Welcome, everybody, to the H3 Podcast. I'm here with one of my idols  Legend and I'm honestly so honored and happy to have you here you guys know him.  He doesn't need an introduction: Steve-O!  Steve-O living legend thanks so much dude.  Well, thank you bro.  God bless you.  Been looking forward to this.  Thanks man. That actually is really awesome.  We're here with Hila Klein, the original Hila Kleiner, obviously.  I- My phone is making noises, and that is just fuckin- Put it on mute.  So let's dive right into it. I am so humiliated. Wait one sec.  Mute it up.  Also, I need to whore out for one second  Oh, whore away  really?  Just like five seconds.  Okay, cool.  So then this goes like:  and thank you to our sponsor Abels no audible  Good night today. So movies people get them. I was back in that shit  Because got audible that day. I'm back in whatever you I'm gonna be like I'm gonna expect a check from audible now  It's actually our sponsors today are equipped  Rick weak and  Black tux, and we'll get more into that a little bit later  Black tux. Oh yeah boy. What about your purple text node is black text cell purple. They do  I just had a better way to go pink there  Yep, fucking go you know that I was back in you, so what's up man would even up to these days I've been up to  I've been  Pretty quiet on the social media for the last week or so as I've hunkered down and worked furiously on a new video  Project yeah user lurk, and we get a little sneak peek. Yeah, well it's um A  rough draft, so to speak of  What will be my next stand-up comedy special own which is a Multimedia extravaganza?  Packed with an anton's a bonanza. Yeah, oh smoke right? Yeah, it's just a while back and notice  I thought you know as I was performing one that but you know the stories. I'm telling  are largely  Shit that happened on camera. So what if my next comedy special if I edited in the archival footage?  Of and so just like I want crazy about it. I've been hunkered down that's so cool  Yeah, can you go look right because it's the thing is that like it like when I'm doing the show as sometimes  I just can't get past thinking  There's no way that anybody in the audience believes right not only is what I'm saying true, but that it's actually like  There's like an attention to detail of the truth. You know can't believe it. I don't think anybody would because such outlandish  Shit, but it's completely true, and so then when when I put this together  And I just think I've been going through all this footage that she's never even appeared anywhere  And it's like you know at a great show right, and I'm just blown away  Did I buy how much there is to back it up and then on top of that?  I've been I shouldn't probably say this because we don't have any kind of an agreement  But we've been like loosely discussing the the director of jackass  Directing and producing this and and and sort of doing like really heavy  Marky's stunts, which I would do for a jackass for  There is no  Jackass for so like I'm to be huge where he's like the big like things  And then we've dropped them into throughout the comedy special as it is yet, so wait  Let me so you're going to do new stunts on video to show during the show like what to edit and we drop in vignettes  Right, but I want to make them pertinent like like I'll go ahead and I'll just exclusive for you. Oh  shit  My idea for the opening sequence of this this extravaganza this bonanza  I've never seen they've got a  Traveling billboards which big basically is just a flatbed truck a big a big flatbed  Truck in the middle of the flatbed is just a gigantic billboard  I see them saying like gays are going to hell and shit  I I have not seen that somebody would not say I've only seen them driving around Vegas, okay?  But a nanteos and at any rate  And they drive around and they promote what everyone promote and so the idea for the the opening sequence  is to have one of these travelling billboards promoting the live show itself with the billboard in La  We get up there, and we just duct tape my ass to mostly vogue billboard itself, okay?  Doug take me to the billboard and once I'm properly duct-taped we get on the road, and we drive way to Vegas  Duct tape to the doors for the entire five hour drive  There's a lot of bugs on that way that's fine print really bring it you  Covered and did but bring it out  And I want to join it  And then as we drive down  and I picture like like dough above dope time-lapse with like you know the you see the  Sun's up when we start  But the time on to the sun going down at one point like a van is I will pull up and be pacing  Alongside in the highway and the door slide open we got all the jackass guys in there, shoot  Like shooting paintball guns at me from the moving van sounds desperate Bill  That they don't know they'll really pull over and paste like right next we know and I want them to actually  Jump out of the van onto the flatbed so they can more  Personally torture me as we drive down the highway and then of course we'll get to Vegas  We'll go down the sunset strip as the opening credits  You know the whole like the whole opening sequence comes to we plot the theater this show takes place in Vegas  Oh, that's fucking and so then and said that I'm going to do it  I'm not  Come except yeah, what was I bad? No cover to bugs and like burn I?  think I bitch air we rem  kind of film all of the  Interstitial vignettes and opening sequence the end what end I think is going to be a really massive deal in like the theater  Maybe a vignette outside but but in any case, I'm just thrilled that I'm so excited about it that smells absolutely nana  I'm there exactly am a good job that is going to be huge all of the like all of the ideas for the the  Really big stunts are major and even the stand-up  You just can't ever be left without like Mind-blowing footage this cut into it  So it's just like a kind of a docu comedy  Marriage of my two world it sounds really cool. I mean, I don't really creative and different okay  That's it has to be in a world  Saturated with with comedies with so much competition you guys it like Netflix, and so until next year Netflix has like a heavy  Heavy hitter every week I've noticed with like with Dave chappelle. You got Seinfeld  Chris Rock like I mean all the like ellen. You should be like really really big no  So so I like the idea of you know from the director of jackass  you know like just marge is crazier than the next like a level of crazy and  really more people in with all of the  Jackassery I'm genuinely when I'm over when they get there with the stand-up genuinely excited. We're going to the show oh shit  I would love to have you guys there. I love it, but let let lets stop with all the  Ocean no it is promotional  Or man appreciate that I mean like when I first met you for the first time you guys I didn't realize that you were doing  Stand-up wow I got that Darius. How's that going look it's been so great man, I  I  Need never occurred to me to do stand-up even though. I'm an all-around attention whore so it makes sense right alright  But the first time it came up was that was 11 years ago almost 11 years ago for a while  Right it was um  There's a comedian named skyler stone, and he I didn't know who he was at the time  But he reached out to me  He said that he was hosting a show at the world-famous laugh Factory on the sunset strip in Hollywood  California and would I come and and  Get on stage during his show and perform crazy stunts as I'll of course again  I was out of my mind over you guys do hybl come I didn't give it a thought  I was just there doing drugs, and I didn't care as a guy yeah for sure and I showed up  I'll just figure out when I get there and when I walked into that comedy club  again summer of 2006 I believe it was august maybe I  Walked in there and and I just looked at the stage and as like so that's what they do here. It's  Terrifying and I just immediately it occurred to me. There's no crazier stunt and I could  Come up with then third hand there and do that shit. Oh yeah, so I was like oh my God to do that  I'm gonna do that and and I was like I waited for my turn to get on stage as  And I've sent around the book well what I'm saying ultimately. I don't think I was on stage more than like three minutes  I said it feels like I've never I gotten stage. I was like hey everybody  I'm in the mood for a blowjob  System does anybody want oh  Yeah, look on the spot  It was something that I came up with while sitting there waiting for my turn to get should write a nice wit  Go some way right unlike sir lancelot  good what I watched the tons of  Yeah, I decided their own twist  Twist their way right, but in any case up. Maybe the overall experience was  And real at a real sense that people were excited to see me. They were and they were rooting for me to do well  Yeah, how was it exceptional McCleary? I was only on stage of agreement  I got a couple laughs people are excited to see me. I felt like they're rooting for me, and I was like man  This is what I wanted I want to get into this and I  was still out of my mind on drugs it took a while before I really got serious about it, but  but yeah  2010 I don't man full. Oh shit you been are you serious?  My definitely holy I've been touring I've been trying for a tree on my seven years. He's a veteran, but now I  Feel like it. I've made some progress  I feel like it's a little bit of an uphill battle my reputation will never be for stand-up. Comedy because you know I  Do all this is about enough, but was what was had said?  with that said I  Come to the table with a Built-in audience  He's interested in and you know and and my experience is so much. What drives the stand-up  That's just like you know you don't have to really believe I was he can be good at stand-up  It's like all that motherfucker's crazy. Let's go simran oh yeah. Yeah instead think dad's mad more and I take it seriously  I really do care about about what I do and you know I keep the people laughing and  And like I'm super grateful for it man. It's been going to going very well  I can tell you as someone whose call me on YouTube I?  Dream of doing stand-up and building here, I mentioned it when moe had your your crisis  Yes, I feel like I was a part of yeah, yeah zero no  I was a part of the crisis near like fuck  And I just shot was way too much for for you too bad when we cut your nuts off, right?  Yeah, straight of poor Steve-O  But like the thought of going on stage is truly horrifying to me in the beginning it is in the beginning it is  but  pretty quickly you  You through experience figure out. What is working for you, and what isn't right and then and then you kind of  You develop  Your comfort zone where it was where even if you're if you're trying something new and it's going terribly you know you've got stuff that  Is proven to work with this material? Yeah, right?  So once once you're into honing stuff and we've got like and you've got reliable stuff  It's going to go well you can fall back on it  Gets a lot easier to venture out of their comfort zone because you're gonna call  I tried something fuck didn't work okay, and then I bring it bring out a hammer  How's the feeling of like being up on stage and feeling like because I've heard it described  It's like being empowering right like empowers. I guess I mean I think that the reality is  That there's there's something  dark about comedians in general like anybody who's inclined to get on stage and like just  desperate for  Validation and like please please clap for me, please like there's something that I think is inherently  Involved self-Hatred on some level  Do you feel like you have to get on stage and really just?  Be so desperate for attention and approval. I think that's a good now the same with art to  Representing in any I mean and as a society we've become such attention whores  I feel like I always look a little bit ahead of the curve  But uh but whatever man, it's all good and touring must be pretty difficult to write oh my God  That's got to be the worst yeah as we thought about doing a live tour recently we've been  Just a neighbor to be so proud. It would be a great. I'm sure would be a great experience  We're in the pre very stage of planning it director  Delicious no, they're like okay. We're going to take you on the road for two months, and you're doing six shows a week  I'm like I'm not thinking about this  Right I was like man. I can handle that the comedy club circuit. Which is which is the majority of  my tour now obviously eaters here and there and if I'm going international, it's all theaters, but  Or music menus sometimes internationally is that because their age is good  I don't know I guess they don't have comedy clubs or uh but the way that the comedy club scene works in the u.s.. I  I go out on Wednesday  Saw dude Thursday morning. Press. I do one show on Thursday  I do two shows on all the same club I go for five days to  11.00 that one place  I got one show Thursday two shows Friday two shows Saturday and possibly one show on Sunday  So it's either five or six shows in the same venue all in one weekend  So when you do two shows it looks like I've gotten to a point where I'm like  I'll just genuinely dread  I just judges ready because not only do I do the whole live show immediately afterwards  I take Jamie agree between higher audience. I promise every single person wants a photo as much as you love your fans  That's got to be really exhausting because it's like gnarly. It's gnarly. It's hair that  you did the meeting greed is a  Is harder work than the show it will happen I do whole show a holding be a whole show and a whole new group  That's so something that really scares me about it. Is that you have to repeat the same show. It's  What scares you but cuz that's like we always do every week or every  Day's we do something completely new right?  We always move forward with right you're free people getting forward or just like we got  Our own experience and being like stuck on great like you're in the loop  I got to understand why it's in the same on the day. Yeah  Do you ever feel that's something? I thought about what comedians it might not be at all that bad. It's just bad yeah  Yes, yes, it sucks and at the same time it  You can't you can't perform that many shows?  Without improvement, you know even if you try to dear you know even if you try to do the same show  You know even if you can still you're good. It's kind of evolved  It's not evolving and as you get kind of the bigger picture process is you know you go everywhere?  I don't ever want to go back to a place that I've been before until I have a new show  And so you kind of go everywhere that you're going to go you'd be bring to be burnable?  You know like the crowd is different and good right, so you do your whole circuit  And then you tape comedy special and then and then when once you take the comedy special then you start  Really doing new material but your video you have until the special airs  To kind of do half an arrow and fall back on happened. So then you develop it and then they could start over again  It's absolutely different multi guys, so that's also one of the reasons. I'm like concert' or like hesitant to try to get into it  It's like I've gone good at what I do right, and I know that it over lately  It's like starting all over you in terms of skill set and understanding right? It's so funny. I mean I  Think that where you're at with stand-up is where I'm at with the podcast you know  I really think because I've I've had this idea to do a podcast for  For however long and I've had like the you know the reps  Setting it up negotiating and no deal has really been finalized  There's been something holding it up or the insurance you know feel you looking to get cuz you just fucking they going  Get some mics. Oh God low Rider don't  Reservist Claudia well yeah, I mean, and it's not like there's really that much money especially if you're just starting it yeah  But but I don't know it's thinking when you have like the sophisticated  Representations the big-time agents and lawyers it just serves to slow everything down yeah  It does it serves to slow everything down and and and I have actually in the podcast  Arena welcomed that because I have kind of cold feet the way you do is tandem  - that's like oh of the insurance on riot yeah, Simon Meanwhile  I'm happy to go on on other people's podcast, and it's crazy like I  Like I have been able to go in some really big ones uh yeah, you've been on Joe Rogan several times all right  I have like really notably twice  I would say because the first  timer tear that I did it there was just such a room full of people and I was really uh  it was really kind of early in my process of the comedy from the very first times and so I was  Kind of sure that I just wasn't  but but the last two times on Joe Rogan has been really just me in him and  And then I've Gotten more feedback from those podcasts  Then like even being on howard stern or anything like that. It's just it's incredible  what a  Fuckin badass gerald actually yeah, he's fascinating a guy is  Incredible one of them's like a and I can tell I was telling him like what a fan  I was and I could see him get uncomfortable just friends. Yeah  You know and I'm like yeah wow like I just love it man  That like I follow him on Instagram and his post. He always has like this really long  Explanation of literally fascinating it kind of makes me angry  I'm like why is this guy so fuckin more interesting than me like he puts his time and to learn  Like a dedicates himself because his that I'm like dude. He's the back patio games and  Let's give you some credit though man. I mean we should dive right into this cuz this is what I like this blanket definitely the  Dad now that our relationship began and people  Did probably all know this so even though there were articles written about it was there whatever  Articles written about it about how I tweeted a one night  I was fascinated about some topic or rather whatever it might have been and involved it involved individuals  Faking pranks to get into that and I was like and I was like man  Because I was like that as I guess is interested like I get away with it. You know  It's just like someone I was thinking about it  I kind of really get away with it, and so I've started to like researching a little bit  I want and the rabbit hole where I was no longer even focused on the  Initial subject I was interested in and now I was on to this this this Joey salad guy another Golden moment  Oh my God, and then that was I think my first video  I watched which will have tailors then the one with him or not at first. I watched the one with  the man in a black lives matter and then and then when I watched you  When you interviewed him not the whole Saga choji. I get I guess I got part one Angela children  Jesus that's fucking shit is amazing and and so then I just started watching Wonderin  It's the middle of the night when this is all going on I  I have been like 3:00 in the morning, and I'm just watching age 3 video after hD  Just respond just go down the rabbit hole and I just and and and then and this is coming from absolutely no idea  Said I just heard of you for the first time and I just watched video after video after video  And then I got I got a fuckin I got a do something with these guys yeah  I got g something with these guys and so then I tweeted at you. Yeah, and for whatever was a thing  I had said I don't only just now became aware of  Introductions kind of got it so I can do something yeah, well, I thought that I was like fuck this let's go. Yeah  right Idiot Lee within  24 hours I was at your house five hours after that sweet we were on the phone. Yeah  And you gotta have r at like 11 you were when surfing or somebody surfing like a real badass. Oh shit  It was like that like a real badass. I came back from the Beach and we're hanging out  It was great. It said Jeff you remember the topic of our conversation when you came out. Oh, I do  I remember quite a few topic. We we got into some great stuff because he gave Frank's is close to my heart  That's yes, I write. I do what I do. I was like dude chuck and you guys are like the fuckin internet police  you know you better watch out like ah oh my god and  the latest Magic get off of fake pranks  We will certainly go there but but this latest did I guess I give those subconscious on it's time to stop lent  Sing one cuz why might never faked anything, so then I'm not worried about that, but uh but what was it like I?  tried A  Fucking vine star. You know like which called scare sketch the integrand Instagram comedy yeah  Instagram college as I said was I saw your collab with Viners, right I do too  yeah, I did two of them and the first one ah  The first one was an idea. I was sitting on to the longest time I was like man  You know like a bathroom etiquette thing and I was like like right up there it is what yeah exactly?  Here is my premise, and it's really fucking funny  Is that if if a guy heaven forbid comes out of the bathroom and he has left the toilet seat up a woman's?  You know likely yell at him mom  You're so rude you left the toilet seat up right pizza, but were they what they don't fucking consider  is that the reason why the  12-2 is up is because the guy was polite enough to not piss her up and not piss all over in the front that shit  - right it's like oh, oh let me let me let me be thoughtful and let me not piss all over the toilets  I'm going to lift it up to make sure I don't piss on  I don't want to sit my piss that guy gets yelled at but then the other guy who leaves it down piss on it  And gets and gets get showered with praise. Yeah, that's a great thing so, how did you trends well? We made like I?  Got together with some finer, and I walked animatic any nobody  bowlers lately oh  Not not the biggest one okay not  Big one you have like the broke-ass weird viners  You know why I where I got recognizable  But you don't know from where you know I was watching it because we were playing to the video on Instagram video instagram comedian  So specifically viner I figure on so I was watching everything well, I haven't seen yours Bob. There's a lot to get through  But the thing was are what I put when I posted that one the bathroom one it was  Still the most viewed thing I've ever put on Instagram wow, I guess yeah  Done some outrageous shit and and then the sketch  And I thought man I got to really get into this wait a my second my second one  What a camera leon you uh wait what it's just on you  I've seen in the chat, and we're just saying the cameras on Illa  They were demand  Was anything?  What you're not the director dammit what the camera blues song ring?  I know, how long was it on how long was it on you, hela what?  Let's get the camera back on Yellin and no  Interfere money like no Diana in case they said that was a ghetto self purchase on your last  Alright, then the land physics is like I bet I got into the impact  I comedy look nobody'll bet I saw some good stuff there. Yeah  Yeah, yes, generally these viners the supremacy of these whiners dis Max exodus from vine when it got closed down  And they're like these parasites like a dystopia there int. They're like  Well getting all the social media should be fair  That exodus occurred before vine we let but that well because they were like wow you know we can have longer format  So it's like Roy  It's like world war two the jews were they were sprinkling out, but once that right holocaust said then you're like  Oh, fuck just fighting everywhere. Do you really have to be Jewish say that?  you do it help yeah after that help and  It's just like that. Yeah. Yeah, so said it was the fake pranks business  God I've been so ah  So well you have a history with these guys some of the guys we've spoke about a lot, but ali right Roman atwood one  who's there the other ones those are the big boys these guys that help me launch my  YouTube Channel this was crazy because  You know like with the jackass franchise. I was a part of three  theatrical box-office  Movies you know and all of them were number one you know they were made with like  Notoriously low budgets and the profit Margins on the jackass movies were astronomical  It's just like you know I even heard that  Paramount was like in real trouble at one point and and is it a jackass movie this  I mean, it's probably an overstatement to say that we saved them, but we certainly helped. I might really have a question. Yeah  I'm not asking to say how much but like I know  You guys famously got paid like very little for the first episode or the first movie first movie um  the  Yep, the I think what I mean, I know that. I got like 65 thousand bucks a  Lot of movie me, but there are a lot of quotes  Goodbye there guys good exposure a lot of guys get exposure  And I would I would have taken that and been like oh my God let me read like the first  the first season of the TV show I  Got paid not even per episode I got paid per bit  And if it wasn't perfect cut your bed out you don't get paid right I?  Gave it up. That's going to put up there like pariah  and if it was if it was really high impact like dangerous  Physical no no stunts success. I got 500 bucks per bed. No way  That's it. It was like super dangerous look you had like a 10% chance of dying in a spin  I'm going to kick you a couple hundred extra bucks right well if it was uh if there's like a  Sight gag you know like a low-impact commodore. You're not in danger. Then there's 200 bucks  That is honestly fucked off and because they're they're promoting you. They're encouraging guys to endanger yourselves. Yeah of course that's right  I'll stop saying dude by the thing is an event while on the front door like do please don't cut me even with that even  with that and it's come to my attention more like it because I  I've looked at Dead someone's deal someone who's just starting out  and they've just got such a fuckin shitty deal that ties them up for so long and  And I look back on like our  contract  For that first season didn't automatically renew itself you know  I wasn't like in it  and I think that noxon and true man really protected us from that and and not to a  particular with the movies and when it came to that first movie  Apparently from what I understand he just said I'm not fucking doing anything  I'm not getting in front of a camera unless all the guys have back-end  So while we got well we got to see the 65 grand or that's what I got. Maybe then I go  You did have a back-end crap. Oh for sure. What did you write? Yeah, what a g?  It wasn't like big if you know it was it wasn't it was they might even be aware of that, right?  Well happily get fucked over right and so so you know all all things considered  It all worked out pretty well there was the first season of the TV show  At the end of the day, I made less than 1500 bucks  And I think they still air  I think it's still out there almost  Right and the reason I asked about your mind is because I I think I saw you say this quote yeah  I think of it, and it was nh captivated me. You said something  How you are super famous, but broke and I never sat around can't imagine  I would have said that I was broke that time when the famous but not rich that was right right right, right?  And I was like damn that's kind of funny. If there was a quote it would have been some of the effect of  It's a lot easier to get famous than it is to get rich  I think that's probably why do I feel like you were broke in the early days. Why I don't leave Airy famous  I've not been broke and when jackass first came out  I was certainly broke because I got so little for that first season. I'd been kicked out of my  there were my sister's house where I lived she kicked me out I  Was fired from my job  I was a circus clown  So when I have to hit like that  When jackass started when Jack has started to air when it being when it was in permanent premiere on MTV. I was  Unemployed homeless and broke work alone at a star. We're actually over you were a previous class. I was veteran Circus clown  yeah, but I was unemployed and I had no money and I was no place to live so  And you were super famous  But it all hit pretty quickly and and people would recognize me and ask me for a picture and autographs and I'd be like yeah  Sure like can I sleep on yourself can you?  Right so that that I don't know that concept to me is really fascinating yeah combination. Yeah, and then  within  Two weeks by the first episode aired one week later the second one and then when we captured at the third  so when they got the ratings back for the third episode I got a call from the executive producer who said it's officials where the  Highest-rated show is kind of Format, and in like the history of MTV  I mean obviously not higher ratings and then the vmas or insights, but have any kind of half-hour comedy like theirs  They'd never seen a bigger  Profit Margin and and and then I was in a contractor  I was in a position to renegotiate because  because I didn't have a contract that tied me up and I would credit Knoxville with that and  Instead okay?  So we know we got to pay you for the MTV just ordered seasons two and three  Wow in the same time is the first season with eight episodes right? So that said they ordered 60 episodes, okay?  You know like as seasons two and three  Together they they got into this by of 16 episodes night, so we know we got a page. We're going to give you  $2,000 per episode and in my mind  They buck using what?  and in my mind  I was I wasn't even like I didn't occur to me that the first answer is always no, no matter what it is  No matter was your first thing. There's no temptation or anything advice. Yeah, the first answer is always no  That's just what you do like. I guess. I don't I didn't know that. Oh we've been through the same shit  Yeah, you know so in my mind. I'm thinking wow okay, so 16 episodes times mm. That's  $32,000 I'm fucking rich is that like what ana and I remember -  This is fucking cool time, and I mean I didn't yeah, I didn't care man  I didn't think I was going to live man what I was sure that was going to be dead, so soon  you know like and  I remember they started filming the you know for uh  Pretty Craig I would film in short bursts man that whole first season of jackass  I filmed in the space of five days died only fellow leland I only found on three of those did  Well, then I the first trip yes, it makes sense  Above the 30 Mm. I  Guess after taxes is more like 20,000 yeah, and then they gave me  Half of that largely upfront, and I am remembered I called up Jeffrey and I was like dude  I just got a check for all right now, and I didn't just get it  So I'm about to get a check for $10,000. I said I've never even heard of $10,000  I said I'm just going to put it to you like this when I get this check  It's going in the bank and before that motherfucker even clears  I'm going to be on the road driving from  Where I lived in Florida?  To la I'm driving a truck in La I'm moving to California more fuckin pub pop off of this shit  You know your dream to move to la pretty much my life is an agonizing wait to move to la you know across the board  Everything I was ever into is from out. You know heavy metal music skateboarding like stunts like you know. Yes  I was a huge gold and beautiful opportunity. I was so great  I was represented all the opportunity yeah  And the dopest thing was there when I told that to tremaine you said if he said, hey click  And you're not going anywhere until you give me a list of ideas  for jackass stunts in  every single state  Like give me something give me something for every state between Florida and California  Aaron and if the list rules out then I'll send out a TV production crew to follow you as you drive across country  And so that's who we did  Yeah, it was awesome. And I was like what I think I'll kill it you went into the show  Yeah for sure, so I got away a head start  and I remember by yourself during those those well what the producers rode with me in my car and  Then alleged production team followed behind seven years man  It took like five days to get across country, and I remember I was like I was like okay  So I'm going to be in Alabama. I was like, Alabama  he said the deep south I want to go to like a black Fraternity house at A  you know  College campus, I just want to show up unannounced and bang on their door and tell them how impressed  I am by the by their brands you see like black fraternity guys. They've got these crazy brands  You know from branding their flesh with hot irons  And I want to print like a like a brand like grammys branding branding flesh with hot  Iron and write a brand to people you do that. Yeah, they still do it  You see their guys arms  And it's all it's called Keloid when when the scar is raised up and they get their their fraternity  All right fucking logo like whatever. They're the greek letter like yes, so they're all rockin  Yeah, Mr.. Vegetable out. I wanted my skin to be fucking branded okay?  And I was and I was going to tell them out of respect for your fraternity. I don't wanna. I don't wanna  I'm not a member of returns. I don't want to get your fraternity logo. Whatever it is  I want to get a heart the shape of a heart branded over my heart as a metaphor to show that love hurts  Wow, yeah, very real it writes out a wonderful thought that was I wasn't mind my ideas  Didn't get branded well. Yeah, but the thing was that  Then when they said to submit all the ideas, so they'd submit the ideas they came back  they got to approve them and  Maybe they said okay with you can't get brand Billy  We can get branded as if it's by a professional everything had to be under the supervision of professionals  So it's like okay  It sound like a an in Alabama a tattoo shop where they said okay? We can be branding  They didn't really do it, but maybe a professional said aids watch  Yes, I got branded oh my good  Thinkin so yeah, oh that better to look like when you first did it I was 16 years ago  They're very subtle just white heart right? Yeah, I don't. I don't have that a  Skin that scars that great. That's right up join me at Arena  I feel like I got gypped because if that is good right, okay, you're slamming baby, right?  but I'm but then when when when in some didn't they've submitted the  Footage then the the standards and practices the TV censors came back and said oh well  We said you get Steve-o branded we never say anything about airing on television footage of sizzling smoking flesh  Right I ended up. I got kind of branded for nothing which welcome it's a reminded yourself that love hurts. It's true  You know sure of that lesson, but yeah, so that's how it all worked  and then I got out to I got out to La and  Fuck man. I was  March of 2001 man long time I didn't find out how fast you can spend $10,000  What the thing was that uh?  That I got a call from this guy  Like he was like hey  Man um just before I left Florida this guy dug me up because we were like really popular on MTV with the first season  And he was like hey, man. I'm calling you from cleveland this guy was a rave promoter from Cleveland, and he says  I'm having a party on a party and I think it was January 25th, and I want to fly you out  to attend this party and  I'll get you out the next morning  We won't even be gone for 24 hours, and I'll and I'll pay you 700 bucks, and I was like dude  Don't just give me 700 bucks. I'll fucking chew and swallow glass I will run myself. I'll lay myself on fucking fire  I'll write my fucking head on fire you overvaluing seven is nothing, right?  Turned out that everyone out there  and  It was me wee man and bam. We each got 700 bucks  And that doesn't mean that's the first time I ever  First time bam ever took ecstasy Craig David Tom okay?  Like I got two pills and I broke one and a half and I just gave bam a little baby half  And I took one and a half yeah and and bad was like. Oh my God kim what he took  one of these you know like  Rolling on oh dude. He was rolling on a half an e  I was tired taking one and a half. I've done fucking meth mushrooms. You looking better ugh  that was gnarly yeah, I was so gnarly and  So hey, but I remembered distinctly that I did end up getting to sleep  So what are they ghosts on boy? I fell asleep because I meant because it's the same guy the promoter the next day  Yeah, he was like hey your flight leaves like in an hour  I was like underneath his dining room table like he's like in flight leaves howard. He won't even try another. God  I just went in the blend all day that's wonderful shouting run run run bother then I slept all day under the guys table and  Then when I woke up like we walked across  This bridge in Cleveland to this restaurant, and it visited the Cleveland River and it was January  so I'm walking across I looked down and the river was partially frozen and in certain areas and  Riots some others like theirs were like frosty and dry you know, but I could see it was like shitty advice  You know like sin. Yeah  And I was like - I'm not leaving cleveland until I get a fucking pair of ice skates  And I go skating on that river until I fall through so I fall through the ice  What was it inside of you where it seems like back, then it's like everything you looked at you're like  I need this is a challenge - got to prove my shopping. Yeah  I was like and I was never in it for the money man like I said I didn't think I was going to live very  Long I'd such a terrible drug problem  You know I was just like I was just like whatever man like what was it though that?  I don't know. I wanted to be remembered forever. You know just saw every opportunity to get out there  I just want yeah  I just wanted to fuckin be loved and  Important somehow you know and remember that like we're all going to be dead  And I was like I want to I want to live on after I'm gone  I want to still have I want to have a legacy  That's that I saw to do it right, but this guy I  Was in Cleveland for a week you know before I felt do dies twice  I wasn't happy with the footage his first time so when I did it in the shooter shorts  It didn't it just didn't work for me  So then I went back and did it in a tutu and that day we filmed it better  So so over the course that we can in cleveland like this guy real obliga  He had made  $35,000 on his party  He just flew you guys out just to be there just to be there was a great, era generator  Yeah, is like a and this was before like the whole personal parents thing was even really a leg D9  I need 35 grand just from riding large sport you think having you guys there promoting an NBA and for sure  We were big stars. You know and a number two. He was like  He said on may wonder when I miss that flight when I got up  He's like sewage, so when you got to give me home  He's thinking that like I'm a star and the biggest show on MTV and life is I got shit to do this  Again the party was January 25th and and so he says when do I get to get home and I was like oh well  Kind of into this chick, and I really want to be home by Valentine's day  what some fuck is going on here and uh and  he and he was like I had been whoring myself out to this internet company for like 500 bucks a bit for  Internet codes and so he was like well, what about what are you doing for money? And I was like dude  You kidding me. I have like I bet. I was like I have like 1,200 bucks in the bank  Like you know a grown-ass man. Loved it like  Right right, and uh didn't have a club. He was just a promoter okay, but I got it it is so funny and and  that guy I  he  pitched us and the sort of public of  Personal appearances for a spring break oh and panama city, so he's like I gave me three Grand circa  Think of it was three grand for two weekends  Oh my God quite a lot more than right right right and sadly got to the point where it was like three  But the thing was the first public appearance  Yeah, the personal appearance thing was at the largest nightclub in the us, and it was sort of a meet and Greet kinda thing  We're supposed to be there  We're supposed to appear, but as I was there there was a fucking stage, and I was like there's a dense stage over there  I'm getting on it, and I'm like I got on the stage and like thousands of people came over and I'm like  jake like go go go give me this give me that and I'm like they're on my fire the birth of the one induced and  Uh well it was certainly the birth of a tour  perfect full circle beautiful stuff right there  Well yeah, what happens like I got on a stage?  And I kept people at that stage like like over a thousand people for over an hour  They gave me a microphone, and I was like doing like my fire-breathing acrobatics like nut cakes and like this  And I kept doing all this crazy shit like cutting myself at the light bulb and cheering and swallowing the glass  like all my shit and  and the  Cleveland guy was like dude. We got to show you know we're going to show and  In town, so we just said turned into a whole world tour and really it wasn't stand-up as much as more like nutty  I did I promise I will be drunk and on drugs or your money back  That's my guarantee for every show. That was my guarantee man cultra  Steve-O must do right high it was never in writing was never in writing but but I held up my end of the bargain  Yeah, you're you know you're a loyal performer right and uh it is great  It wasn't it wasn't stand-up per se but but it was certainly a lot of performance and you know hi  How do you look back on those days? Do you look at those like iolaus, or you're like fucked up? It's great  Yeah, everything about it was great  Man like this is fucked up for like a sober guy, you know I've been sober for a long time now  But but I think to myself man  If I could repeat like six six months window of my life to just live on a loop  that's like the the first six months of  2003 well, we're fucking gnarly. You know it's about to get to okay because you were never should have a car  Honey, right you had a little you had enough money where you're like? Oh, I have money. I have freedom  I didn't know I had enough money  I but I didn't even have an ATM card. I had no AtM card  I didn't give a fuck ah it was just like this this guy became my sh'ma Shady fuck commander the cleveland dude  And and I started like distributing my DVDS not paying me anything I?  Can Salsa right I saw your merch at your stores?  And I could not just selling merch at my shows and I don't think I ever got a penny from merged  You're selling pre-cut is convolute  I had I had a I had a fucking late-night TV commercial support firm  For my too hot for TV  Stiva video DVD it was why it was like ah man ah a  Beginning because that's how it happened, whether it was tremaine when tremaine first told me that Jaga's pilot got ordered  he said so so so didn't like write ideas for when we come to smell me in Florida and  Take all the video  But if you haven't send it in so we can license it onto the show and like a week later it told me that not  One clip I sent him was was allowed on TV says unfortunately nothing cleared  Standards and practices what I was like. I thought a what kind of a fucking watered-down  Bullshit show are we going to make they've been turns out  They just had like they're really particular about fire, and it's because of the beavers and blood  back and and and and another story  I've heard about it's a spiritual axiom then whatever you do is cooler. If you are on fire. Yeah  okay, so if you guys don't know this was a huge hiding back in the day right this animated show Beavis and butt-head which is  Really revolutionary at the time. It wasn't it was great  it was a wonderful and and then periodically and  Regularly yeah, beavis would click lighter and go fire fire fire  I remember when I was a kid everyone was walking around doing be with somebody impressions  It was huge and then a kid burned because I got in a trailer park a kid was playing with Matches or lighter  Said the whole trailer and fire killed his baby sister and TV was held liable for so that's like  Yeah, it was just the one of the first instances of like  There's words of censorship of like  This whole thing like our video games principal for violence like I don't know the high traffic  What a great question, but it's like I want you to always manual for joking I don't think yeah  I want I watching this documentary on airplane and the title of it was our video games really that bad  and I watched the whole thing and  And I turned it into a joke which I never really used  But they didn't what this documentary revealed is that there is no link between?  video Game violence and real Life violence, right  But there is however a link between playing video games all the time and being a complete fuckin loser  Yeah, yeah, we don't need a document  That's like  The strong wind is very strong  Causal relations, and I said that on up that's a great bit. You should take those  I said that off the the game grumps vodka these guys they play video games. You know this good those guys are fucking awesome  I don't know  I actually never met them, but I gotta give props to those dudes, and there's another one where I have an original price man  How do they sell out comedy clubs and they just go play video games em yeah?  I know I felt like it's basically a podcast set to the visual of a video game, right?  And I went in there and said I want to play the most  Violent Fuckin videos if I don't want to play like jackass the video games. Yeah. I was like now dude  I want the most fuckin gratuitously violent fucking would what should I?  Forget what is even called, but it was beers pretty gnarly  I'm hilarious hilarious um well. We're selling it through and do this  Oh, yeah, let's say. We'll take a quick break. How about that. That was a great. I was a beautiful thing Stevo  You're fascinating ah thanks I?  Apologize many buddies hurting in these stores before I keep it pretty fresh you know, but you know, what fucking dude  She got the first half of this podcasters down second half of me has it been an hour  Yeah, that's been a no always just slam. It. Did. Oh my God. You're like button on this guy's  I know I know there's no like button, but like met like mentally if you can smash it, right  There's a like button. This is one images. Oh my God  They're going to be full rockin we were talking about  How likes are the currency of the future right you nobody makes money on on YouTube anymore?  We all just come for the likes that's right as a validation man. That's all that matters. So we'll take a quick break  I got it. I'm going to talk about some sponsors who make this show possible cool and cool cool, but if you won  You can go to bathroom just a head start, okay. God bless you  So when I get back, I'm gonna fucking crush  Guys our sponsors make this show possible  I actually the sponsored parts are kind of fun for me. Yeah better kind of I've been learning about really interesting products. They're actually useful  We said that we feel like we're and Shark tank says seriously  I always look at these product because I'm always looking for interesting products that can like improve my life because you go to Rob's or  Some shit or Target. You don't always find like the interesting shit that's out there everything's on the internet  I don't know what's on the internet is too big. Here's one. We got  This one is called quit, okay  Where's my quit brush? So this is an electric toothbrush?  Called quit, and this one the invention of the year actually was that fucking Rim  invention of the year by time magazine  2016 that's what it's kind of so  Let me close the door. I'm hearing myself  So this toothbrush starts at 25 bucks, and it's electric. I don't think it  I don't think you need to charge it or even put a battery in it, and what's dope is you push the button it?  vibrates and then it keeps track of your brushing -  So every minute it gives you our 30 seconds. It gives you a little vibrate and it turns off after three minutes  It helps you to keep track of your brush, and it's actually I'm obsessed with oral hygiene  What do you think ethan actually really is it says? I'm a fucking brushes for an hour sometimes  It's not that long sometimes I brush so long I like urine right now like a whole episode if we watch the show  You'll find the whole time. Which is probably 30 minutes  Yeah, sometimes I leave the toothbrush in my mouth so long that I like where it burns my mouth  Do it but I'm obsessed with oral hygiene grow up bad breath and bad like mouth shit. Just is the biggest turnoff ever and  -  There's actually results for you because whenever we'll go to the dentist. I have nothing to do anything nothing  I do just brush your teeth for 30 minutes the fifth is I don't know how you do it. So this guy's quit  You go to get quit calm for h 3g t?  Q-- u I p comp board H3 you can get this starting at  $25 I used it right before the show, and it's it actually works amazingly  It gives you that like sometimes I brush and you stuff like Schmutz kind of like you can feel it yeah  So with this I didn't have any yeah, and I'm always looking for a good toothbrush when you go to the store  They're always like too hard you notice that I?  Tell me about it. I'm always on a constant look for the softest too fresh also. This is good  I mean, I honestly I'm going to use this I think it's a great out of their toothpaste  starts at  25 bucks new brush included  free shipping included go to get quip dot-Com for Slash H3  Help the show support it. This is a great toothbrush. I'm going to use this me too. Let's go  How is that you guys buying this toothbrush?  Anything else to say about this. It's actually legit and for the for the price of 25. It's a great deal  I wanted to do the link in the chat, but I on the phone is so hard  Yeah that that's the sound of clean teeth. Ye  Oh cool snipers got it a pleasure. Thanks doug. Yes, Pam. That Lincoln Chuck  get clipped  Calm what a great was Denny's noises. Let me check to make sure that works. So that's our first Sponsor and  These sponsors really are the shit this show won't be possible with other sport  We have a ton of expenses here, and they've graciously supporting us, and I wouldn't I wouldn't bring a product  I didn't believe in this is actually a really great  Toothbrush  And then I think the best part is that it keeps track of it for you  It kind of motivates you I don't have that problem at Liz Brice for three minute it goes for three minutes  And then it turns off automatically, and I'm really good have it yeah promotes you to fuckin clean that dirty mouth  This link isn't working. It's not working, huh get clipped off or /hD it is not working  What the hell are you seriously we seriously crash their website you guys weren't ready for this shit  Get quit time to get some more bandwidth on your server  We just crashed our sponsors website. That's very funny. I  Guess that's a good thing  Well age three right core man will fuck there's Bocce tqu IP complex issue  It's the best spot for them and their websites completely crashing hopefully down there quit hMM  This isn't the first their first rodeo. Well anyway hopefully  hopefully  People will be able to visit that on YouTube okay. I'm finished the copy, right  I'm chord the last bit of the pot  And I was like fuck man like I'm finishing off then I took a sip  It's fucking like cold what it's both not like a hot iron. Oh, sorry. Yeah, what the hell?  Do you compose you get the coffee hot? I think I got him you know what the fuck  Sorry, Dad  Don't blame me  oh  You want you want me to nominate congress? Yeah? My job. I'll make a whole conference is that okay?  No, I want more too. That was. I really enjoyed that cup some reason got me right. Well. I got another spot  Do you want to do that wine you want me to go in Follow?  I did shoe if I can keep the pace em. I felt like we were on a horse women, baby  I wish land. I have anymore just spot to do here. I'm just like fuck man  Let's let's keep defining of kids and chest and let's keep the crazy. Oh um keep coming  Hello slow slow like a roulade  Do you mean like they watch they tune and no it's up and slow so no no it's been done to this point  But I'm worried about did ahem. We this release okay. We're alone everyone else  We've lost 9% of our viewers no we haven't  We got to keep the juice flowing. We got to keep the  you know  Got to keep the money flowing right gotta get paid or you getting played. You know about that. That's right dude. So here  Let's move on for this one though that I just took that piss as I just felt like I was pissing money  She said it's the best part about this show man  She join me when I go to the bathroom so I can who can piss money together although, I technically you're not but right man  I'll give you like 5 Smear day like this  All right, let's do this last one real quick. So this one is called a week  Winc wink and they have this service  Where they give you four bottles of wine every month and the really cool thing is I like wine  But I don't know how to choose one you go to the store. There's like a hundreds of bottles  I don't know what any of it means you you you know you take your chances sometimes? It's good sometimes, it's bad  So what's interesting about this service wink?  Dot-com or actually that is get wink  Calm four Slash H3 I can't believe you left me in the trenches. Oh  God try wink Calm Ford H3  try that's t ry winc calm for  H3o quip is up again. This is such a shit show  So this wine company you take a quiz and you answer like 10 to 20 questions  Kind of ask you some general stuff like do you like nutty you like nutty Flavors?  Do you like acid eat flavors right? And so based on your preference they send you four bottles every month and we  Tried before we got and it's really fun because it's like a nice variety  You really left me in the trenches here, you look  We're getting creamed. Dude you fucked that. We're getting creamed out here. I'm talking about we  Fuck times up so they send you four balls, and it's a really nice variety so if you like wine  I do enjoy drinking wine  You get like all kinds of different little treats was to white to red you get to choose it what you like?  How did you enjoy the wine allah? I actually really like this the Molbeck  Sick Demo back was my favorite. He was like let's fucking get all this I'm just so impressed by you guys really yeah  You're doing this looking like it's just great man  We all link is down  People are saying wink is down. I can't handle this are you serious hold on?  I mean, I got to see if this is real or not try wink comm H3 if this is down  I'm gonna Fuckin shit my pants and scream. It's down. What the hell's going on  Why was was crashing because that means we refreshed their compassion because we're crushing it hit the crash you were crushing  But it I don't know if that's probably well. They can't it's a crash to crashing. Yeah, there's a good Christian graduation  They can't blame us for the Christian Rabbi  Yeah, it actually works. It's very slow  Okay, so weak word try Wing works  Apparently, they said whip is up if you guys are interested in that toothbrush offer  Can you spam that can we get some spam on the clip? We got the wink now? We need the clip sniper?  can you come anyway got office would then you go to wink and  Go to wink comm trust you go to try wink calm  /h, three you get twenty bucks off your first order  de Beach if you order now and free shipping  Try Winx comm  H3 the bottle start at 13  Pop which is a really terrific deal if you guys know anything about wine because apparently it's more expensive than that usually  How about the how about that fur is going so bad man? I could like it then but uh I like it, okay  Okay, we got it guys. We got toothbrushes. We got wine  Thank you so much to our sponsors of Endow sound interesting it would mean a lot to us if you go try their product it  Helps support us a lot  How do we do that I screwing those up am I fucked? No my fire? I only care you know though  Let me plug it. So why your help hearing your expectations are too hot for the shows do it all it's a non  So just train wreck. I just I just love like the idea of like when whenever ah  Whenever I'm in the or thought well yeah yeah focus and people's attention  I just want to fucking hammer time. I want to be fucking awesome  The whole time is you're all you because I'm doing will get access, so when we get rup  I've just got an open mic, huh? I'll get it women why oh you're done. If you want it  Can you want to solo time okay? Why they honored you want to do? I want to be I want be on okay?  So here's what we're doing. We're not taking a break  I'm gonna go to you want this to be part of the show or you want to just entertain  Do you want us off the record on the wreck?  I'm giving you all options  Whatever you want where there's any such thing is killing me to to but having to jump with us all yep  Also, if you want I can let you like look at chatting you can talk to them  So I'm gonna roll it I get that comment  I'm gonna roll out a little bit of a delay so they hear you so much, diva. They're fuckin they want it  They want my eyes out okay? They're begging for it, okay  Give it 60 seconds because I need you doing how many people do we have okay hold on. I'm Anna Rola  This is the talk about pissing on the red Carpet although. I did piss on the red carpet  I'm rolling this sad sad if I can you have two minutes where half the people can see you half can  umm  Two minutes where half the people here. We have can't  Why are we fucking half the people?  When taking half the people and just fucking that you're off, okay alright. I'll be back soon  Yeah, okay  Let me think here like I would I could respond to peeing in the red Carpet was pretty  Remember when you died that was funny man. Did you guys have mean people to of course you do?  Ignore those right, and I watch them reacting to negative comments with with ethan's parents  Okay, so now  What what can I say? I'm so impressed with?  with Ethan and Ela  I really really am and it's good that they're out of the room while while while I kiss their butts a little bit  When we did that that Youtube video where we cut my balls off?  it's  Incredible how much fuckin response there was and here's ireland you know we talked about all likes and I  Complained about how my following my youTube buzz like there's stingy with the likes and this and that like um  Fuck. I just want to give it give it up to you guys for being such dope fans of  H3 and and if you're fans of mine, and show that love if you happen to be in  Denver or  Tempe, Arizona  Which is adjacent to Phoenix I?  will be in your your  spots coming up  first week of july in  Denver second week of july in  Tempe, so now  For that gratuitous plug. I should I should cough up something on I  Should cough up something something salacious and juicy  Hmm  Hmm  pissing on the red carpet, but I'm still thinking about that it is so dark and depressing like  When we finish making jackass 2 and this is going back what 11 years now?  fuck it's about 11 years and uh  that movie was that that right there is the best jackass movie no question  Like a certain jackass 3 made a lot more money  And it was good. It's great and had the phantom camera with the super Slow-mo  And nobody had even seen that before the technology with the 3D and the super Slow-mo made  jackass 3d very special, but the masterpiece was jackass number two that second movie was  Masterpiece and when it came out, I thought my life came to an end  I was like you know what no matter what I do after this point. Nothing is ever going to be as big of a deal?  Nothing's ever going to be as badass nothing's going to ever be so impressive  And so the rest of my life is just going to be just a downward  depressing fucking slide Towards Oblivion and  I showed up that premiere for that that second jackass movie was just this  Dark  Fucking my life is over, and I was so mad at that red carpet because it represented like the end of my fuckin  Livelihood it represented like the peak from which everything was going to be downhill and I was just so mad at it  and I pulled out my dick, and I pissed all over it right in front of my  four-Year-old niece she was four at the time and standing out on the red carpet watching me piss with my  Dick and my dad was like what the fuck are you doing and I told my dad?  Goddamnit, Dad is my red Carpet. I'll piss on it. If I want. Oh excellent. I'm crashing. I'll be back I  Think it's a pretty engaging story that I'm telling and if there isn't Moral to it  What?  Yeah, of course if there's a moral to it. I think that it's important that  We be careful about passing judgment on ours Joe Rogan told me. I want to said man  I feel I'll never outdo my first podcaster the last one. I did. He said you don't ever try to compete with yourself  you know ah  Yeah, now there's been 11 years since that second jackass movie fuck man like not everything  I've done has been bigger. They're better or more impressive, but but  Shit, I have grown up man. I no longer feel like I'm going to be dead imminently  You know I learned how to dare look back and back then man. I was so  fucking  douchey not that I'm not douchey now, but  fuck I've grown up so much and then so many ways have improved so much and  I've learned I think I think I can say that I've learned that  the even if the popularity of of Steve-O is  Not not what it used to be that that doesn't mean that my life is miserable. Oh, you're fucking metonic off  You know I'm a ton of cotton out there. Yeah  Right right and and I'm just expressing gratitude for you guys  For you guys. I am I'm so impressed with you guys  I'm going to think about it because I'm talking to a million people right now  If they're if I'm not talking to a million people right now  I'm still talking to a million people yeah fucking million people listen to this  I'm back for the one okay good. So now we're now is now, so it's the feat shot. Damn. You know what you're doing  There's like at least 10 guys jerking off at your feet, right?  Yeah, I don't know I didn't just want you to be aware of that. I think it's pretty dope  now I  and I be maybe one of them like I  Had a special a special little solo time with the audience. There's how I thought it up  This is one advice start with a lot of gratitude and butt-kissing towards you guys  Thank you, okay, when I went into I went into somebody mentioned this red carpet and pissing on it, and I really I really  Pulled back the layers of the Philosophy and the dark depression, and I culminated in an n, hopeful message  What was it what? I wanted to like really repurchase. I will go back and watch that guy's number two  I felt like was our masterpiece and that when it came out  I was ago my the rest of my life is downhill from there  So you felt I did and I want to shut up at that at that premiere  I was just mad at the red carpet  I was like this red carpet just signifies and my peeking out point where everything's downhill if you feel that way  I don't know. I was just like I  understand the feeling I think  We can ever outdo that  I got that all good so big it was so good and so big there was never supposed to be another movie after that  Successful it was depressing yeah, because how do you fall?  I just like I can never I could never be it's like when people win, the Olympics, bro  You know when people win a medley like I know a bunch of people from having gone to the university of Miami. Oriole Olympic athletes  Briley's Olympic hopefuls and I  Train their whole life for it now the the only thing it took a one of my best friends  Brian Gillooly this guy won like ten consecutive junior National titles are never going to be outdone and  and when when he  Turned 18 he went to his first senior nationals  Qualified first place won first Place Brian Galloway 18 years old senior National diving Champion before scores Ribbon up they knew erupted so hard  And and that was in 1994 However the Atlanta Olympics were in 96  so he went full scholarship to the university of Miami in in 1994 and  met me  right and like  We know sorry I met him in 95. I met him in 95 and mostly in 96 we really broke down and  He just became a rock star man. He was the fucking full scholarship. I'm team universe Suntan you  He's the guy on the view now  started partying so I can he did it and make the olympic student he got at Olympic trials and in  Atlanta he got the best dive of the day  He was not one of the two people that went to go dive on the 10-meter  And so it was like this incredible career  And you would think that was the most upset of him the most upsetting thing that could ever happen to  train your whole life in the Olympics and then not go when in fact  What proved to be the worst thing was our buddy Scott Dhoni who did go to Atlanta?  And he got a fucking medal  and then there it was and when they put that metal they fucking I was like they hung the end of his life around a  Phoenix, that's what it is only try. That's the Moral of story  They put in every track where it's a mirror from zero, just given. I mean dude  I got goose bumps man like the idea of like they pushing a medal around if you had a horrifying thing it's like  It's like here you go. I'm hanging this medal around your neck like it's all downhill from here nothing will ever be that  I don't like that you'll never leave  Pessimistic what I can to kind of s is mine  But I understand our homeboy Scott Dhoni lost his fuckin mind  My homeboy Brian Galilee is the head coach of the university of Florida dive team so I can he's great man  I just talked to another days guy  He's got a girlfriend. He loves and we both have like healthy relationships now and like so it didn't cross  Looking back like when you were on the red carpet, and you're like  It's all don't matter what I might get I was pissing with my dick  On the red carpet in front of my four-Year-old niece here who came out?  was my sister and my dad my dad's like we  bring your family or did you know you were going to do that was like a  Specialized in say with my family. I've always been there like us. I'm done with this to like I know Steve  Well, I mean my dad was like. What do you do my dad was shocked and appalled and a fellow that's fun  That's a fair. They say it's like. I said what the fuck you doing here. Hit me so what you doing  I said Dad it's my red carpet. I'll piss on it  If I want you know the bless went out of control man, so so right  I'm like I like I like you've got this like healthy kind of mentality  And you're just like wait wait like achievement like so you don't see that. You know you're just not programmed that way  Like I don't know if I look - oh, it's in there when you have for example  It's not even close to confined to that but like for example when we had like a really big video  Go viral all of a sudden, and then we had that feeling of like how do you make the next really right?  Oh, definitely. I like Subpar. We've been there  I'll never make a video as good as this yeah, but it doesn't really discourage me so much. I don't know it's like friend  It's a different thing because on YouTube  It's like you just keep chugging right, and this is this is literally no more, jackass right. This is the hopeful  you know one of my solo time, and I brought it to like this hopeful message because  You know and look like I was 11 years ago and and and you know  Fuck like how much have I done that was that bigger impressive  You know like I could like in the guards in a downhill slide  but but over the last 11 years I've grown up in a lot of meaningful ways right like I've  become a much better person like overall I like I have grown as a person and so it is important to  Just like proverbial speaking. There's more achievements right then just like maybe an attention whoring then I mean, that's and one  That's like this way to look at it. I'm a professional attention  Whore are we all right in a way, and I don't think of that as a bad thing  But just like I think I'm a good attention whore. You're a great one  I'm good at writing on Clark as I love and I love when you're looking for my attention. It's like oh man  I want I want to wash through with this guy's up to iron the worst ones are the ones from like I don't want to  Watch this but I but they're in my fucking face right that was the best. You're right. You're one of the good  I think that like I pride myself in particularly with podcasts for for being a pretty strong  Podcast guess I think when people say ah steve as I know I kind of dude  It's going to be dealt well first of all you fuck you've probably seen and done more shit than almost everybody who's ever lived  Well, I appreciate that. I mean you just have had such an interesting life. I'm good  I don't litter it about about making shit notable over the years so let's bash on some people. Let's fuck  Let's let them have it so okay  Cool a die. We got Jack a little bit and the beginner  Talking about how when Stevo came over to our house for the first time right?  We're talking a genetics right right and and I typed I told you I told you a story  And you were like oh my God said on my podcast now. I don't want to fucking burn any bridges  You know I will just say I'm not gonna bend you're you're not very thick fine  I just got I'll say this but there are some some youtube personalities  at One point  That I was trying to make a video with and words a tall order hairdo and and they're like oh, whoa  What would do this? We'll just fake it, and I was like good  What I was like, what the NnI was and I was like stop  I got serious and I was like look let's be fucking very clear like if I fake  One fuckin thing if I go and put out one fuckin thing and then to be clear by definition this presumes to be real  Right cuz you can put things that is mostly big nothing. Yeah, it's one  it's when you're trying to pull the wool over your viewers eyes are deceiving your audience exactly by  Presenting something as real when it is not, and if I said if I do that so much is one fucking time  Then everything I've ever done in my career  Will come into class or intelligence that was super great thought everything  I've ever done and I'm waiting about faking prank system  so you had only went so hard and you know like I've cared so much about my legacy had cared so much about  About my art. Yes that to have everything come into question. There's just no fuck away. I was like  I said this is like and it think that  Without me like having to name names  I think that with your help  Particularly you guys that anybody who's out there and thought that they could get away with presenting things as real which were not  Have subsequently been fucking out it  I think they you can't get away with that absolutely and they were getting away with it for the longest time  right started doing YouTube videos  Nobody was watching us for like year  Yeah  And all the shit that was super popular at that time when we first thought about doing YouTube was  pranks that was like the huge thing on YouTube at that time and  They were all just fake not only were they fake. They were super toxic  They were all like pranks in the hood or gold digger prank right where they're like the world is ugly  And it's a fucked up place and black people are violent and women are just money hungry  It's like really not right like they're kinda headed right that wasn't an accurate restaurant  So was not only just fake for me  That was only a part of it  But it really pissed me off was like- baby that the world is like. Yeah like words matter types  Yeah, right. No that was the shit that really said me. I think that like looking back. I've read some articles  They're evidence from whatever I seen some stuff talking about  About like the Sort of YouTube prank you know  phenomena or whatever and how like they really in some of the cases just totally missed the Mark and  Had and I've seen people compared to jackass  where  They all even just say like oh my god. I'm tremendously proud of the jackass legacy in that we were  never  Mean-spirited you know my hard luck in love though Target  We target ourselves, and we would have used people, but we would never target people in a mean way, and that's so common  That's why you guys were so inspiring right?  I think that we were role models only in a weird way fucking maniacs absolutely crazy fucking maniac  Self-destructive like you know arguably fucking not a good influence  but we were not the spirit of what we were doing was was, so  Uplifting really. I mean look I've lived with rage of a couple of kids having fun  We would not mean two people and I think that that head of everything to do with like that  You know I could cross that line and I certainly have I had plenty but but the creators of Jack Houston  Where spike Jonze um that fucking I john him so much every man Johnny, Knoxville?  And they're like creative visions. They may just so presented of like wait hold on. That's dark. You know that buddy  That's dark, or that's me and like and they just kept it really you know  And I just really rad back then I think it took a lot of foresight and presence of mind and intelligence to be like  Let's make sure that were the jokes always on us right now  I had a thing and I posted a video, and it was really was a super well received  I was uh we're at the beach in San Diego and  There's just you know like a tick to to leave the beach you go up all these spiraling starck  Staircases right and and and halfway up as a shower so my buddy's showering, and I'm on the level above him. I'm looking down  I'm like I could just fucking pull out my dick and piss on do we need to know you know  He's like and he just wouldn't even know  He said I could piss all over there be hilarious, and then also I thought oh, whoa. This is great  About a prank where I go around pissing on people  Yeah, yeah, yeah right problem, but just whenever but that's something and that figured it out. I was like okay  you know legal to it for their strangers right, but  but I was I  Was going so quickly they have is this thing called the whiz inator  Where it's like if you're if you want to pass a drug test?  You can go in there ticket. It's a fucking  fake like A  Prosthetics Ghetto I've heard about that looks exactly like a dick it's connected to a bag you can warm it up  and you consider stuff there if you're  If your parole up have you ever used that like for real right now for real bird was going on?  But I went to I went to like the bond shop like the head shop, and I bought myself  It's called a whiz inator and and so I'm like a kid, so I filled it with warm water  And start and then in the beginning of my video, I'm like I'm like this is not my dick Jordan's, right?  I've learned it better, but sure it wasn't my dick. Yeah, it looks it looks, so  It's so exactly it's designed so that your probation officer can look at your deck and make sure that the pizzica mandatory that in fact  It's not exactly and so I'll faltering the show by the way just for the record, right?  So when I went to uh to the beach, it's like hidden cameras law Mike and like dudes who were?  like sleeping child look and I just know I just when I just went up to the and  Fuckin uh and just like with it. What's the whizz nate and I squirted warm water like on their foot, right?  I'm sure they would wake up and they would freak out  they see a dick and like you know and I'd like did you ever get like the  Videos on there, and it's called the golden shower creme no-one ever try to fuck you up from that  No, I couldn't wrap the video until I did - like a muscle dude, okay?  Yeah, of course and and descent my experience was that everyone woke up and they were initially shocked  They're scared they back off, and then they took like a second look and they were like oh, that's evil, okay  And it was like I got away with it my God  They were a good away the fact that they knew you don't I keep going die  Thank God. They got me out. They were like and then at the end  Oh my God like I was and thank I didn't just go and put out and go on up to like small dudes  I did it like a real big like military muscle man, dude, and I fucked in the guy got up  And he's like everywhere, and he's like take off your glasses, and I'm sure he's telling me take off my glasses  He can punch me and to my credit. I stood there and took them off the yet here  It is but not the my whole point with it  Is that as I as I do regularly a lot of the time I'll run something by Knoxville. You know name is spike  You know like I'll send it to guys be like hey, you know. I can't get it. Give me notes on this before  I put it out and knock so is super not down  This is the golden shower prank because it's a little mean yeah  Hello, main. Spirit, because you're pranking other people right and and my argument with him  About my outside see I get it  But the thing is that like the the twist of it all it's so it's it's so like water it  I got it's only of course. It's on the water and when people  Went like when there's a whole like unexpected. Oh my God, you're steve-o a lot is great  They're giving me hugs everything it really made it light  You know I made it light and then at the end like I went up so I did I  Really rolled the dice with a huge guy. He made me take off my shirt to him thinking oh my God  I'm about to get me wet out there when me take off my shirt  And I turn around then once he saw my bag tetras like you fuckers. I wanted to buy a kill huge  So it's a prank only Steve-o can do I guess I some it's some bad guy  but that way when I think of that line  And how would see Youtube and knock so said I'm not back in it, and I was like you know. I think it's white  it's light enough that I'm going to run with it and  And there's somehow on YouTube not there's just not that  Sensibility in place because there was no comment. I mean, I'm not going to read comments  I came and speak for comment, but the like ratio  did I get back a like so sure right Mike's versus dislikes it the Golden shower prank was like at the  Top pathway this is on your youtube yeah. Oh guys could hit up to go on shower  Let's drop some likes on that ah do you john something looks good  Actually, let's watch that you want to watch it. Go for it dude  Is that constitute a break nope? Oh, it doesn't do you want a break? I mean I don't I don't want to  Watch it whenever to go. I like watching stuff, and then we can not even watch it together and comment on it, okay  How about that, but don't let me know if you need to go back for some shit you bri. What are you golden shower prank?  Go they can see this oh yeah  I haven't done pranks in some time, but this is like a perfect like fake YouTube prank like if some prankster  Did this it would definitely be fake well right, but I never presented it as as well  It was real - oh you knew they would put there was they'd set up the guy oh  God  Haha, yeah exactly staged a reaction. I really remembered it with an actor pretend to be a milk  How did you fill in your first all that stuff like all these pranksters?  pranksters doing all the fake pranks and blowing it up 30 million is that we love they were on like I remember back in the  Day they're all in like news channels and shit. Yeah  They were was a year of the prank it was it like 13, or 14 it was 14  I think yeah when I launched my channel in  2013 because God I die. I was sitting on my idea for my first prank for so long  for years, I had the idea to  To pour into a condom like dishwasher detergent that looks like cum  Oh, God this fuck and and like have a use rubber  And then I went walking around in public and people would say oh no  It's people can I get a phone? I'll be like of course man and do check it out. I  Love and I pull out the condom and I determined that people want to get a fucking photo  With some of it somebody who they recognize some TV show man like I'm handing like hoes versa  Yeah, how do you hold it remaining? You know and dude this is rabbit lose Robert. I love you  It's like neville. I love where your prank minds at because you're like. I'm famous now  I can step my pranks up to the next level and is this I I mean I wish there like I did it again  I personally the the condom one and my very few people were fazed at all like oh yeah, cool, no  No, what do you do though you confronted with the dirty. I almost like a  Lion that was that was the first?  Things as well it was not very fun person  By the way guys if you're not acquainted with what Steve-o's Youtube channel check it out. There's honestly amazing content there  here's my biggest beef with Youtube right and I'm just so fucking mad about this right is that is that not just the  Algorithm not not YouTube as  An institution but but really the mentality of the Youtube audience is to reward  frequency and  Punish yeah in frequency, and so it's like when I went when I put and I approach it my mentality is  Like okay. I don't want to I don't want to put anything out unless I really think it's top notch you know  I was right I would not want to  Insult my audience with with like quantity over quality and so on so as since I started my channel in  2013 I had posted in the beginning it was closer to every two weeks, but and with no real regularity and  Now it's like every like two months. You know months. I've done drop is all your fault good, and it's not the fans  It's Youtube's algorithm first of all favors frequency, okay?  But I think and also it is the audience to be gotten  It's the audience as well as I said because it's a different experience. They want something to watch like I wanted to be there  Rapinoe of YouTube  I don't know if I would blame I see this is what youtube so insidious because they fuck with your shit  And you don't know if it's them or not you end up blaming yourself, or you're like man. What's going on?  It's confusing, but I'll tell you what pranks are not popular in usual. I meant the pranks shit. They don't dude  I  Really think indeed why to go and tell these like ancient?  Jack Astor's when like there's the current stuff on my mind that I wanted to bring them. There's one thing  I thought I had like a little mental list of things to talk about yeah, and the one thing  there's two things that fucking piss me off, and I hate that even bring it up and because  The people I really genuinely like who are culprits of this fucking crime better fair  You know people generally like guys are doing this thing that irks me okay?  Fucking like I love it  What is I gotta know like that way?  artificial positivity oh  Natalie, then I laughs damn it that is an epidemic on you right now  It's just like my workload comes  Come high returns to normal more because I'm not into that  But just like this ayat by the way is a bunch of the kids invention small more. There's a bunch  He's where he sells hats this is smile more  People walk in their sleep some people walk around but just credit ease in doing that that's been a deal for laundry. I thought  It's just like oh guys  Your dreams can if you just dream and believe and it's like I mean I  Get it I get it and if anything like hey man like I'm a strong believer that  There's really no such thing as luck luck is just when Prep the projects when preparation meets opportunity  You know if you're prepared then when an opportunity presented out there enough amount of time, right?  I've said that and I believe I believe in I believe in in and in front dreams like a dream is sort of  Organized to my right. You know in like way more like news  When you have in fucking a dream a dream is a goal with no fucking  Elbow grease you know a goal is a dream with the fucking actual right action route your own taking place  I'm all about all that positive shit  It's just that when people yes  If you can so that people are thinking are man like how am I going to get more like yeah?  How am I gonna get one bikes how might you know engage it let me just fucking put on some like oh  We're fake and the people he'll sell it. I feel like our miserable generally yeah, and it's just it's just pedaling too  You know what I don't agree  I don't get that fans who actually believe it right, okay?  And before I ask people guess let me say at least if you're gonna put if you can have this sort of this is  uplifting  Saying I mean I was deliberately trying to be uplifting  I said I had this nihilist limited things coming down here  But there's an honest way to do it in a really grads or have it have it be  Pertinent to what have the message be built into what so that it makes sense?  It pertains to what's going on  Don't have a fucking picture of you stand in there, and then some caption that goes on about fucking  positivity and like you know how to and and one other thing and there's  Two people I can think of who are who are so dear to me, but this is going to break my heart?  I know, what a little isn't it let's go  Please stop fucking jumping on trampolines and fuckin stupid. I don't care why do you put on the fuck?  What are you hannibal you say together?  Yeah, have you never seen more bees on a trampoline?  Or beam on trampolines you ready. It's fun. Another candidate. No, I mean  you even  Care why your brother I see all I want to know it. I'm already a fitness swimming pool. That's all I  Cart did okay. I wrote a movie script right? I'm really excited. I'm alright so it's thrilled about the description. I had one scene  One scene that that was really a big scene, and it took place at a state fair  And I was thinking ah man like if I'm going to be at a state fair really need to  Do stunts on like a Ferris wheel or a roller coaster sound like big epic like thing  And I'm not taking advantage of it  I think it's going to be explained  Seven and and it's just hard stars like I gotta let go to the state fair  and then I thought about my buddy for my circus days who is he was a  boss clown in the Ringling Circus  And he was like the the you know what about one of the administrators of clown college  And he became the ringmaster of this great circus that has no animals, and he should go see it at photos Mostly in California  It's called Circus Vargas, and I was like I'll cool man like I could switch this hand from State fair to Circus  I just looked up at google. It's a circus Vargas it happened to be in fucking burbank that night  So my scriptwriter, and I was like dude fuck what come on  we're going to the circus so we went to just like scope everything out and looked everything and  This is fucking so killer like you know. I'm like okay, so because in the movie. I'm running from running from the law and  And so it's like I get to the you know I get to this circus where the guys you know whatever. I'm hitchhiking woods  He's got to go there  I come out the cops chased me into the big ten and then fucking motorcycles are driving around the  globe of death and the Cops are chasing me and so I'm like fuck and I go climb up into the rigging of the  Fucking of the actual big top you know and I we went around I went backstage  I was like the behind everything I figured it out that I can actually is  Logistically make sense I can climb up into the rigging  And the cops come about me and so I try to go across a high wire and I even saw theoretical planning for you  Oh, yeah  But you know it all and it all like works logistically two sheets are made I made some fact-check and then figure out another research  So I try to go across the high wire to get from away from the cops by a fall and you know  and I'd crawl across then go up into the rigging and  Further up into the rigging and there's like a hatch to come out where the tent pole is right  You know how to do the piece of it? Yeah?  so I can come out of the to get away from the cops crawl inside the tent where I climb up out of the  Time on top of thing and I jump up and slide off the whole fun binge in shit  Yes line off  The whole thing and fuck can eat shit on the ground and then and then fuck and now I'm outside  so I've got like a real bona fide head start away from the cops and  Then like the first trailer, I'm like oh, I got hide the first trailer going to is the clown's dressing room  and we've established me as a guy who is a  History the character, I wrote who I play is also a clown so what I get is on truth  So then so then I thought again, I'm in the clowns with him  And I fucking make myself into a clown right come out on face to face with the fucking head investigator. Cop  Who's trying to find me that he holds up a picture of his have you seen this guy?  and I'm like please to shake my head like now and so whatever the thing was a  thing like that had my vision for Thomas story and gratuitously like promoting my  Authority let go more class  And I participated in there and participating as I watched the show like I and then fuck  I love I've seen circus Vargas come  every year like I think three of the last four years or I  Don't know. I believe it every year was it about the circus that you love I've never been to the circus  Never occurred to me that I wanted to be a clown  It was just I wanted to be a stuntman and I was the way and I thought if I could go to clown college  I would be a trained service  Professional that would help me so for those of you who don't know and I find it's just one of the many fascinating things that  I've learned about you. Is that you went to clown college. I went to ringling Brothers and Barnum Bailey put me  Oliver yeah, I didn't know everything I thought it was harder to get into clown college than Harvard  All right, but no so now I'm at Circus Vargas, and this is only a couple months ago if that and had trampoline act  Right at a fucking train way back and these world-class  motherfuckers these world-class  fucking at just the level of  Acrobatic fucking ability and mind you like the circus Community just would  There's no way that they would want to be on YouTube because then you can see it on YouTube  I would go buy a ticket and go to the circus  Yeah, so they're trying to avoid and I'm just thinking in my mind to compare these fucking people with oh  This time we put we this time we put corn flakes on the fucking trampolines  Invested oh yeah, I'm like well. I'm just I'm like oh my God like like these fucking dis sure this trailer  Disrespecting the art this why me they're disrespecting and they get amused but did put the biggest crap outside  These fucking like quadruple  Twisting fucking triple pipe back flavor fucking going on and they're just every balance is is is  It's just incredible it's impressive and then though and then these these  Assholes flopping themselves onto a fucking trampoline that happens to have some shit light on it. I came iran has over both  What is please then into the Youtube audience stop in washing so I have this thing that?  So watch it says trampoline covered in some bullshit. You just don't like it  Watch it or trampoline, but isn't anyone you could be the biggest consumers  Here's the thing about I have you though on you, you whenever you see something like that. You can't explain it  So stupid like who the fuck is watching this the answer is only and every time one thing kids I  Mean it was it was it was dope for a while, but now at this point. We have seen we trampolines covered in fucking shit  I  Actually haven't seen actually honestly. I haven't seen shit sounds like  It's um it's not well. Gee there's still there's an old territory to explore. It sounds like I won't make want to  try a new idea for Steve-o's you could go just  Lock it up that one ends the whole thing what shit is not brent friendly  So those guys are not going to do that right I would start to get another  Trampoline video with my homeboys the juice box is so deep to the trampoline to attune that guy to their credit my homeboy  jacked any of the Jig squad  Really?  Single-Handedly started the trampoline verses phenomena. Well I'm not mad at him for that  I'm just mad as everybody fucking a totally trying to wring out. What's the dumber?  I wanted reg to the Fuckin I the the last milk a yeah  I mean, it's ringing out every last drop out is on YouTube though every any time like the fidgets spinner shit, the  One of the most obscene ones was the heating up shit yeah the knife the knife look  I'm pretty proud of what I did with Jack Canada. I was like hey  Let's do something new with the champlain and we built it on to a fucking pickup truck  I saw that every guy can  Like like pretty high speed so I can move in pickup truck with the trampoline mounted onto it and bounced off of edge  I saw that you got in trouble with the police for that right? I did. I'm such a maniac. I'm such a fucking maniac  I'm on probation right how just for further  It wasn't that it wasn't that it was very gnarly in there. It may be 30 feet like a  Bipod between 25 jumps from an overpass into the river with the speed of the truck I  Didn't just fall down you can see in the video and exactly you're usbs  Odd Dih it is doing it landing on water made me bleed  There's only time my life that happened, but um and then the plea  How did it happen to please knock out on your ass for that right what this isn't saying is I'm on probation  From something I didn't do that one clearly where I climbed up a crane  She had a protest seaworld and be an attention whore  I brought later will killer whale up on this crane in like 80 firefighters 18  Cops a helicopter and a swat team all converged on the swat team, that's important, but yeah  We're gonna shoot your ass what they know you don't need that because I 150 feet up in the air on top of ugh  I love they are on probation for actually doing like activist shit right right? Well, it was like  It wasn't pure activism. It was attention whoring meets activist, okay?  That's nice reading a little touch of ration saving there exactly yeah, and I do believe in it so it's not itself  It's a sea world as fuck. No hasn't failed to be authentic  It was it was authentic, but so many kids if I if I get arrested for some bullshit  Then I'll violate my probation in my life will be  Arguably difficult, but I was like when I jumped up and trampling off the river bridge. I thought man  you know if ever there was a cool thing to violate my probation born this is it so I sent the video to  TMz. I was like hey guys. Here's this video. I'm liking it nobody seeing it  I'm not going to post it for a couple more days. So you guys can have like a 48 hour  exclusive for TMz if you want to run this video  And what makes it particularly like note notable?  And newsworthy is that it clearly constitutes a violation of my probation sorry eyes?  Set it to TMz with the footage and and told them like that. What makes it. What makes it  What makes it newsworthy is that it's totally against the law and should violate my pride tried  Violate my own information yeah like in Romania, and then as soon as I said that I was like what am I doing?  What do I know I'm not ya know yeah, all right? I'm like what am I doing?  I'm not this is bug crazy like well. I'm out of my mind and  thankfully the  the County in Florida where this happened  Determined that since nobody called it in and since like they did and and I forget what the name the County is  but it's like south of Tampa and  On the the west coast of Florida, and I went to the Twitter because I was copied in some things and go there investigating  Right and so I clicked their Twitter link  And it actually said on their header like their bio whatever for Twitter isn't there the this they are  mindful like as a  Whatever, you know a police department. They're mindful to not waste money of the taxpayers no no  And they're like this just isn't fucking worth it  That's a minute ago great this wonderful audit, so they said they said nobody fuckin called it in it wasn't fuckin worth our time  We just didn't nobody got hurt  We don't care yeah and and so that the thing was I was off the hook that's actually awesome. God bless them, right?  God bless saying I didn't understand that I thought they came after you, but turns out. They were very they did  they're been different things where they did come after me, but uh  Yeah, that was it. That was a particularly reckless case of me trying to violate my probation. I think that is pretty  I don't know about that combination  I'm suspended as far as to the you chose to message TMZ and also  I feel like everyone's like running away on them  Um based on their like such douchebags  Right well no when when Ryan dunne passed away, I mean, I saw that story how they run you up in the middle band  Right, and they're like right you know that your friend died, and you're like. I that I  That was shitty that was it sounds really shitty that was sure that was how I found out  And then my buddy died was because six o'clock in the morning my phone rang  I was totally asleep, and I woke up and they said hey, it's pansy I  Were calling for a comment? Can we get you to comment?  I'm your buddies debt and then and I just woke up to that like and I was like  Huh like what he's talking about and I was like no, I can't comment  You know and then I woke up and then sure enough that was the case  that was you should believe it at first like what was going through your head then uh I  Mean I I didn't  Want to believe it. I didn't like I  Don't know. I just like it was so just like you know ha and then churn out there was real and  That was a fucking piece of shit thing to do really you know it was a piece of shit way to handle that situation  but I  Don't know do I have beef with tansy for that or no, I think that my relationship with TMZ  Like I should say that's where I get my news  Really? I'm not yeah, I thought I got I wake up the morning timsy  I'm how do I go to tim's that's where I get my news like they are like like I'm there  absolutely piece of shit yeah people  right  There there, they are a piece of shit  Institution which does piece of shit things but with that said?  their  Journalistic integrity is sound they're true. They don't work  They do not like yeah, that's what I've heard really have journey broken some big stories actually a lot of it  They don't lied. They're like a tabloid  They are a piece of shit tabloids that has a virtually impeccable record a record for journalistic integrity  Insofar as reporting. What is true? Yeah? Yeah, so to that effect I  Believe everything I see on there is it appropriate is it spiritually like the High Road no  But but but but is like is there something compelling about learning of the misfortune of others absolutely bonus  Why do you if I watch you? So why do you think I watching you I?  Curate that's all we do man, right?  So you know it is what it is man, and I also I should say as a consumer of Media  that I  believe in I just I'm entertained by James ian, and it's factually correct and as a  manga of  media attention  It's a tool man, and if I've got something that that I did I  Like to take a couple days to edit my video  And so why wouldn't I give to give them a 48 hour head start and it's it's not exact you  You can't like hold a grudge against them  There's none of these things where it's like tons of pot and even even the the Ryan dunn debacle  It's different people making different choices. You know I held it personally against the one person who made that phone call  But I let that go a long time ago, and and I just it was a bad judgment call now in person  But I didn't hold that didn't hold that as a grunt  I just I remember seeing that clip of you talking about I found it fascinating  Just that whole situation was like so fucked, right?  Yeah, so just shitty right just almost hilariously shitty thing for shitty and here. We are  Fuckin  three days  Three days it was the anniversary of Ryan's death. Well the day. We're talking about was six years and three days ago wow  Yeah  That's crazy hat time flies almost seems like long and fought like short at the same time right. I heard about it  It's so fucking crazy at times wise man. You know I'm a boy. I've been clean and sober for nine Years now  I'll clap for that. Thanks Anna. I don't know that it's a  clap or  Something you know I heard someone make the distinction that they're not proud of their sobriety rather  They're grateful for it and I identify with that interesting well what what do you mean by that like well somebody like data  From dear friend of mine may be my favorite for the Sober guy  Who's an entertainment lawyer?  He's been sober for over 30 years  And he said that he went out to dinner with a woman  And mentioned that even so Bree said I don't know why I mentioned I just did and she said oh  Why you got to be so proud? He's not not proud. I'm grateful. So now I don't really come on  That's a big deal like to get pestering by like I really got to be proud. That's a big deal  Can I give you some credit? There's no, I'm not proud Rick said a few times  He said then I was sending finally to look yeah  How did how did he put it?  recently he said he said look being proud of an alcoholic for staying sober is like being proud of  A Cowboy with hemorrhoids for staying off a horse  The Cowboy was ready for the Cowboy who has hemorrhoids is grateful that he's managed to stay off the horse, right?  Grateful and grateful implies in some way that you don't take credit for it though  well yeah, and you know why should you do you feel like like you don't think  Thing about alcoholism, which is like like long proven many fuckin years ago  is that  the alcoholic of his own  like personal power  Cannot combat alcoholism. We cannot stay sober alone. I would try to do it on our own  We get loaded every time it's when we get together with other alcoholics  and we do it together and as it like a fellowship as a communities as  People help how we stay sober by helping other people get sober was that the drug do it?  We don't do it by ourselves, and so why would we take credit ourselves ah?  That makes sense right the community effort  We took that we cannot do it, but that's a beautiful and that is so important  It's important that you not try to do it by yourself. Okay. That actually that's only going to you. Yeah, dude. What's up dude?  I feel bad. I feel like bashing on the trampoline. Maybe people like back to the trip people might really you know if they like  Trampoline oh we're gonna triple it if there's come in if there's demand for it then trample me  All the trampoline videos on YouTube and I want you to smash that dyslexic guys  Let's talk more shit. What I'll see you later. What else do I hate um I?  think that you and I  You guys like I think taste of hate  I said I do and can we get can we give ourselves a pat on the back first like an  absolutely  eviscerating the part when you're five  Did you hear that aftermath of all that?  Lost their child for they're lifted about that. How did you feel about that?  Yeah My I had very conflicted - I don't think that  What we first of all we had you're saying you're saying that you have feelings of guilt for that  Oh, I'm conflicted about like is that a good thing or not. I don't think me and you hold any battles anyway  It was so plain first of all our  Approach to that was like very much in the spirit of jack us like you were saying like we weren't mean  I think we approached it in a really funny there was nothing comparable about jackass and what we did with Daddy of five  I mean in the spirit of nothing comparable about it because  jackass is something that uh that you contrived there or what they did is not comparable though of course that's  Saying the video that you and I made together it was a reaction video like I said we create something from scratch  And it's got its own premise or whatever it is  It's it's own thing like where as what what we did was way more journalistic. It's like okay now  Let's take some chicken, but everything's separate that is a sign tone and and and and what I mean is like to inherit  It wasn't it was next one  Expose we added them. We drew attention to something which is like black and white fucking rock. Yes  I would say that we passed judgment on it, but there is no genuine sedately so clearly yeah  I mean the attention of the video for me going in was to be funny. I didn't want to be like  Overbearing like the press like look I don't want people to go and that was why when you said  something that at the beginning of the podcast about where  We felt like it was going badly during yeah  Yeah, I expressed concern when we made the video like how do you I don't know if this kicks ass like  I'm worried like that. We didn't make a good good video, and you said, oh don't worry about it  I think that's where I came from is it yeah it was so it was serious subject that we were dealing with yeah  What is showing? I'm dark you had a so dark house. I caught me in that I felt like I wasn't funny  It's like oh yeah, that's why we were talking about childhood. Yes, you mean of course you weren't fun  You made that comment to me after we had busted the video right? I think it was on the phone, and you're like man  I realize finally why I felt like I couldn't be funny  We're watching actual child abuse comes and get things get there  I think I did a pretty good job right and so there is a big backlash for that  And of course it then that's great  I guess how do you feel child services came, and took their kids away, let me just say premise  I don't feel responsible at all for what happened  But how do you feel about them losing their kids and apparently I don't think that's a permanent situation where they lost their kids I?  Don't they went and lived with her mom who's apparently also a total loser piece of shit  Alcoholic lunatic would you I didn't what the beginning?  So they took the kids away from the dad who was making money on  YouTube they were making a good living and now we're really making that money yeah  They were I mean they're making an ominous a must ever for a family and fucking Arkansas whatever  They're you know yeah  Here's the kids went and moved in with their shit mom bigger a bigger picture  Question to ask. You know do I feel bad about that like  like no of course not because look at what they were look what they did the bigger question is  Like like how is it that for some people like a fuck up means the absolute end of you're done, and that's it  You're never coming back  And then there's Chris Brown cruz brothers first of all Chris Brown's a piece of shit and fuck that guy, why I?  Completely agree like I said I agree with you from our sensibilities are aligned but my question is Chris brown  I can't like like a he look what he did to Rihanna's fucking face  He dresses like he beat her nearly to death he'd be heard Fuckin man. There's no way  there's no he can like hit someone in the face that hard not to do some kind of branding that I was reading I was  Reading the police right and then and it was not an isolated incident where like are you can explain the rage?  I think there's been thing after thing after thing at the thing  Where it all points to the same fucking pattern of that just the kind of guy he is yet yet?  He why does it happen popularity people like him nobody gives a fuck about Daddy five  And he's gonna fucking not only does Chris brown continue to have like concerts in arenas extremely sick. He's more sense  He sells out Arena and Miami  I think that the the gender ratio at a Chris brown concert isn't is largely female yep?  When I first heard about a beautiful  I had no idea we were we're doing the reaction video to DJ khaled's first video and Chris Mom was in it  And I didn't know what for defeating it was yeah  Very first one with Chris brown that was before he should ever really maybe on a different one because I remember you  Have not everyone doing out about that. I was are you serious? Are you were the one who told me about fuck me  I'm pretty sure that's what I was going to say huh yeah, yeah  He's a total shit and the same year the same year daughters  Well anyway, my point was that I was shocked that that happened  And he still was making like really popular more popular than ever and I never even heard about the the whole thing  I just right. That's the same year. He should have Rihanna several months later  He was hosting and performing at the grammys right and people were applauding him  Right right, I mean and then what's it like mel gibson. What were you gonna? Say you said I shouldn't say this  I seduce baby. It's nothing particularly things just it was there to give up where I live that. I live good neighborhood  I move oh you live near Chris Brown Chris Brown  I had like this is in the summative you get your news from TMZ you would know that he famously was  Spray-Painting graffiti on his own house, okay. There's a big wall of his own house  He was spray-Painting in pretty talented artists right guys these monster characters  Apparently like I did  Terrified all the children neighbors are complaining with their kids live because he's scary monsters around and it was just unsightly and kid  Is the worst neighbor ever okay?  And I'm very very close into the same neighborhood at the point when I bought my house just over three years ago um  Chris Brown was in Jail and  Selling the house, so he was never there after I moved and got it, but I just have more of a oh my God  Right in the fuckin this particularly fucking pisses me off, and it's not a known fact about Chris Brown  He spent 50 thousand dollars at this old house  to build a fucking huge cage  Ostensibly to breed pit bulls. What a fucking loser  Brietta low like this thing ever like on it has been a dog fight it had Michael Vick written all over a dude  Okay, you doesn't know about dog fights so but to breed pippen and in just like many things I'm seeing if you're all the time  Because I go hiking around there, so you know about first of all this episode of sample with the cockfighting  Yeah, it's like this whole it used to be illegal  It's a total sociopath thing where they create fighting dogs to fight and kill each other in the ring and you bet on them  So it's extremely illegal now, but it still happens underground  It's like what you have to be a real sicko to get pleasure editor  Had that he probably doesn't not we should say that then we don't know you heard it here. You know you don't know  Absolute like reading reading people's and fighting pit bulls is  Something let's just say let's it like we're drawing the heart if you would you can't we can't arrive the good we're drawing a conclusion  Right whether is where there's no in our opinions that seems a likely conclusion from I would I would have  Suspicions. I would have a very efficient the imagining students like  Crystalline doug right. I mean I can't save her at all  We're like there's definite  But apparently like I don't know I can't see him was a doing that someone said he said I can tell this here just  And expenses I heard fifty thousand dollars to build this fucking ridiculous cage and as soon as you put dogs in into it  Apparently they just were crying so loud  oh, oh  and so perpetually non-stop applying the trying that it was just a misfire and then  Put them in there and and he couldn't keep him in there cooking and so this cage remains any of their been to  how to owners someone bought the house a dude and then that owner assaulted two trees and now owner who's a  woman right and  The entire interior of the house has the same graffiti  Like painted all these characters all over the walls in the house in the garage and I know for a fact that the first owner  Who bought it from him kept that Prison-like Kris pilon into the preserve? I don't know it's a woman who now lives in it have  Painted over to imagine. I right that's probably a repaint. I don't know no  I would have to imagine it as you kept it I'm really curious one of  thousands of women Criminals Christian, you're crazy  This house is so fucking tall it is so fucking tall that like to live in it  I can't believe the Chris brown put on any weight while I was living there because you got a little bit Chunky at one point  Didn't do you got in your gw brown you can't nothing good let me have a living stairs here  I'm going to show you guys Chris Brown's our fees, right?  No, I don't like I'm like yo see there's outside the house, and there's also inside the house if I'm buying a beautiful  And no, it's in a nice neighborhood. I'm not sure I want this a my  Adoring my oh I read where that I guess I was by the fucking out what I don't understand  I can either not it. That's not it. Okay. It's his house. You are said Chris proud not that's not his house  He died on things well. I mean here it's Brown house  You okay Chris Bosh's graffiti, but wires mount has Chris found houses old house, right?  Yeah, it is which was over to live the middle middle of the lamborghini right there?  Here yeah. Oh that's hideous right? Well, let me I look at  Something when done graffiti I don't get that one  It's good scare because the neighbors hate them because what's a rich white neighborhood probably it's not  Actually, that's the other than surprising is considering how like you sell that arenas in the house like you sold it pressing 1.5 million that  Looks like when there's a little bit too sensitive of the neighbors first of all I wouldn't complain  But you when you get into like these weird like rich upper class neighborhoods like it's just like some urban shit  Is east of the 101 Fes fuck its east of the 101 where Rio says way?  Less than really yeah, it's like I'm surprised  He didn't have a more expensive house  But the neighbors fucking hated him so much because at all hours of the night fucking parties  Which is like the whole roads just blah Honor cars parked and it's just her  Music and people were like people say like please please can you turn it down? He'd be like fuck you dude  Right why there's just one great story. You know J. Cole is now the famous rapper  And she doesn't see the interior the house so she has this interior  I'm like Olympic  but he has this story where he bought a house and like a nice suburb of La and  He was chilling mine in his own business and the fucking neighbors called the police because they said that he's selling drugs at his house  And so the police all raided his house without any evidence of it aha, so it's like just because they're an anxious eye  Trapper and like a nice manhood is immediately a drug dealer and right  I think that suspicion is real and neighborhoods like that. Well like there's no suspicion going on. Where you go?  Oh, it's very nice actually it's styled. It's not like all over the fucking place. I would keep it probably  I  Mean he's done did and let's give him props where he deserves and Chris brown can dance dude  I've never liked if  There's ever a point like where it came to my attention the crisper Chris Brown's getting a lot of play this podcast, right?  If ever if ever I came to visit there was a Chris brown fine like I said to be turned off  I can't name a single song I don't know well  He always does the same thing you I have seen him dance and it's fucking up. Yeah, you can dance  Yeah, and he's a little dangerous too. He's like  Oh, shit, dude  And his old banger and and she I would have drugs like a mother but do you know what people were saying after you beat?  The shit of Rihanna. They're like you can like that bitch should stop wanting. I'd let you beat me anytime like  That's great, but this I mean, it's it right  I think the women were the one kept sending them who else has been forgiven for just oh, yeah  Roman polanski was raping kids and now people still work with them  here's a great one that fucking drives me crazy Brian singer producer of the x files and atonic our  Admin sorry not exiled excellent. He's a producer and creator of a ton of shit ton of shit  There's a really good documentary has hung out with known  serial Pedophile child rapists  Okay, this guy has been known to hang out at these hollywood parties with underage kids on drugs with a fuck kids  Oh yeah, and he's still working in Hollywood everybody knows this guy. I mean, okay again. What's one of these alleged?  destroyed  He has a incredible resume on on  This shit. He's work, right?  Again, it's one of these  Situations where it's like allegedly, but these sensibilities like when when you call something out  I'm right there with it, but the thing I think we're perfectly aligned in our hatred for well, it's rational  It's like right you know right? It's not a mystery the internet police. Thanks Doug  Yeah I think you need good internet a better place  This guy really pissed me off this bryan singer guy let me tell you like by there's been a ton of accounts  He's at the parties. He's with these kids, and he's working with the biggest stars in the world are still working with him  It's the same thing with Polanski  What was the name of the documentary we saw I remember we all got yeah under that list  So the thing that's fascinating about woody allen if you guys don't know story. He was married to a woman and  They had together she had a thirteen-year-old or he didn't adopt him. She hadn't adopted Asian Chinese Mia farrow  It was hit was shirley affero adopted an Asian child. It was hand after he left  He left me affair and married his own his underage  Stepdaughter but here  So that should she was adopted so it's not I didn't know that but here's where that story guy thinks here's doctor. I don't know  That should alone like though that information is disgusting and weird as hell, but this is when it gets interesting for me  They stayed together right? I think they're still together so in a way. I'm like okay. There's something there was actually something there  Right truly like a people you know I like. I mean really they stayed if they stayed good for 50 years, right?  I mean not look at beauty and the beast the beast is fucking tough character root for yeah  I went to see that movie, and I was like wait a second. Why should I fuck this guy right?  It's a Chris brown situation guy starts out as a complete fucking asshole. No redeeming qualities come on  He's a little mountain and aftra turns into a beast. He's just still up spotting dick nothing or dangerous  This is kind of a deep analogy. What's going on here?  This is the Chris brown shit girls my monster that is  Terrifying but rich but rich and then even even when he kind of got a castle  That's all he has gone even when he comes around at the end and starts being kind of cool. It's very big grudge  He's very cool. Very he's bi. He's got a problem. He's a dead like I don't shoot yeah  He's the kind of guy. Who'd be like  I love you, baby, and then maybe you fucking serve dinner a little cold and you catch one on the fit chin right? Yeah  And then he's like my dinner serve local days  So the other way that documentary is called an open sick and open to an open secret family  It's the dude watching a movie about these producers and managers in Hollywood who are fucking kids?  talking about this guy bryan singer who are documentaries man this one is disturbing and fast for the longest time and I  Had a boycott against fiction  Citing that I thought there's so much about the world that I've heard oh yeah, right. I mean fuck  I want to be people are so ignorant you know. I'll take her Iii  Yeah, I'm ignorant. I want to learn about shit that actually happen  I don't have time to learn about shit that didn't by the way that's  Yeah, that's really I think a smart yeah, and it's really just as entertaining  So you might as well, but that's why I think but then I then I could Fuckin had a kindle  I was reading. I actually broke down as an exercise. I shall read a nonfiction  Book, and I got roped into and then I was like flagging it and then and then I got an iPad nesser watching breaking bad  It's been all addiction  What I mean, what's your favorite TV show I?  Would trust your judgment on a TV show so okay across across all genres  And let me say there when I when I tell you about your sense really  I mean, you know that's it will mean you look definitely guys are clearly a lot of like one press  We come together and decide these things isn't something you know right? This is a  Very serious about the absolutes like a quality TV show I'm going to say number one  Whoo I have an answer for this  But I'm curious what you going with the neck the neck the neck this is across all genres  I don't know what the neck my God like the knicks of kids. I have short furred Knickerbocker hospital  This is a fucking period Piece drama set it's a drunken turn-of-the-century our  1900  Partially based on on true events as they as in in the year 1900 there  they were just experimenting with what are now commonplace medical procedures, but to trial and error like the  Modern medicine is going to be this and sort of become shaping. There's like it's fucking fascinating  It's fucking it's so good is it an issue? I can't believe it  Wasn't more like an insanely popular nick to to more such it. Yeah  There's two seasons fucking incredible so my I think our favorite like dramatic  Show is probably the wire I couldn't do it man is my dark sauce try again. So I'll try again. Everybody was show. No, I  made like Five I  Restarted that show many times yeah  I was so pissed because I'm like how can the lead fuckin accurate struggle with English so much if he's from Baltimore  Why the guys I can barely be able to talk? I didn't have the predominate fucking guy  He's not Americans like what did imposter the first time we tried watching it. I didn't understand anything, and I was like all done  I'm not watching it by the way. We started over and we watched it with English subtitles  Yeah, that's actually it really helps it is dialogue. So yeah, it is really like reading a book you know stringer  Bell you remember that character. He's like this gnArly Brooklyn fucking Hampton black guy  We are not on the same page, okay? Well trust this news placing us other than let me try again. Okay, I?  Trust is not in this place. Well favorite show of all time is seinfeld. Yeah, okay  I'll back that they fridge drama of all time. It's a underwhelming you know it's for me  The Seinfeld was like the beautiful television  You know like you can't argue what I really enjoyed even though. It's slowed down in the middle was the young pope  I was enjoying that Ela made me turn it off. Oh yeah. Why she wasn't into it?  She was Aikido down in the middle  But probably because it just come all the it all just came together for the most fantastic end  I didn't yeah, I may in like three Eps, and I was starting to get into eels like turn this shit off  See that she hit me  Fastenal thank you imagine. They put this guy in place because I think they can control him, and then all of a sudden  It's Gonna tick yeah  I was really into it the frame was really interesting I can really and I read and I  Waited until I finished the the holes is the whole ceiling I wait until it's over  - because I didn't want to ruin anything with spoilers, but our whole time  I was watching I was thinking oh my god be at the end. They filmed this in  Vatican City like so much of it there on location making this which gotta be considered fucking ultimate blasphemous yet  the most this had to be the most fucking contrast and I was dying to research the backlash of  What is there did you look up and find out? And then what I what I did come to really read  I waited total when I  Googled Controversy Young Probe HbO and apparently  On the network that aired it in italy it was just so fucking insanely popular  and you tell me and it was and and  They said that the pope himself  was silent  About it. You know I didn't speak up one way or another  and the  guess Whatever like maybe  Speculated that  The pope was utterly pleased with it. The pope is Not-- we have a dope pope  Buzz there, there's a style of Evita  Dope oh, I'm do joseph come around those are the two shows  I'm a young punk and the nick like visually the fuck do with the budget sector  Oh, God  Yeah But what what great dramatic shows do we love you know what you'd why is the most?  Incredible shock that guy's been through like oh big transformations all throughout his career. He's one of those really interesting actors  Unbelievable yo I got to do this read really yes, let me just get this out here  You want it should we take and happy with that we should get into the spooks. Oh yeah, we'll get into that. Okay here  We go guys  I almost peed out okay here. We go here we go  You better be hot motherfucker. It should be guys today  I bring to you a gracious and wonderful sponsor who has supported our show and makes all this possible  Steve-o's come out here is a great guys blessed us with his presence here on this podcast today  And we thank our sponsors for that today  Steve-O's back we want to know  the black Tux  this is a really interesting service guys ok  You ever go you get into a wedding you're going to event you go to a bar, Mitzvah  Ok it's a nightmare. We lit. What's up? How we doing?  Okay, thanks sec. We're getting a little camera Justin. This is really important you  Go to a wedding you go to bar Mitzvah you go you have to go in and try on a suit  It's a nightmare you go you fit it you go you come back  It's and it's usually very expensive so what this company does the black tux  What's through Url?  black tux Calm Slash H3  Make it happen eula. So we still have minded. Oh, this is a really cool service  Where you basically go on their website you choose a tux you like you choose the size they send it to you  Well before your event and then you get to try it on  If it doesn't fit if you don't like the style you send it back, and they give you a new style for free, okay?  Six and we have it here yeah, I've got it. Let me I've got the whole thing here  Let me show you guys so and it's it starts at  $95 and that is honestly super affordable if you guys have ever rented or bought suits that shake  It's pricey is out up to 1,200 bucks. That's what they wrote. I can't confirm or deny that  They haven't been that experienced in my they haven't been that expensive my agent  We all wear Sandals even tech idea, but regardless 95 bucks is a pretty slammin deal for for a tuxedo  So this jacket is actually feels really quality. How do I look all right the black tux  calm Slash  H3 check me out okay. They send you the jacket  the shirt  the Pants  The shoes my God I'm ready environments for today. I want to get bar mitzvahed again  Low side even it sucks. I mean come on 95 bucks right you get it. You choose your style  You work with their customer service within this one? I don't know something let me see that oh is it an empty box  This is important to this boss  Let me see the bowtie you want with the Bowtie Army  There's so much stuff in here  Anyway, it's a grit. It's honestly a great thing here. It's a really useful convenient service  If you go to the black tux comm H3 you get $20 off your purchase today?  So if you have that special day come up bar Mitzvah. I don't know why I keep going back to bar, Mitzvah  That makes sense to me. I'm a my imagination everybody's  everyone's headed to a bar, Mitzvah  Okay, looks like their site has not crashed it so top of the morning to you  So anyway, where's the bow tied?  How's the food I just at it. Oh there? Oh, it's under my okay?  and guys best of all  the most compelling thing of this offer, the  Thing that makes this all pop  the Bowtie  Cops pretty hot kid anyway. We're ready for bar. Mitzvah. Oh my honey. My is it my bar Mitzvah or my  Entertainer I  Don't know anyway you get that it tightens. That's okay, so guys thank you to the sponsor  A-plus with free home try on you can see the fit. Yes, I said that  Anyway, it's a really cool service. There's a ton of different styles. It's Sleek. It's modern  you guys know so thanks for sponsoring us guys if you have an event coming up made a lot if you go try out their  service  You might love it. You're probably right, and you'll support us as well  got  Got them, okay  Cuz I showed you that  Cool everyone was saying that you look about I like jacked go to the black tux calm Slash H3 and you look jacked like me  Cool  Alright. Thanks guys for hanging out. Do you want to do solo time?  I'm going to take a break through the bathroom get some coffee. How do you want some salt? I'm so here  We're bringing you back some soil time with your boy  Is I've and are you guys beyond the solo shit? Oh God are you can I think that's all they want  I love that shit you guys can out we get a whale in the chat just so we can visually see  The solo appreciation here it comes solo  There it goes oh  They want ghost stories. We'll get into the ghost drawers when we get back  We got ways we got yeses they don't care about a trooper. Yeah, they don't care about I mean we have a higher number  Yeah, it's a good usual. It's a good turnout  How are you doing right now great? Are we are we over 15 k we've held 15k pretty pretty strong. Which is really good  Yeah, yeah  The real cuz eating into the territory of the longer podcast how long have we been going?  Actually, it's two to three hours, okay. I have no. Yes  how are they going to tell you two and a half owns two and a half this is definitely caso analytics tells you the  Your retention rate, so on YouTube we have that info  But the real test is on Youtube which I think this is the average viewing time we'll repealed you're so technical  Yeah, what's going on here? We are getting my shit. Well, you know I'm just curious  it's not about marketing your shit about me wanting to believe that I'm holding a  Stronger retention rate than the average podcast that I am at you ollie, you know I'm going to crush the number  I'm gonna crunch the numbers and if it's bad I'll lie to you  It's Gonna be great come on  You know this is I'm sure many people have pointed out that this is exactly like howard stern  I totally ripped it off. Yeah, I will when we when we had our set designer here, I said  Well howard was like my inspiration for the show not really  podcasts my dream was to have more acts and more stuff going on which I think we can build up to but I says  Ripoff Howard's set as much as possible because I think I got the best set  Of the letter the font is the same I'm a huge Fuckin howard. Yeah  Yeah, my dad is like upset you listen to it on the app  The Sirius app know who you're blowing it where else. Can you listen good though?  thing is they see if you listen to it streaming then  Whenever you stop the car ready listen when you're driving mostly, right?  So when you stop the car, then it continues to play so right guy the car you miss it. Oh yeah, Mr.  Chuck and then when you get back in the car odds are you're going to rehear a trunk  So there's going to be certain parts that you don't hear at all and other parts that you hear twice  Rehear now when you listen to the app and we put it in run-ins with your bluetooth?  That's very cool. Then when you stop the car. You know you stop the car  It pauses where you are so then when you get back in the car  It picks up immediately where you left off say you want to move in you miss nothing whatsoever  And you never hear anything twice and furthermore, then after Wednesday like you you're still stocked up  So you don't run out of howard. Don't run out of howard. Okay? I can't believe you were on you. I mean you  I was on howard like and in my life like I think 16 times wow yeah, so howard  Is like a you see a different deal I used to be on every way everyday  He wouldn't have these vacations all the time and it was frankly if you how old is he these days his eyes  He looks good. Oh seriously  Oh, he's got that old 63 a young man, so, but he's a legend on life is order  I can tell you like my personal belief is that  God, I just can't I can't go on you know like I only does three days a week  You know if I reach out to gary which I do very sparingly and really try to not waste anybody's time over there  And say oh, I got something to promote or can I get on nice to know the best?  I'm going to do is get on the wrap-up show  Which I always do what I'm hugely grateful to do. I'd love to be a part of them such a fan  I have my siri not all these is howard now. He does a lot less shows  The only three days a week, but since he went on America's got talent  This is only a theory but but people. It's big huge a list celebrity needs to be terrified to go on how wright has  Cancer interviewer because you have to ask questions about money  And answers to sexual should be hard it was too scary, so sorry a lot of people were afraid to go on there  And that's why I was so I've gone there talk about whatever pray right now. I'd like  But then I think that him going on I like how the therapy that he does in all this here  And he's become a more. I don't know like less scary to  Celebrity I think going on a gt had something to do that America's got talent  There's a judge often often didn't stop him up at more Mainstream  it made him more uh  Less scary, you know it may have been more family. So you think he's got like  More he's acting like a tireless like now. It's just straight up a list talk up a list Bonanza  Yeah, and and it's great. I think it's a combination of less shows and more interest  It is like there's less tated less sure it's harder to get on and there's more competition because now  Everybody wants to go on there. Did howard is fuckin crazy what he's achieved, and how like that has a  Entertainment. God it's crazy. Yeah, that's a real age. I'm a huge fan and props to you for paying homage  Yeah, yeah much, definitely  Idly admit an up that we just completely ripped off his studio. I'm like that  I'm not going to try to reinvent my studio design. I'm just gonna fucking ripoff howard. Reilly. Good science what they were doing  Well, it's pretty much just a fun. I'm a humble man in the game. I'm just getting ready to listen to Bill Burr  Bill Birnes Podcasters now, and I'm talking about bill burr as a guest on Howard  Week or two ago, okay?  That's a great combo so so yeah, I'm way behind. What was it?  I don't listen regularly my dad was a huge fan of howard. So I've listened through it through him, but I don't write  Okay, you know I'm pretty religious about  Crazy because I used to be on all the time  I never listen, and then I became a little super fan, and I they won't actually  Like Anna come on  You want to do some solo things you got the champion, okay? Give me a topic to delve into talk about  Talk I hate this because I miss the best part, but I'm going to use it anyway talk about that. I want to hell  Okay, death yeah talk about what do you wear your this I?  want to know how craziest things you've ever done on or off camera that  I'm buying weed in Jakarta  Like they kill you then I got my possession of marijuana is possible of all the shit. You've done it the crazy  Well, it's punishable by death  I can tell you the closest I've come to death which is totally anti-Climatic man Scuba diving  They told me the sharks are at the bottom. I'm sorry hall and asked for the bottom everybody's good with us  Wow, Dan Scuba diving's fun and scary man  I'll be back all right say yes all the time. I'll take some suggestion. See my best drug story  Oh my God, okay. I'll tell you oh  My God, this is fucked up get ready for a fucked up story. I used to do this in my live shows but  I determined that it just wasn't fucking funny. I'm  Gonna shut this door now, I  was so helplessly addicted to cocaine it was insane like if I ran out I would call this drug dealer and  I was waiting for a call from him. I'd be like just using my  Cell phone as a pillow so that when it  Vibrated like it would wake member be like oh. Yeah any drugs now if I went to  if I caught up the drug dealer, and if he didn't answer I  Would just fucking show up at his place. I would just go there look hot when I got to his place  I would I would try the door sometimes it was open and I would just walk in and  Sometimes it wasn't open and that was upsetting  This guy, okay this drug dealer  Wasn't just drug dealer  he's also like a hardcore addict when I can I'm talking about cocaine this guy would inject cocaine he would shoot up and  For some reason because I never injected anything  Some reason that I just don't understand about people who shoot up cocaine is that with their syringe?  They squirt their own blood all over the place. I mean this guy's apartment. It was off like this  On the walls even the fucking ceiling the furniture this motherfucker had just kissed with his syringes  Squirt all over the place blood so I and sometimes when I showed up  And I would walk in I'd find the guy like sitting there with like I was literally needles fucking hang on silk  It was hanging out of his neck one time in here sitting there, and I walked in he was like whoa. Oh, hey  What's up, Dana pull needle out of his neck like oh, hey. What's up, bro?  you know like I fuck it was gnarly and  Yeah, I did. Whatever I wouldn't judge him. It's like oh yeah, hey man  I'll be Gonna give me some coke I would buy like a bunch you know like  Todd so I can always buy like quite a lot and  So this one fucking time. I showed up his door was not I was it was locked  And I was open I walked in it wasn't in the living rooms in his back bedroom  it was like a guest house kind of deal and  It wasn't like an apartment, but it was is like the Guest house  He went like the back of someone's driveway, and then his musing in the back  And I walked in so he's in his bedroom in the back and like the dudes like he wasn't dead  Obviously like but he was not responsive. You know he was so hidden. I guess been awake for so many days  There's no fucking waking this guy up, and he's like. I'm like trying to wake him up yeah  I mean, I need fucking drugs. You know like he there's no getting this guy up, so  Fuck man like I just finally he's like, okay. Fuck. You know. He's just sleeping  So I was not going to get him up  so I went myself into his living room to the table where he would weigh out all his drugs and  There was from him weighing so this guy's sold so much fucking drugs that on the table itself there was just like a fucking  residue of Coke is built up, and I'm looking at it like I knew that if I took a card that I  That I could just I could scrape up like the gnarliest pile of cocaine. I just knew it  I'm just like I'm just going to God I want drugs, and I'm gonna fuck. I'm gonna go fucking help myself  I'm gonna Scribble, so now I go and I sit down at the table, and I'm looking at there's cocaine cocaine all over it  But like I said the motherfucker squirted his own blood everywhere  So it's like  cooking with blood  Like Splatters a thin like you know, and I'm like fuck  This is a terrible idea like there's this is fucking bad  and I'm like and I just start scraping up fucking cocaine and  Like I can exist ibly like in the pile and scraping like it. I can see specks of blood and  This is the this is how fucking bad I was addicted  Sad there and fucking snorted the motherfuckers blood dude. What the fuck?  Won't be on yeah, I hate asking for my craziest drug story  That was on my I wanted to ask you that well. I got the I watch the video drives dropped it  I watered it and Stevo literally said and I snorted his blood  I snorted the motherfuckers blood did oh my god. Oh my God see  I'm told I wrote about that story in my book. You know. I think it's like  I should say they go on Podcast all the time. I never fucking really promote shit like  you're you're right that I might have a fucking crazy life and  And I have not only a book the New York times bestseller and on top of this this is unheard of for a best-seller  The average customer rating on Amazon for my book is a full five out of five stars or you know partial stars  Well, if it's like a bona fide flaw on five star numerical Sl  It's called a professional idiot fortunately it available in Amazon  No, whatnot but fuck Amazon because good Amazon on my website. I oughta graduate coffee  uh rather every single Copy and like  Inelegant pledge stars yeah, and I am a lot of people they charge a lot for the merch on online like I  Got signatures tivo sunglasses for 18 bucks  That's actually pretty amazing, but it's not I got I got two shirts 20 bucks and uh I got I have autographed  Books like 25 bucks so I can fully autograph so what is your autograph? It's Steve-O calm  So if you guys want some Steve-o swag yeah  I heard up man get over there and fire that shit up way and uh yeah  So now like I talked about there's one element to this drug dealers story that I've never shared because it's fucked up  It's five let's hear it now. I'm intrigued me though and the guys the guy remains anonymous  I've never like I'd not been anybody would know him anyways like with drug dealers and a long time ago, but we both  Got sober right like I got sober first and then he starts showing up like in places. Where sober people go  At one point the guy essam at a place where sober people go I can't believe I'm about to fucking say this  it's like a guy uh  He says him in Kentucky and like closing sideways, but in private conversation, and he's like hey dee I know  That at one point. You snorted my blood I  Really missed the beginning person, but I'll go with you  I'ma fall yeah. He's like like this was years and years after the fact so who knows when but he was like like it  So I can I tell you it's like when we came up  hiv-positive it  He wasn't fucking with you. Nah, dude. What the fuck? How did you feel at that?  Why I didn't give a fuck because I had I had at that point. I already been clean and sober for years and  Like routinely fucking tested you know you were clean I've been tested for hiv so many times over and over  and and that's the thing about it is that  God what this habit?  Wait hold on that's an important detail  You didn't just snort blood you have to include a choice  Abroad one by the time the reason when the blood was there because the guy's an interviewer  And there's something about it fuck you snort is blood I  Need to know that  I'm not judging you're gonna have to watch your little white now black, and why did it go? Oh my God?  You guys get the best. I'm Gonna leave  Really the best most interesting shit goes down when I'm not in the room, right? Oh my God  that's what we're  talking about hiv and aids rates with the infected blood  When it comes into contact with with open air it really does not live very long at all  That's why it's difficult to get aids from a tattoo needle because a tattoo needle is a solid needle  Right the Tattoo needles are solid knee or anything on it is on the outside of it, and we're exposed to the air however  It's very fucking an effective way to get it from by using  Drug needles because those needles are hollow and it's like a little strong you poking in and then  So within air cannot get all the way through  Attacks was the opener got it in the middle of that hypodermic syringe  Needle which is essentially a straw the blood that lives inside the needle Michael  There's an edge of it aids  so if you shared Needle  That's the way oh my God is there anal sex is clearly how the guy got it because because within within that fuck in  The middle of that hollow syringe needle when the bloods in there fuck it can live it can live for days  Days, I don't maybe even weeks  and so if you take someone on so take someone else's fuckin  Take someone else's fucking drug needle and you do that fucking edge is alive and well behind a syringe  Let it sit for a week or more use it cracking  Run run bleach through it. You know that's how ya know really yeah, this like the pig blazing up like an you know good  That's a good deal dude hidden in these new storage what a fuckin creepy motherfuckers relic on the gas pump  You can see if somebody showed me like what the fuck is this it's on the gas pump  And they're like taping their used fucking eight aids hiv  Drug needle to the fuckin thing so that when someone goes to grab the pump, hooah  Why would I do it there are people out there - I don't?  Fuck could anyone do that they're doing so when you fuckin grab the gas pump then you get fuckin that is h?  Oh Fuckin jump Jong-kook google it. They're googling try to imagine a world where how you get aids Aids  Fuckin gas pump and then it's like Eddie Murphy has this great bit. We're like  This is like when people. I was up it was the same in stand-up  But this was like back when people hated it was like cool to hate gay people and nobody know house aides works  And he's like your wife. Go home with one of her gay friends. Give him a kiss and then she come home  Give you tips and you have aids and then you have to tell people you. Have aids and like of you fuck dudes. I  Don't know that was a really butchering  by the way by the way he also has a bit and that don't worries like I hate when white dudes go and  Free to try to retell my jokes. Oh yeah. I think about that got all covered  Is that one right fucking slam dunk all right? Let's move on there's one part of this show that  inexplicably  Inexplicably always comes up menial are very skeptical people right somehow  This is a fascinating thing and everyone's into it everyone loves it  We always ask our guests about ghost stories well speaking of which the whole Dr.. Lance. Whatever yeah  Yeah, very long as you said  And then I trust you fully like not implicitly explicitly write is inaccurate  I trust you expensable yeah, I trust you explicitly thoroughly. Yeah, like a hundred percent. Thanks and your  Journalism on this guy's fuckin look at that a bit and yeah bank with his jacket with the jackoff cream  I mean it could have been there for like just like a cup. No way. I mean if it's really fake its fake  we're cool of course, but they're  Judging you know, how did the green screen yeah and the jackoff?  He was gotten happen. It's not like it's not like the guy was like oh  It'd be so fucking funny if I made like I put a jackoff cream there you know waking she would notice that it was  cutting up  No, he was literally thinking that is the event rate back to his bed  And our job yeah, God what am I just trying?  jacking off her with cream  Canada don't go and try every right so at  whether thinking about that now this guy  Wasn't what I wanted to know he got him so bad. I'm the pulled out of bed. It's fucking real by the way  He's talking to ghosts and spooks like like did you get?  any backlash from jersey I do you hurt my feelings to take the video down and if not hey has anybody that has been like  That stuff used to happen a long time ago  I think people stop they understand now that there's no, but we are being sued right  but before people understand that our videos are not going to back and  I wanted to see I didn't want to bring up the lawsuit or like or some questions  I'm really pretty interested in because I got it. I you know if I can't talk about it  I won't say but you can have anything well  I just think they'd like me  And I guess I come from a different realm you know like I was talking about you know like MTV like sort of TV shows  We made like movies, and it was a tough pill to swallow for me to  even learn how to add it to make Youtube videos to upload to YouTube  I was justified. That's a good undertaking if you edit all those by yourself. Yeah, I totally do and I love it  I took them I taking my life into my own hands and before that before  2013 I was I did not know how to edit a piece of video  But I would need someone to help and like they're like I was I  Couldn't do anything by myself and then and then you know slack is such a gnArly  It's such a gnarly time and noxon was making the second  The bad Grandpa, and I was like fuck he like they're making jackass movie without the jackass guys  You know not now  Whether what is the bad grandpa? Oh, I know I ran it. Okay. I'm like now now are the Jackson for cousin yeah?  We're now now. I'm the Jackson for right. I we did like National Timberlake done  Which by the way is not at all like what happened  You know and power to me fucking did that you know I like there's like nachos - Captain knowledge  I'll be in this day. This is just my perception my fuckin dark fuckin  shitty  Fucking is it nihilistic the word nihilistic means you don't care about anything, okay right linda. That's not pessimistic  Probably message is my doomsday via can darn yeah  Like I wish I was a novice like right olivia nihilist clack I killed or not care about killing to be a nihilist  Thanks for helping my my already impressive vocabulary  But let go yeah serves. I had this moment and when I was up going on. I was just like I'm over  I'm done with my mom Jackson floor I got and then  And then I just swallowed this fucking pill, and I'm like I'm going to become a youtuber man  You know but it's work, but you were telling me. It was like a second the  second life really revived  I mean, so so many someone's everything good has come about as a result. Maybe no so like I  Fuckin  You know does social media like and everybody from not following me on social media for God sakes get on there  Please like nothing. I got like every way. I won't waste your time  If anything I'd post considerably less for them to be careful  I that's my philosophy as well to be careful  So if you see me, I'm not going to clog up your feet follow this man  Yeah, it's paramount, but I wanted to tell you during this moment when we were  Dissecting lance's video right he got pull out of the bed right and I had this moment when I was like way, too  Self-Aware and I was I was like gala  This is fucking dumb like this is obviously so safe why am I again and it's so exactly I am I like bunking this like  This feels so stupid like well, not anybody ended up shit because we can jerry used to see these isis, but I'm like okay  You're even after our next our video his next video was still this is real still right car like  She's out in israel. What is not wrong and wiggle it is specifically referencing that one thing  Yeah, another joey salads Phenom. Well at least he's not blaming black people. It's a victimless crime  Yes are and girls under the bus. What alternatives are getting spookstreet pregnant the reason I was talking about when are you assholes enquiries?  That's the question yeah any ghost stories. Yes, and holy shit do I ever let's hear it  That's what let's go alright. Yeah, that's gonna happen thanks, but this got me other thing. I didn't want to get go anyway  Oh shit. Now. I'm intrigued  dude was  Imagine like the most like tangent is God  Like I have the most fucked up ghost story ever we gotta go there do it. I can't we gotta go there. Yeah  When I was doing drugs, okay, like I did drugs to the point where I was hearing voices  Okay, like it's called the technical term for in this would be psychosis  Where is this a little mental and and and what's what's so?  peculiar about the phenomena of pSychosis which is characterized by  audit  Auditory hallucinations when you're hearing voices visual hallucinations, I was watching people walk around my apartment people who were never there  I was one hour walk through walls same damn day. They fucking this stage like an intervention on me at one point  I had like an apartment for people who were there said to having a formal intervention  But they were never looking. They're aware that they wanted I watched him  I watched a motherfucker you think it was really you when you was around I knew it was real into this fucking day was real  In the shell fucking damage, but in retrospect you liked that was obviously a resonation totally fucking  Spiritual entities then the way right now. It's always why I think it was a hallucination you think there were real spiritual entities  And then the fucking line is completely buried under minds completely fuckin dirt  and I think the reason why I'm seeing them as hallucinations is because  They're yeah  Do you think that the drugs like open your mind? I think is the deficit drugs  That's why I'd like was it with pSychosis. I got like meth whether it like I've Methyl do it so cocaine  Particularly on the third straight day of a cocaine bender with no sleep like wild  inhaling  Like nitrous oxide to the exclusion of air as much as possible right when when she would really pop off and just you know  She would pop off did you invite it at one point, okay?  The first time I had like a spiritual like intervention where it was like, okay?  I was sitting in and I was I was inhaling nitrous oxide  I was doing cocaine and I had been doing so for two to three days  I was I was I was in a chair that was fun. Just like this one and I  Was um  I'm seeing in front of a big pile of cocaine and I'm sitting there. I'm thinking myself as I as I go to snort another  ridiculous  Helping of cocaine I thought to myself  Wow, I'm killing myself. You know like like there's there is no  Longevity, and we're like what I'm doing. I'm dying  I'm dying here like this is me killing myself, and I'm dying and I thought very specifically calm never forget this it's not I  Don't care if I die  And I just leaned over to go fucking right now as I thought I  Don't care if I die like as like as a reaction to those specific words, I thought to that thought like  Physically in the spinning chair then as I went to it fucking spots  I was like a fucking it was like there was a big strong dude who fucking  Spun. The fucking terms like it was like with the power of visit there was like a fucking mechanical bull  It was just like a fucking saw and like and and it was not granted  This is a this is a tactile hallucination meaning. I like every feel it I  Know fully well that if there was a surveillance camera in my apartment at that time it would not reveal this  Experience that I had right like I'm clear on that, but it fuck can happen  What do you I wouldn't reveal like you never spun at all you think which didn't is that my experiences that I did?  but if you're someone else in there camera  Still it I got right it was it didn't look like I know well  I know well enough to know that like this is an experience that I had that was outside of the  Dimension rover that were in right and like it was so clear  When this happened that like I thought I don't care if I die then whoa  you know it was like think again motherfucker like think again like this was  Completely in response that I don't care if I died it was like think again like you like the message was clear that there's some  Entity the distinctly cares that I not die well. We like rick again  I was like fucking I like something powerful is fuck. Just spawn this thing to genetic the line we of course  of course, but something powerful is fuck wants me live wants me to see the importance of  Don't not care like like I should care something wants me to care about living like he's got to live for something  Yeah, I had and that thing might have been later that night  We know there was another night when I had the formal but benefit did I had this I - shoe sponsor  And there is this these cubbyholes whole wall shoes and and and like the mess thing something in my apartment?  She was just going off and all these shoes were sitting there like like  Tapping their toes like okay throw away the drugs are always impatiently tapping each other kid through it's very fun my God  And I'm just watching it all this shit playing. Okay, wait. A whore is that happening and I'm thinking that's really crazy  That's what's happening, and I'd look again like yep champ. It's still happening  I totally like like in any objects where the look communicating to me  and now they're again you feel like in that situation with the security camera that shoes are moving correct high percent correct and  and and so it's a  Spiritual entities ghost like whatever and like my dear friends there were there were different classifications of them there were angels  Clearly angels that cared about me living and they would even see in there, okay. We were worried about you  You know like visually we've heard you're killing yourself  And it's not a can they were very loving and and angel they they were like rooting for me  It's like really what I prayed to you this day like you know like when you go to rehab and say you have to have  A higher power like you know like that  I was like whatever spun that fucking chairs just I pray to that you know something that cares about me  So they're the angels then there were demons for sure there were demons like the voices would tell me like so I can suffocate yourself  to death is urging me to kill myself and it was like Super Dark entirely and scary and  then and I would probably classify this as demons as well, but  much  More funny like the trickster spirits like shit. They would just fuckin entertain that same chair that I was that  I was in right like  The spinning office chair which was I had a big dining room table like this the computer set up at the TV on the wall  and  That fucking chair was in it  Just caught fucking fire engulfed in flames and flames didn't hurt  It's just they're showing off like cool shit for me like it's like whoa like whoa the check it out like sure enough  It's on fire the whole fucking chairs is on fucking fire. I'm like whoa  Fucking cool. I just wanted to do more drugs and power boards  That's why I classify these as Demon spirits because they just tricksters enabling. They wanted me. I love it  So all this is cool this fucking shit was so cool  There's so much of it like  lights that were never even there ever  who just  Flashing was a fucking light show just like bah bah bah bah the curtains are opening and closing on their own the whole place is  Going fucking nuts, and I'm like woah, this is a fucking coolest party ever  Like I just want to do more drugs to keep the chin happening  I had I had this off and then scarier like I loved it  I loved it too much at certain times it got scary there was a lot of  Fucking dark creepy scary shit that went down to layer you by yourself usually when I am going to hallways just you know how hey  there were there were a couple times but but but the other person if they were there they wouldn't be tribute to it everybody like  You know there's like. They're like rules for the spirits, but I had this song I know the rules  They're not they're not supposed to interfere  With it. Can't physically like they can't they can't like manipulate like like how the camera fear with free will they can't like  Manipulate things to alter the course you know so really  They've got those rules you learn from interacting with them uh-huh and they weren't sources like say anything  they like and it's like the committee and you can hear them kind of you know, but like  And they're in another thing, but if you do enough drugs  That's why the same thing happens if you're on meth as if you're on a coke or even like sometimes the alcohol  like all roads lead to the same place if you if you do enough drugs  And you fuck yourself up enough even PCB like that  You erode the the barriers between us, and these entities you know and and then you start experiencing?  That's why I still believe it's real dude, and yeah, I'd like some of the other Trickster shit was fucking bad-ass me  I like that. I had this at this globe like the Earth and and the base of it  I drilled to a skateboard and then the skateboard I drilled to the wall, so the globe is coming out protruding like this I  Sat there and looked like I looked at fucking cloud. I watched my own face like the linkwood terminator in the Globe like I  Can't push him out  It came pushing out like the fucking globe and and my first came pushing out and then started head bang the globe boom I?  Was like wow?  yeah, Majan watching the  gnArly  And watch that of you. Oh yeah, and I would make my own dad. You know it like I would not omit. Oh well  Yeah, I mean like guys exist  You know yeah?  There was a whole documentary that was made about my downward spiral and pSychosis and ultimately to my own footage of you like  Internet and and dude what the footage reveals is me reacting to a lot of this stuff that like  Having there not ever you can tell like I'm like wow  You don't know  Yeah, so I mean there's a million. That's a million fuckin things  Okay, so in in this world where these spirits are real like what what is their motivation?  What are they doing like on the other side and white?  Why is it so compelling to them to come interact with people on drugs I?  Think it's the people who are on drugs. They have at a receptive. So what's an access to like them um?  They get like a signal. They're like I can talk to this person where they don't have access  -  Like they're not everybody rags and like I don't know man. Maybe I'm just out my mind  No on your I mean if I dread personal experience right right right right my experience my belief  And said ah is it the barriers are guard. You know like for you you  aren't aware of them because he's got these barriers in place which have not eroded right to the point where you can become aware of  Them sound there, they're aware when your barriers down uh-huh for sure got it and that and once there  When woodson motivation I think the tricks or stuff that just made me so hungry to keep that shit happening?  I just want like this all like just even the voice is everything like the people walking around. I watch the fucking  dude come out like I last time on in 2003 and  Yeah, it was really kind of a traumatic thing for me  not that I lost my mom but but the last five years of her life were she was she survived an aneurysm and and  She was very fuckin damaged like she is physically and mentally  horribly disabled and had bedsores, and it was just fuckin terrible like she was in great pain and her last five years were traumatic and  Netflix Nimbala  at one point when when I was in this apartment like  Denman in mind fucking pSychosis. I want you to come out of the bathroom  He walked right behind me he stopped and and as my interpretation went like that  Right which I interpreted to be like he stopped and so I can paid respect to my mom and then turned Ii kept walking  through the apartment  I watched this fucking dude pick up pick up the ball pick his roll out smoke  Put it back and then so I can walk through the wall motherfucker was never there dude  Never there  And you'll hear people who have said coach to talk about shadow people like I'm not talking about there's a lot of shadow people  too  But I'm talking about they were like fully formed totally people picking up actual objects Rivers  The Spirit World is real in the sense that you've experienced it. That's just so bizarre like what are they?  what are  They what is the question if I may in fucked it like wouldn't like that this this third dimensional?  experiences  So like minor dude and so like I read a book and this is theory  Do you know about junk Dna do you know that that?  For the purpose of science for the we can only our best  Scientific knowledge of our own Dna indicates that we only use 10% of our brain and  that the  We can only identify that there is any purpose whatsoever to 10% of our dNa leaving  the scientific  position of the Scientific Community has  the position that  90% of our Dna they call it quote junk, DnA  They do not know what it's for and probably hurt like hereditary. You know from all the man I  guess by  Were usually been like billions of years of evolution. You know  Right, but it's just interesting that like to suggest that here where this complex you know thing and that ninety percent of what makes us  Up has no purpose whatsoever, and that is just totally junk and for that matter that 10 to 90 percent of our brain power  Has no purpose whatsoever the resistance. We just have in laying around  We're never going to use it that is the theory that I read which  I have a pretty easy time with and it's kind of it's a fucked up theory  But that there are more dimensions and that had that then we are  intended to be  multi-dimensional beings and that for us to use  100 percent of our brain or firfer for 100 percent of our DnA to be active that means that we are  simultaneously connected to  The versions of Ourselves which are in other dimensions  Right, but the theory that I read in this crazy book and adds this might be a little far out there  But but I have an easier time believing this then the that  I would believing that word junk the junk DnA in theory that  that the Earth is sort of a library so to speak and a lot of you know I  had like information and such and it's very very valuable in in the universe and all dimensions you know and  that the theory is that  some 300,000 years ago ownership of the Earth  Has switched right into the new owners of Earth?  Found that as multi-dimensional beings which we used to be a cordon of the area Scientology should  It's really it's really not to tell me or whatever but the idea was that we used to be fully  multi-dimensional, but we were too difficult to control interesting so so the the  This is this new like ownership  whatever  They would basically went under the hood and unplugged 90% of our DnA which leaves us without us being plugged in we don't know  What the fuckin meaning of life is we have no idea what our purpose is and regard man like this kind of like  We're like a little bit don't know why were you what's going away more than me  You know meets the eye or we write or sieve that's all right  We were not what we're not plugged in anymore  So we don't get we look at the negative Canada the connection to exact is the evidence from is that we only use 10%?  Of our brain and building, but like not only 10% 10% nah. Yeah, that's fine. I think that we  Abandoned doesn't miss it was living around  I think I think that they're having two percent of our brain, but just at different times  I think that's I don't know I want to effect said let's do a mag check on John John Vianney  We do we use I'm more. I'm almost more more interested in the DNA  I haven't heard the junk Dna that is fascinating yeah jump in and ninety percent of our dNA  They have no fucking idea what it's for humans use 100 other brains despite popular myth. Uh  about  College students from believe me on his temper said well, this is just some dumbass website, but alright ensign  I'm way more concerned with junk Dna, but just for the record because this was a really realistic right they wonder yeah  I believed it for a long time and someone told me that have been some kind of developments in the scientific Community regarding junk  Dna that are newer  But still we don't fucking know don't talk about brain use now let's look into their junk name. Yeah be a dare dna right and  Non-coding Dna is what it's called and what good brand is it's a total fucking like  Is this a fucking controversial thing for a clean and sober guy to say because like the higher power is such a big  Part of the recovery process you know fades and God  I think it's fucking full-scale arrogance to say that that you are  your atheist and then you're  100% sure there is no, God  And I think it's all so fucking arrogant to say that you're a hundred percent sure that there is I think that we have limitations  Yeah, we have we have a fucking limited fuckin ability in our  Physical form completely heaven, and you know the woods like it. Yeah, I think that you're arrogant if you're anything but  Agnostic so I think I think the definition is to believe in an octave. I'm agnostic  So I think people misunderstand a theism. Well there is that means I'm sure there is no, God  No, it's not it's not quite that that's the misunderstanding of it, but well these are like fedora wearing like 15-year olds  I'm very deep atheist  I think atheism in the true sense is that I don't god don't believe in God because I've never been given any  reason or evidence to believe in God  I don't that's a nice definition of an agnostic, and I always used to say that as oh  I think I had no trouble believing like I say I would say she's really not to know I got it  Open to the idea of God, but I don't know I don't know right that's where I fall  But an Atm is Atm is I don't believe in God  Because I had a reason to believe in God, all right  I thought it's not like it is a conviction that there is no  God like I think that though some media has misrepresented atheism. You're saying atheist means that assuming there is a god  I'm pretty sure he wants his privacy  Yeah, that's me and eventually  don't ya  What's that the founding fathers were deistic and that means I think I my favorite death metal band is d died so deism is fuckin  Awesome and all the founding Fathers were into the shit  They're like there is a God he came he created the university granted the Earth and then he fucked off  My share about us. He doesn't interact in our lives at all. He came. He saw conquered anything, okay?  It's kind of fascinating well  I shouldn't think did this is where what I would believe there goes right back to the whole thing where we're talking about with the  spirits and entities is that  We are fucking made it is the same way that we make cars and they run right the whole thing  Like we're just a fucking  The human Body is like a fuckin. It's like a toy car made by like a spiritual entity on the han solo  I can't how about how about this, okay like the one strong argument for not killing yourself  Is that when you take the gun and when you pull the trigger and he's fucking dead the first thing that happens is you're like  Why am I still thinking?  You know like why am I knowes and that's how can you confirm this well you can't confirm it  But but my theory here is that that weird that the brain is not a generator of consciousness, right?  It's not the it's not the place where we're consciousness that I think you're not is on it's not a brain phone  There's a brief agree the brain does not  Generators, I should say the brain does not  Transmit the consciousness rather to Glenn  Oh, yeah, right?  my theory because if the brain is a  receiver of consciousness  so as to say that my thing so as to say there like when you pulled it when you pull the trigger and shoot your  Brain it's kind of like taking a radio right. You know like larry like this fucking thing right here, right?  This iPad is not generating that image  it's receiving that event of three sort of so if we take a hammer if I take a hammer that fucking smash this iPad like  Right like like it  just which is the  Analogy for taking a gun a machine in my head if I smashed this iPad to smithereens my shoe or the gun  That fucking and but have to go out there  So you're only you're not killing the fuckin signal you're telling the receiver that's called science  And that's the soul as soul  Is that is you soul is what the signal that is being picked up by the supes even killed it?  That's a nice thought I haven't thought about that way yeah  we killed us like a receiver you haven't fuckin killed the signal that's very dope and so now so now what is  The receiver the body the brain right it's a fucking toy some is a toy in a spaceship it - toy  Like a fuckin like a toy car like whatever the kind of things we make except at the creator and there are  Like the ultimate creator. God they're  Fucking levels of the stairs at dimensions, and there's so much going on that  We don't know about and they're I hope so it's a lot more interesting though  Is there are creators that created us like fucking little vehicles? It's like a fucking car. We make a car  We get in the car. We drive it around. We're a fucking car. That was made by a fucking low-level fuckin  Spirit Creator and Fuckin they're in the car  And they're driving around the me car and so in that sense yeah our creator  fucking  laptop I still not totally convinced of this idea of like a  Create a crater right I do believe in higher power like God is my sense of like there's just  Something so in x book about about existing at all sure. It's just overwhelmingly  Impossible to even conceptualize like the thought of like existence first non-existence it's weird  What in a philosophical sense much easier to prove that we don't exist and to prove that we do exist, right?  but the thought of like a  Creator or like intelligent design. I think is easy to fall into that because the it's so hard to conceptualize  What evolution looks like over billions of years right like a trial and error on the micro level over billions of years  It's like it's pasta. It's very possible  Explanation for how you start from a one cell organism up to this sushi Ellicott like we just can't  Fathom that and the same way we can't fathom a god because it's kind of just nature  I mean, you know the universe is like 12 billion years we've been fucking  Evolving for like 25% of the whole history right the whole existence of the universe, right?  And I believe that we're not I would they talk about ascension, and you know how it said, it's like  We're just not plugged in I think I know I hope so I always have always hoped that there's more because it's way more fucking  interesting than  your dog and and again like with the toilet guard the charm right that's what you want to believe it with the car analogy and  I like where they say where they say we're not human beings have a spiritual experience rather. We are spiritual beings having a human experience  I realize yes, I'd just like a little car  You know they and then the car fuckin dies and the spirit when we win this fucking?  physical  incarnation dies  the spirit gets out of the car and  Fuckin gets in some other card that other car might be a fuckin plant or you know whatever whatever the case may be is  For sure, but in Medinah looking for me. I don't doubt any of that dude  Did I think that conviction is awesome sometimes I wish I was more and isn't there like pretty undeniable proof of reincarnation  All right  Well, that's a another big statement. What is in your opinion proof of reincarnation? I like that  Like Little two-year-old kids that have memories and previous live and they just blow it out about that dad think  Google undeniable proof of reincarnation here we go  Looking it up  Going along yeah, we should we should cruise let's lunch rappin that was by the way. I think the best ghost story  That shit was a gnarly go. Thank you probably ranked that with this yeah  I love all that the help is honestly I don't want chapter in my book called angels and demons mmM  Fascinating not really a minute  Let's wrap it up. Yeah. Oh, you're a legend. Thank you guys for coming on today  We really want you guys know it was emotional roller coaster. I was glued it was a great time man  I really I love it  I think I enjoy being a guest on podcast mo and then the idea of how to my own pack  I said it's a completely different experience. Yeah, there's no obligation  feel like I can really like  There's a lot but but but with that Sena do need  Anybody who is interested in my story to grab that fucking autographed book on my website yep?  go support Stevo  Well, I didn't get my bird didn't get a fuckin five-star rating because it's not accept really yeah  It's by definition the most guaranteed great book you can read by definition  I named drop like a mother's go to Stevo calm right to get on cooking works like a god serious  There's little of there's little links for all the social media and so I can scope out the youtubes likes so so media followers  Check him out. He's on the road doing standards right? I don't wait for your big show. You're working on  I would love to have you guys there man. Yeah, yeah doing  Second I love you guys man. I love you, man. I can't believe it's so surreal that's a real like  Yeah, I was watching everything in Israel even in Israel. How about you, jackass all right?  Yeah, yeah, well that's that review was huge and is ready now. Let's keep stamping out the fakes let's stamp amount  Let's get them. Let's I can you know get people to  Just not Gonna have some integrity  Stop deceiving your followers show respect to the people  You know who click your links what can you do? There's me you can never stop these people because there's so much money  There's so much audience for it, but at least we can have a lot better, right?  Yeah, let's last release we can do let's let's fuck any blossom. Let's expose the sake stay let's go cool  Thanks, man for coming on it was a great great time. Okay. Thanks everyone for watching  Oh, yeah, and like let me know if you've been watching this  Fucking and throw me a tweet the road almost whoo. Yeah, so um I check it out  I can check out my fuckin mess at Fibo right at Stevo doesn't get easier  Does not lot more to it throw me. It gives it a sponsor by fate. Oh, what fun? Yeah?  so means Fuckin 22 guys  Thanks for watching thank you. Love you. We appreciate you  You guys and all next Friday we have oh yeah, it'll know where it's filling though  You guys were going to freak out, but we've been talking to Jake Paul say messages every day, bro  We've been maybe we might have Jake Paul is he that it. What is it sitting up every day?  Yeah, I actually have fake ball. You mean the guy who's got Kendrick Lamar. Just running  Yeah, right this fuckin very worried about its career  Next I've loved kids just another day rob. It's everyday, bro  All right, got it got it. Thanks for watching guys. Yeah   
