Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast here with living meme. Is that how do you feel about that I? Don't know you told me to give me life I mean meme dumb. Well, whatever he's a fascinating guy, a mogul I mean really an interesting guy. I have to say how old are you 22, 22 years old have has achieved quite a bit in terms of business, so point tonio, you guys know you guys definitely know me. I like it and I really appreciate honest of you coming here, good and joining us and, of course, with ela kleiner right up represent, and we have one sponsor today. Thank you, - Vince, Aero. More about that later god bless thanks for joining us, dude I. Think it's I think it's great that you're willing to talk. We have a colorful history yeah. You know what, though it's like I don't like have any like personal issue towards like someone you know talking about someone else, I think it's really fun and like it's interesting, brings out more value out of like what we do. You know that's the whole point of making content for a true reason. Behind it, I agree completely and I [ __ ] love that about like gum like Joey sells, is a perfect example like from the very beginning, we are [ __ ] on this guy he's like a salad head, but he embraced it from the very beginning and like really represented that attitude of what you're saying it's like it brings more color, more texture to the whole yeah. It's a weird cuz. Have you met Joey in person, yeah yeah, a smart guy is that that was definitely is he's really really motivated. You know, so you know you got to respect the the hustler I respect all Sonja, all you pranksters yeah, like you, the Bradbury's joe salads you're, all like hustlers in your own way. So what video, which one, by the way for the record he they never claimed but like they always they claim always something real to me too. So it's really! Oh, oh, very nice, and also, let me don't do the boys stuff is so I love so much they keep saying no, but they kind of laugh - can we can hold it it that's what she was telling as I find it so, like Joey told, tells me that he called them when we made our first spider-man Elsa Bradbury video he's like yo guys we're going. Could you watch our videos yeah, of course, I watch stuff there buddy? Who is the really funny cuz I? You know, especially two creators they're funny, because creators know these creators yeah right, but at first like we had some beats because at first we made this video and you guys it seemed that weren't happy with it right and I can I can definitely talk to that I'm, not one to care about my reputation. It was just my partner which I don't even like to talk about because he really likes to be probably that's totally. Fine. I won't mention his name out of respect for him because I know that was an issue back then, but when we first made our Soflo Facebook page, that probably was almost two years ago now, which is crazy or maybe new a year and a half you know um we got em just like we got a lot of flack from you guys and your and threats of lawsuits from you and here and again like I, say this isn't for me: I, don't care about the reputation thing, but at the moment in time we were trying to. We were actually in this point where we're trying to take this page on Facebook, which was so for Antonio change it to so flow and then produce content, which we produce a lot of content in. You know to get it to that phase, changing it having a good reputation around it, so you can raise. Money was important right, but again you know I'm, like this guy who you know my passion is not is not money like money is great, like it's it's fun to acquire, much of it, but I'm really driven with just going with the flow being myself. So if we're really grounded person, I'm not like it's weird, like I'll say like do crazy stuff, but I genuinely think it's fun to like just do that stuff, I, don't just I, don't have like the steak. Facades I'm like a very open book. Most people like they. Sometimes they wouldn't want to come in here, because they don't want to be open book. I. Don't care like to me! It's like why not yeah, probably a lot of Chris or no yeah, of course, of course. So what? What is it that you that you're passionate about with like the Soflo brand like? What is it that motivate you um? You know like when I first started like it would a plane was like the video creation I clearly like I, took seven videos and they're pretty good, like I, cut them and like for. Like a kid, you know what 15 years old, pretty impressive to like, be able to cut yeah, especially with the software we had to use that good day, like I, was using I forgot. It was like it's like video tie like when I was like really like shitty like free ones, and no I. Remember I, like I got it all down and I was like. Oh, this is a good video, like short people, because this one girl told me that this kid was famous out of it. There's like back when, like YouTube was like, it was big, but, like people didn't know, like creators was like a thing, it just started happening because of the partnering to someone. They had right that when they first bought that and that's when, like people started getting big having like a fan base and so I thought was really cool and I needed to make money other time. So that's alright, I, like we got me into it. So at the beginning, you you well, it seems like it was motivated by just wanting to get a job and make money that that and also I thought it would be like really cool they making videos. I I mean things. I can't remember yeah. My first thing: it's up there so like somewhere, I put in my Twitter, it's like I did when I was a little kid I did this like I took the nyan cat and then I just like took that like song and then I synced myself to singing it obviously can't sing it, because it's really not so I had to like speed it like the right time. So what I do is I put it slowly and then eyes and I sped it back up and it was perfect so that deal is it pretty? Well, you know files and views for like. Is it good, I, don't think our first video got a thousand views. Yeah I know over time, though I'd better get that thing over the course I used to refresh it. I was like what 50 owes me. Three views are like back in the early days when we made videos like every time you go and refresh it's just your own view, you're like spots. That is sad you it has like 30 views, and you know that probably all of them are yours. Just going there refreshing, you got yourself and I think you're getting views so back in the day or when we made this video, and you guys were like album to see it for defamation, I'm just curious. What was it that we got wrong? Is there something where you want is you're just gonna? It's always going to happen because people like if they feel like they, you know their image was like negatively impact. They're gonna see that me personally, I didn't care what you think we had. It did anything wrong. Do you think that we misunderstood something? You guys were no because it I mean, like I, understand like why, like you, can have empathy for people, but the other day like if you're, just if you're, if you do it in a way where, like people, truly think that you're not trying to make them feel negatively about themselves like does it like, there's a difference between like a of bullying, someone and like just saying like funny things about somebody, but like you truly like it like you, can be friends of them. Make them know that you're just kidding about what you're, saying and not being a forceful. Like me manner, I think I, don't think your stuff is batteries, it's actually really funny and comedic 'el, and also it's sometimes you over exaggerate, which allows people understand that you're joking around it's not just like straight up like shots at somebody right so I think that helps with in general, like you know, you like act, stuff out and whatnot. It's just funny right, whereas, like other people I've seen there are some people that call out are straight up. Just like dissing people, but like not even like this I would mean like straight up like finding flaws and like people, and it's like 9 hurt their feelings exactly and that's not I mean that just makes you look really bad and it Paul it can make me aspic skin. You know, I was like not a kid that was like. I was like cool in like high school. Whatever you know, coming from like status or I'm, responsible I didn't I like came from like Columbia, you know what I was like really young, so I didn't like D came from Columbia yeah I didn't I, didn't speak English, so I was a little bit like slow. It's like that kind of thing. What age were you I was like 5. So when I I was in kindergarten, we're a tiny little idea, yeah I, don't know how I did it interesting. You just begin England want to trade in the kindergarten I'm yeah, that's crazy. I can see. That would probably be really traumatic as like. Yes, like even like third grade I was still like. This I came out like oddball such because I went to a private school and it was easier in public schools over there because there's a lot of Spanish and a South Florida, but you know, came back on it. I mean I feel like sometimes you know, the negativity makes people incompetent who they are right, but sometimes you know all this negativity and whatnot can actually have make. Someone have really thick skin because you I would leave like high school I would leave my like my high school. You know from high school and now go to like hang out with friends outside of school, who weren't influenced by other people's like say, I'm like oh, like I, would seriously like. I was like me that person I'd be like. Oh, they told us not to hang out with you type of thing, so I've gone through a lot in that kind of like sense, but outside of like high school, like I, was like cool I got a lot of friends. It was a lot of fun when I went to colleges, great experience, but I think it made me shape as a person. A lot and I'd never take for granted a lot of things and I respect. People are smart, all the times, I like considered nerdy, because it's I was like friends with a lot of them and they're like it's stupid. The only reason that they are like kind of like what people might call like soft sometimes is because they they're very grateful people who have not been as lucky because of the way that they've been treated. You know when people see something different or special, they always point at it and they, you know, even as like kayln kids, always point out at negative in a wheelchair. They point cuz they're, like that's interesting, is the same like it's just a feel like excuse me, it's a psychological thing, so yeah. So you really like as a kid that you were. You were different enough that people were chose you I couldn't suck my [ __ ] mouth, because dollars don't live out. You talk to my spell. Is your thing. I also probably was like a weird kid like or like when I was younger, just cuz I didn't speak much English, you know yeah. So you got you had a rough time in school like for how long um I'd say like probably like middle school after, like high school, it's like it was kind of like I got like I, didn't like it so much, but it was just like one of those things where it's like I was still happy outside of school. I was one of the gym I, like other friends, everything and like it was weird because, like the first time, I do like middle school. First time, I went out like it's like a party or whatever and I met people outside my school and like girls were like laughing, are like the stupidest jokes. I might do like. You have no idea, like I, see the best jokes in class, but people try to not laugh to it or make her laugh at me on purpose. Just because, like you know, it's like they're trying to be cool so like I always thought was really interesting, and that made me feel really like grateful. Really grateful like I, don't know, I think it was a good experience. I really like I, look back on it. I really am happy that I wasn't like a cool kid. Yeah, interesting, yeah I feel the same way in a way like I have Tourette's syndrome, but when I was a kid I had like I was at which he [ __ ] mastered and Mike. It was. It was a bit of a spectacle right, but I think it builds a lot of character as a kid. You can't go through school and knock it like bullied a little bit and not rigid. It definitely makes you a stronger person if you come out without being like with egged on or bullied a little bit right. Hmm I, don't know, builds character. It's important I, don't I mean it's the same thing when it comes to like being spoiled and not being spoiled. You know, I'm, not a fan of like spoiling your kids I feel like people have to work for it. Even if it's like a pointless thing like I wasn't able to play like video games on the weekend, I'm feel like I was older. You know that's a child abuse, it is pretty rough, but you know what it is, though, like it like, it really made me yeah I'm, like a really like I, was like a stubborn kid. You know I always like fought for, like my own grounds, everything, but it really taught me like how to build that discipline and realizing what I didn't think I never thought it was bad and I still don't think it's bad, but it still teaches a principle discipline. You know I, don't think like doing a little advocate. It's just the principal discipline and being like you know, like good kid. I read a study where it was like um kids that can show restraint like if you put a kid in a room with a snack and you say: don't eat this for an hour mmm. It was like a long-term lifetime study on these kids, like over 30 years and the kids, who are actually able to show restraint and not eat the snacks had way more successful, fruitful lives. Why did we see that I? Don't know I read that sorry I don't the source, but it was like a really intensive study and the kids who would just eat it ended up more times in prison like on drugs. How many people I mean and statistically I, made a lot of people, maybe talking about like 5% more it's not like. They are all criminals, no, no right, but I mean like they must have done this. A lot of people ever became a criminal yeah yeah, probably like a thousand there's there's at a certain point like a thousand people is enough to show guy after but I find I find that common, really interesting, I. Think there's, there's truth to that I'm wondering if it was from the Vsauce show I'm looking at how was it be sausage? Hell dissection? No from the you thought, god we're learning, [ __ ] from YouTube red [, __ ] me like a TED talk on that [ __ ], you know, were you ever bullied in school. I was like not exactly bullied, but I was always so shy. That I was doing only like an odd one. You know people weren't really mean to me, but I was like I was just I had trouble like being part of it again, yeah fitting and interesting. So I definitely had this like weird awkward situation. Man yeah, that's true. I was like watching like some like video like yesterday, I took a random video and it was like, like some call it like no, some high school prank or whatever, and they put like these like strings or bungee cords. I, don't know from like side to side on my blockers and like I was just like: okay I, don't care that you did that, but the way that these guys sound like sailing sit like screaming Yolo and stuff like in the most ignorant way, I'm just like wow dude I, would never want to step into. Let's go ahead out here, yeah, but like some people, just like so obnoxious, high schools, a horrible place, it's amazing that anyone get that I like relatively normal, like high school, a [, __ ] nightmare for anybody pretty much, and the 5% who were popular and cool in high school go on to have the like. Probably the most [ __ ] up lives, kind of right, like they end up where they end up with the shittiest jobs, the worst marriages. This is obviously like I'm talking on my that's what we all like to think real movie posters, hippie, stuff, yeah yeah. You thought you told me that welcome this is why I like this podcast in a way, this format I feel like in this country, specifically right now disc. Like obviously, we've had a lot of disagreements in the past and it's really cool to sit in front of you and just see you as a human being and not just like this [ __ ] guy on the internet. That I mean you know whatever. No me wrong, like sometimes like you'll like see someone on YouTube and they'll, be like oh, that person's a character. Lee is kind of weird peppers. It might actually be lat. You know way you know when they you're out and about like you know, I really loved it just because it I found it so interesting to meet people I'm, like guy I, really enjoy meeting people and getting to know them. Even if, like and in the things that it's more important, if you can do it without seeking anything you're, just just meeting, there's not they're not like sound like an attractive girl, it's not like some like person that has money or whatever you just genuinely are curious. What like that person thinks you know, that's interesting, yeah I think that's good advice too. It's sometimes hard because, like I, don't know well, it's hard to engineer your brain to not always like want something. As a result, oh yeah, you're doing and just to like, be with somebody and be like I just want to [ __ ] get to know you and not like want something from you. I'll tell you something so I just recently and I like this story, because it's oh I was rolling at a at EDC and I was like I was like rolling friends that really, oh, you were like on MD. Okay, you know talk about very good okay, I'm verifier, but I thought over book. No, that's fine anyway! So I probably clarified because you're using that Street lingo crystal back bro. How did you not know Rolie duh, no, no roll any NDMA right, so I was also some friends whatever and my friends like okay, let's go find some girls but like yeah, let's do I not so we like broke out some like a group that we were with and then you know, I was just like I got tired and I was like really in the moment and I was like dude. You know what I don't want to find like, like a like I just want to finally chill personally a joke girl, whatever no need to find a girl that, like that, like is like super attractive or you know, like I know, that's what you want, but like I'm, just trying to chill out right now, no I'm done with it. You know like after so much like walking around and everything kind of just want to do it, and you know he like met this, like one person for like a cigarette and then I'm like. Oh, this person is pretty nice like it's like young girl, smart nerdy could tell, and so I, okay, okay, I'm gonna take her and then the guy was like. Like he's like. What do you mean you're gonna, take her with us like I might do like it's. Okay, like she's, chill like I, don't want like whatever it is. You want and um he's like he would like pull me aside, like do like this girl's like really unattractive like what you do it like. You did push it but I'm like probably that's not what I want right now like if you get it like getting laid, is one thing: okay, like just chilling out hanging out, is a different thing and I'm doing something different now so I took this girl backstage and everything, because I actually bought two bands on purpose. So I could just like cut people like it's convenient like if someone needs to like go backstage, no problem just hand. It off I hope they're, not watch granulation, your head for life yeah, but no I bought two, so I, let her use it. We went backstage showed her. It's like a trailer, then I also like took her like what she's never seen the things that the whole time she wasn't ever asking for anything. She was always going to flow, really really respectful and I love that I think it's really I think you know you could tell when someone's being really grateful, because it you just know that they're not just saying it could some people to it, be like. Oh, my God. Thank you so much blah blah blah, but it's just because they were told to say thank you. They don't actually feel grateful right, so this person was amazing and I, even like do I even pay for like a helicopter ride like back, because I was like. Oh, why not, because I I thought to myself like dude, how many like terrible girls that, like really hot but they're, just terrible people have I taken and like done like spent so much money on them and I. It would be terrible if I don't spend money on people who really deserve it, because this girl probably doesn't get nearly as much as like these, like hot girls I like thing -. This [ __, ], right and so I did that, for it was so I can probably one of the nicest things I've done and I have to think. My one friend, Ally who's changed me so much my blast six months, because I was not that type of person. Cuz I never saw that but yeah so yeah. So like are you still in touch with her yeah? You guys. Did you stay in touch? They like randomly texture, like yesterday, I figure out how she was doing because she has like pretty like not so good pass. She has a schizophrenic mother who doesn't remember her, oh yeah, so it's like one of those things. So it's like dude, like I, don't know like it's a you see when you go to these music festivals. You end up connecting with people and it's like always like a like a meant to be connections. I was thinking. What's like you know, you meet good people, you help them out. I actually lost two phones out there. Someone like actually robbed that I was like damn do like you, guys are clean having good time right. That's really bad play. Yeah experience I've been to a good one. Helicopter ride back really bad. So if we tried like three hours, how much is the helicopter ride from you? You went around 550 bucks, probably worth it to some degree from agency like the strip yeah I'd say otherwise, if you take like regular uber, probably like 100 bucks, but you're saving like your radio or a lot of our a lot of time and at the same time, you're getting experience right now, obviously, like I think I took it four times so or you know dev for it. So that's a lot of money, especially if you're paying for people. But it's again it's like one of those things it's like. If you have, if you have the money to do it, and you know you may be, and you can help someone else, why not yeah, but the most important thing is gratefulness yeah I, don't care if the girls like really hot, really nice and really grateful person I would take your -. It's fine yeah, but you just gotta think it's really beautiful when you don't have anything in mind because I mean just like everyone else. I'm not gonna lie to you and say that I haven't liked taking girls like you know, trips and whatnot in like, like hopes, I like it's like, oh I, think I'm gonna get with her, so I might as well like paste up. You know: yeah I might yeah I got life. No! That's why I'm open book? That's the thing like I'm, very, very, like honest I, don't really I feel I'm pretty happy with my decisions right so um. We were at EDC because we went there to make a video I found the environment like really well, we weren't on drugs. At a time we were there to work, which is probably was one of the reasons why we I didn't really like it. I found that that environment was like super intense feel like people were chill or nice or nice. Don't really feel like that. Well, this was in New York. It wasn't the EDC yeah all right. We were at EDC, Las Vegas was all yeah, but it was like it felt like gnarly I felt like unsafe. Almost it was you saying that your phones were stolen, doesn't surprise ya. The energy was like really negative, like just a cloud of like really manic, weird energy, yeah I, don't know it I mean. Have you been to Coachella? No Coachella is like it might be, like all like happy and cute and whatnot, but trust me like it's pretty pretentious because a lot of people from from LA, you know how light people are yeah, very, very pretentious, like where's, your resume type of thing, I'm like no. If I showed you my resume, you'd be impressed and I walk away. Okay, it's like one of those things. Where is it like, Lily I feel like that's how people are they expect you to show them a reason to talk to alright, then that's on a lie, saying I, think you're from New York right now, I'm from I'm from SoCal, not LA, okay, but you you live in New York I did live in New, York yeah for you, people they're, probably very pretentious as well pride stakeholder, absolutely like just like in a hurry. Maybe yes, yeah la definitely has a dude like if you go down to Hollywood, specifically, you find like some of the most pretentious douchey people in the whole [ __ ] planet like everyone's such a trihard, yeah, you're you're describing them yesterday. Oh it's the worst too, because the thing is that the ones are the worst are the ones that like they're like wearing, like you know, chains or what doesn't matter like they're, just dissuading nice stuff. You know expensive stuff, but it's likely not real, and even if it is by some weird reason they do this thing where they try to like push their ego on top of you and be like. Oh, my god, like look at all the things that I'm doing right and it's like soda motivating because it's like it's like you feel kind of like family I didn't realize you know I. Everyone only shows like they're, happy pictures on Facebook, and then you get the press because everyone looks happy and successful, but everyone has a shitty life, just like you, it's just what they present yeah and also when it's like a facade. It's also like more annoying because you it gets you confused and everything like say: okay, like a person that actually like has you know like a good, successful and whatever it is that they are they they tend. You know I'm, not, hopefully, to be a little bit more humble because they know that they they they are and they want to help people rather than push it on top of them, and that's a better like way to look at it. Let's talk about your Facebook page I want talk about your brand, so flow, hmm like what like I'm intrigued by like the facebook business by everything you do because you used to be on YouTube and you're. You, but you don't really make youtube videos anymore, you're, mostly on Facebook, right yeah. What is this so flow brand? You know like I. Don't think it is much of a bread anymore because I don't really push it so much. You know, I have the license content! It's a lot of work. You know I have to constantly be. You know, hitting people up and trust me I've like hired licensing, and it's not easier less just license, because you have to know that people, knowing that people get to the good contacts but uh. You know what I want my brand to be is not as important as what I want you know might might come as a whole to go forward. I, don't really care so much right now about the the solo brand, because it's just license content doesn't really hold much value, so more focus on building brands around like products. You know my Karelian to trying to get the e-commerce thing, but it's very difficult. It's a lot of money. You actually have to hold inventory. If you want to. Let me know the commerce you're trying to sell [, __, ] yeah, so I make products right, but no drop shipping right now. So that's a thing. Few dropship you can you make money and not have so much of a lot of raffia? What is that, like you, you ship directly from China he packets, it usually takes as low I mean as if you're lucky as low as six shipping days um, but your business is whatever or it can take up to like like maximum like 20, something to us like if you're unlucky and then us the world, it's like 30 or so, but rest of the world is used to like long shipping. I, don't know if you've seen like how long it takes like some or something Amazon right like it there. Nobody what's the business I, don't understand so we refined products online that are like going viral like we saw like the black mass stuff. We also did like the bra. This is like a while back that we were doing those specifically the bra, the like that I. Don't know if you've seen the the shop list bra that, like just sticks on and I, knew it is okay, so we like got some models to come in and then have them like try it on whatever made a video saw a lot of other companies doing it. So we thought would be interesting on like we take like kind of like some, like mini trends on Instagram, put them on Facebook, and it does pretty well, you only make decent money, but it's a lot of hassle is chargeback customer service issues, so it is a grind like I would say like if that's why, like I was telling you earlier like the mineral stuff and, like you know, advertising on that. Well, first of all, you make money from facebook. Facebook pays you right. Well, not really Facebook monetized, some pages, so flow used to be monetized, but then you know I, don't know they took it away this. This is when I was actually licensing concept, so they didn't have to pay you for videos right and then it was. Why did they remove it? Um I think just the backlash of like rebooting yeah yeah, because, like that was like obviously like I, was in a bad light, but I wanted to ask you more specifically. Do you think that we meats represented your free bidding stuff like when we made the whole video about how you guys were stealing videos and real podium? I think no, but I mean definitely were wrong about the the thing about like that. One account get them you found out who that guy was right. He works in your office right, he used to a long time ago, but he actually, if you look at his cause, that's pretty funny. If you guys, okay, because I've noticed this whole weird like what we called it Facebook like wandering back then yeah, where it's like one page will won't you'll, be like so you have this one page and you're like I. Don't free but I, don't steal, [, __ ], but my friend here steal, [, __, ] and I'll share his page. Hmm, like you, that's a thing that happens. I didn't say, and at the time when you, when you brought that up, though so funny, because like that I, don't even remember, had I shared one of their videos: ISM, yes, yeah, okay, I think what it was is I had bought a piece of content from him and the deal was like I would give him a share on top of like the payment but yeah like, but it was a piece of content he didn't make. No, he made it. No. He made it. There's the skies of content producer, okay, good ticket, it yeah. You had other channels with it like what the [ __ ], how they're not sketchy channels I run of like a non I claim. Have you heard of a channel? You should do well. If you do a call-out, you give too much attention as a thing. I, don't know what you guys catch it yeah later um. This thing is a catch, a cheater I know: oh yeah, I love same guy. No Louise know that look! Let's let me go to edit wait. Louise, wait! That's good ticket it! Oh my god! No fun birthday well! I had we were in concept with those guys for a minute after we made the video and are you [, __ ] kidding me: that's cazuca dude that guy's got to come at me and not say that that's him, so you guys know each other. Well. I met this guy at YouTube space a long time ago, he's like hey, like you're, so floating I like to me, love and then I liked guys number whatever and then we contacted later I was like okay, you make content, make content for us. His stuff is like not high quality, but it's like the craziest like most stupidest stuff. So it's funny and it works well, that's small because it looks so it is high quality, Facebook content. Okay, okay, can't even download the the that might be like if I download my own videos yeah, like I reload, my stuff, all the time, I, don't ask you and you when you click HD, you can't even get it like 1080p or whatever. It really hits. It's weird Facebook's intercept. Tell me: what's the shadiest [ __ ], you see on Facebook, because I I, look at Facebook and I see it to me. It looks like a total [ __ ] of what it seems like supersize Facebook. You know I'm a huge Facebook's. It well clearly I mean well I, don't know if you are not personally, but your business has thrived there yeah and it seems like there's it's like unregulated, when I scroll figure. Just for my personal side, it looks like a total [ __ ] skin looks like a scam. It looks like an Indian newsletter that the end is like send money to my Nigerian prince I get a total mess like what some [ __ ] you've seen on Facebook. Let that he wait like so weird is like stop I've seen: um I, don't know you know. I can't, like I, mean most I've, seen a lot of like annoying us advertisements like, let's paid for where it's like people like making so much money on sort of things like ty Lopez model, but for like e-commerce, because I always get that because they know like I, go on Shopify and all that kind of stuff. But it's just like it's. There are a lot of those like ads were like they are a little scam. Ëcoz like it's like. Why are you making ads about making ecommerce money when you can focus more on your that business when I? Don't matter that kind of less on what wait? You're, not a fan of ty, Lopez, aye Lopez know it's like you talk about the money that you make, but you make more money from talking about. Of course, when he's selling him Jack dorso virus, but I feel a lot of those on like rights right I, don't see that many crazy things I mean I, know. There's a lot of hackers are, like you know, living in like Asia like something like a lot of like people on Facebook from like Pakistan and Philippines, and some of those people like they are like that. Their stuff is like low-quality and like they somehow like they do like some hacky and stuff, but overall, what purpose? Oh, no I, just like they just get on peoples pages in this hack, primer and I'm, like like pages and [ __ ] like what's for what purpose you know just to get like some pages and I love that there's a whole hacking operation, just think it likes. You know why it means followers here, yeah I thought I felt like spur valuable on YouTube, but it hasn't gotten that bad, yet um, oh my god, back in the day when, like you, can actually like a video on YouTube and it wouldn't like influence like the growth that was like the good times now on YouTube, it's all about clickbait, it's all in consistency, you're how to be consistent with like your uploads and then that way. You like slowly rise to the top and, like now you're like number one suggested, no matter what you throw up yeah. Well, what's the dip, because you you started on YouTube. Why do you think that you were success? More successful and Facebook than YouTube? Well, I? Think I've made at a time. Okay right when you called me on everything, I was not making any money at all. Well, a billion views a month, zero dollars really so yeah. No seriously, all my money was coming from from YouTube. The only paycheck I got from Facebook at a time when I was by the tide was 16 K, which was for like a billion views a month, they're like 800 million views a month, and so because they kicked me out of the program, whatever I don't know so in reality, I wasn't making much money at all on Facebook. All my money was still coming from YouTube for a while. The only reason I decided to retire from that was because I started trying to do brand deals with my facebook and I was making some good money, but we're talking like I mean like even with like the big size that I had with all my stuff. You know: I was grinding hard to make 50 K that month and our expenses got to like near 40, 50 K a month on production on employment, all the other stuff you know, so it got to a point where we actually lost a lot of money just because it a media business has obviously take on a huge risk in terms of like how much money is spent versus how much margins you make. You know they make a high top-line revenue, but a very low margin on profits. So that being said, like I I really like it was not easy and Facebook wasn't exactly. They didn't become my thing because of the money it became. I think is I just enjoyed the fact that you can reach so many more people, I was doing on YouTube and I was grinding. My ass off and again like we were talking about earlier YouTube, is really difficult with the odds and it always has been right. So what was it that you saw in the long-term potential cuz you're grinding you're? Getting all these views on Facebook, but you're, not making any money but clearly you're doing well now, right, you're flying helicopters, you going to eat not really I would say: I'm just a I'm, a I'm, a I'm, terrible fighters right, I I would say that mean you spent a lot of money. Are you been I defended a lot of money, a lot more than I? Should what do you spend money on flights? I mean I took two two months off. Traveled all of Asia went to Dubai I like Dubai, still like Asia better because, like the people are like so chill, but yeah went to UK, that's I've been spending a lot of money on the travel adventure, stuff I, don't know I, just like I feel like that. You play poker - right, yeah, yeah gonna. Take me that you, like poker I, play I yeah I, used to play a lot of Poker back in the day I, but I took some [ __ ], heavy losses, boy and I was like I can't do this anymore, like man, and that was when I was in college like I was living on like student loans at the time, so my colors, because I do crazy stuff on poker. It's crazy did it well, there's something like only one or two percent of players are actually profitable over the course of their their like time. Playing poker. I was definitely one of the losers man, it's a brutal game. You have to play for so long yeah. You have to believe I. Will the true successful poker players are like mathematicians, dude they're like patient, and it's a grind for them right. It's not like this is like trying to do. There's straight-up crying just like it's annoying when you sit down another table and they're all grinders, because you're like okay, great at the way for my perfect spot, to get this person by a hair yeah exactly and that's what they do. That's how people are successful playing or you don't have to beat the other people. You have to beat the house rake, because when you think that the house is taking five to ten percent off the top of every box, every fairy want to type well like over the over the course of the other game. Maybe because, if you're shaving off like five dollars, every land I mean like the way so the way, the way that they do. It is usually like at a casino it'll, be like, like $8 7, based on dollars. It depends on how many people are sitting down. Maybe it's 8, and then you know the higher the the bigger the game you play, the better. The odds are for you because the houses are going to take. The work is, is less by 4 yeah. No, it's not less, but yet by proportionate, like how much money you're playing yeah. But that being said, you know you can play big games at a home game and they can be like oh yeah. The rake is five seven percent, and it's it's stupid. Like a person, actually, you know grinds, you can't grind you, you would lose to the house. You can't beat that high percent, it's actually yeah over time. It's not does it make sense, you are you losing player or you a winning player, probable, really -. What well I mean you get understand like I did a pat. Is it like a do? Look at it as a profession or like it's just for fun, no for fun for fun! I would I mean I'd love to do it, but it's like it's wet with anything in life that you like. You know that you do for like work and whatnot. You have to have like some sort of end goal that you're looking up to and as much as I like to win like World, Series and whatnot great right. It's still not like one of those things where it's like I, wouldn't feel so fulfilled like if I, just like once, I'd done, that, like I, feel like I need more I need something else. So I still like the business to uh, you know work that I do a lot but I. You know it's hard. It's hard to stay focused considering like I can just go travel right now and it'd be fun. You know. Do you think that you have a shot of winning? Will surge poker I mean playing I? Really that will shot, but do I have a better shot than like Phil Ivey. Definitely, no Phil Ivey, though that you're, comparing yourself to one great tournament players. Well, no I'm, just saying like a good, a good player in general has like you know that he could have a hundred times better. Chance then like, even though chance is a huge factor in tournaments like them, you can't just say: well, it's a good player. No, like you need help. When you go all-in, you need love yeah, so like Phil, Ivey who's like the best tournament player of all time. Let's just say if compared to like someone who's, just an amateur player, maybe he has like 100 times chance, better of winning, but still probably like half a percent chance of winning the tournament or something like that, I would say, like someone, that's like an amateur would have like very, very close to zero a chance and look if you look at the odds. So if you want like your phone and just go pocket aces every single time and you take your starting stock and you go to like the the winning stock first of all, your chance of winning like with pocket aces against like a like, whatever hands like 80%, let's say or 70, something that's depending on hand. You're not going to you add those like. If you multiply itself right, that's how you find the probability you multiply 0.8 one like 10 times. However many times you need to double up to get to the top you're looking at a very low chance of winning, even if you have the best starting hand, just when it all in recently right. So it there is a very interesting thing, but play for players. Can do it and it's just picking their spots really wisely and taking risks where the where they should you mean picking, spies and which hand to play spots us in like not just hands because a hand like yeah sure, like when you're preflop, that can can be considered a spot, but I mean like if someone calls you like I mean they're, a someone. Let's say some bets into you and you're. You think about it. You're like I could call I feel like I could hit my flush or something you can choose to call there. You know thinking that you know this first I'm sorry hand or you can choose to back away thinking that the first time is another hand. You know you you choose where to do certain things very wisely, as in like, even though like it's a 50/50 for you for like a 45 655, you end up going and taking like, though the right route right, a more conservative thing, because you think that over time, that's the right or the statistically correct thing to do right. Other think what there's a lot to it too. They know, like good poker players, look at the pot and they're crunching numbers like a Rain Man yeah forces like so much enjoyment out with your stock sizes right I mean like you're, not going to be like. Oh, like that person, blinked uh went when he was hard, not stupid. You know what a lot of the things are random, but yeah there's a lot to it and I think it's interesting because you learn to analyze risk without actually having numbers in your mind like clean cut all the time you just kind of have like a center, like a sixth sense to like knowing whether you're, good or not based on the range of hands. You think the person would be playing in this spot. Yeah, it's complicated. It's got to tell me like we should don't do the spot of the spot before I move on I, something a fun. My next poker losses. There we go, but I do have one question like well: how much money are you in on poker? Would you say, are you even? Are you close to even I? Don't know I, don't think I'm down that much I'd say like over like funny, because I obviously pay under age. If I say I play this long, unless I was playing in Florida but I think over like was it in three years: I'm, probably down 50 down 50. This is not bad, but I've done a lot from up your income bracket. I was like we good, but for a regular gambling, I'm, probably down the same gambling. What are the gambling? Do you play regular, like you know, like baccarat blackjack, but you know I've come up to I, don't know at the idea: I'm not like - like mad about it, because it's like one of those entertaining it's like I yeah I mean is not worth that much, but still like we're. Also going to get the same. Exact entertainment for cheaper yeah yeah gambling is a [ __ ] did [ __ ] median well, when I was in college, I used to I I won one tournament with 500 people took me. 12 hours played online there's a lot. We did I won like $5,000, very good and then immediately afterwards. I fell, [ __ ], like a million bucks same night, I took that money to a cash table. The byun was like like five ten, but it was no limits and it was like it was alright. It was a good game and I was like cool I got five thousand I'm feeling gravy sit down at this table, I fly, I died, I had like pocket, jacks flop, three of three of a kind, no Ezra and I. It was a flop, like the other tough work. Do you remember just roughly what you know yeah I know I was I was in the lead for the nuts yeah I had the nuts and then this guy calls me with like pockets. Hands he's got nothing on the board. I think catches a 10 on the river and I lost all my [ __ ] money and like 30 minutes of winning. That tournament, which was like the peak of my poker career I I, hit all in and whenever Ethan will play and I will watch and sit with him whenever he goes all-in and like I'm dying that one day well, I heard I know you because, like I see, there's some people I do take like the girlfriends and wise and like they're, just like they're just watching old time and I, don't know how much they know about the game. They probably know enough yeah, it's still like what they go hole in GC. So it's like look you guys, like quick, yeah, yeah, well yeah, but like that crushed me that crushed me to tourism and like that was at a time when I had no money. I was on a loan. Dude I was grinding, I was like waiting tables, I was broke, and that put me on a tilt and I. Remember I deposited like a thousand dollars after that to like catch back up. You know this gambler gamblers fallacy and I [, __ ] went to a cash game and the same thing happened and I lost like a thousand dollars and and I had like I was super I didn't play poker since then I'm lucky that had the presence of mind to be like this is [ __ ] up what I just did thousand dollars for me was like the world for me back then no I mean that's a lot of money, yeah my husband and 1080 kid yeah. That's a lot when I go play poker, like my losses, don't usually get that high right, like only like when I play big games, but even then like it, it stings, even if it's like 1,000, that's still life [ __ ] of her we had hurts also like I, don't you're doing it like for fun like you like it right, yeah you're, not one of those. What's been grinding forever and so like you don't care because it's a short-term loss yeah, you know for you it's a really long time. Yes, that was a life long, so I, remember being at like this realization, like man, I can't play poker anymore, but, like I, think some people wouldn't confess faced with that yeah. That's when gambling addiction stars in a path to do no horrible things, one of the good ways of like standing up- and this is it like people- will tell you no, you do stand-up earlier, but the way I do it to like. Really like get me like to stand up from any table is when you've lost enough and the things that you want to buy in and in a way that you're, not you, don't you don't bite, you don't get into this position when like you're like broke, but let's say, like you have like $10,000 and that you're willing to spend, then maybe you want to join at a table for like four thousand four thousand two thousand, like is the case. You lose them all and because you're okay with spending like ten, let's say that's, okay, like sizing I, would say because then you get to you lose all that you're going to get to this point where you realize in if you keep sitting down you're, very, very unlikely that you're going to make that ten back yeah. So that's like one thing that helps you like stand away. It's like when you get to that point where it's like. You know what even if I can see you're playing no matter how tool did I am about the fact. I want my money back, it's just not going to come back yeah, so that always helps and that's why it's important the size, how much how many bytes you'd be willing to lose right. Yeah all right listed this spot yeah, so we'll take a quick break. We'll do a [, __ ] sponsored Shh me Marino! Here. If you want to use the bathroom or something go enjoy it okay, you know say no! So we have. Let me see we got here. We can just play chess, not only for the next hour. I. Don't know we don't have a lot more time because okay so flow at 5:30. So thank you to our sponsor today, Vince arrow Vince arrow. Is this really great watch company that sells like high-class watches, for just over a hundred bucks? This is actually a really nice watch. Usually these kind of watches like this is [ __, ], beautiful good. These kind of watches is just how bad is this for you right now. No, no I, just it's over 100 bucks is a good deal. Look at this watch! Dude! That's actually beautiful. Like other brands, you know is so anything like way more expensive and it's like this is a good quality. Usually it watch like this cause that have you feels every day it looks at me. We take this plastic off ball here. These are for women, yeah I, like the girl boy. Look at that [ __ ]! That's a classy ass watch! No! This is really close here. Give that a feel dude feel the girth feel the weight on that [ __ ]. So let's fill this one. This is actually really likes. Trump wow! It's really good yeah! That is over order, so this Lisa start at just over 100 bucks, but I don't think they go over $200, but they're legitimately nice watches cut out the middleman material. You get save visit veni, vidi, vici. We Came, we saw we conquered, so it says like well, I mean II, that's what it means. Oh really, learning we were learning through water watches here he'll and that enjoy it. The more you learn, the more you earn. That's right. It took stylo paralyzed right thanks Doug. So this is like a leather band. Super nice front here, vince arrow dot-com, no, it's vince, arrow, collective calm, /h, 3v, int e, ro, collective calm, /h 3! If you go to their website right now, you get this classy beautiful watch, leather wristband! Can you can you it? Please observe the beauty of this watch. You get 15% off. They wrote here, build your legacy today. I, don't know if I will go that far, it's just a wash after all, but it is very nice. I don't know if this is where your legacy begins, but it is a very nice watch. What does that mean? Veni, vidi, vici, we Came, we saw we conquered. That's all on that. It's just like there's a lot packed an about. That's a lot packed in it sounds nice right. They mean vidi, vici. Anyway, you guys are headed to a wedding or Bar Mitzvah, always with the bar mitzvahs, and you want to look slanting hot ghetto. This one's really legit. Another way. If I saw that every girl would be like there, it's really lit damn girl, you want go on a helicopter ride. Well, let's go. Let's go baby. I'm! Definitely going to be wearing this, though, when I go to events, it's huge. So if you guys are in the market for a watch- and you want a slamming hot classy ass watch for an affordable price and you want to support our show- helps a lot go to Vince the go to Vince zero, like the collective dialogue. Slash notes is collective I kind of infused. Okay, the url's a little confused on be honest, collective. Why is it a collective tribute collection regardless? It's not collection, then cero collective Ben, cero, collective calm, / h3 link is in the description and should be spammed in the chat. Is it being spammed in the chat? Do um? Yes, knife was already there guys appreciate you. That's a really nice wish. That's like you have that guy here's mighty Snipes the like! Oh, it's not out so whatever check out their collection that they have a bunch of really amazing, amazing, stuff, free shipping 24 month warranty nice. Apparently they have three thousand five star reviews: I, don't know where those reviews are but I believe it, because this is a nice, a swatch, all right, I'm, going to I'm going to take a quick break. I'm going to the bathroom get a cup of coffee. We will be back in eight short. Two minutes, don't go anywhere thanks for sticking around. We are back and ready to slam here with so Flo Antonio I'm intrigued, I'm, really chilly by the facebook shift. How does your business small work now? Like you? You don't steal videos anymore um right now, like how do you select videos? How do you put [ __ ] on your Facebook page? Do you take [ __ ] from people still how many people work for you yeah honey, it's employees! You have that's a lot of questions that I won't ever know mom. We have about 1000 yeah, but we got rid of like two recently, because I came back for my trip. Yeah and, like things were like not good, because your laptop is when you go away for so long. Like you start to realize who's actually doing this [ __ ], we got people being lazy, exactly um. What is the okay dude there's a little theorises Boozer yeah I love it anyways, so top secret [ __ ], though, if you a cure, the guy said to see that no. This is definitely everybody like probably special, but I, think it was a Austin Fox. My thing was post for long. You, Carol, okay, so yeah no I mean more or less right. Now we're moving towards the the mid role like model or just like you know, monetizing through Facebook, I I, look like I, said: I, just love, Facebook they've, been great to like creators, I feel, but I'd only. It only got better over time and then they'll that Facebook's been bit great to creators. Yes, because compared to YouTube in the early days you, but it's completely different like Facebook- is just they have no like moral conscious. They have like they don't care about freebooting, they don't care about copyright, I think they're, taking a lot more seriously. Now, there's a lot of third party claiming and everything even like music. That, like is on our own videos from a long time before that we created that was supposed to be royalty-free. Somehow randomly gets claimed violate companies. Now they have rights, manager and stuff. Well, they better. Now that they're, introducing mid-roll, share money and like Facebook me see if there should do this. If you don't know the money that's going to be in the licensing business, so they should have been sued a long-ass time ago, Facebook I, hope somebody Sue's them and I hate Facebook. Whenever we get our video ripped off, you have nothing to do about it. I [, __ ] tried to send no but they're hired like recently they hire like 3,000 or so employees, and they all work with up. They said always to protect, protect people who are being like bullied or whatever, but no trust me most of them work on like on copyright. They would they like stop the [ __ ] I, don't know, but they beat up the [ __ ] out of like their their copyright, seem like they so seriously. When I we someone reuploaded one of our warm it up, video and extent the [ __ ] and cease and desist a DMCA and it never got removed yeah except keep giving me a dead end like on the DMCA process. It was really unintuitive horrible and I. Just got impatient. I never took it down. So, there's people making money out there hand over fist by stealing content and [ __ ] right and it's [, __ ] up and I shouldn't go on for years and I. Think, though, on the face when Facebook again, like copyrights, been getting really crazy and yes, if you want to talk about selling content, just go on Instagram Instagram, nobody make more money on Instagram, but it was the same thing on Facebook for the longest time ever since they brought on the the monetization stuff. That's when people start asking questions, obviously, and that's when, like Facebook start taking it easy I think they take it pretty seriously and they like done a lot of things and you can't just get away with it on Facebook. You will get strikes and taken down and now, if you use a video every time you get licensed for it, so right now, I've been recycling. My content for, like the longest period of time and recycling like um, does that work. Yeah it works. Can you enjoy solid video prologue colony? Or can you imagine on you to be uploading? Videos like that, like that's, why I think Facebook is a [ __ ], that's right, but don't like no quality control, their horizon. If we recycled our videos, that's what I'm saying just reposting for months, our old [ __ ], like this of neither that's not like. That's not like indicative of a place for quality I. Just one video I got like 40 million views and then I took it down because we filmed it and the lady didn't like the fact that we didn't blow her face when she signed and said that it was okay, interesting and then we blurred her face and then alligator got even more. What's up [ __ ], oh my god, such a trash website, I hate Facebook! Well, okay! So now you guys are making money. Now you have the mid-roll [ __ ], and you just showed me a screenshot, oh I'm, not gonna say who it was no, but I can tell how much I don't okay I want no I have to say I have to say it's Carly, it's like $1, CPI was user setup. Almost okay, I use your imagination, I'm, not gonna, say who it was. What does it matter? Sorry at $1 CPM you pretty much saying that you have to like do some basic basic arithmetic mmm a little bit less the one dog but by oh, really show me a screenshot of 50 million views, which you get all the time on Facebook. You see that [ __ ], like Joey salads camera, it's [, __ ], coming out, [ __ ] gets 50 million because there's no quality color, it looks like a breast feeding yeah, it's just you know sucking ass -, it'll. Look really cool I feel like. Why? Don't you think of brevity like like channel all it is, is like best meeting versus homeless guy best see here. It is it's a suit, but it's probably selling and that's ignore you- that's the kind of [ __ ] that does well on Facebook. So anyway, Antonio's show me a screenshot of someone who had 48 million views approximately and made like $45,000 $45,000 from some shitty [ __ ] Facebook on it down, because the Facebook reviews are like 25 cent watched a 25. Second, average watch time. I thought you just crawl in this concert of you right: yeah, that's crazy, but uh! Well, yes, yeah overall, like how's. Youtube, though, isn't like the how naughty my yams. Are you -, it's? Okay? How much of the CPI Monday's magnetized well before the ad pocalypse like I, bet a really range per channel right and for a video at best we would get like $3 CPM, but there's no go. It was great for us at the time that was like in December of last year, yeah we don't yeah. Those December I had the best yeah I know back in the day, though, some people are like no, no, it still happened. Yeah I was going to say their channel to get 10. The Disney Channel super brand friendly, a great brand friendly bloggers. Vloggers no I think the Jake brawlers is it all come on seriously yeah yeah they make is like making like totally and it all come on ten thousand dollars. There's no more like a hundred thousand dollars per video. Well, I, don't know hmm yeah! Maybe you mean a fast ten million views, yeah, maybe boom. You guys thought goes well, do you think did well I'd say out of it. There's like a lot already. I already made fun of them. Well, look they're not doing anything! Well, I like that video by those pretty. But it's things like that. Wait. The audio jungle pick audio jungle, the part where it's like the little insert like you're, making fun of like the music, but wasn't at you. You said that sounds. It sounds a lot of jungle, [, __, ], yeah, yeah, I, know, jungle, yeah, I, don't know jungle exactly I'm in the music video there's like a part which sounds like it was ripped in everyday bro. You're talking for jungle, I, don't think that I was actually, but that's so many I, don't know I watched so many videos. It was funny, but you know what the other day like they are killing it yeah. If you get hate for it known I, would let anyone in the spot like at their age. You know no, it's insane I'm, not hating, that for a cigarette, their success, it's just it's funny and I like the opportunity to like punch up. You know because these days that I mean there's not many people like super successful who are deserving of getting [ __ ] on. Usually it's like you, find weird [, __ ] and you make fun of them and that's not as fun or like it's, not good sport. So if I can find like Jake and Logan Paul, who are getting like, 300 million views a month and I can take a [ __ ] on them, I get punch up, I don't have to feel bad about it. So are you friends with any of the pranksters or not really I'm Mike, by the way, all the words yeah I still talk to the bad days, Joey, salad and even to you, they wouldn't say that it's real then, oh. Well, let's see Joey's like this hair is really honest about things and funny. It's like comedic to me, but no, you know they. Don't they don't like they like to keep on a house even but like the ones that can feel it. The most is about a granny they'll. Never talk about it, I don't carry. Would they kill me? No they're really good people. They scare me did you. You all went on like a boat. Ohio is always a great man. I love, seeing you on a boat I was like what the [ __ ], but you're sorts. What they are addicted to gambling. There is soda, really the Bradbury's. What are they playing a little bit worried? Where would they loved it? They just something that just on that phone wait. Wait! I, remember a scene when you were on that [ __, ] boat and you're, like I, just lost 3,000 I'm, pretty sure you like my book and I was like saw flow of a gambling problem. Okay, really I think maybe it's possible I went up like 2k and I went down like -. That's all I remember wasn't too much it's like small. It was my first time ever ever gambling like gambling gambling that not poker just saying yeah I've never done like real and something I thought I thought was so low. Joey told me they cook. If you gave money I liked extreme, it's like getting really yeah, you wouldn't do it the most and then he got lucky Joey told me like because I was talking abut that you were going to come on stuff and he was saying like that. You've used his content and not giving him credit or paid him. She texted me today. Joey was like throwing some some bomb, he said no, but he does it. He was immediately a bad bad way. No I'm sure you guys are cool cuz. He likes ice of yesterday knows that ever IV. That's why I was on the phone them. He texted me today he's like dude. Why did you try cutting me in a video I? Just came out of ten minutes ago. I, don't do the posting I don't do it? I saw you credit him yeah and then like that post. So then we fixed it, but that does happen means my editor, my publisher messes it up sometimes like I'm uploader I like shares people I share right. You know like get ship or shares with like shake page. It's like no been Phillips I, don't know. If you're like Facebook, okay well anyway, we do share for shares, and then we have like people that do the video uploads. So that's an actual job. The shares to Google. It was the only thing we share for sure. So I know that Joe is waiting for some money right. You know and I'm, not even that much I wish it was a lot. You know how much it is not yet because I've got it yes, baby I Joey told me thousands of dollars. I wish that just miss between you guys, bye, lovely I, love this whole, like oh hold on video. My radiation hold up from video, my ization the last month and a half we well last month for sure. I leave me like five thousand under my job really really yeah. So, ideally he covers some selling products and everything a job [ __ ], but even the mid roller thing enjoy was like Joey was like he license my [ __ ] and he doesn't pay me and he owes me thousands of dollars. Let's go over it up because I definitely a little a bit sad that much because we got paid, we get screwed over so much. We were talking about it today we got like that. They just took away the monetization existed before the suggested video today today was the day they removed it. So no one can make money from suggestive videos anymore. What does that mean suggest yeah? What is that man on Facebook there's suggestive videos in the carousel and like the little thing where you can swipe up into more videos, the third one or second ones, a suggestive video? You get that's a page placement, so you get paid. However, they stopped the sharing of revenue for that one. Is that like, after you finish, the video yeah yeah yeah? If you finish the video, usually scroll past it based on how much time they watched your video that that becomes the ratio of how much you get paid. Based on like how much and watch it yeah. Okay, we got jelly on the phone good too much chili. Are you there? Oh yeah I'm, not on the show yeah you're on with self-love I'm on the show. It's live yeah, it's live. Everyone go hallo me and Joey Sally. Alright, at a meeting you idiot it you're, muted, listen, I mean I'm here with so Flo and I was saying and I was saying. I was passing it on for you that he owed you a couple thousand dollars several thousand dollars, but he laughed he laughed. He laughed over several joy you're dead. We got screwed on my citation. You know it's not that good. So so he laughed when I said thousands and he's, like maybe hundreds talk about like I'd say like telling it tell him this remember a while ago, when we had our deal, he had a similar deal with op TV, the Moni G brothers. They got paid out a few thousand dollars and I was like where's. My money you're supposed to pay me out as well and so froze right. Yeah I got any money, wouldn't pay you anything you're right, you're, right, you're, right, good old feeling, I'm gonna go back and look at how every time Joyce hold on hold on hold on. So it's our old yield stacked on the new deal. That's fine you'll get paid no way how long's right is right. We a long time ago. We did this deal where two years ago, I'll do years ago, in my home, hold on hold on hold on hold hold. I know that let me explain what happened on there easily. Let's hear Joey today. So let's get to the bottom of this. We know we were paying people out like 20. What was it 25 percent of the revenue? It was like 25 right yeah, so the licensing deal was I. Would tag them to us. I would give them 25 percent or I, don't know whatever right, but what happens to us is that we didn't get the website because they took it away or something I. Don't know. We didn't actually make money that Joey sells so we'd have to pay out of pocket. We didn't actually make money, but we thought that because they obviously wanted to make money, why? Why did everyone else get paid out? But me I'm talking about two years ago, yeah I know that you were the last one to come on board and we are less or less the least views I. Think at the time I forgot, my videos will get we're going up same exact time, there's work and I. Remember they got a payout because I was talking them about it and I hit you up and you kept on telling me buyouts Kuhlman payouts coming as in last minute. We tell me all the sign of money and I never got to pay out and over the years I let it go and I moved on and then I worked out. This other deal with you, which would probably be hundreds of dollars. Oh yeah much, but I still want to get paid up. They know that I just know back. Then you owe me a lot of money when I what happened pull out it I'm confused. You were playing people out, even though you didn't make money big, howdy right anywhere. He promised. How did you calculate what you pay them, because, based on CPM percent right, so I paid him always see less than what than what was expected like I calculated, the numbers and I was like. Oh, they were supposed to make this much, but we didn't get paid a single dollar like it was terrible at the time you know, I was still, you know is like a year or so ago. I was still working, my partner and everything I was like okay. Well, what do we do with these people, because I want to keep their videos up and I want to delete them, and so we decided to do is like still family I. Think, like Joey I, think we pay like Kobe like do you believe this story? I, don't know go in, and now they make great points they make, let's say 100 to 300 dollars. Every million views so I'll go throughout calculate I'm, sure I, don't know how many of you I got on the so flow pages, but I mean I could go and check and see how much about estimate how much I would get but I'm just going to run message it down anything at all this stuff Joey. Why do you years ago? Why do you keep agreeing for him to use your videos? I have faith in him and that's so hard I just hope. One day, I will get a doubt. Video from two years ago we posted three million news hold on Joey Joey. You know I'm going to pay you out right, so much I'll pay you out, you're won't calculate the couple hundred won right. If that one's easy to do, and then we'll figure out the old one by the way I didn't make any money on it. So, on contract I owe you zero, but it's a good-faith. We did that good way to get us koji. You can add Denis I, don't know if I paid Kobe or debt, whichever one does Dennison like Octavia. Some of that ask them. I paid them out of pocket I'm not legally liable. That's opposed to you. Why didn't you pay me out of pocket, use my cell I think no out with ten plus billion followers with my videos, and you made money off of that exposure on your channel, okay right, but that's what I'm saying it didn't make any money at the time, but I still paid people, because I felt bad, because I structured a deal that I promised people that they would make a certain amount of money. I'll be like! Oh look, it's gonna make you about this much and if I show someone I, think Omega much and then it turns out that we make zero, not gonna, be happy. Nonetheless, I think the reason I never got around to yours was because you're the last person and the money that was supposed to come in would have come in later, and so we were hoping that we were going to get the monetization right, but it never came through. So that being said, you can look back on it. We're at the end of the year you're on calculated outlet at the end of the year, I calculated how many views my video has got on your pages. I remember: I was counting because I wanted to see how many views I got for the entire year, but I. Don't remember that by the time that you texted me when the heel turned a million views came for your age, 100 million well over a hundred million views. So what do you? What do you think that he owes you then for those views again, I guess if you had to guess I'm going through honestly, dude I don't know because it all depends on if he was monetize at the time and even if he wasn't may still think I surely do remember, and you know you know many followers- you gain from that. How many closing I'm games going through because I'm, not sure I mean you can't really check that but know well that you can check that Joey enjoy you go I know you can hold on. Well, you got to remember I, never get report a full screen hold on. No, you know they don't give rip, they don't give reports on like per video business, but I can calculate it out in this and I give it on. They give it our monthly basis, and we can judge by how many views you got that one. This is give a payment, but listen I hate to see what you guys couldn't talk, I hate to see you guys fight. How can we resolve this? Take care of it time. I! Think it's not even that much money, because not that much money, Julia and even then, even then, on top of it, if you make any of it, Joey didn't make any money. They don't owe you anything there. I always don't worry else. I can take care of you, I, don't like people to be unhappy so like like even if I shot, it was even a thought you were in the wrong, but, like you really meant that you really wanted something. Sometimes I go out of my way to give something that I don't feel like III agree with just because I want to make them happy, it's okay, it doesn't think they look at the end of the day. At the end of the day, you got understanding confuse off of my videos gained, probably hundreds of thousands of like Jedi work and get paid out. Money said the videos were making money and last minute, I don't get paid. That's all I know, that's all I know what happened. I, don't know what happened behind the scenes, whether you're being honest or not, I. Let it go at the time and I'm just hoping to get the money for now it all set and in the future would get better. All I know is I've actually multiple times that have your good fortune. I never did yeah no dude joy like we. We started like the deal or whatever I think like way. I wasn't remember right, you suppose your videos without any like monetization, deal like the longest time, and then you said that hey look Weez, we have to change it up. Are you guys are gonna, you guys are take care of this well. Well, how much you gonna pay here all right. What do you think he's a couple hundred bucks? I? Guess you know, I can look it up on do bucks? Can you get some photo couple hundred bucks for sure? How much is it share, we'll keep trying I, don't know, I tell them. I'll I'll do with no money. If I get a few share a couple chairs money, I'll juicers with no money, I wonder what do you happy forever peace between you guys so weird so like there was no money involved, but if we can get a couple of shares out of this, maybe we want to share one of ours for doing this. No mines that is overbroad, yeah, okay, all right, Joey I'll, even find the conversation can I even as I have to think with some chairs. If I wasn't getting money, he's always like. Oh I'll show you. If you share this video I, don't do [ __ ] for shares not coming up. Emily I mean, like some other kids. Yes, I actually know. To be honest, though, Joey I had no like I I, completely completely complete and I'm, not in a bad way, but I completely forgot, like I'm, not like well, if I, if I remember, if I was outstanding, that with you I would have come back to you and touched about it, but I completely true, so I apologize about so Joey. Are you happy? Do you feel like you got it off your chest? Are you happy with the resolution here? I'm happy, I wrote my trust, that's good! You he was holding on to this. Did you have any told me this over the phone you got to do it in front of all the cameras that are gonna, be like dude, this guy to the baby would [ __ ]. It was like you had a great talk. This was not planned by now. I want to get to the call him yeah everyone, it's a calling I mean I was like that's a great I know same book, I told you like I, don't have anything to hide like okay. My pod doesn't like you know, has to do something to do so. How many shares for to get this right for you Joey? Is it shares to make up for the deal, but I never saw phase four? Yes, no stairs! No! No! No! For the old one, I told anyone I there's to be square with everything. Okay! Well in my of that. Well, how many calls you got? No twelve Nellie well hold on hold on, although I have I have a has like 80 something million on my phone back on your phone yeah I manage a lot of people and I still pay like monthly fee, and they all don't want to fight people. You have access to 80 million. He has access to 80 million Joe we're gonna do a full pages. They have like a million and they got no activity. Somehow they do come. We want it just from straight so floor. Do you not want the whole social network? Okay, Jeff little bro, salad fans. They just don't know it's not your page anymore, so flow. You say: there's a lot still my date all right, so you okay! So yes, he has 12 million followers on so flow, the page. So how many, how many shares on so flow to make this right, I think five more a week? Wow. So is that a lot of actually I'd like to read my beautiful paper be fair though, but I be fair. The new and repost your own [ __ ], like people, don't give a frank talk: I'm trying to I'm working for you, Joey I'm working for you well as well. Antonio's like five is a lot but I'm saying nobody gives a [ __ ], because he's saying he reposts his own videos and the people they don't even notice right. They even notice so five shares over the course of a week may not be a huge loss for you. So you said want Lisa one a week, one away one per week, one per week, yeah once a week. How about we do will do for that way. We do one month, one per week, one per week. They're not doing! Is that good for you Joey, that's fine, I rule it Jake boom. Oh good, yo! Do it here. This was like this was really special. That's just some really special Joey. Are you feel good? You feel better yeah, good, I'm, happy that was okay, I really salad tomorrow, dr. Jose will pay. The Sears is I'm going to be soon again. Okay, you guys go to succulent world back together. You, you see my image you're, helping so flow out. What is neck neck Auto yeah, the president said: Brad brains are still min behind I know by the girls becoming I've been trying to get ahold of the grabbers for so long. They just ignore the other. Numbered act like I. Don't exist. No, ok, give you the on the line. Oh yeah, well, I didn't see why I should say no to that. Are you sure they're not going to [ __ ] kill? You were live on air right now, I mean I. I want this to happen, listen um! If you want to make mistakes, did I endorse it, get him on the phone yeah like you like people, you take the girl home excited tsunami did well. What are they? Gonna do I mean, hopefully, because he's forever scares me if he goes on a rampage was always an expose. We yeah I love. Small, your net yeah. Are you up to I'm driving? Are you what you drove it? You know what oh well Ethan wants to talk to you guys and so Flo, hey Moe, this Ethan, all of that hey dude! How are you mad and trying to get ahold of you guys for a while, but I like you guys, are real hard to get ahold of I I can understand. You don't want to talk to me, though I think Ethan's bringing the world back together. No I love, I, just I I admire your guys talk to one girl on earth. What up dawg, I'm nice, it's really nice to finally get to chat with you like I I, appreciate you guys, hustle I know like we've had our gifts and gasps and laughs, but I think you guys are super I. Don't you guys are hustled you're super fascinating people, I love to get the opportunity to talk with you guys and meet you sometime. Definitely better, though oh yeah yeah yeah on en la no yeah we're in LA. We have this podcast we've been doing now. We have so flow on and we had Joey on and it's always like a ton of fun. Let's get a roulette wheel in here. Yo Chad I want that the prankster Cruise reenacted live in our podcast studio. Now yeah we're in LA, but like I, don't know we just like having people in here and just kind of like seeing them as real people and not like internet the gifts that we do so I think it'd be cool to get to know you guys that's another Rebecca. What I meant oh yeah dude bring it spider-man suit. Oh yeah yeah we have a podcast, it's called it's called h2 pocket. Joey was on it a couple weeks ago. You can check it out if you want to get some idea of what goes on here. You guys people love me: I have girls in the bag. Dude we had girls in the back, yeah people like Joey South. Now, if we can make Joey sobs likeable I mean come on you guys yeah yeah yeah we good to go. Well, maybe the new you. Maybe people watch our videos I. Maybe they don't dislike you, but they're, probably like at best, impartial I. Don't know why people look just like a it's. Probably it's probably like the sip ranks, the fake pranks and maybe the well, maybe not disliking- for the spider-man Elsa ship more just intriguing, because you guys kind of pioneered that whole genre right, not just the pranks but the Spider Man else's stuff thanks, let's [ __ ], no matter what how does resin Elsa do if it comes like he doesn't know what it wears out when we love oh love, I do of Indonesia every time that she comes up. You want to call me later. You wait. Six flags. Are you in LA right now, no I'm in England, oh yeah, there's there's! No! That world exists here in LA mo mo. Where do you come in too late? You guys got to do trip too late. It's been like a long time. Alright, that's so cool Antonio, you probably, but go by until now, yo mo come to uh come to LA. Let's do what a good cruise again yeah passionately! You don't sink into it! Mellie things really talked about it in my group session, so it's just like it never happens, but one day mo. How could you guys act like the spider-man Elsa thing didn't happen? I mean, like I, saw the play button on the wall and your guys's cars in the garage and like the driveway, which body man also everybody talks about. Why do you do that? It's like you should have braised it. It's a beautiful thing. Yes, we are equal living in the house like pasta, Liang, don't oh I, don't know other people who did it? Hmm, so spider-man just runs in real quick, goes to say the dangers happy to live there, guys in your place, I don't want to get it cricket, I, don't okay, sure all right! That's fair! Anyway! I'd love to get the chance. Hey mo I'd love the chance to hang out and get to know you guys I appreciate everything you do and I wish you the best thanks very much la panel. It oh [, __, ], yeah man, I'd love, fun, you guys poop. Okay, all right, dude drive safe, drive, safe. You know, as you gone nice, is he gone Joey you just repaid your debt to me. I brokered the place between you and Antonio, and now you pay me back immediately. That's why I left yeah. Those were your buddies. Why do they deny it? It's so weird they should own that and so funny. I should totally own that, but it's me hold on. We enjoy to say like it is so funny like we're, like fixing the world one step at a time with our fake videos. Did you guys used to say that looks like we're helping so many people out we're doing these social experiments they're making people realize so many big lie kind of interesting. So what you guys have this? Like good boy, Joey, I'm gonna, hang up on your ass, okay, yeah! Okay, all right! Thanks man appreciate it. God bless the jokes all right! So that's the interesting thing so, like you guys used to do these fake social experiments, but in your running like we're doing a good thing for LA I was even doing the social experiments that were, like you know like Oh like raise awareness. He was but I was posting them and, like other other people, you fell, enjoy a positive impact on the world. Well, we're joking about it, because it looks like it's kind of like a shitty positive impact. It's like sure, like you, can be a lesson, but whoever the hell listen and not realize that this is like the fakest [ __ ] ever I, don't know how they fall. It looks so fake, maybe baby. You know that what so that's one of the reasons I hate Facebook is I feel and you have to agree. The people on Facebook who consume media are the most gold elbow. Let me because you don't like that, for example, I visit the Philippines just a month ago, now I love this beautiful, beautiful, beautiful place. They, though, really look up to Western culture and Western media. They think it's amazing. They love Facebook, really good people, I had [ __, ] love that place, but it's like it's [ __ ], like nice, Mecca like nice people, but that being said, because you know they all speak English out up there, what not like they really. They find it really intriguing, they seem like the you know, the United States and everything like they. You know they just they never actually seen it, but they see it on there on a Facebook and it's like so intriguing to them, because a different American culture is Facebook media, that's not for a while, so everyone's running around doing social experiments or like any, and it's all you guys, you guys are nice, sometimes I'll, see my family members in Israel, share your sharing soul flow and I'm like God. What the hell you guys say. The problem I have with like the social experiments in [, __ ], is that you like and don't usually have like a uplifting message, but the setup is something really [ __ ] up like people, stealing change of a homeless persons cup, and then the comments are like man, I can't believe. I can't believe people- and you know it's a little thing. It's like so like the model, is usually to create something. That's so outrageously like stupid and like I'm, they are likely to happen. The way that happens is still also communicable, because the way happens. It doesn't make sense like. Is that just being a bad person, so people are like you know like if you see like the one with a cheater one that the that a genocide or whatever, for example, the that the dentist TV one with like the Pikachu, whatever what happened in the one one were like the ones wearing like a Pikachu costume or something, but what happens in it? I don't know like they catch like someone, cheating and like they're, doing like some cosplay like weird stuff, like they'd, make it as goofy as unreal. Is it and you know some, you think that it should be obvious that it's fake I, don't think I, obviously they're trying to portray it that it's not they they're, not making a parody they're making. It seem like it's real, but I think it should be obvious, especially with so many people saying it's fake, like you like, but not the Facebook, like ecosystem is different like on YouTube I feel like every time. It's obvious and pranks have kind of died down on YouTube as a result, but you there's no way to like reach our audience on Facebook and be like hey this shit's fake. It's kind of interesting to hear you say that because you're sharing it you're promoting this content, but at the same time you feel like, if people found out that it was fake, they're almost were killed your home market um. Not really you don't think so. I don't know it's just it's still freaking funny. As [ __ ] like to me, it is yeah, but for that kind of stem a day, I run a comedy value. They watch it because we're the top. You can actually do the [ __ ] bars, where it's like this [ __ ] will change your life right. You think you invent invented. Uh was the first one to like start actually capitalizing on that it killed it and then it bars I also invented the thing everyone was doing it like their own way, like with black made black background and white text. I was doing it always white background black text when I only did bold right and yeah I had the Moses when I first started, but then I only then I decide. I wanted a punchline word always on the bottom, because I felt like it was, it would grab people and it works. However, I still seen a lot of better ones where they write out their own thing, but that was my signature. I feel like it, it was, did you invent it? I would I was in the first one ever cuz in Twitter on Twitter there's still people like putting like they did it, but I was the first we're not actually capitalize on it right and back in the day, a lot of people that used to do like black on black background white. Now you never see that almost ever you see black background and white text. It's almost always a white background. You have that signature black text on white back that white text on black background yeah. That's like a white background, I'm like to reverse it. Does it matter so you in a way Facebook have to leave soon by the way or you live. Do you have a ghost story, a ghost yeah, that's a tough one! I don't know, have you ever lyrical, you don't believe you down, so it was something paranormal a paranormal otherworldly wait. There was this one time any, but it wasn't to me. Okay, it was it wasn't to me um, my my friend I used to live next to a friend, next-door neighbor and they like texted me and they're, like dude Ian, to come over here. Volvo and I. Wasn't there when this happened, but you know all of a sudden apparently like there was just like sleeping and there passed out and this the the screen door that were like the sliding like glass door, just cracked and it wasn't, it didn't sound like something hit it. It or I, don't even know what it was, but they looked around. There was no rock or anything I hit it. There was nothing. I was like freaked out cause I. My dude, like what does someone come in like hit your glass like signing door or something or I, don't think those things just break, but I was finally the weirdest thing: I mean I, don't you weren't there I feel like there's always explanation, something yeah, that's a guy. So for me for me, I'm just kind of like a wave it off with, like probably with that, but the weirdest thing was that about you, guys, yeah, so not really! No I, don't like that. Just kind of I. It's interesting because we bring guests on here and they sometimes have really incredible spirit, ghost stories and I'm weird, like non-believers, yeah I'm the same way I'm the same way like people have told me like crazy stories. I'm like dude, there's, no need a filled, fell down like you, you miss something or or like if it's real quinces I, don't like I forgot what it was. I've heard, some really weird ones. So it's like oh yeah, like this happened to like my grandmother or whatever, and like happened to my father's crazy stuff, like that I got come on yeah hop stuff, even like with the technology a technology like involves that you realize that, like these ghost stories and all that stuff trying to like die out, it's like a lot of fake ghost stories yeah but like in general, like you know, maybe that people believe it maybe it's fake, but so then they believe it it's real to them. What's the difference, I have one last question for you. What do you think about like? Because you said you think that this [ __ ] should be obviously fake, but on your Facebook, it's getting like 50 80, 100 million for areas like what? What do you think about Facebook users, dude well, I mean if you look at all them, you have to be on Facebook page right, so yeah, yeah um. If you look at the messages- and you read, the messages of the people are coming, it is like they're, so weird, like people asking for like charity, help all this test out and like the way they type. It's like really weird like it's just like you man, they typed terribly like they, don't like they don't they're, not smart, a lot of a lot more dumb people and you think, but they're not you guys on dialer wait, they're, not they're, not necessarily foreign, like I'm, not saying there for in there like there's a lot of like really weird like American people that, like I, got message or whatever. If you look at the comments and everything the top ones are pretty clever, usually because the ones at the top like, if you read some of the stuff like the long ones, did they chose what kind of person they are yeah and you read the loved one. It's just like stupid or like weird. That's when you get to know like the kind of people water that it's video base book is a good representation of like America of like the people who are out there. I'd say that I mean they have two billion users now I think it has a really good representation of the whole world, and some people are dumb kind of right, yeah, more or less they're. Just like dumb yeah I, don't know, there's a little lot. There's a lot. People are a lot more ignorant than you think, but why do you think people are so willing to accept all this Facebook content like the stuff that you share and stuff like they're like this is real and you see the passion in a common older people that you know they don't know that's going on. They don't listen to you know your your videos, I, don't know a demos I assume it's mostly like a 24 hour, that's right, a 24 and then 13 18, the second, it's actually the other way, although YouTube analytics are not just for this. All that's true, that is a lie, hid yeah yeah. You have to be at least 13 our YouTube channel or some toilet. You can't, we have to say you're 18. Otherwise, like is restricted content with your actress, so everything is kind of skewed towards being over 18 and all the statistic, that's true! That's why I like I feel, like your Facebook, maybe a little bit it's what I laughed when like youtubers are like I. Don't have kids watching me. Look at my demographic, it's all 18 to 24 and it's like the real test is who's at VidCon waiting for you when, like when you see Jake Paulo, let's go remember to survive again. I was like younger self, a couple videos there I was like I can't [ __ ] ever go there, I guess like jacob logan paul there, and it's just like hordes of kids dude hordes of kids man. Well, it's just like in general, like sometimes like, there's some having like all these like influences or whatever. Some of them are like very, very down-to-earth, but some of them are not. You know and I don't like when they like not down sir especially cuz I. Don't care I, don't care if I you have like 50 billion followers, yeah I'm saying like you'll, have people I have less followers than you think that they're more the [ __ ] than you right and everything like that? That's not cool you gotta be done, sir, and so I don't like going also I feel well, even though I'm 22 I'm pretty mature, like I, don't I, don't like hang out with people my age I, often so I don't really enjoy like that crowd to they go out there and you know I think I said I just do things that you know I like to do I, don't like it! Well, do it so you're on a flight where you're off to Vegas play poker. I'm gonna play some poker yeah get in there, shake it up. What are you playing? What's your game? Uh I play well. I'm gonna try I'm going to play some tournaments to be fun but I. Finally, the vibes usually got a 1.5 K 2 K 3 K, but I'm going to try to do the main event, but I don't want to do it by myself. Well, serious poker, the main event yeah, which is what's the binder that we get after it's a 10,000, but the things that you usually losing almost on keeper say almost on your brother. You can make your money back if you like, make it into the money, which is a top 10% of the field. Let's say feel doesn't like all the people playing interesting, but I'm not going to Paul I'm, probably not gonna pay for the whole thing just because it it's very, very unlikely to be so profitable, so I'd rather have somebody like you know, have other people like your friends, be like old. You want to throw it and they there now I have a lot of friends that will like the steak would love to you steak. Other people know there. They stable yeah those ones that would like to not because I'm good, but because they want to like fun. It's like sports, better yeah, yeah, so like I. So when you play World Series of Poker, if you last till the final round, that's like a week long of straight playing, yeah yeah but I wouldn't mind and by the way they also know the final table out there, which is like I, do have to go. Though. Okay was an amazing time. I really had a class dude. It was. We had a lot of laughs yeah. That was a gags, never gags. We're had class. That Joey sells call was a real real momentous thing. Those foot and nothing I told you like I, speak highly of a guy like, despite or like all like, so that you brought a like the the jackass videos that you used to make was I get into them, whatever. What yeah yeah yeah, but he's a smart guy, yeah? Well, so so khlo I brokered this peace between you enjoy so I need those. If you don't do. Those four shares is hey, look bad of course, of course, all right all right, thanks for coming as we all cross. Thank you. So much all right, cool.
