Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast, the world's premiere podcast. Is that truth when we say that now people are talking about it on the streets? If you ask people on the street, hey have you heard they shoot podcast 99.9% of them will say not 5.0 1% of the world's population is probably a really big number I mean, technically speaking, today's episode is sponsored by nutri, full and stamps com. Evo. Welcome to the show. How are you doing today, good, especially now that my hair is covered I'm doing way better I noticed that your work, you think, you're having a bad hair day, yeah that, what's going on uh-huh I, don't think your hair is bad I! Think your hair always look I. You know what's interesting about you when you think you're having bad hair days are some of the days I think your hair looks the back. Doesn't that interesting, I, don't know if it's a worse, you know. Does it make things worse? For me know what it just means is that, like the way that we see ourselves in the mirror is has absolutely no relation whatsoever to how people see us in the world. Maybe I feel like that's that. That's just that's just plainly, true I found that to be true in my own life right, a book can start a cult. Whoa, okay, Cole I mean I, recall that be fantastic air cool air cult firm in no. But it's true like when you look in the mirror. Everybody has these little quarks right. They they're just used to seeing themselves a certain way. So when it's off you're, like oh I, look awful, but really everybody in the world sees you the same way. Do just think about everybody. You know you don't look at them and be like. Oh, he looks like [ __ ] today, they're, like no that's the same person. I said yesterday there is a variance yeah, but usually it's based on the range. It's a small range and it's based on really like clothing and mood more than anything, it's not like. Oh they look like [ __ ] today. You know what I mean like how harsh do you judge yourself when you look in the mirror like when I see any of these guys or you it's like. That's ela, that's Dan! That's that's in don't like oh dude, you know I know but you're an enlightened guru. No, that's good! I'm spearhead movement. No, you saying start to call it yeah. Are you signing up I did that was consent to my cult at the merit, and do you mind if I [, __ ] other women, because that's kind of a big deal about being a glass, not not the hair cult? But we don't do that. Oh, we don't, but what's the point having a cult if I can [ __ ] other all my everyone else's wife in session light and people, how some? How every call, no matter what it's about or who it is, the head of the cult is somehow [ __ ], everybody's wife. That has nothing to do with it. Of course, they're like listen to it. God told me to [ __ ], your wife bro every cool, it's crazy! It's awesome! It's an awesome thing about colds and the dudes are like cool I, mean God, said [ __ ], my wife, so just go for it bro it's an honor, it's an honor! You honor me yeah Vin Diesel. What are we doing here? Why are we here today on this gracious Friday Saturday, for you watching it I, hope, everybody's staying, safe, I hope everybody is uh. What do we do? You know I, don't know what to do. I'm talking about the covet thing: I'm, not gonna, talking to I'm, just talking spiritually I, just feel so bad for everyone. You know like all these protesters, like here in California, in New, York, everything's, locked down, but all around the country, people just wanna get back to work, cuz they're broke and they have nothing no option so I feel so I just feel badly for everybody. You know I, just I, don't know I just wish everyone the best. That's it and we are and remember. If you want $500 for free on Twitter every day we are giving out $500 of cash to three people every day like they are. We on now 32 I. Think yeah yeah there's crazy house like long 100 days yeah, but there you go. You still there's a still a lot of cash up for grabs. So congratulations to all the winners. Now you know what speaking of kovat. We had done a segment about so Flo Antonio about how he's in South Korea in the bars livin it up. I know, and let me should pull up this clip to refresh everybody's memory- is that we saw him in the bar and we're like how is this [ __ ]? That was just last week. I was like wait. Did it how like they're, sharing bottles peek pandemic? Let me show I need to mute it. You took no fun anymore. It's like oh, do I need to mute this guy breathing, but anyway, he's in these clubs sharing bottles with people, apparently they're wearing masks, but they're all around there. Now people are not I mean they have masks on, but they're not wearing them properly. You know, but so Flo. Let me ask you: why would you record you sharing a bottle with somebody during a pandemic, I mean in South Korea too. That just seems that just seems over-the-top what about it's so crowded? It's you know. It's like a nightclub. Yelling is shoulder to shoulder. I'm surprised that that this is going on in South Korea, but they're way ahead of this pandemic way more than we are, but okay against South Korea knows what they're doing and then sure enough I saw this headline and I was like holy [ __ ] holy [, __ ]. Listen to this headline spike in South Korea infections, linked to one man's night out, I was like holy [, __ ], so flows the super spreader. This hole has once again closed down its bars and nightclubs. After an increase in corona virus infection was linked back to one South Korean capitals, entertainment district, most new cases have been traced back to one man holy [, __ ], so close [, __ ] it not only not only the place America that he had to bounce to South Korea now he's super spreading in South Korea. Where is he gonna? Go next? Isn't that so funny jeez, if I mean damn if I'm on just on Instagram being like ooh that doesn't look safe, yeah I hope that South Korea government would be more ahead of it than me on instagrams the stories, but there you have it so so so Flo has shut down all nightlife in South Korea. It's awesome, just a prank bro I mean listen, they add up. It says a 20 year old man tested positive for the corona, but how it is so fun. Maybe that's older than I looked at that leaf, not ages, don't match I. Like knows it so Flo yeah I want to believe it too. But 29 year old man tested positive for the corona virus. After visiting several clubs and bars there that weekend, it's crazy, 25 I think he's 29 he's 25 he's 29 no I'm just kidding, so that was that was funny. That was very funny. You know that's right. How funny all right? How funny was that I will get that like I, mean they'd, be funny big funny. My initial reaction to the headline was like that's funny, so I, don't know how you rate that, on a scale of one to ten, but pretty high funny, no medium high funny about a way funnier than this conversational funny. It is. How do we get mobility marry back on the radar, because this we found him a new mobility marry video we haven't seen. Zack just came up with this clip out of nowhere. You know it's on my channel a youtube channel called the ghost of Mobile named Harry she's awesome. It was on the subreddit Zak you gonna have to comb through this channel and find find other ones we haven't seen. I was so happy to see to see her again I miss her. She just stopped posting videos and I hope, she's. Okay, you know the the crazy thing about mobility. Mary is that she's in Santa Monica so like the the chance of us hunting her down there or pretty high yeah like if I took my scooter down there and just cruised around there's a good chance. We cross paths in. Can you watch every video on this channel? You pick out the goldies sure thing that was Ian I said: oh I'm, sorry I, thought I said: Zach, okay, great, so I don't have to do that. No Ian is yeah. I have an on some top-secret work. I didn't even want to say anything more or not so Zach can you what can you blitz splurge on the mobility marry? Thank you, I wouldn't be happy to. Thank you. So much all right, listen, listen! Joy, I mean this is a treasure like I feel like when you're a treasure hunter goes and finds a shipwreck and brings up these. Like rare Spanish coins. You know that's what we have here. So without further ado, my friends I bring you Whole Foods parking lot, idiot and handicapped area by mobility. Mary ability, Mary is just cruising up: the whole foods and there's people chit-chatting, and this blue area, what's huge by the way he's a whole food, employee, I'm, pretty sure to parking lot is wide open, doesn't miss Abby. How about if I call the police you're insane welcome to mobile bet, you're in mobility Mary's world now [ __ ]. By the way. This conversation is taking place in a huge, empty parking lot yeah. She has no trouble going any there. I know, there's like 30 feet, wide handicapped crossing and it's completely empty. Oh really, yeah you're insane I'm out here doing my job. No, but you're doing it illegally, good, okay, let's just see so then she charges in and it ends abruptly, but it looks like she was about to jihad the whole foods she's, a true she's, a national treasure, and we miss her dearly ability marry man. You know my fit is just great that he's actually he's an employee like take a look at the guy. Oh yeah yeah. It's awesome he's really barely in the you know, you know, maybe that maybe she Paris did. You did a suicide bombing. The Whole Foods there cuz she at the end, she's like, let's see what happens and she charges in hey. What's this man, she's gonna drive him to all the water. That's what I thought she wouldn't put herself in risk. No mobility marry! Where are you? Why would you leave us at a time like this? When we need you most? It's like bat, the bat signals up and nobody's coming for home. The scooter signal is up mobility. What would I wonder what moat what god I would love to just give her reality? Show I mean seriously just bring some cameras, follow her around that put that on TLC call it like my mobile, my my mobility life. You know oh [, __, ], guys I bring you good news. The Colombians have invented a bed that turns into a coffin this [ __ ] is just so dark and I just found myself laughing at just how about what a [ __ ] mess we're in here and just how dark to imagine just imagine if you would for a second that you go to the hospital and they put your ass on a [, __, ], cardboard bed that doubles as a coffin you're like oh dude I. Do not like my odds right now. I, don't like what this says about my stay here in this hospital [Music] bro. Here it is watch this. It's great Columbian design, companies making cardboard hospital beds cardboard coffin, like your ass, is being shipped FedEx can easily be turned into a coffin if the patient dies sweet. You just push down lower that there's a live person there dead. These cardboard beds are made for people with coronavirus, just remember to fold the lip, and that means that if the patient dies medics good enough to move the body, I mean it put the FedEx label on top right prepaid envelope. It's awesome able to hold up to 150 kilograms of body weight, that's impressive hospital beds and coffin during short supply in the state of the Amazon. There you have it. We are it's impressive. We've got 3000 of these babies coming a day, and there goes one poor soul, he's being shipped off to so crazy he's being returned to Amazon I want a refund on my life. I love. This shot. I found myself just giggling about this image, because it's just so like this dude's dead right, apparently and they're like all right peace. That's a good idea! I'm, not gonna hate on the idea. It's just a little [ __ ] up. No, but it's funny. You know, but I, just love when your ass hits the hospital make sure you. If you get that cardboard bed boy, you better plug in you better, say your prayers, because your ass is getting FedExed overnight into the earth. You are getting a priority shipping ground at UPS underground, you fia's underground. No signature required straight into the earth overnight. Thank you, race. Come think. It's time for your first read. Well, thank you to a new sponsor of ours: nutri full nutri, full baby. It's a pill! You take every day that strengthens your beautiful hair, 80 million men and women in the u.s. experiencing thinning hair. Yet we are still not talking openly about the problem. It's scary is stressful and it just adds to problems. Control, isn't given it's taken, take charge of your hair growth and make the next few months your time to grow. Thicker fuller, healthy here at a time with self care, is more important than ever. Every day is an opportunity to just skip damaging styling tools and chemicals and focus on better hair growth from within. Oh good good point: you know it's about your own responsibility for your hair as well. Millions of Americans experience thinning hair, it's common, it's even normal, but it's not openly talked about so going through. It can feel lonely and frustrating it's time to change the conversation and join thousands of people standing up for their strands with nutria ful nutria ful is formulated with potent both botanicals to help you grow hair as strong as you are. You are a big beautiful, strong man or woman, and it's physician formulated to be 100% drug-free, nutria, full physicians formulated to be 100 percent, drug-free. Folks, I'll say it again: they use natural, clinically, effective botanicals for better hair growth throughout the whole body on top of thicker, stronger hair without laser or chemicals. Neutrophils ingredients may also help you get a handle on better sleep, stress response, skin nails and libido visit, neutrophil calm and take their hair wellness quiz for customized product recommendations to put the power to grow, thicker, stronger, hair back into your hands and when you subscribe, you'll receive monthly deliveries. So you never miss adèle shipping is free and you can pause. It cancel anytime. Does it work yes and clinical studies? Nutri full users saw thicker stronger, hair growth with less shedding and three to six months, whether you're experiencing thinning or not. You deserve hair as strong as you are neutrophil can help you achieve your best hair growth. Naturally, you can grow thicker, healthier, hair and support our show by going to neutrophil dot-com and use the promo code h3 to get 20% off. This is their best offer available anywhere, plus free shipping on every order get 20% off at nutria, full calm, promo code h3. This is the best offer you're ever gonna find spelled. N UT are a fol comm promo code h3 for hair as strong as you are. I asked for embarrassing talks and I received embarrassing tip time, I'm very happy to introduce to you all our first one guy dumps giant gallon of cereal on Subway as a quote prank. This really brings me back. Doesn't it to the good old days of YouTube? Imagine if you would please that there's in the middle of a pandemic, people are already uneasy about being on the subway. There are cleanup crews going through to sanitize, and this this [ __ ] [ __ ] I mean what can you say about this guy I'm just gonna play it for you. First accidentally dropped on this subway today, but I was like. Can someone help? Surprisingly? No one offered so I had to put all the soggy cereal back in myself. Someone was like I cannot believe this is happening. I was like I can't believe this is happening again. Thank yo you're such a douche and I like how he thinks he's an app is sort of like a rest of development. You know no dude you're just on the subway car and everybody hates you. You know, but just imagine like you did. Let me tell you something: the people who work for the subway system in New, York City people die. People who work for the subway system have died, okay, they're literally putting their lives on the line and they're frontline workers and for them to go in there and have to sanitize the this cart and clean up your [ __ ] bro. You should be [, __ ]. What do we do with him? What's bad enough for him, what do we do? I'm, gonna put. You know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna put his ass in a [ __ ] cardboard coffin and send his ass Express underground overnight? What do we do to this guy? What's bad enough to do this guy dan? What do we do with him should have to you should have to clean it up? You should have to eat it he's going on it. That's a fair punishment! That's a good fair punishment. I think he's asking needs to be put to work. Sanitizing, subway carts at the reality. Yeah I really hope that the authorities I mean he's clearly identified himself. He is a [ __, ] Joshi on tick tock appropriately named, so the authorities should be able to track him down for a why. Why would you do this man and by the way he got it and let me just let's watch and he got it on homie shoes yeah, let's go back to the beginning and do a play-by-play watching the podcast back last year and I clear my throat a lot and its really annoying. So apologies, just one I need to turn away. You can't drink. Yeah. I know the coffee's does bad for me. Okay, so homies on the subway drop dude. He gets it all. He gets it. He gets it all over their pants and shoes. Look at that splash zone. Homies jeans has milk and cereal on it. Now this guy needs to get his ass, beat I feel like somebody on the train needs to be it just slap him. Can we get behind violence, physical violence or no? No physical violence? If somebody slapped him, would you still post the video oh yeah dan can I? Can somebody slap him or is that a no just a bitch-slap not like not like it? Can somebody slapping I've been saying? Is it wrong? Is it wrong to wish somebody to bitch-slap this guy? No. Thank you, I think it's maybe wrong for you to say it on the I'm, not saying one of our fans to go. Hunt him down I mean on the subway. If somebody was like dude, you deserve a bitch-slap for that who got milk on their shoes like I'm, the tough guy I. Wouldn't do that. I want a bitch-slap anybody! Okay, I'm just saying it sounds like you're saying someone should go home, no I'm, not saying that! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! That's not what I'm saying. Let me make that explicitly clear physical violence is never the answer, and let me also say that I'm, a [, __, ] and I cower away from physical violence at any. Every opportunity that it's presented to me. I am a coward and a [, __, ] and I definitely want to bitch-slap this kid. I'd probably just feel like I'd, probably just walk silently off, like they did to be honest, I, look on the New York subway, [, __ ], happens and, like you, don't even want to know like you, don't want to go down, you don't know. This is just some corny Viner like this could be. You want to go into their world on the New York subway, [, __ ] gets weird and all of a sudden you, you know, I mean this. Guy's got a grenade in his pocket and he's talking about trying to kill toucan sam. What's the name of the guy from fruity pebbles yeah, that's Duke and Sam yeah he's talking about jihad, Angie Kenton! If we're all pissed about - Ken Sam, they redesigned him this past week. Oh, oh! Well! Let's look into that. You want to see new. Take a look at new toucan sam -, kids - can't Sam is our Froot Loops yeah, didn't you say: Froot Loops yeah, pretty used to fruity pebble, Oh, huge difference, big difference and to all my homies with hairy backs this one struck out to me this one's actually not from tik-tok I found this just casually browsing Instagram and I was like there's like a whole new genre on Instagram videos of barbers, doing like crazy fades and stuff. So I expected to see the dude get his back shaved or something, but what I did see shocked me. We're gonna have to remove the audio from this, but here and what I found was a was the dude was just getting like blow-dried, his back I was just getting blow-dried. This really like I was too insane to be real. What the back air the blow dryer back her that's real back hair and blowdry the blow John I'm, not sure. If people go and get their back hair done, you know they look. Good is bleached tips. That's definitely real back here, though where's the shoulder I, guess so clean. He shaved that you know so. This nut doesn't show over the hairline Dan barbers put up with a lot of [ __ ] like I. Can't imagine I can't imagine blow-drying a dude's back hair like so casually as he is. You know, I! Guess we got that much back hair, you better! You better! Glow up! You know it's crazy, yeah salt Bay insult Bay keeps coming up on my feet. I've talked about him a lot he's obsessed with when he he's obsessed when he comes out with the steak and it went anytime. Some girl with like big titties, comes to his restaurant. He insists on putting the meat on the edge of a knife and feeding them and what seems to be like a forced sexual act, but that, but the girls seem down, but this one struck out to me because this one's a little kid he's forced eating and I'm just I'm kind of so over sulfate. Like first of all, can we all agree that this is no way to season your food, especially if you've got a nice steak? I mean this is just no way to season your food. He just dumped a pound of salt on it right and so he's gonna he's not using the knife, but his dirty ass meat gloves is going right into the kid's mouth and, of course she doesn't want it. You're a weird dude and his knife is pointing at her too. Like isn't that etiquette not to point your knife of people? Imagine the strange man is trying to force me into her mouth with a dirty glove and his knife is pointing at you, I'm not enjoying this I, don't like that. The parents are so excited about. It, though, take the meat look at me with the knife. Yeah I can't get enough assault bay, but I do not recommend seasoning your food, like that goddamn it it's starting to piss me off with the shoulder sprinkle enough salt Bay next eel I've got new bad tattoos. Free drape, this one's been showing up in my feet a lot and I just need to get your take on it. The two it has like honestly, a really impressive, so bad, it's impressive, so the guy's got like a black hole on his dome and it's really impressively done from a 3d point of view, although if you look at it from my other angle, what it know only from this one angle so that I'd like to see it from any other angle. It probably looks quite quite weird: you don't like that one! You wouldn't approve! Well the good news about the dome. Just grow, your hair. You can just grow your hair out, Sam I'd hate to run either back on the New York subway, with a with a tub of cereal I'd, be like holy [, __ ]. What is he gonna? Do it that cereal okay? So how does this fit? Is this worse than Ben's? Is this the worst I don't know who the guy is he's just like it's actually Kevin Costner. You can't tell me that I really hate it when I actually see a worse tattoo, because it runs the magic, but this is kind of the worst. What do you guys think? Do you think it's kind of cool? You can't see it god, damn it well, you know, I have a pulled up, I see it so what every night is it cool or is it the worst tattoo ever like it's good execution from mean? Obviously, like you said, it only works from one particular angle like if you were to rotate around the back of this guy's head a little bit. It would beyond that. It's just such a visual nightmare. All these black on your head, yeah, it's kind of like scary. It makes you feel uncomfortable, it's like body, [, __, ], yeah, like a skull, has been like smashed in it. Just is like how [ __ ] up, and you dude that you're willing to put that on your home, but like yeah again, I mean I, guess credit to the artist for successfully. You know getting the optical illusion to work. Absolutely right, I mean the shading is good. It scrape the lines are all there. You know yeah if we ever get divorced to ela. This is what I'm gonna do. No more can do yeah. You don't control me anymore, and then there was another phenomenon. I noticed people are getting covet, 19 tattoos and I don't get it are we are we memorializing? How do you say it when they saw those like commemorative coins, commemorative yeah commemorative kovin, 19 tattoos? But it's like well as you'll, see I guess we should look at them first, but they're they're, all they're, all just honoring like the first week of the pandemic. Really right I mean you guys, can't you can't commemorate something that isn't over yet right. So people are getting Korona night toilet paper, so I guess that's funny, but golly. Why would you want and toilet paper tattoo on you well and as you'll see? This is what I was hinting out there and they're almost all toilet paper thing. That was only like the first week like there's toilet paper. Now it's it's. It's not hard to find some other paper anymore. This one is the toilet paper tattoo. Well, never forget, never forget man! You ever gone a week without wiping your ass dance, I, don't think so. Did anyone really have a full week of no toilet paper? Probably somewhere this guy might have you got a tattoo about it? I, don't think people really got to that point? Did you guys ever get dangerously low on toilet paper? Oh yeah I, don't use it so I wouldn't know I need to revisit you wash your ass I use baby. Still after everything, we've learned on the show, yeah monstering the sewage monster, I, don't care you are destroying their plumbing. No, no! The truth is that yeah it doesn't destroy the houses plumbing. It just destroys the city its plumbing. Oh okay, what were those things called like the giant fat, bird bird balls, the fat bird or whatever fat burger? So we have got some of your [ __ ] building up in the city, fatberg bro, that's [, __ ] up we've, we've come so I thought we have come further than yeah I thought like the arc of this lesson, I thought. As a show. There was a learning curve here, yeah at paradigm shift, no I'm not actually don't use anything. I am zero, I'm, just all bad a good day. Man I mean how much Ethan has grown. Remember what this all started. Yes, Scott. You were discussion, not even a soul journey, yeah, ol, sickle and cyclical dream. The bidet I have even dries my ass yeah, yeah yeah looks my fiancee and I just come all over my knees. It puts in a pro about my ass I feel like I. Don't have time to dry I go it takes too long. It's still long. Anything is there for like 30 minutes it. Doesn't you get over the tickle on your butthole like yeah, maybe at first at the first like a couple times you're like oh my favorite thing about it? Is the warm seat, warm seat, warm water Wow, but it's funny cuz we got we do we got it just before the pandemic and like such a crazy timing, cuz we actually I should get a tattoo with a Madonna 19. So anyway, this guy said to is a corona beer with a lime on top and viruses inside of the bottle, with a Corona 19. This kind of looks like a dagger I. Think it's supposed meant to be like a parody of like the dagger tattoo, that you sometimes see coronavirus, survivor with a roll of toilet paper. Well, it's a little immature yeah I! Don't wanna cry nobody! You can't call yourself a survivor. You got plenty of time to drop, I, can't think of a worse item to want to be tattooed on me forever than toilet paper like it's just the worst. It's visually boring reminds me of poop. I would imagine that these people aren't too concerned about the real-estate value like they. Probably have a shitload of tats, you just get smelted in there. You know here is a very intricate drawing of a virus. Looking like a Disney style, holding a toilet paper here is kovat 19 on toilet paper survived, you didn't survive bro. It says, survive with a virus with a mask that says: kovin 19 bro, you did not survive. You cannot get that how'd. You even get the tattoo I thought. Businesses are not open. Like non-essential, you, you specifically didn't survive because you're out getting tattoos, I mean your ass is gonna, be in a cardboard box before the end of the year, I'm sure of it UPS underground. This one is just a really colorful purple, yellow and red virus. An ass one looks like it says: Kobe thirteen wait, which one the nine looks like a three I think they're. That far yet say: oh yeah, this one is another Corona golly you got. You guys got to stop doing this. Stop doing this, please covert 13 yeah! So is this a joke? What am I? Did they really get a tattoo and sake ovid 13? They got the number wrong. So the mask- and it just as close I mean- maybe it was intentional, like that, looks like the leg, the back of the leg bro you have covered 13 and everybody who sees me like dude over 13 you're, so dog I'll have to fix that you could, like finish, the social distancing, butterfly a roll of toilet paper. Wow a fall out. This one is somewhat original: we've got a fall out, a character with half skeleton and a toilet paper, roll covered, 19 and so he's [, __, ] blood and a bat hanging on his arm. Kovat 19 does not make you [ __ ] blood as I'm aware, but don't tell what I think that's just a trail. Oh, okay, okay, okay, apologies for misinterpreting, more toilet paper, more corona, more staying alive, at least he didn't claim to survive it. I mean these are getting exhausting, there's way too. Many of these are so awful. Okay, well I'm, getting a tattoo on my forehead. That says Cova 19 survivor. That's the best way to make sure you die from this. We are. We are past time for our second break. Well then, the other, let's give a big warm thank you to stamps.com and what a better time to use stamps calm. Then now, let's avoid crowds, but we need to mail stuff right. So if you need to send postage and letters and packages out use stamps calm, anything you can do at the post office, you can do at stamps, calm, printing postage on demand and skipping lines and crowds at the post office. Plus you actually save money with discounts that you can't even get at the post office. Samsa compras, you all the services of the US Postal Service write to your computer and the safety and comfort of your own home office or anywhere else. You are hunkering down in right now, whether your small business sending invoices and online sellers shipping our product or you're, just working from home and need to mail stuff stamps calm can handle it all with ease, simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send once your mail is ready, just leave it for your mail carrier schedule a free, pickup and drop it off at a mailbox. No human contact required. It's that simple and, like I said with stamps comm, you get great discounts to five cents off every first-class stamp and up to 40% off usps shipping rates and now, in addition to offering discounted, US Postal Service rates, stamps.com is also offering UPS service UPS services, with discounted rates up to 62 percent. Well, that is our Aegis plus with Samsung comm. You won't even have to pay UPS residential surcharges. Wasn't aware of those or a thing, but hey stamps.com is a no-brainer, especially now saving you time, money and keeping you safe in these crazy times. So for our listeners right now get a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a digital scale. Without any long-term commitment, go to stamps.com click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3, that's stamps.com enter h3 stay safe. My friends, thank you to our sponsor, so 90-day fiance before the 90 days is a show. That is dear and near and close to our heart, big Edie friend of the show, obviously, in close contact with him. They put a tight lid on on big head, though, could these they've got they've got ad on a short leash, but let me tell you Jeffery, okay, the guy that we spoke about in our last show who went to Russia to find a bride in the newest episode. She rejected his engagement yeah, which was pretty epic, because we found out that he has a rich criminal history that she didn't know at the time, but Jeffery it's. This is so epic, you guys we are coming. We are becoming so entangled with the cast of this show. Jeffrey addressed us on Instagram live video, sort of that's sort of, but I'm thinking. Maybe we can get Jeffery. We got to reach out to Jeffery mm-hmm, because I feel like you. They can't control Jeffery he's off the rails. Big Edie, Big, Ed scared, alright, Big Ed cares. He wants to be a part of the of the show, because Jeffrey he's already been banned from the reunion mm-hmm they've already kicked Jeffery out of the club, so they've got nothing on Jeff. We have to get Jeffery to call him Zach figure that out you're the guy to do that. I will get on. If you need me to follow him, are you gonna watch it yeah he's gonna do with the nipple tats. If you need me to follow him on my account message, him I'll do that too. We're come at at all angles. Okay, but here he is on livestream, addressing all the allegations, because people were saying he was a spousal abuse er. We we had said that that's what I heard and Jeffery is attempting to correct the record here on the livestream so holy smokes all these people ripped up all these views and all these clicks that you clicked on for money that they made because you read it and you looked at it and you questioned me and it was small based on rumors and lies. Isn't that amazing how that works? Just think about that. For my my life right now, okay, a lot of what you're reading is based on lies and rumors made fictitional, BS and rumors. It made me happy and I'm watching the show who was sad in a sense, but it also made me happy it's kind of crazy I heard a story. He seems like a little loose little easier, I, don't mind, I, don't want to call the guy crazy, but he seemed a little or maybe drunk or something he might be drunk and but he's the ezel. But let's hear the guy see all this smack out there is such [ __ ] realize that you know everything you're reading it just well it's just. It's just meant for my money, it's fake news. You know it is fake news. Well a date another Russian everyone makes mistakes. I did pay. My mother, you still have those nipple tests. I do still have the nipple tat, so that's not so. Geoffrey is obviously upset about the allegations. The thing is that the nipple tats offend me more than the spousal abuse and that's not fake news, but I looked into acquisition. Oh well, Jeffrey. The last thing I want to do is accuse or insinuate in any way that that he's guilty of any kind of crime that I mean obviously I was reporting on something else. Someone else had reported on, so we looked into it. Let's see he, he confessed on the show to serving time in prison more than 20 years ago. That's a long time for dealing drugs and, frankly, that didn't offend me that much that the guy got I could have gone to jail for selling drugs. That sound like much at all. Yeah I was actually really rooting for him on the show. Yeah I was like man. This is [ __ ] everyone's making a crime seem like such a big deal, but that's not. The only legal trouble he's been in he's also been indicted by a grand jury late last year for aggravated kidnapping domestic assault, interference with emergency call vandalism after a girlfriend alleged that he had violently grabbed her by the neck and slammed her head into the wall. According to court documents obtained by oxygen.com, so I'm not making this up, I mean I, don't know if the claims are true or not, but I'm not just making [ __ ] up out of thin air, but I'd love to hear Jeffrey's side of the story, the reality stars criminal past and the current allegations against him even prompted some TLC fans. To start a change.org petition see I'm, not I'm, not signing any petitions. Jeffery I just want you to know that remove him from TLC shows. Well, they did boot him, but hey I'm, not I'm, not signing this petition. I ain't got all the facts here. Jeff well, look at the signatures going up. This thing is active. You guys well serving time. He was arrested in 1990 in Tennessee, for possession of a scheduled six is their scheduled, six controlled substance. How many schedules are there yeah what the [ __ ] is the schedule. Six six are drugs that have a relatively low potential for abuse. Oh so the guy was selling weed, probably or something even weed is Schedule one which is insane. It is well, maybe I'm wrong about that. It's like way higher than it should be so schedule six. What is says yo six Advil threatening he pleaded guilty to the charges against him most sentenced to 11 months man. They threw the book at him for sewing a bunch yeah. No here it is marijuana, is also a class 1. Ok Schedule one drug, despite it being legal in some states, that's crazy, so schedule ones like heroin, cocaine and all that crazy, [, __, ], heroin, LSD, cocaine and and bro. So what the [ __ ] is a schedule. Six yeah, alright! Well, here's the thing as scheduled: I just go get scheduled. Six includes marijuana, which is a lower risk of physical dependency in contracts with many other drugs. I love that it's you they're. Looking at I love that marijuana. It's either one or six. Well, you I think. Is it a state-by-state thing or is it a federal? That's a federal talk about the way, marijuana and salvia. That's what I'm reading aside yeah? Well, you got to remember this is also in Tennessee to so wait. What's the schedule six and salvia salvia, you can buy that [ __ ] at a headshot, but that's no, not anymore. They got rid of that. Oh okay, wait hold up where I wouldn't recommend it either to anybody I, fit it straight up that [, __ ] is really still sell. Salvia and [ __ ], head jobs, dude haven't been a headshot in a decade. I, don't know it's been a while for me too, but that's great Anya. So that should is that head shop is so cringy. It's like the rite of passage of any teenager. When you walk in you're, like oh [, __ ], it smells like nan choppa. What is that [ __ ]? They always burn, knock knock Champa I, always mix up incest in incense, once [ __ ], your brother and one's a nice pleasant, smelling, aroma very different, and one is what mean ela do alright, which is the nice aroma? No, my brothers and sisters and one smells like Zach burns it in his room. Do you burn incense and incense? Do you burn incense, yeah I, do not know I. Do oh I got a box of nog chomp at home. You gotta bro bro. Let's hit some salvia that trick so [ __ ] up. So what the hell this guy went to jail for a year for selling Advil scheduled sick dude, I'm, still confused I'm on the DEA. What DEA gov on this drug scheduling- and there is no schedules so look for Tennessee must be Tennessee. Look up, Tennessee, scheduled six controlled substance. It says marijuana and salvia any including poppers ro. He was selling poppers brother [ __ ] year. He must have had a lot right like. Why would they charge him for that I mean I, don't know if Tennessee's crazy, why didn't I just wish, because in the show, he's always like I've changed I'm different? Why don't you just say: I was selling popper like I, wasn't even hard drug didn't year prison twenty years ago, I wouldn't hold that against the guy. Okay. Alright, let's move on Marion O'bryant public information officer declined to provide details about the arrest, all right fascinating. So this is that this is the allegation that troubles me. The drug selling I don't care about, in fact, I feel bad for him victim of the war on drugs, as they say, but what hasn't been addressed on the show is his domestic violence arrest in 2019 his girlfriend at the time called 9-1-1 to report that she had allegedly been attacked by him. The woman told authorities that he was intoxicated grabbed her by the neck and slammed her head against the wall several times that sounds horribly violent and a later petition filed to seek an order of protection. She said he repeatedly bashed slammed her head into the hardwood floor. Jesus, here's an article about it that I guess happened at the time. Oh, it's just old news, just kind of the same [, __ ]. We just read. He dragged me through the house by the hair and continued throwing my body until walls and furniture. Cheese's I know this because of blood on the walls, furniture, etc. She also told authorities that he disabled her phone, so she couldn't call for help. Paramedic, who arrived at the scene determined that the woman exhibited common signs of a concussion was taken to a local hospital by her neighbor for further medical evaluation. Over said, the scene also noted that he had scratch marks on his stomach and chest, which appeared to be self-inflicted. How could you tell if they were self-inflicted or not I think they can tell? He appeared at an arraignment on the charges in January and told the Knoxville News Sentinel that he was not guilty. He believed his ex-girlfriend had pursued the charges because of a pending child custody case involving another woman. He also addressed the allegations against him in a recent Instagram post that we have since wash. So what do you make of that? It sounds like the professionals who showed up on the scene. The forensic evidence did not support. His claim seems like the forensic evidence supported the woman's claim that he had violently harmed her. The self-inflicted wounds is weird because that does that imply that he had like DNA under his nails that they could. That, like I, mean super crazy if he actually self-inflicted wounds on his chest and stomach to make it look like she yeah that doesn't sound good Jeffrey I got to tell you, man, I'm I, read that open do hoping to exonerate you, because I wanted to see the best but boy that actually made me more scared of you and actually I. Don't really want to talk to him on the shell anymore after reading that. So what do you think's when you said that I was like I, hope he's not serious. Well, I well, I thought! Well you, you know yeah, no I, don't I! This sounds really bad. This sounds really bad capsule. They call it answer the call damn that sounds crazy. My boy Jeff I mean look. How Saint can you be when you have nipple tats? Ultimately, look no I'm serious, you listen, he's got full flame nipple tax, like I mean who do you believe the guy with nipple tats I haven't seen her no good point. We haven't seen judgment. Yes, the girl, because on well from what was presented on the show it seemed like they were. Having a great time- and he was just being nice- you know and everything so when he proposed and she was like I'm not ready. I was surprised, but we know more than she knew at the time right and if I don't know, if she read between the lines, if she saw stuff, they don't show. You know in that it's, but such an interesting. The season is just insane it's it's like the best television right now, it's the best reality season of any show I've ever seen, and it's not over yet I agree with you, because at first my first impression was like oh she's, such a she's just trying to get to America she's on the site dating specifically for American guys, and then you find out before all this that she's talking to other American, guys right and you're, like oh men, you're on his side, all the way, but I think what happened was probably that she just she wanted to be nice and nots. They were. She didn't want to spoil the time together, but I think she probably would immediately it was like this guy's [ __, ], crazy. You know I guess so fascinating I mean guys you got to watch before the 90 day, but Jeffrey's off the chain. Right now he's handles his handlers of lost control. Don't you know this now in I? Want specifically you to weigh in on this, because you are our pop culture, you're dialed in so in tell me what you think about DoDEA cat promising that she will show her boobs if her song say so reached number one. Her song reached number one and Sherine it it would I don't want to what's the word REE net to renegotiate, renege, right, renege, yeah and then she reneged on her promise. Now in what D? What is your? Let me let me bring everyone up to date here. First, okay, before you weigh in she tweeted out if say so, hit someone I'll show you guys my boobs really hard 400,000 likes. Fifty thousand retweets people go crazy, trying to get it number one I gotta mute this real fast, but ela. Take note of this. This guy goes on it and he's playing it on what can only be described as 50/50 phones and computers and televisions. This guy wants to see those titties real bad song did reach number one Nicki Minaj saying thank you and asking. When are you showing them titties girl, because Nicki Minaj is a girl of the streets and frankly, word is bond where the she comes from and if you're, not. If your word isn't your bomb, then then what is exactly um? What is your bond right and so here's her video saying that no, she will not be making good on her prom, so titties I, just realized I, have to show my boobs real hard I'm. Just gonna be honest with you guys. I did play you I'm, not showing my boobs real hard man, you [, __ ] played you got [ __ ] played look at yourself well, I have to say that it's I frankly, just think it's not right that she would make such a claim and took and to just clearly read renege on on an agreement when people rode for her Nicki Minaj who's. A girl of the street by the way looks like a fool now and and really I just feel like doja cat, whoever she I'm not even familiar with her, has lost all credibility and the next time people are gonna think twice about any promises she makes Ian. What is your take on this uh I mean you know if she promises to show him again and you're still giving her credibility I think you kind of goofed a little bit. It seems people that believed her kind of deserve to get played. Why? What do you say that? Did you do this before? Is this a no but I mean come on? Why come on? You would expect to see some titties I would expect a Twitter post of just titties to assume -. Why would people it's just? What would people think that that was a disingenuous offer? Cuz it wasn't like I'll show my it wasn't that crazy, like I'll show my boobs like that seems reasonable. It wasn't like I was that's. What is crazy to you like, oh I'll. Do I'll do a DP video I mean I, don't know titties ain't that crazy I mean. Then if she said, if she said I'm gonna post a DP you'll go. No, that's awesome. Stop calling for that yeah, but titties is very believable. That's like being it's a very it's a very reasonable thing to offer for a number one hit, I think. But you you you are defending dojo. Can you think that people were foolish to believe that she would show her titties I? Think people were a little foolish yeah I? Think people got played in her words yeah so Ian's take is, it seems, like people keep getting playing like with Belle Delphine, they got played and they got upset. That was you know what that wasn't a lot. She was doing a good good doja Kat lied, I'm gonna, defend I'm gonna, defend Belle Delphine. Here real quick, she said, I'm gonna do horns and she put up all the eyes. She says: I, look like videos on pornhub and she she you riding for Belle Delphine. What is what a shocker yeah, but don't you can't just straight-up lied? Are you simple right now I've never paid dolt bailed everything in dollar, because you're Belle Delphine subscription so active. What's going on over there Zak is a mom's. The word Zak will keep it we'll keep it quiet just between us. That's between us boys talk to me, baby, listen I like just show it I, don't think she play it. I know I, frankly, think it's not right. I think she owes the world a titty shine. It's not like putting out fredo sauce up your butt. Exactly that's what I mean it's not that far-fetched. She owes the world a titty shot and in this day and age you have these pop stars. They're, basically just like they show everything. Yeah I mean they're almost naked anyway, already I demand to see them. Titties people didn't get played like that. One guy with all those cranes yeah I mean that guy deserves titties. Like there's a bunch of articles about she lied. Let's see, Nicki Minaj asked doe Jacquet to deliver on her breasts, showing challenge oof. She admits she lied, Daily Mail toad. You can't reveal she lied. Wow tough Nicki Minaj wants to see them titties. Does you kind of miss? She played fans about showing boobs? Damn don't you count lied about showing her titties mmm? She admit it. While everybody picked up the story, huh horny men are upset that doja cat trolled them with the promise of boobs. Listen I'm, not horny, I'm, not trying to jerk off I, just think that promises made promises kept. Do you know what I mean I'm surprised, I'm surprised by your take, but I respect it and it's a I think we should boycott doja cat until we see the titties okay Dan you haven't chimed in and Zach I want to know what everyone thinks. What that, if we rode titties or not yes, well, I didn't I'm not owed anything, because I neither I didn't listen to the song people who listen to the song Dan or are they owed no I'm kind of with the in like? If you really believe that you're kind of a here you're a doofus, let's be real I, just don't find a claim to be down. Believable Zach I know where you fall, I mean. Of course, it's unbelievable what what popstar would ever do that dude, a ton of pop, says: hey, what's the precedent for pop star showing titties? Well, that's what was so incredible about it, but no there's a lot of pop star to show titties when you talking about I could like them, I mean anyone. Miley Cyrus just exposed ready, she's like straight-up veggie. Ah yeah Lady Gaga, like she's butt ass naked, are you saying, like their outfits, are extremely Nate or but there's like a trillion images of Miley Cyrus naked I've seen them Lady Gaga's definitely been there. Good arguments are very valid here because on one hand, you gotta love that there's this horny kids that are upset well, people who are genuinely upset I think are ridiculous. Exactly so. You gotta love that yeah, like the people were genuinely upset at Bell. Delphian was was quite funny, so that's that Zak it could give. My take I mean I'm, not a fan of doja cat or know her music, but I promise something your promises made. Promises kept. It's simple. It's simple mathematics here, folks, it's just a human condition that we all live in the Golden Rule it wasn't. The promise wasn't so outrageous that it was would be interpreted as unbelievable. That's my problem with it show some teddy number. One song and outrageous wrote an outrageous achievement for N and outrageous reward. Let's move on, though Jacquet lied to the world and she must be. We need to do a change.org to suspend to to boycott all of her music. From now on, Joey salads was banned from Twitter. Now my heart goes out to poor Joey, but I was laughing quite a bit Joey salads. If anyone spent any time on Twitter in the past six months or something you've seen that Joey salads has been spamming. The mother living God out of any political posts, Trump tweets, AOC tweets whatever it is. Joey salad leaves like a really corny obvious, pandering comment that gets just like likes from you know. It's like the most obvious comment you can leave when you're, pandering to one political side right and then under that he would go subscribe to my podcast. The dude must have been posting like a thousand times a day and here here's an example of some. What's up: I love, Joe he's always scheming, oh yeah, when he got banned, Joey salads was trending under food. It's [, __, ], hilarious, rip, Joey salads, try to blow job with a gas station tire inflator, but gotta dip stuck exploding, his balls and dick. What the [ __ ] was. This copypasta Dan I saw them just somebody posted it up so and then another one Society. Now that Joey salads is banned from Twitter. It's a perfect utopia, very happy I can stop seeing Joshua for Congress and Joey salads under every vaguely political tweet. That's apparently there's someone else who got banned too, but I will attain a that dude. That dude was like some guy who was running. He was like a left-wing dude who was supposed to be running for Congress and he's constantly asking for money and I think he just likes Twitter yeah. But the funny thing is that well Joey I, guess Joey texted me when this happen, and he didn't want me to think that he died giving himself a [ __ ], with a gas station later I got stuck, so he texted me to. Let me know that whatever I was hearing wasn't true, they could look good, he just got he got banned for spamming. He wanted me to know that. Thank you and I asked him. Do you think it was politically motivated? He said? No, he didn't so that was refreshing said he didn't think it was politically motivated. Think it was just for spamming, maybe about the text. He doesn't believe it. Is that really what he's saying publicly I feel like there's no yeah, he was showing me how pissed drinking Nazi was number one trending, which was so funny, because every time Joey solids would leave one of his comments. There was always other people that followed him around and posted pictures of him in the Nazi or him drinking his own pee yeah. There was a collage of him in a Nazi flair and drinking his own pee. My background right now, yeah right, let's see here, I wanted to do the p1, but I feel like actually, okay, so so I don't want to misquote him. He said they banned me for spam. I assume it's because I replied to all the tweets saying to follow me and sup to my podcast, but I've been doing this for six months and those two you always get reportable Twitter was never. He was saying they never warned him. So he was salt. He was upset that they didn't ever warn him and I said. Do you think it's a conspiracy? He said [ __ ] to do right. Why don't they well? How about just don't spam, I kind of agreed that it was pretty spammy, but then he said, I, don't think it's a conspiracy, that's what he said. I just think it's not transparent the way they banned me out of nowhere, but the good news for Joe six months. The good news for Joey is that he has an appeal pending. So we eagerly await to see the result of that. Will he work his way back onto the platform? I doubt it go! The way of so many other Trump reply, guys. Oh there's a long, rich history of them being banned yeah there was like I, don't know. If you remember a few years ago there was these two brothers they're, like identical twins that would reply to every Trump tweet, but, like sir you're gonna go to jail soon, sir. You know what I'm talking about Ian you would know it doesn't ring a bell uh. They have some like weird name, the the crass brothers or something like this so across those political lines of the banner right there since teens the crash and that's the craz enstein brothers. These two dopes that were like total, like Robert Mueller, is coming for. You bro, like just spamming, Trump every you know within ten seconds of him posting and then they eventually they both got banned for like vote manipulation. Oh we're buying likes and all kinds of slow. That's embarrassing, though. Joe no and up going up to heaven to meet the crescents dude. Anyone that Wade's into the respond responses to Trump tweets is asking to to ruin their own day. I mean that is just such a cesspool. It's the worst like there's a whole there's a whole like cast of characters. You see the same people all the time. There's that stupid, like NPR, looking dude like Jeff Jeff Tish I, mean Joey. Somehow, like the top reply, every single time, yeah Joey was always every single time, the top ones. You know what I love I agree. It's cuz, you follow him, but I would see that all the same character. He was that I I fall, I, think I follow, but I muted him, because I can't stand his political well, you don't have to worry about him anymore. Yeah. Thank you. I'd love to see a Broadway musical about Trump. Look the whole Trump reply squad like the Conservatives, the Liberals and then Daddy trauma. Do dr. goo, yeah yeah. How dare you, sir, how dare you, sir I, will say: - Joey's defense I do have to just speak in honor of the truth, with the hashtag pissed drinking Nazi. Now I will say that this image of jewelry with the swastika on his arm. First of all, if you plan on running for political office, don't go in public wearing a swastika in your arm. For any reason, it's a hilarious image, but at any rate he would what his experiment was is like I'ma go I'm gonna go to a trump rally, dressed as Nazis as a Nazi and see if they accept me or or rebuke me and the Trump, so that his experiment right so just to give context, support goe he's not a Nazi, but it is hilarious image and the experiment wasn't that great. To begin with? Oh no, that's the other. Half of that hashtag is true. Piss drinking is irrefutable, and that is the main part here not to just up his drink, his own pee. How many people, because on all those Trump tweets, he would reply them. People replied to him with that gif of himself. This is so funny now how many random people in the United States have seen Joey, P, Andrew millions I, would say: I love this tip girl who tweeted this goodbye, Joey salads history cannot see she links to my video about how he faked the Trump cart. Car prank and then people get angry apparently because I'm I'm not like politically, were also anymore yeah, I'm a Nazi -. So then she has to quantify her original post by saying I used this video because I remembered it showed the behind the scenes of the social experiment. I am NOT, saying H 3 is the top tier of sources. He just happened to use the clip I was looking for. So she is not endorsing me to be clear. I just had the she's already cancelled, though oh here's a link, here's a link of Joey talking about being banned on his podcast, the raging Patriot. According this I got banned from Twitter and I was using Twitter for the growth and the left got so happy that I got banned. They actually started trending pissed drinking Nazi and I got all the way up to number two beloved. It's awesome Wow is that so fun Twitter from I, just I just love this pit I mean this is a totally unexpected pivot to go into political commentary. This is not trying to sell and 95 non-existing mask. Oh yeah, yeah dude. No, it's come on. Joey's trying to make an honest living, even if there's colleagues well I, guess it's really well, yes, some some of his contemporaries I have committed one much worse. Transgressions am I the left rate by trending me number two within the real Times. The Left doesn't work because, yes, behind I, greatly appreciate Rhea Pappas and it's gonna be hard for me to grow my podcast now without having any Twitter audience. So, if you guys can please help me out, you can share my podcast rate of 5 stars and, like it do whatever you can do to help me get the word out there because orange anyway grow is, if you guys I love that his only growth strategy was spamming. Twitter he's like I'm, so [ __ ], now keep on doing my show. So today, Twitter ban me and this they said hello, Joey salads has been suspended for violating Twitter rules specifically for violating our rules against platform. Manipulation in spans sounds about right now: use Twitter services in a matter intended to artificially amplify or suppress information or engage in behavior that manipulates. Oh yeah, yeah I'm gonna skip this, but if you want more, if you want Joey salads political commentary, the raging Patriot, you will not be seeing Joey salad spam on Twitter anymore, unfortunately, but we do wish him the best, because why do we wish? Oh, he sells the best because he took pepper spray in the face for charity, god damn it and we cherished that moment forever [Music]. We will always have that. Listen that, finally, a little bit relieved to not have to say those stuff on Twitter all the time. Yes, we are stood too far. He pushed it way too far. He had to know that this day was coming. He can't sit there. An act, shocked too much dude, there's so many there's a limit to the cringe, bro, there's so many stories. What the [ __ ] I'm, like not haha, I, don't know where to go from here, because I'm kind of done talking like I reach a certain point where yeah I feel like we have to talk about 6:9 mad. Let's book QB on offer next time, QB I'm, never gonna talk about it. Cuz I'll get so I'll get so I'll get so [ __ ] I get so worked up about QB we be we be whatever you qui be. Maybe these would be these morons that spend a billion dollars on the dumbest thing ever and it's totally failing I'm not gonna get into that. That's a whole black hole. Okay, also, the name sucks qui, be everything. It's short for quick bite, qui be wipe I, just call it quick bite, hmmm, quick bite, I'd be better than qui, be probably sounds more like a food delivery service, but at least it means something- and you can remember it maybe sounds like a I. Don't know: Takashi, okay, Ian, listen carefully, because you are definitely the resident expert here on all this [ __ ] Takashi 6-9 was released out of jail because of CO vid 19. Now Takashi 69 went to jail for what was it? What was his original crime, but he snitched on all of his gang members and they, the racketeering right, yeah, yeah, I, think yeah I was like a RICO charge with all these guys, all gang affiliations, multiple things, so he got. He just kind of got swept up in some general gang charges. It sounds like, or was he explicitly involved in it was? It was rude by a good amount. If this didn't happen, he was supposed to be let out in August holy [ __ ], so he ratted out all of his gang members and the DEA was like cool dude six months, you're good anyway original sentence was two years. That's a huge difference. He was looking at 35 to life man, man, I'd snitch out my own [ __, ] grandma, to go from 35 to life to two years. I'd snitchy loud I'd be like yeah. She did it, you did it. We go to jail for life, reveal, of course, I would say, I'm not saying nothing to you. Pig I tell you or write or die yeah, but luckily we don't sell weapons and [ __ ]. My point being, first of all, you all would never sell you out. I would never sell you out and I hope. You would know that I was kidding, but the point being is that presented with two years versus 35 to life boy. That's a good deal yeah, so he snitched everyone out and then because of co. Vid 19 is ravaging prisons because of people are just packed in like sardines, perfect place for kovat to spread they've been letting out a lot of row. Low risk offenders with what their sentence is. Almost up. A lot of people have been getting out early on house arrest. Some people, for example, are Kelly Bill Cosby. They tried their best even Harvey. They did not get out. Judge said uh-uh, but Takashi did get out and I'm sure that a lot of people want to kill him and that's gonna be really interesting. To follow. I wonder how long he'll survive. Do you think he'll be killed? Ian I mean I'm, sure he's being watched over very carefully I mean I, don't know, but I think he'll be being very safe, yeah I think he's gonna be murdered, so anyway he dropped. He dropped a music video called Guba, which I didn't think was a very good track to be honest in what did you think about Guba I did yeah I mean he's doesn't seem. It doesn't seem like much of a talent if I'm, just maybe I'm, being obtuse but I. Don't I, didn't really I, don't see the appeal. The lyrics are just so dumb that it's funny. Oh, let me read the lyrics cuz. Obviously, I can't play the song for you, but let me read some some of the lyrics from Guba and you guys can tell me what you think, but I was confused. How do you release a music video under house arrest, cuz, there's a music video yeah. That's a good question. You know now we now. We also noticed that 6-9 gets the n-word pass. We were I mean he's Hispanic, but he says that n-word now this is an interesting phenomenon. What is your comment on that in I mean I can't really speak on that I. Don't know it's not. Do you find it interesting, though, that this guy gets the n-word pass I mean like I, said: I, don't know, I can't it's not my call to even to make in any way one way or the other I don't know. I find it interesting from an outsider perspective that he gets the pass but I'm assuming it's just because of his gang affiliation, but now that he's ratted out his gang gang members, I wonder if the n-word pass as being is, should be revoked at this point in time. I don't know it's not my pass to give or take away or good answer. I was testing it. Well, it's hard to read the lyrics because there's a lot of n words, but let's say I tell he starts by saying I tell a n-word: don't dick ride, don't blick ride? What is blick riding Ian I think a blick is like a gun: okay, leave it to the double thick thighs twin sisters, drop it down and wobble wobble up mummy booted up she get down and gobble gobble up cuz. My money up slide slide in the Bentley truck a the rat. The Wraith truck a your bestie is a dick-sucker. I big dub. Her can I tell you a salami llama, I Luke him. Oh he's, seeing you big hater, you nothing, but a hater cloud. Chaser Caligula! Are you dumb, stupid or dumb huh? Oh right, I right I saw that lyric was trending, yeah, yeah I saw I, saw dumb, stupid or dumb on Twitter I was like what is that yeah? He asked. Are you dumb, stupid or dumb? It's like well haha [, __, ], I'm laughing cuz, you big mad big mad, see it in your face: crybaby [, __ ], you big sad. So now the big mad and the big sad is just been stuck with me. Big man. Are you dumb, stupid or dumb huh yeah? You got some money, but you still [ __, ] ugly, stupid! Listen! When I talk you better, listen. We can make them dance but cata. What spicata slide over do the cha-cha and gotcha is a type of Italian bread. It usually has like some kata, no but kata here. A genius defined it for me, but kata is a style of social dance from the Dominican Republic. Oh you better correct that. Then they got it. They got it wrong. You just mixed up! Achacha and baccata. Don't play that off. I telli and where's big, dumb wow, dude, stupid or dumb stupid, and then he ends very powerfully by saying haha [ __ ] I'm laughing cuz, you big mad, see it in your face: crybaby [, __ ], you big, sad and words tweeting about me got me trending, [, __ ]. You big sad, tell me how I ratted came home to a big bag. Ooh I think people want him dead and we will continue on our I. Want someone to take your reading of the lyrics and then put it over. The beat I'm gonna be like that. Mom was offended by the I love that the good state yeah. He says he did a live stream that broke instagram records by racking and more than two million concurrent viewers. Damn that's amazing. He was responding to accusations of him being a rat. He said I want to apologize to my fans because you know what it wasn't worth it if there was a street code and there's something called no loyalty and snitching and all that I get it. But where was the loyalty when you were sleeping with my baby mother? He said hinting at rumors evolving, former manager shouty and his baby mama. Where was the loyalty when you were caught on the wiretap trying to kill me Oh doesn't sound like well, it's at all, where's a loyalty. When you tried to kidnap my mother that didn't sound like loyalty. Where was the low two, when you stole millions of dollars, I ask you this good questions. I get it! Don't fire, don't fight fire with fire. He went on I'm sorry, but what did I do wrong, be loyal to a n-word that was my effing. My baby moms be loyal to an n-word that kidnapped me, beat the [ __ ] out of me on video and everything did that happen. He got his ass beat on video. Maybe we don't have access to that I'm supposed to be loyal to that. You know what it is. You don't want to accept the fact that those is all true facts. You understand why I snitched, you don't want to understand I, understand why you said she didn't want to be 35 years in prison. You wanted to be 2 years in prison. I [, __ ] get that people who are after this dude for being a snitch now this, so he actually had to be relocated after he was making. Ah, he was on his balcony. It is I guess as secret location. He took this photo on his balcony, not a discreet outfit, by the way, just absurdly bright on baby, blue and holding what looks to be probably $20,000 in cash, and then a girl posted this video on Twitter, which is just hilarious [Music]. So this she reported him taking that photo I posted on Twitter, and then he was like. Oh [, __ ] I got a move now because people are gonna, come kill me Takashi's attorney. Wouldn't that be crazy if he got murdered because of that girl's, video I wonder how she I'm posting it on Instagram. That's a good point: it's not really on her to uh to know better. His attorney said that he was located because of the leak for security reasons. We're told that the feds were made aware of the move, it's quite a predicament technically, he is not violating his house arrest by being on the balcony. It's the neighbors around him that docks him. That said, he should know better. Yes, of course, it's not prudent of him to step out into the public like that. Takashi's got a huge problems from across the way took yadda-yadda-yadda he's an he. Oh, he is in witness protection, I thought before it said he no he's not violating house arrest. He is in witness protection, but he really should not be going out onto the balcony with the rainbow hair and the Instagram, and all that and I really do think this guy's gonna be murdered. I'm, gonna, I'm, just I know it's insensitive and it's dark, but I'm willing to put to predict right now and even to bet money with somebody that he will not make it through the end of this year. Anyone want to take me up on that. A death bet death pool anyone, there's a little moral yeah. The only reason I even bring it up honestly is because on her big mad yeah, he was actually moved or they found him again. They did yeah I, just put it in there. They found him again: I yeah, here's a video. His new address has been leaked a second time. Oh, he cuz he's got all these outrageous sports cards. I'm sure and he's got a bat he's got like a blue Rolls Royce right, a Jeep, a bright, yellow Ferrari. Oh my god, bro you better get out of there. Quick takashi attempts to donate two hundred thousand dollars to no kid hungry and it's rejected at first I was like man. They should just take the money, feed the kids, but then I read the rationale. They say. We are grateful for his generous offer to donate to no kids hungry, but we have informed his representatives that we have declined the money as a child focus campaign. Is our policy declined funding from donors who activity do not align with our mission and values? That makes sense you're kind of sending the wrong message? You know like yeah, we'll take money from gangs. He also has a with the note the child thing, the no Kid Hungry. He also has charges involving a minor right. That's not good! It wasn't good. Whatever was ever met. I just remember that he videoed, like some 16 Earl Bray I was a 13 year old and he was oh wow yeah. That guy should be in jail. What the [ __ ] I just sent you the Wikipedia thing about it: okay, let's the sewer last segment here and finally guys I'm, sad shredder, that's so loud! Maybe we can have you take them out back and finally, I am sad to say that GOG, formerly the artist formerly known as filthy Frank is over. People have just realized that Joe G is filthy, Frank and kpop stands, of course were directly on that to cancel him, although I will say I kind of think, it's a high compliment to Joe G that there's a lot of people that never knew what filthy Frank is or that he is filthy Frank. That means that there's a lot of people out there who are just enjoying his music and not thinking anything about his, which I think ultimately is what he wanted as a performer. So the fact that kpop stands are trying to cancel him for being filthy Frank I think is actually a high compliment to what he's achieved as musical artist. That being said, it is funny here's a Newsweek article about it. Joe G fans have learned the truth about filthy Frank and it isn't pretty. We've got this car called garbage. Is it here's a job when we put together? Joe g literally has a song where he says the n-word with a hard ER like you, cannot be serious, there's more don't come in my mentions. Talking about is just satire. Y'all can't take a joke these days. Man I, don't give a [ __ ] this [ __ ], isn't funny at all so get the [ __ ] out of here with that and for you non-blacks non-blacks coming my mentions just get the hell out, you don't get to say the n-word I find it offensive. You insult still my mentions after two days she looks Asian by the way I mean because well it's a k-pop right. It's a cape right. It's not the picture of the person right over the past two days, Jo jeez over party has been trending on Twitter pulling in over twenty-one thousand tweets an account called Jin's Jin's all be tweeted out, they're shocked that Miller had said the N word and I Blake I, guess this original tweet, which I think she erased, probably right, because, ultimately, you see a lot of these such and such as canceled like a it's actually pic subtraction from people just clowning on the original poster and I think that's. What happened in this case is that she ended up erasing all of her original tweets about it. But what was weird is that this same girl, who oh, what the hell is this I'm really disgusted right now, oh my god, you what the f that's him and then the same girl, which is really interesting. She says as a black person. My view is that his lyrics are contextual to the character he was portraying rather not hear it, but I'm not mad, nor willing to cancel him, and then she responded. I swear to God. She just said [ __ ], which is a derogatory term for a black person. It's not crazy I'm, not really following this, so she says for all you. The girl says for all you non-blacks coming into my mansions. Just get the hell out. You don't get to say what I find offensive. Okay, then a black dude said well I'm, not offended. I would rather not hear it, but I'm not mad, nor willing to cancel him and she called him a [ __ ]. Mr. Koontz, she quote tweeted him what the that's so racist. But that concludes our show ending. On a light note, thank you. Everybody for watching I hope. You have a fantastic week a glorious weekend. I wish that everybody gets gainfully employed that this virus miraculously disappears and either I would never snitch on you don't want to go on record, saying that I would serve life and present life in prison, for you showed your true colors and I am big, sad, big Matt, but Ella. If you go out selling schedule six drugs I can't save you. I can't save you if you're doing met big crimes like schedule, six Advil street crime anyway guys. Thank you so much for watching, and we will see you next week. We are working on HD video I'm, not sure when it's gonna drop but there's something to look forward to, but I think it's a good one. What do you think nada think? Nothing can't say: [Music] all right, guitar [Music]! You, you I had a idea when I was on the toilet earlier and I want to know. If it's a good idea go ahead, all right, it's called die. Py, peas, all right! It's a diaper and built into the diaper is one baby white. So when you go to change the diaper, you pull out the wipe and clean in there. Little good idea you cut out when you got to the climax you you go to change their diaper and there's a wipe inside of it. You pull out the wipe you clean their little butthole and then you throw it away. So I'll tell you what's wrong with this idea and then you can work on it further. Usually, a baby poops you're gonna need more than one wife, I mean there's no world and one in which one wipes enough to clean that. Okay, never I got like three at best at best, but and then a lot of the times. The baby poop is super messy and you'll have what's called blowouts, where it just goes all the way up their back okay. But so, for those reasons, I'm out, oh yeah, how are you gonna? Keep the the wipe moist, though we'd have to have some sort of seal yeah you you rip it and pull the wipes out. Well, wait! The baby's gotta have a wet, a moist diaper on them, no cuz! It's like no! It's contained within wait. You have to seal them. What is this an intervention? Yeah he's pitching a thing to us: I, don't like the idea, [Music] Thank, You, Zach I. Thank you. I should really have a point before you start pitching yeah kid brother. You want the diaper to be breathable and light too, and so this is just gonna, add weight to it and we'll make it less breathable because I'm a sir, because you want to keep it moist, so I'm assuming it's gonna need to be some kind of pouch right. It's a sealed, pouch yo sure that is not it's not gonna, be flexible. Uncomfortable, hmm, I mean the wipes, are a little. You know, I, don't know they're, not really rigid. That's true! I I get the concept so like. When you go to it like a barbecue restaurant. They give you those like ones in there right. Imagine having that pack in your underwear, oh man, why would you want that's like built like that? Why why'd why babies build it into your man's box yeah? This might be better for Zach. Actually, in one location, the diaper, you pull it off, you, don't you don't need an okay, you don't understand! You still need a clean, they need a cleaning station yeah. You have a station with both baby wipes and diapers and white mint, and all this [ __ ] like as a parent. You need to change. You still need to carry the clean diapers with you, so you might as well carry the wipes -. Is this a to-go item? This isn't every use item yeah! It's like a convenience thing, I, just I'm, not terribly inconvenienced by having a pack of baby wipes. You kind of need a pack of baby wipes anyway, all the time because they get so dirty. Would you could store them on their shirts and pants and you could hide pouches built in all over yeah where on the diaper with the pouch be I'm, not sure, do you know the anatomy of a diaper yeah I mean you'd, have I'm, not a diaper engineer right.