Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast sitting here with my two distinguished guests: wonderful, wonderful, gentlemen, joey salads, the salad man camera. Do I look at that that one's your camera yeah the saladino man himself thanks for coming? I appreciate you coming here because, obviously you know it's kind of a lion's den for pranksters, oh yeah yeah I mean, but we're we're cool yeah, no we're cool. I love your videos on me. Thank you and, and then with us as well. Is my boy. Good old friend of the show sean stinks great guy, hey everybody out there watching one of my old old friends he used to I'm for you guys, who've been with us a long time sean used to be in all of our videos back in israel, oh yeah, they're, all private! Now! Aren't they not all of them. Some of them are classics like the kissing pranks. When you choked me out when you weren't dragged, I was thinking about that on the way over that's a great one and like the will, I am the pulse. I mean some real classics. Sean is over on twitch. Currently, sean stinks give him a watch, it's great stuff, yeah. You know it's a modest little stream. Just hang out chat game, it [, __, ] yeah, so interesting and, oh god am I not here sure yeah, I'm sorry dude. Somehow, sometimes I man spread ela out of and completely out of existence. Yeah um we're here with the honestly, the ela kleiner, it's the ela cliner and we got a camera. Today we got a camera on ela before you were manspreaded out of the whole show. Now we have a camera, we got a mic you're here welcome ela, thank you kind of like your first time in the show kind of because before you remember camera yeah, so joey tell me: how are you dude, I'm great, I'm? How are you I'm very good cool like I was saying it's really nice, so joey's you're. I think the only prankster that I can like have a conversation with like we talk on twitter, dms and, like we've, always been in touch I'll. Send you videos you're like this is crazy. Please please, but I love that about you because on one hand it's respectable and it's lovable, because you don't take yourself seriously. You know that you're a kind of a meme. Do you see yourself as a meme um, I'm less of a meme now than I was probably a year ago? How do you feel about that? Do you want to be more of a man in some ways I do in some ways. I don't break that down uh that the memeage of last year was pretty pretty hardcore me image. You got the the piss yeah, the boob, you kind of hit them on all cylinders, knocked it out the park this year I mean. Have I done anything this year that could meme me. I don't know you had some really nice um. Well, you did that you had the pokemon adopt abduction. I think that was you've been hot yeah was that last year you've been hot on the abduction stuff, though, were you abducted? Is it like? What's your passion with abduction stuff gets views, that's what I like to hear: no [ __ ]! That's what I love and that's why I love joey. Ladies and gentlemen, because you sit down with colby person, you sit down with mo bradberry, you don't! First of all, you don't first, never sit down with you yeah now they hate you, okay, but like these guys right, they're, like um they'll, be like well, I think it's important I'm trying to inform him, I'm trying to it's [ __, ] off yeah, it's all about the views. Thank you for saying that so you so I've been trying to get ethan and mo to like interact with them in any way possible. Do they really hate me tell me about that, because you know them right. I haven't talked to them in over a year, though I mean I talk to them here and there like very little but uh. I don't know they always play this act, it's kind of funny, but then annoying at the same time where they just pretend like they don't know what you're talking about yep. They did that on the phone with you and yeah, they post malone right, yep, yeah, then that's what they do. What they do that to you, I I would be like yo. What's up with all these uh videos, are you dressing up as spiderman or whatever like what? What videos I'm like dude, just like? Let's do something funny about it. Let's, let's make a funny parody to it. He's like what are you talking about what videos I'm like dude, stop! Stop you're like stop! Stop we're friends! Even with you yeah, I literally yeah. I can see it's your house, it's your room! It's your [ __ ] play button on the wall, that's funny because I remember when we when we like broke. I don't know if we broke it, but we made that video about how they were doing spider-man elsa with all their plaques on the wall, and I talked to you about it and you had no idea. They were doing that [ __ ] yeah. I didn't. I don't really talk to them that much like that that I would know, but um I mean when I saw it, I knew it was them right away, yeah of course yeah. So that's funny, so I guess they're that I always thought, like kobe he's driving all these nice cars and stuff and I always think like when he pulls up to a girl like and they see his gold hundred two hundred thousand dollar cars like what does he say like? Oh, what do you do for work he's like what does he say at that point? Like do kids parties? I do kids bodies, that's brilliant! That's probably what he said seriously. Tell me more about what you do. Don't worry about that baby. I film ethan bradberry ass up and I think I'm pretty sure they hate me. They kind of scare me ethan, bradberry scares me. Is he dangerous in your opinion, no they're, very they're, very nice moe I can tell. Is the nice he's a nice guy? He tries to take care of his insane brother well eat. Then he tries to yeah. That's why I bought you that you always like. Sometimes you catch him off guard and like he's like normal, but then, when you see she's like ethan bradberry, yeah ethan, so it's like it's like he'll make like a like. A face: it's like a kanye west, yeah yeah 100. Have you seen the sunset park stuff? What's that oh you're, in for a wild ride, my boy pull up, pull up? Okay, so for those they are uninitiated. We're talking about the infamous pranksters ethan and mo bradberry, who have, since the beginning of time, made some of the worst horrible uh shitty pranks on youtube that we've always made fun of them like, for example, they pioneered the pranks in the hood, where they would go like prank black people specifically, because isn't that wild and wacky to bring black people and anyway, since then, they've evolved into doing spider-man and elsa videos where they dressed up as spider-man and elsa for kids, um and then now that that they did like weird sexual spider-man, elsa videos, and now that that's a dead, meme they've moved on to something really spicy and wild called sunset park. We haven't talked about this too much, but seeing as joey's been with them for a long time, I think it'd be interesting to get his reaction on it. These are like 25 year old pranksters, like these guys been around boy. Okay and joey's been with them since the game [Music]. Is it good? Is it full screen? Oh god, do you need to full screen or how does it look on the stream um yeah? It was full screen, yeah, okay, cool! Do you need to full screen it or they can do it uh. I do need to full screen: okay, cool, okay, all right so yeah all right play that [, __ ] by eat come on brother. It's about that at least [Music]. I love that even here they like can't handle ethan [ __ ] they're like come on, ethan dude. It just looks like like I would be typing in the comments even make a video on this, like after you make a video on this, I'm not sure how to approach it, but it's weird because they're like 24-25 and these kids on the bottom are 15.. Yeah they live in a house together. Is that true yeah? Yes, yeah yeah! I know what they're trying to well they're, not [ __ ], and it's kind of like a good business. Exactly that's that's what we always say about them, like they're kind of smart. It's like a good business move but, like I feel like they're forcing themselves in it. Yeah, like you know like just. Do your own thing be behind the scenes? Don't even let people know you created sunset cars. They really don't fit in there. No kobe's got kind of this boy. George look too, and it's like doug, hey, that's you so so should I keep playing you want to watch more so anyway. The premise is, we don't need to watch the whole thing, but the premise is there in a house: I love this cut after the song and then [Music] [Laughter]. They all make their own personal video and then once a week they make a group challenge. Yeah, it's a lot of fun sunset park and they all fight yeah, joey's, already thinking joey's scheming in his head. So that's it yeah. I was really curious about them because I did like you notice. I spoke to ethan and mo bradbury on the phone and they're like I don't know who that is yeah, even though they just made a video where they said death to h3h3 like in their one of their spider-man elsi yeah. They had some balls, throwing that in there right, but then they're going to [ __ ] deny my existence. It's like. Let's chat, why it's funny to me that they wouldn't even admit to you. I don't know they make it like it's so obvious. It must be really shameful for them. They stick to the act like. Are they embarrassed? Is it just like a real, deep shame? Embarrassment? It could be? Maybe they just didn't know how to handle like telling me um. Like I don't know, I was really bad you're, like dude, I put my dick in a hot dog yeah like you can tell me anything. How do you think they're going to feel about your relationship with them? After this I don't know yeah your meeting with the enemy they'll, probably still deny it. They're like you're like like you're, just on a show talking to the wall yeah. What was that? That was a weird really weird man that was a really weird one who who of the pranksters you're friends with twins tv right yeah. Those guys are your dogs, yeah yeah. Let me see how they doing because they were. They were in pretty deep, like bike pranks, that was their hots yeah. I think I don't really know I haven't talked to them. In a few days I saw something on their channel that they weren't doing bait. Pranks anymore. I don't know if you've seen it. I never really watch youtube videos. I think they do vlogs now yeah they're moving towards vlogs, which is like kind of a safer road to go with the whole monetization thing, but I mean I don't know I like those bait pranks. Those are great yeah, although they were fake right. I can't say anything about that confirmed. It's all. No, no, like definitely like shocks. On the bike seats. Look real to me, like yeah people definitely took a spill, it's kind of like in some of like uh old octv videos. Sometimes they actually did get hit. You can tell like this. People are definitely wiping out, but you know I think everybody knows nowadays. 99.9 of pranks on the internet are fake, 99.9 that doesn't leave much room, yeah, there's not much room at all and it yeah. I mean like it goes without saying, like just watch a prank watch her for enjoyment. It's funny. It's not! I don't care if you want to be one of those people that are complaining. Oh, this is fake, stupid, fake, like dude everything you watch on the internet is probably fake, yeah and television yeah. Oh and television 100. Like reality tv, they call it really reality tv, that's the most fakest of all the shows. I really respect that stance because on one hand like first of all, the content you're making like okay. Just to give you guys some perspective, joey made a new abduction prank on youtube. It got it's like 800 800 on facebook. I just checked it at like 120 million yeah. That's like gangnam style views, boy right, yeah, three, three million three million shares of this. I mean, in my my opinion, like a very very obvious, fake abduction break, but we've been around for a long time, but my point is on facebook. You can come here and be like yes, I'm just making entertainment people on facebook don't see that they don't people on facebook are catching on, especially when, whenever I have a viral video, I don't know check the interview views on the one. The interview you did with me check the views on that and try to link it with my viral videos, because people would start tweeting that to me and putting that in the comments yeah it's like whenever I have a video to do, good people always bring that back up again, so I think they're they're typing my name in and you're probably number one yeah type joey salads on youtube. That can't be number one still. No, I don't think it's number one anymore, but it's probably definitely up there and probably, if you click on one of my videos, it's probably in the related. So, let's talk about that um, so you made I'll, give you guys some context of what joey's talking about you made a it's not at all number one! Is it on the front? Our reaction, like the old one is: is that the form, but not the interview? How about that um? So joey made this. I think it's because I've been double tagging like hardcore my videos with the joey salads tags. So this way I could push yours down. I think I removed the [Music] the tag, the tag yeah. Thank you for that help her brother out, if I can but youtube's, been doing plenty of work to keep our videos out of the spotlight anyway. So joey made a prank um, a prank, video experiment, social experiment. Excuse me such a more dignified title, where you you put a trump car into a I'll I'll, explain it yeah. Why don't you explain? Okay, so basically, what I did was I made like a whole social experiment. Try to make it put, make it political and I'm like hey black people, hate trump uh and, I would probably say a large majority of them. Do um, but I was like, let's see how they react to a trump car parked, and then I paid a bunch of people african-american people to destroy the car and it was like a street fighter bonus level, yeah ridiculous. It was always like I'm gonna walk out of frame and then all of a sudden, it's like five minutes like pipes and [ __ ], and it's like it's the dumbest thing. Wait you didn't provide all that stuff. They went around. It wasn't yeah they had it, bring your pipes, guys yeah you're, a job creator: oh yeah! No, how much did you pay uh? I don't remember if I just said zero yeah, not a job paid, one of them. I paid one of the havoc. I had one of them that rallied them all. How much did you pay the ring master? I do not remember like how much do you usually pay people to be in your pranks hunty when it's like um. Let me just say this uh now, because I know we're getting I'm going to talk to fake territory. Um, not everything I do is fake. 99.9 percent a majority of them, I would say I don't know if there's any videos that after that there's still a 0.1, but I just have to say is when you're watching a video just watch it with the notion of this is probably most likely fake, but it also might not be because I do have some real ones out there, but you would never know because there there's also fake ones in there um. So you really want to know which ones are real, but you would just probably assume that most of them are fake, like I did the store robbery, mostly my real ones, are the ones with the least amount of views. If that helps you decide which ones are real um uh? What were we talking about before that uh? How much I normally pay people yeah um, I normally. Let me think I try to get away as low as I can like I'll start. Like I love your honesty, I that's why I love this guy man. Joey is the [ __ ] best tell me I'll start with like a 20., that's 20., and then I'm like well. Is this like a craigslist thing? No, I, like, I don't go on craigslist and look up to him. So it's like I don't know so many people get caught faking their stuff like that. Where they're like I don't know how I don't get, how you can go like the ones, the ones that I did do were that were uh like the real ones. I used this kid named mike he's like a young little black kid he's like 14, I started working with him now he's 16. I think I found him on craigslist, but I actually used him as like an actor to set up other people and the videos I did do with him were real because I I used him. I just sat in a car and I was like hey just: do this wait for someone to start asking people to buy you alcohol and you just ask people. I was waiting in the car for like two hours until we had enough reactions um. I did a couple videos like that him. I I paid pretty good. I think it was like 150 up to 200. yeah yeah, so he's in new york. Now, what's his name mike shout out to mike yeah, shout out to my guys have been watching [ __ ] together yeah we've made a lot of long years. Yeah god bless mike, but then so usually, if you find someone like for an abduction experiment or whatever, so how do you find them? And then how does the bidding go on the prices I'll just put like a friends and family? Oh, if you got anybody got it know anybody 20 bucks, I think, with the abduction stuff, I'm up my prices. I saw at 40. that's a little more dicey, a little more production value working with miners too yeah yeah. Where do you find that kid because, like that one on facebook that blew up because you you- that was a wonderful thing when you like took the kid's hand you're like let's go get some candy like you were really convincing, yeah, I'm not to say which ones are fake or not? Okay, let's assume, let's pretend as 99.9 are fake. So, let's pretend that this is the point: one, that's not fake, I'm not gonna! Even pretend it's not fake, I'm just I'm gonna leave it. The people know. Okay, the people already know. Okay, all right. So let me know. Let's say you have a kid actor. Everyone likes you yeah exactly if there's a kid actor yeah. Let me think where do you find this kid you're, like I'm gonna, abduct you today. If I'm gonna need we're gonna run off, there were some, I mean not, obviously not all of them, but there were some reactions in uh. Let me try to think of one, for example uh another one that went viral on youtube. I mean facebook did pretty good on youtube about 20 million on facebook and, like that's crazy, I don't have news on any video. We never get. That 16 million is the most we've had on vape nation. Facebook views are on another level insane, but the retention rate is like 20 seconds. Well, they cheat the stats right because, if you're like scrolling well, yet they watch for at least three seconds three seconds and you can actually even see the stats, how many people clicked on the video to watch it with sound the retention rate, and you just see the retention rate like in the first three seconds. It's like up to like six seconds sometimes, and it just plummets wow so like youtube's, shady yeah. So like uh, like that that video um with 120 million views, the retention time on it is, is, I think it was like 25 30 seconds wow. So that's probably pretty good. That's good for facebook! Yeah! That's good, because that the video is only like a minute long. That's actually probably really good yeah! You got to keep videos on facebook like as short as you possibly can and like hook them in really quick at first right unless they'll just keep scrolling. So the the sofa text like on the top and bottom did that start because people don't even turn on the sound on facebook yeah that that helps a lot like if you're gonna do facebook videos stop putting things on the top and the bottom, because when people stroll they see that if it's like shocking video or like our fans will love that someone ran over ran over by car people are gonna. Be like oh wait. I gotta see this. You know so I mean, like the very nature of the platform of facebook, just breeds. It's like a [ __ ] ground, because because of like everyone, there has no attention span. Yeah, no there's zero license. You've got the soflo. This did sofalo invent that the [ __ ] bars the crying laughing emoji. I don't know if he invented it, but there's so many facebook pages. The first I saw it's the first time I saw it yeah. Oh they don't want to give him too much credit yeah yeah. I don't want to give him credit for that, but there's so many like facebook pages that just straight up turned into companies. Do you make money on that 120 million? I make money on facebook. You got into monetization yeah, it's like closed now and it's like if you get in, you got to be like lucky as hell like really know. So I I even tried to get through like we have some strong connections and even like our agency couldn't get us into facebook monetization, it's tough. How much! But does that really make you a lot? Because I don't that's what I want to know. How does it find like a big company? It's like a [ __ ] cpm, probably like anywhere from like 100 to 300 every million views. But when you get hundreds of millions of views it adds up so on 150 million you made like you gotta, I gotta do the calculator like two ten thousand twenty thousand, probably more wow yeah [ __ ] hell it's getting passed around like dude from one video yeah. I never made that much on one video holy [, __ ]. So is facebook, your like primary source of income? Oh yeah, like I, just got my my checks from youtube and facebook for like it's the following month, and my facebook check was literally 10 times higher than why is facebook, not hooking people up what they're doing is they're waiting? They have like the people who are in the beta monetization program on facebook. Half are in the one that I'm in where it's. Basically, if you click on a video and watch it, and you start scrolling through it'll- be like a sponsored video like in the video feed and the other half are in mid-roll ads. You'll see it on very few pages, they're, really big ones, right yeah. Those are juicy heads and uh like 30, like usually halfway through the video it plays an ad which is, I don't know how it keeps people even watching. That's what I'm on, especially not a lot of people must yeah, but I mean I've seen the numbers and the stats on the money generated from those videos. You know people who are in that yeah and I've seen them like wow. I'm like amazed at people. Do you know? What's the cpm on that kind of on that kind of program, I would have to look through my my messages and do the math. I don't really know, but it's much better than then yeah and then eventually, I'm sure they can have to have them combined and it'll just be triple. I don't know what, because I know like you're always getting into these weird programs. [ __ ], like I remember you were trying to help me get twitter monetization a while ago, yeah and I know like really big channels like really big channels that don't have facebook monetization and they have like 100 millions of views every month, bigger than youtube, and they can't even yeah it's like I, I mean how do you get into that [ __, ], who's, dick who's, what who's dick who's, hot dog bun? Don't you put my dick? It's it's all about who you know and I run my social medias like at the end of the day. My videos are mostly cringe and they kind of suck for the most part. I would say so. God bless um. Some of the content I make. I actually do enjoy and I like, and I'm like, I had fun doing that um, but the majority- I don't even think, is that good, but I run it like a business. I have deals here. Deals there to boost stuff to make sure I could monetize everything to get the most out of each video, as I possibly can make the connections and facebook, the facebook people they're the ones that know everybody and that could link you and connect you with you know: twitter, stuff, instagram, stuff, uh, even snapchat stuff. You mean employees of facebook or the marketers, the the yeah, the the marketers, I would say the the people who run the big accounts and there they they usually and everything's, like they all work on referral stuff. So, like I know like say if I know one person person a and he's working with person, b, person b created this new monetization thing or he has the plug in facebook for monetization he goes person, hey yo, find people to sign up and I'll give you like 20 of whatever they make, and then that person a will just reach out I'll. Be one of those people and be like yo. If you got anyone else, any friends of yours that want to be in as well, you know send them send them my way, I'm like alright cool, I usually like hooking people up like I even tried to hook up keemstar as just like, like good faith type stuff like yo, like let's put the youtube stuff behind us all, the beefing on youtube, all the [ __ ] talking and I'll help you out I'll, do something for you. You know, like I see, you're struggling on youtube, maybe down the road one day. Something will come up where it would. You would help me out, because I helped you out. So that's why I do it. I try to hook up all my friends into all these programs and stuff like um this guy. I know his name uh, I might even say his name, but he created a system on facebook that they can monetize any video through call to action links. So on facebook. If you go- and you see like an ad and you click on the video, sometimes below the video it brings into like a website um, what happened? Was he uh created like a system and an algorithm to put that stuff on like any video? Like would be your video? I think I tried to hook you up on it. Wait. How does that work? Does it's not through facebook, it's through facebook, but it's like through an algorithm that would like take your video and put it in like a paid promotion for like pennies, and it would put a website on the bottom of the website would be just ads and uh. Then after that uh you know it's on your page and now it has ads on it and it'll be hooked up to like a system and the video the money generated on the website will go right to your account. So that was a system that worked great for a few weeks and I was able to get people in like a monetization program. They weren't able to do it through facebook, but of course, soflo came in and started spamming it to hell wow where you would go and watch your video and, like you just add, blasting, on top of your video from the website, and it was like sub flow rooms, yeah yeah, single-handedly ruined that. So now facebook shut the whole thing down any video that had it got deleted. So I lost like half my videos, any video with it got deleted. Yeah it sounded and then some people's accounts got totally outright banned. Wow so flow, of course, was fine. This is why I hate facebook. For many reasons, I'm just gonna be real here, it's just so shady. It's a shitty shady [ __ ] hole shitty shady and when you bro first of all, you browse that food and it's just garbage. It's like being [ __ ] on your face and then someone puking on it doesn't make sense to me just a bunch of crap and videos and spam. It's like uh, it's incoherent, it's so much stuff, just reposted as well. Yeah! It's like my videos, get reposted by random pages. All the time- and I'm just be scrolling about oh there's, my video, a huge organization, it's like a huge orgy of copyright and the only person who benefits is facebook and they don't give a [, __, ] and now some companies they they reach out to me now, because I I'm like at that point where I'm big enough, you know they usually take smaller people's stuff without even composting, no credit, because what are they going to do so? They've been asking me and I'd be like all right, so I always try to work out deals all right. If you post my stuff, if you're monetized, I want to do a revenue share, split or we can cross post from my page. So the revenue goes some weird stuff and some of the companies have been lying to me saying: oh, we don't make money on our videos. We would just like to post it. I've been told that too, but yeah and then I'll be like okay post it I'm like wait. These people is no way they've run a hundred accounts, they're blasting out getting hundreds of millions of views. Full-Time employees like okay employees, I'm like so I reached out people. I know, and I found out yeah they are making money. So then I yeah, so I tell them like don't post my stuff, facebook's, just full of scammers yeah, and it it it just it's just the place for scams yeah, it's just they enable them, and then this is what [ __ ] pissed me off. You have a page like soflo who, from the beginning his whole point, was stealing people's videos. He was one of the first people with monetization one of the very first pages, with monetization ripping other people's [ __ ] off. Nothing ever happened to soflo he even when we made a parody facebook page. I don't know if you remember that we made a video yeah, so we made this is how [ __ ] shady he's got to do that manually. So he went on and he did it, but they had a complaint. So we made um. We made a parody of soflo's facebook, page a video, and we made a page called self flow bro, where I was ripping off soflo's videos and posting them there as a parody and so soflo followed a complaint with facebook saying that we were impersonating him, and not only did they close our page, but they took all of our followers and made them follow. Soflo's page. These are all people who hate soflo, who are fans of ours who, like this page, just to meme on him, and then they tense yeah tens of thousands of people and they made them all like soflo. Can you imagine that? Did you ever get your page back or no yeah yeah? We got it back and also only after making a whole video about it. Yeah yeah, probably so many complaints and facebook is probably like. Let's just make it wrong, but they're untouchable. It makes me [, __ ], happy yeah. What happens is there are corrupt people at each single social media in youtube, twitter, facebook, instagram snapchat? There are those few people that are in there that are pretty much corrupt mm-hmm. It's almost like. I want to get kickbacks like under the table. Yeah, it's like. I want to know these people, I know so many people who have uh instagram accounts that only post copyrighted stuff they get deleted the channels, but you don't make money on instagram no, but at least that they make money on it because they post like ads and stuff very spammy, very bad. They got millions of followers. They have like integrated, like people pay them directly to post garbage and their pages get deleted all the time, like all the time like two three times a month sometimes, but they know somebody on instagram like throwing 500 bucks get my page back, no way, that's going to be so transparent, so yeah, that's like that on every every social media youtube. As far as I can tell they're, because google is like, I met a ton of higher ups at youtube recently, because we went to the creator summit and these people are like they're all like real team players. I don't know yeah, you think they're like there's. Definitely some in there like they, I mean they. They they do favor, they definitely favor and do shady [, __ ] for sure yeah I mean like I watched, but they just blame the algorithm yeah. That's the big scary like I was watching the only thing I watch on youtube or other podcasts, like probably like two times a week um, but I was watching stephen crowder. I don't know if you've heard of him he's like he's like you know, this is a republican. He does podcasts uh yeah kind of young guy, yeah yeah. I know the guy I was just watching. I was watching about the yeah the bill and I thing yeah. He does some stuff too about like the youtube monetization stuff and like the young turks like they're like made a video, you know what something stupid and they had it featured on. Do you know? What's trending now, that's [ __ ]. True, first of all, let me just say for the record: I'm not a conservative person, I'm not I'm not conserving it at all. But when we went to the creator summit, the young turks, they were there, they featured him. They even put him in one of the presentations he interviewed they're a meme now they're a joke like the young turks yeah, the most of their stuff, just gets debunked right away by other republican podcasts or like they're. Seen as like the hypocrisy like. Sometimes their arguments like it just goes so far left where a lot of people on the left side are like dude. This is too much. I haven't seen that stuff, but the one thing I did see of theirs when this [ __ ]- oh my god, this [ __ ], made me angry seinfeld is my favorite show of all time, and they did this segment about jerry. Seinfeld was on larry king and larry king didn't know that um seinfeld didn't cancel that larry king thought that seinfeld was kind of cbs canceled seinfeld, which is honestly one of the dumbest things you can say, especially when you're interviewing jerry seinfeld, the show was number one. It's the most popular show of all time. It still gets. 100 million dollar deals, oh god, yeah dude they're bill larry david is a billionaire just from syndication regard. So larry king doesn't know this and jerry's like. Do you not know this? He gave him some [ __ ] and I think fully justifiably so they did a clip about this and this the main girl there she's like who is jerry seinfeld anyway. I think he's just bought her that nobody remembers who he is, and I was like [ __ ], who the [ __ ] are you. This is jay sci. I don't know that [ __ ] wrote me wrong. I never forgot that. Did you see the clip with alex jones when he crashed their thing? Yeah? That's! Oh man cause the young turks. They lost their [ __ ] yeah. That was well. I lost it. You're you're, a real conservative guy yeah I've been trying to stay away from it, but like keeps pulling me back in well you're on you're active yeah, it's like no! It's like weird like. If you watch look at my twitter, it's like I'll have like two weeks of non-stop republican talk and then I'll just go like two weeks like you just see me post, like a video of like something on that posted on facebook, and then I go get sucked back into it. I'm just like trying to like just live my life. Like I hate reading about it. I definitely try my best never to touch politics, but I'm fascinated by your involvement because, like a lot of your pranks seem to be very from a perspective right from a very specific political perspective, for example the trump car and the black neighborhood. Your theory was that black people hate trump yeah so like uh, going back to the whole uh social experiment thing and politics and stuff I'll occasionally now do a political, social experiment, but I'm consciously like anything you see me do political now is a hundred percent real, I'm not stepping on that foot again, where I'm doing a fake social experiment. I went to sweden, I made like a 25-minute documentary. I saw that it was. I went in there and p and I didn't even go. I went there and I was like I'm gonna make the most non-biased thing. I could possibly make I'm just going to interview people, I'm just going to walk around whatever I get. I get I'm going to put in there and I showed two both sides of the story and that's it. I didn't even give any of my opinion on anything. What was your? What were you looking like? What was your theory about sweden uh? I mean like trump uh, made the comments about sweden, saying um what happened last night in sweden. You know the migrants are coming in the crime's going up and you know I I took what he said. I'm like okay, you know, I see what he said. I believe that yeah, I believe that I went in. I did my research I'm like okay, would he, which city did you did add up? I was in stockholm, um and then I went to I think it was like in stockholm, it's like rink, b and uh a couple other times. I forget the names and then sweetie. So what did you find there yeah so yeah? So when I went there, I was like: let's go there and let's see who's right is trump right or is the left mainstream media right about everything I went there and it was like an extreme split of like trump versus the left yeah. That is complete opposite because, whatever they say, they'll go against something in the middle right yeah. So I went there and I interviewed my friends that I knew there um nobody wanted to be on camera. It's like I had. I had the blur out everybody's face. Nobody like even me, walking around with a camera. They were making sure I weren't on it or like when you talk politics. No one wants to be on it because it's like, if you get caught talking out about the refugees and the migrant crisis, then you lose your job. You'll lose everything, but what I found is there. Trump was right because I go there and I'm I'm talking to people and the people who were willing to come out and talk about. You know the migrant situation they would. They said they're like yeah they're, like I used to live in this really nice neighborhood and these no-go zones which sometimes cops do patrol and they call them no-go zones because cops, don't patrol there, but sometimes they actually do so. I found that out. It's not completely a no-go zone, but that's just what everyone refers to them, because it's very low place activity there, because um like I went to spots where all the riots are breaking out um. One thing that I could debunk that the right was saying is uh. There was a lot of car explosions that happened like there was one time where a whole parking lot got lit on fire and they were the right. Some people on the right were saying: oh, it's terrorism, terrorism, terrorism. You see because they're muslims, I don't even say the word muslim once in my entire video. Well, it's obvious. I I didn't even want to make it about a religion thing. I was just making it solely based of migrants like not even like motorcycles, but what I found out was with the car stuff um. They were doing it for insurance. It was swedish people, no, no, it was the migrants, but it wasn't an act of terror. It was not an act of terror, it was, they would all get together calling each other up. I was talking to a migrant that told me this he's. Like yeah, I came here in the 80s. You know I moved up in society, everything's, nice and dandy, but he's like these stupid some of these migrants coming in now, it's all punks they're, all gang members, they're coming in they're, just starting a whole heap of mess, a whole heap of problems, they're attacking cops and what they do is they all get all their cars together, some nights and they just blow them all up. They have grenades. He says because they, I guess when they come up or they smuggle in like weapons like actual weapons, and he says they they blow it up to collect money from the insurance. I'll tell you, we were interested yeah, we weren't just there and the comments were [ __ ] horrifying. There were so many racist shitty comments like um, like just to give you an idea stuff like um. Don't let ella get raped by the uh, the refugees or whatever right, like that's the meme, and if you look at it, it's really shocking. Well, let me tell you because I don't. I had no idea where it came from like we just posted vlogs and all of a sudden. All the comments were like about that yeah. I was pretty horrified, but I'll tell you we were in stockholm for a week. We walked around there at three in the morning several times three five six in the morning. I never. I didn't once feel unsafe yeah, it's not I mean it's. It's kind of at the same time was the left side of the argument. Is you know you got nice cities like la, but if you go to the wrong side of the town, you're going to get la is way sketchier than stockholm yeah like downtown in l.a yeah. It all depends on what areas you go to of anywhere there's going to be crime, you know, but the problem is is this is like imported crime like um, the sweden's statistics on anything crime related is skewed and almost fraudulent. In most cases, because uh, the police don't like to report on certain things. So what is your theory? Why do you think that the swedish government itself wants it? Because the way you point it out is almost like? The swedes want to be victimized because they don't want to report it. They don't want to acknowledge it. It's that's a little deeper. I don't really know much of what the theory is they just want. They just keep doubling down on bringing more and more migrants in they're like there's something wrong. Well, let's put this into perspective in america there's over, I think 300 million people in sweden. I believe there's only like nine about yeah about nine, and I I I don't remember my numbers are not 100 correct, but I remember I did the math and last year with the migrants that they brought in the refugees is like adding an entire los angeles yeah that makes sense to america. Do you acknowledge that sweden is doing like a good thing for the world, because these the syrian refugees are being like bombed and gassed and yeah I mean it. It's definitely like you. You need to do something, but at the same time as I don't think you should bring that from a third world country to a first world country. It doesn't mix and it and what happening is the zones that they're living in is expanding and it's it's merging into actually the nice zones. So it's like you say you take compton and say every year, compton expands a mile closer to the city. That's exactly what's happening. In sweden, they're nice, their nice cities are getting smaller, their bad cities are getting bigger and it's because of the influx. I wonder what a swede would tell yeah if they're here right now, did you get any kickback from the swedes after you made your documentary um a lot tim poole he's a a journalist who went there and he basically uncovered pretty much the same exact thing. I did but he's a conservative guy he's not even a conservative guy he's just he's just a journalist. He goes out there um and he pretty much uncovered the same exact thing and we even got pulled over by the cops we were driving through um a no-go zone and the cops pulled us over. They took us out of the car they're like what are you doing here, they're, like oh we're, just filming, documentaries, they're like get out of here, you're not prepared for what these people would do to you. If they see you filming, I just I the thing that doesn't make sense to me in this like this narrative is like I says: why do the swedes want to be victimized and and [ __ ] over and taken advantage of and not report the stats, not acknowledge it um they have like I've interviewed one guy and what he does is all that he does. Is he just gathers statistics on news stories or stuff that goes on in sweden and he has a whole column and a whole category for hand grenade attacks that the police try to ignore uh example. Why did the police try to ignore hand grenade attacks? Does it make any what happens, but why? What's your theory, I don't even I don't even know. How can you hold this opinion and not have any like theory about what it seems like an insane thing to do right. It's got to be a good reason. Yeah I mean I used to have theories, but I went so long ago and I tried not to think about it. Let me try to think so. I think basically um their government is super leftist spokes right yeah, you can say it cucks. I don't even use that word when I'm talking politics inside. I just think it's stupid like because everyone like people call me cuck. Everyone gets called a cuck, it's stupid, okay and uh. So I think that, because they're leftists, they want to prov their idea. The ideology is providing for the world and or their country everything free everything for everybody. Everyone lives very socially in a utopia very socialist and what happens is they're trying to aid these migrants, which I remember, seeing a video on youtube of a guy showing like um. This is what happens when you bring a refugee in you know you, let's say first world countries bring like two million in there's three million created so you're, not at the end like when you look at the whole scale of everything uh between you know how many migrants you're bringing in you're, not even making a dent in the numbers like america, like you, bring in 100 000 out of you, know, tens of millions there's this one saying what is it? I think it's a jewish saying when you save one life, you save the whole world or something I think that was muslim. Is it everyone just wants to claim that [ __ ] yeah give it to him. Well, it makes more sense in that context, yeah I'll give it to the muslims um, but like so I I when we did the fan meetup, I met the syrian refugee, he came and it had it actually had an impact on me. Mm-Hmm yeah. He came to our friend, yeah um, I actually when I went in the migrant zones, I actually got recognized by a couple years really yeah and I told them. I was like hey. I want to interview you about. What's going on in your town and uh, she told me she's, like yeah, you know it's very bad. You know she was basically telling me confessing everything that happens. You know the gangs run rampant at night. You know it's really bad. I'm like okay. Let me get you on a skype interview and interview you, oh no! No! I said too much. I can't talk to you anymore and I was actually supposed to meet up with a few other people. I guess there were young men on there and then she warned me she's, like I know those kids they're planning on uh. They might be planning on jumping you at the place you're trying to meet them at. So I had to cancel that because I was going to interview more people there that would willing to do it, but the this girl told me be careful. They might jump you, so I canceled it um yeah, I'm conflicted on it. I mean. Obviously I didn't really investigate it. I don't know my anyway. We we had the fan meet up and a really tall spoke really good english arab-looking guy he's, like I just moved here a year and a half ago from syria and um. He was just telling me about how, like sweden, saved his life, because his whole [ __ ] block was [ __ ] and I never. I don't think I've ever met a syrian refugee. That was the first time yeah, but he's like I used to watch your videos when I was in syria and we were getting bombed yeah, it was shocking. I was like what and he said, a bunch of syrians he knew back in during that time. You should watch our videos. See like a misconception with the right. Is people are like? Oh you don't want to take refugees in you want them all to die. You don't want to do anything for them, which is the very opposite, because it's no uh the people on the right want to enact policies and help them out over. There basically fix. Let's fix the problem there to make it better for everybody, that's what the rights proposal is. I guess that's like the left is just let them all come in here, even though I don't think that's true, not not all of them. That's a very oversimplification of what the left I think want to do. Just let them in that's not what's happening in most places in europe, for example, floodgates I know like in america. The policy of like vetting refugees is pretty pretty tough. It takes like a couple of years. It's not just like get on a boat. Let's go y'all, no, and I think in germany they all just walked up there. It's true! It's a lot. Less they're, also a lot closer, but they're right there and they're [ __ ] dying, they're, they're, literally getting bombed and and slammed on. So it's a bruh. It's very it's! It's definitely a tough decision, because you know radical extremists are using that as a walkway just to get up through and see again. This is this is another contested point like I don't know, I'm not deep enough into all the stats and stuff, but I think that, like the amount of terrorists they're, purportedly like snuck in is probably not as big as the alarmists say. Yeah I mean I'm always open to the possibility, like I don't know like my most extreme side of my thinking, is like I just feel like one day, they're all just going to start flooded in through those and it's like flooding in through what, through the migrant stream, oh yeah, I mean it makes sense and just start like deploying in all over the country and now they're, they're everywhere and they're all communicating with each other. Next thing you know they set a full-scale attack and like wreak some havoc on one day. That's like my worst side of thinking. That's going to happen. That is ridiculous. Though it is the level of coordination like it would be crazy. It was uh um. The movie would, I think, was drawed butler, well, they're, not like an army. Let's just say that's right, they're, just like rogue animals like, but here's the. I think just creating a bomb and or running people over with a car. The thing I think the best way I've heard it explain. I don't remember who it was um, but it's like a it's a war of ideas. Right, like I, don't think it's even an issue of letting people in or keeping people out of money too. Okay, but it's like you know, just like from a moralistic standpoint. It's a good thing to do right, but it's not even about like bringing letting terrorists intelligent people, it's a war of ideas like you need to you need them. The muslims who know, which is the vast majority that you're not supposed to blow [ __ ] up right, the the ones who observe it as it's supposed to be observed and not want to kill people to like be on your side. You have to like the norm in the culture needs to be hey, [, __ ], these guys who are blowing up kindergarten and schools and stuff. So you need to you need to like be it's a word. I have tons of muslim friends. I know that yeah. I know there are some really the majority of the muslims, I would say, are like really nice good people like you and me like they don't believe in that bombing stuff, but there's there's still. I remember I forgot what the number I forgot where the numbers came from, but there's like well over 100 million muslims who do support isis. I've seen some stats like that and it's scary. It is scary. Well the thing how many muslims are in the world there's like billions, it's the most, it's the biggest religion, the biggest religion, but like um, I have seen some [ __ ]. Like again, I don't know if it's true, but if it is it's very alarming uh some study that was like ten percent of all muslims in england want sharia law or some [ __ ]. So it could be prophetically. They have sharia law, courts and stuff, and sharia law depends on what kind of shrill you look at. I mean there are some versions of sharia law where it's okay, to beat your wife, it's okay, to kill someone who's, not a muslim, and that's like I feel like to me as an israeli. It seems so weird that people here are so concerned with these issues like you're in america, you're so far from everyone yeah and down there. It's like seems a little paranoid. Israel is actually surrounded by countries who want everyone dead, yeah, yeah so like when I'm here, and I hear all these people so concerned about it. I'm like what are you even talking about yeah like you're, safe up here yeah, I mean it's a good point. It's a good point. It's like it doesn't even seem. Like I mean compared to israel, it seems like there's not even a problem here. It's a good point. It's like israel is like. Are you taking a little too seriously like? Why is it so personally affecting you yeah in the way that it seems like maybe it's selfish or like an overreaction or more like the overreaction? Or it's like you know it's this classical thing of like um, this the scapegoat right like [, __, ], these arabs, or these muslims, or whatever yeah. It's like this classical scapegoat, because it's almost like not even really a problem in america at all, like on on scale, yeah, israel, when ila was a kid. They were blowing up cafes like every weekend, right, yeah and hila's, and she has a really good point he's like. I don't worry about getting blown up cafes, a lot of people they're like it's clearly like all their attacks, all their wars. It's an ideology based religion based attack, it's all based on islam. It's not like they needed money and they wanted to steal some bread and they blew up the shop like no, it's all based on the ideology and the scaring thing is. I mean every single religion, there's bad stuff in each religion, but example is if, if you look at islam- and you start reading through the quran, there's a lot of probably a lot worse stuff in there- I don't know the bible and torah are [ __ ] whack. There is some older christians, the jews. They did terrible the crusade, the difference through reformations yeah. That's the difference. That's the difference right, that's the difference, because we have like a hierarchy structure of our church system where they're like okay. This is bad like killing someone they all agree. That's why I say it's like a war of ideas in a way, because I do, on the other hand, acknowledge that, like I think, per capita a lot of the weird [ __ ] terrorism and crimes and [ __ ], I mean there's definitely some strong thread of violence through that muslim, community or arab muslims to be more specific, so the extreme that, like there's a really extremist like you hear people say like you, don't see jews and christians going and [ __ ] doing suicide bombs. Maybe you do see some christians these days, there's been some weird like alt-right terrorists. Yeah. A lot of those are false flags like the new one that they're labeling this guy. He like stabbed somebody. I didn't even read too much into it, but basically they labeled him as an alt-right extremist who stabbed someone based off of whatever their religion or color. I forgot what it was. He didn't even vote for trump yeah and he was a bernie supporter and was like. Well, I think, that's fine! It's a problem with the world. Today, everybody like wants to use everything, sometimes [, __ ], just happens. Whatever happened to just being a crazy person wants to kill people exactly it's not like everything's, a race or religion yeah. Everybody wants to use every situation to further their narrative and it's it's. It's [ __ ] up, but that's why I mean like it's a war of ideas for me, yeah, because, like inside the muslim arab community, I feel like you have to you, have to um connect with the vast majority of sane, good, loving people so that they all can den. We can all denounce these. It's like it's like entire countries, where they're just brainwashing all their children at a young age. You know this is this. Is our god? This is our religion. You know it says here you have to do this. If someone does this, you, you know um, they castrate, like women. Yeah mutilate genitals like very, like yeah there's, some [ __ ], primitive, primitive, stuff yeah. I saw an ad. I don't know. If you guys saw this, it was [ __ ]. It moved me dude some telecom um company god. What was the kind? I don't remember the country, but it was a arabic ad from a muslim country strike that reverse it whatever and um. It was like this really moving thing about how they were like saying no to terrorists and [ __, ] and humiliating. I have no idea where we saw it. I saw it on reddit, but it was like this huge telecom. Uh company made this for ramadan. It was like all these people. Okay, like this I'd, read a yeah. It was really moving, so this one guy was like trying to blow [ __ ] up and all these normal people were like coming together to be like [, __ ]. You loser in a much more poetic way, yeah, but that's the kind of thing that I love seeing from from them, where I'm like, oh god, this is what I think is wonderful. What I personally think is to fix. The problem is for all muslims, especially very vocal ones that have an influence in the muslim community just come out and basically be open and honest like how I am about any religion like I'm, a christian born and raised christian, but I know there's some stuff in there that's messed up, but as a christian, I'm only following the set of guidelines of being a good person, you know, basically, how like jesus is the model as like a perfect human being live the life without sin, no bad things. Whatever the end of the day, I don't even believe in it. I just believe in any religion. That's just teachings whether it's real or not, it's a gazillion religions. Odds of ours being right is slim to none, but I just like to see it as a way of teaching, but I feel like muslims and people who study the quran should just be open. Like yeah muhammad did this, he did this bad thing. He did this bad thing, but we're going to just ignore that and let's just focus on the good things and that teaching, but I haven't seen not one come out and just have an open discussion about that, like it's an undeniable fact where, if you're in a debate and you're prepared to denounce stuff in in the quran and you've, got the verses out in front of you, you can just say a ton of stuff and they'll just definitely wish we had a muslim person here to speak. Me too speak for it. I remember because we're just kind of circle, jerky yeah. I remember I don't really know what we're talking about. I think fouseytube was actually confronted multiple times about stuff. That muhammad did you know by raping like a six-year-old or something like that, and he would just ignore it or or not, even defend it just like kind of like brush over it like. Why? Don't you like? That's an undeniable fact: that's in your book! Why don't you address it and have a solution to what you're addressed like you're? It's like: how can you address that? I don't know it's like I'm sure that you know being muslim. It's um, I'm sure that, like you can you can be muslim as like a culture and not necessarily like orthodox muslim. It's the same in israel, yeah yeah, so it's like. How can you address it? I don't know he's a muslim in his identity. I don't I'd like to hear it not necessarily about this one story about one guy yeah. I don't know yeah from someone came up to me, like hey, moses, [, __, ], shoved his cane up a little girl's, vag yeah. What do you have to say about that? What well? I guess I would be like. Well, that's weird, but you're still jealous yeah, I'm still doing it yeah. I wonder if moses [, __ ] stuck his cane up any if he did any weird stuff with his camera. He definitely did some weird [. __ ] turned it into a snake. It's a different time. Yeah the different differences. Here's this ad! I want to show you guys. I think this is it yeah. I think this is it. I'm glad we got the cnn money stamp. Oh yeah confront your enemy with peace, not war, so yeah you guys, you guys, can watch the [ __ ] video worship, your guard with love. I guess it's for the people who can't see it. This movie was launched in may yada yada yeah. The problem with this is there's a whole section of muslims watching this and they're like. If you stop that guy from blowing up those non-muslims you're not really a muslim like all the muslims living in america. Well, clearly, that's not that's not made for people who are the audience. Yeah, no, of course, but like say uh. If we had a muslim in this room right now, just talking to us there's a whole section of islam who, like that person's, not a real muslim, I'm not going to because these people's mouths. Well, you can say that about any relationship. Yeah we'll talk to an orthodox guy he's going to say it's not a real dream because she doesn't cover her hair when she goes out yeah yeah! Well, it sounds the same. It sounds like their version is a lot more extreme than ours for sure, because relationship, because you disagree they're the worst. I don't know, I don't even know much about the jewish culture. If you want to talk about like terrible yeah they're, not perfect, there was a an orthodox guy who went on a stabbing spree at the jerusalem pride parade last year, the last year, oh they're, the worst. Also in israel. We have, we have purim, which is the holiday, where you wear costumes like like the same that you have here, kind of so um. One time I just wore, like I don't even know like maybe shorts or a skirt or something not even like crazy. I don't wear like [, __, ], yeah, stuff and there's plenty of people who I I was just revealing some skin and some orthodox guys started to curse me for work. I was just walking the streets. I went to uh an islamic country recently. I can't say who what country weird reasons why I can't say where I was: how bad could it be? You can't say the country. I always told you that I was told this is like one of the most advanced islamic countries socially and most acceptable muslim countries. There was some nice place. Why can't you say the country, I'm fascinated by that? The more I'll I'll tell you all there god, but like? Can you hint that's so weird, I'm not gonna give a hint um, but basically joey got into some trouble. Did you get in trouble? I didn't really get in trouble, but I would get in trouble. Okay, um! Basically I went there with the notion. Everyone on the trip was saying this is the most you know advanced islamic country super social. There were some really beautiful parts of the country I'll give them that, but the majority of it, like the women, were told when you go out into this into the city into the streets cover up like how much because even if I don't show any skin like we were with a girl who would a girl who had her her uh her legs showing like half of her legs shown everybody in their mothers were staring at her. Okay and yeah. I mean like you, can wear you don't have to wear like a full thing like you like I've, seen like even in iran and lebanon, they were like gotta, wear a full thing, so that's not the most liberal muslim yeah it I mean it could be, but it's still like it's not an iran and lebanon on the two that I know you have to you. Don't, oh you do you have to wear it, but you can like show yeah, hair still yeah. It was the same in indonesia, yeah yeah. You can wear like a mini, scarf yeah and then upon leaving the trip the women on the trip were like this place was a hellhole it sucked like, and they were the ones going in like talking highly of it, and when we went there it was a mess like the the country's a third world country and so the place you know people there and you don't want to be saying yeah. I don't want to say: okay um what you were saying you were saying you disagree with my point earlier uh because, like if I said a muslim, let's just say a terrorist muslim would say like say we had um kareem. You know kareem youtuber. I can't know his last name make social experiments. Muslims, oh yeah, yeah yeah. I can't pronounce his last name. I don't even try um he's watching right now. If he was in this room talking, he is yeah right now: yeah cool, oh [, __ ], oh [, __, ] joey's got this apple. He's like you, you guys said you needed a muslim. That could have been me. Oh yeah, that would have been really yeah. Oh you're, getting a text to your watch, joey's, a high-tech boy yeah. If he was in that room right now and some other muslim who's planning to blow up another ariana grande concert, he would say: kareem is not a real muslim and he deserves to die. Well sure some yeah we're talking whole thing. Yeah extremists, I'm saying, is, but that's not I've. I've never met or even heard of a christian extremist. I don't know jewish is enough: christian terrorist, the unabomber- I don't know if it was a practicing christian. What I'm saying is like I don't know of any christian or even heard of any incidents or cases or even, if there's a number for it of christians. That would be like me in this room with with the jew, you deserve to die because you're, not a real christian you're associating with a jew like well. You know in islam it's definitely a larger number and a much harsher treatment in the case of that happening. Okay, like I I can't like. If save you went, and would you say you other jewish people were telling you to cover up and stuff yeah? What would be the punishment? I'm just curious, like no yeah, there's no point, there's no punishment! Well, okay, but they'll. Tell you like you. Yeah are not following the tendencies: yeah I'll. Definitely I'll. Definitely agree with that point where, but I don't think any really. I don't think, first of all, even throughout the whole muslim world. I don't think there's many like how do you call it when you like? Don't practice when you give up secular, no there's this name for it like there's? Definitely like I don't know. I know you believe the faith apostate. I think it's called anyway. I know so I don't think there's many deaths even across the whole globe, where they're like. Oh, you left islam, I'm gonna, [, __ ] kill you now like. Maybe it happens a couple times a year. I don't know yeah, I don't even know the number, but regardless I have one. Jews are [, __, ], crazy man. There was a prime minister. This this story is great and horrifying both what was his name, the one who was about to bring peace robin robin. So there was this prime minister in israel. He had brokered peace between the palestinians. It was like going to happen and he was assassinated not by a palestinian but by a extreme jew, wow [, __ ]. Nothing gunned down right, yeah at a speech yeah at a speech. I think that all these religions start all this violence and terrorism. I believe it's a possibility. It could have just started from aliens flying over now you're talking at the end of the day. I don't know if you're kidding or not, but I want to explore that it's a mystery. No one will know unless something freaky happens. Wasn't there an alien ufo flying over la like just last year. If this wasn't ufo, okay, here's what I want to do. Here's what I want to say: we've talked enough about this [ __, ] yeah. Let's move it on! I want to talk about aliens and I want to talk about ghosts. We have for some reason. It's become a thing where we have ghost stories. I don't know why. Let's take a quick break, let's go get, let's go hydrate. I've been hydrating this whole time. Let's go dehydrated yeah, guys we'll be back in five minutes with spooks and goofs and ufos guys welcome back from the break. We are here with joey saladino and sean. That's pretty good! That's close yeah! That's good! Yeah to the realtors um! You were about to ask joey a question about his his uh pranks, so we always see posts like on twitter and facebook. Nonsense, look who's using my or my teachers using one of the saladinos social experiments in my sociology class like how do you feel about those fake videos being featured wow? I think about college courses like educating the youth. It is such a good. I think about that all the time, and I just think to myself it's all a prank, that's the prank. I love that on one hand, you're, like you're, super passionate about like this refugee issue for like the betterment of society, but on the other hand, you have teachers using your fake experiments in these classes and you're talking you're directly eroding the fabric of society. How do you, but, like generally, like those two things you made a joke about it? I think I'm sorry, I think it's you know over exaggerating a little bit over comparing child abduction, uh in videos of uh staged instance, instances compared to refugees. I think that's a well one stretch um so examine the child. Abduction went on its own then so like well you're fear-mongering, though I would say yeah yeah, definitely even even if how are they different, even if, even if the real videos, I even I would even say the real videos are even fear mongering as well, because if you look at the statistics I would say, kids are susceptible to get abduction. You can probably go up to any kid right now and probably you can snap them easily, but it doesn't happen because it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen. Yeah. I love hearing. You say that it happens, but not as much like the statues wanted to adopt a kid. You could go and get it. The fact is, it doesn't happen and you portray a world where it's just that easy right. So I don't see the difference on that one. I don't see the difference. You're, fear-mongering and they're teaching it in class yeah. I don't know they're idiots for teaching it. I didn't tell them to teach it in class. They took it upon them. I do agree with you, I'm not like sending it to the school saying you should teach this in the sociology class. I think there were probably kids in the class that probably raised their hand. Saying hey, that's joey salads, some of his videos. I would have said that if I was watching it, some of his videos have been declared as fake and totally exposed, and he even admitted that. So we should watch this with a grain of salt, yeah dramatization you could even watch it is that dramatization yeah I mean that's. That is a [ __ ] true point. Anyone who shows that in the classroom should be what thing is I've seen it in so many classrooms, because people send us their screenshots, or I mean they send us pictures, and so many, like all the kobe person yeah, that's the one. I see a lot of colby person. No, I guess colby person like have my videos. He took the ideas. Do you think colby stole from you? There are people that work. I think there's someone that writes kobe's videos. I love that he can't even write his own. It's like pranks.com. What is that [ __ ], I don't even know I haven't even heard I haven't seen anything say pranksters.com in like two years. I mean they used to put in the beginning of all their videos. Yeah. I don't see it anymore. Well, I don't even watch the videos anymore. So somebody out there is writing colby's pranks yeah, he's like one of the videos was even almost word for word. It was uh one of the gold digger ones. It was a private jet gold, digger video and I synced it up like word-for-word. It was like the same exact dialogue really who released it first. I did sounds like rounds for a lawsuit dude. Oh yeah. I love that um. Do you hold a grudge for that? How do you feel about that? I don't get more views. I mean mine definitely got more on facebook. I think on youtube. He's got more facebook for sure dude. He ain't touching me on facebook. I can't compete on facebook um you can't get paid. I said I can't compete. I don't really buy proxy. You can't get paid yeah. The thing is your: your content is probably not that good for facebook. It's long form yeah yeah. It's not it's perfect for youtube. How their algorithm should be yeah favoring view time, were you saying you um people are saying we promise to get into the ghost stories? Okay, we should have anything else. Welcome to dude, welcome to the spooks and goof segment of the podcast, which unintentionally became the only part people care about. So here's the premise. I don't believe in ghosts at all, I'm a very skeptical person. I don't believe in ufos. I don't believe any of that [ __ ] wow, but I'm I'm open right, because every guest we've had so far had really interesting. Ghost slash, ufo stories. Vac me and eel have a new ghost story to share yeah. You have ghost stories and yet you don't believe in ghosts. Yeah, it just happened. Everyone loves this segment, but, like I it's a good balance because a lot of our guests are really into it and we kind of like okay. Well, maybe you know it's kind of interesting, but I'm open right, so joey salads. Let me ask you: do you like salad, I actually hate salads. Do you hate salads? I hate the sound the smell of it. I hate the crunching sound, there's so many levels to style. Yeah, I didn't know you could hate salad on that just meat and a slight bit of lettuce on top I'll eat it do you, eat vegetables, yeah, broccoli, carrots, that was my two faves broccoli and carrots. You're, sweet, you're, a sweet kid yeah! That's nice, um wow! Well, I'm kind of disappointed finding you don't like salads, but regardless on to the second question, do you have any ghost stories? I don't have any ghost stories all right get out. Do you have a ufo story? You have a ufo theory. I have old theories on ghosts and ufos yeah tell me: do you believe in it? What goes to your? Do you believe in ghosts or ufos um? Is it really I believe this and how does it really affect them? I could make it relate back if you believe it, don't don't I'm not. I'm not a facebook watcher. Give me the [ __ ]. Give me the real truth. Well, my theory on ghosts is, I don't really even know if they're really not, it does seem plausible. I feel like there's so much to the universe, and this sounds like stoner talk, but I don't even smoke. Let's go but there's so much to the universe that we can't even comprehend or understand, like there's got to be some other dimension or parallel reality to this one yeah and like the energy and like souls, and when you think about that, it's like religion gives these answers, but are they even real they're like oh, you die about you go to heaven. Your soul goes to heaven. It's like how do you know that, like for a fact nobody's ever crossed over no one yeah, you no one's came over and came back. Wasn't he taking up body? Oh you want it. Didn't he come back anyway. Let's not get into that! Yeah yeah jesus he's he's a one-of-a-kind guy yeah. He pulled it off. Nobody else has so far um, so yeah. Basically, there's so much that we don't know like when you die. What what what we are our ability to think and talk and move and like self-consciousness like where does that consciousness go? Does it just end when your brain dies? When, or are you stuck in like an internal loop in your brain? That feels like an eternity and that's pretty much? What heaven is in your brain, or it is yours, you have a soul that comes out and gets goes to another dimension or heaven or hell or wherever, and if that is true, that soul and that energy of your body, it's possible could be lingering around and doing things that you've done a lot spooking people. How do you feel about your reincarnation, anything's possible? We don't know like how the hell are we supposed to know, but, like the theory like the thought that, like grandma died in this house and now and then stuff happens that when you think about it, it's like say that that was plausible to me. It's like, if you think like say that's my grandma's, favorite chair and every other day or every other week, it just reclines randomly, and it's like the grandma always used to recline the chair every day. Probably I feel like that motion and that thing of doing something every day and you die. Maybe it leaves like some kind of energy aura that just continues to do it. You know like it's like mysteries, so you just never know, and it's yeah. I agree. I agree. I I do agree that there's pretty much like we don't understand a lot of [ __ ]. Just the very the very idea of existence itself is like such a weird paradox that it's yeah and when people say they, don't they don't believe in god, because it sounds like like a crazy talk to think that's crazy. You believe in it and a guy in the sky that created everything it's like. Is that any less crazy than us talking to each other right now and being in existence? What makes it god any less crazy? You know. No! I agree, although my my idea of god isn't like well. This is, this is spooks and gifts on a different level, but my idea of god is not someone who, like watches you masturbate or whatever, but like probably whatever, whatever higher power, is just kind of sparked the beginning right. It's like aliens, god is an alien, obviously think about like this. If a plane, if we're living three four thousand years ago and a plane flows over the sky, people can start worship in that plane and declare a religion based off what it looks like and draw pictures of it and worship it and come up with stories about it. What makes you example uh when I think was when moses uh, like escaped with all the slaves there was a light in the sky that he followed and it brought him to safety. Doesn't that sound like a ufo he followed possibly was it polaris yeah? No, he said there was a. There was a. I remember like seeing pictures of it in my in my own religion class in my book, and I'm like that looks like a ufo like it was like a light in the sky that he followed and it guided him and then, when he went up on the mountain and he got the ten commandments or whatever right there in the burning bush and it's like, god, is an alien, doesn't it sound like it could have possibly have been an alien amount? I mean yeah sure yeah, it's fine, but if you believe the story to begin with yeah exactly um, how about this one, mary, all right that gave birth to jesus mary was visited. Yes, where did the muslims come in and blow everyone up back there? In the middle of the night, mary was visited by an angel and was granted a gift of having like she was just getting a [ __ ] dick on the side, either that and then she gave more plausible explanation she was visited by alien didn't have sex was just pregnant, gave birth to a human with mystical powers that everybody started to worship that mystical person died, came back to life died again and wasn't he taken up into heaven, body and soul lifted by the light up into the sky same thing with mary when mary died lifted into the light? Well, does that sound like she was visited by an alien artificially? Inseminated gave birth to jesus, who had enhanced psychic capabilities, because that's just the events, alien race and then was taken back up. Yes, jesus was an x-men, x-men's origins, x-men origins. It goes back to jesus um sean. Have you ever been spooked? Oh I've been spooked plenty of times. Are you serious yeah? Are you not necessarily ghosts? But okay, I didn't expect you to to be a ghost guy, but I'd love for it to be. Tell me what you got the most prominent one. I guess I could think of would be uh. I used to go to san francisco a lot because we lived like 45 minutes south of there when we were in university right and I had a buddy who was painting the william westerfeld house in alamo square, which is like an old gothic talk about andrew victorian yeah. So we go party in the city and I go spend the night in this spooky ass house and one night uh. I was in just really plain: wood red velvet room, just a bed, a rug, an old phonograph uh and like a bureau, so I'm laying in bed pretty pretty straight. Like not, you know exaggerated position or anything and I'm I'm looking up through my eyelids, but I can see everything that's happening in the room, like understandably talking to people after this and reading up about it. Already sleep paralysis. You could see through your eyelids yeah exactly so. I know my eyes are closed, but I can see everything that's happening in the room and then suddenly there's a man, a red-headed, short-haired man standing next to the bed. He doesn't say anything he he smiles without showing his teeth. I don't know if I can do it, it looks goofy, but it was innocent and I'm telling myself in my head to wake up, wake up open your eyes. I can feel my body, but nothing can move um, and so he actually steps into the bed. So he's like perpendicular with me. It's like a ghost [ __ ] and he turns to face me as he's like halfway in my body right and then I wake up. Yeah was it? Was it like a frightening presence? It was frightening in the sense that I couldn't control anything, but you didn't feel, but I was there presence of mind and everything. No. He was very innocent huh. Now, when you go to sleep, can you control your dreams? Like lucid dreaming, no see when I, when I go if a while ago, I used to practice how to lucid dream and you just go in there and you control everything like you're, the [ __ ], like you're you're, a freaking x-men, and I used to when I used to try to do that. That would happen to me the sleep, paralysis, okay and because I I don't know why, because I go to sleep just thinking of doing it and then like sometimes when I'm falling asleep, I feel it coming yeah and then yeah. You know it's gonna happen when you go to sleep like because you have like a clock, you have to wake up like yeah, immediately or you'll, be just trapped, yeah yeah! So then it happens and it's like. I know, I'm in it and it's like you, don't even know what it is. It's like you're like awake, but like half sleeping or are you just like totally asleep or what's spooky weird happening than any ghost story ever because it's [ __ ] wrong? I actually have a good story when you're done, I just thought of one. So I actually have always had chronic sleep paralysis. Usually I've read that it's like a symptom of people with epilepsy, with a seizure disorder, often have chronic sleep paralysis. I have a, I think it has something to do with my tourette's or something like that, but I have it sometimes. The worst is when you get it when you're falling asleep, because it's like how the [ __ ] like that happens briefly, and it stopped thank god. It always happens. When I wake up and it's always the same, I must have had this dream hundreds of times in my life, where I just wake up and I'm in an infinite white void and I'm laying down and like um, I'm just completely paralyzed in an infinite white void and I'm like super anxious and like because I have tourette's, I always have the need to like fidget and move my fingers and [ __ ] and like flex. My muscles is like part of my tics, my ocd, but I can't do it because I'm paralyzed so like I get like super anxious, because I really want to like fidget yeah and I'm stuck there in this infinite white void. Just like trying crazy, always trying to sit up and um just sounds terrible and I'm fully conscious. I'm fully conscious and like sometimes this [ __ ] happens where you can hear stuff around you and you feel, like you can understand. Things are happening around you, but after encountering it like hundreds of times, I think I realized that it's all part of the dream, like it's super convincing, like I hear my mom cooking breakfast or some [ __ ] or I have the television on the living room and I'm sure that that's actually happening. But I I think I've come to realize that it's all part of the dream, okay, yeah, it makes sense your brain's controlling everything. If something's going on in there, it's kind of like people totally hallucinate and they believe that they're seeing spiders running on the table and it's not there, but sometimes it goes on for like 30 seconds and sometimes it will go on for like I swear, like maybe a half an hour damn and that is still happening to you. It comes in waves like sometimes I'll get it a lot it. It happened the most when I was like a teenager young teenager, so I get it sometimes now but like when it goes on and on dude I'll wake up and I'll be like I'm. Never I'm never going to sleep again, and the worst part is that when I experience it, I wake up super tired. So, like my body wants just to fall asleep like more than anything like my heart was probably racist. My heart's racing, I'm super anxious and in my dream, I'm like I'm, never [ __ ] sleeping again, but when I wake up, I'm like so overcome by tiredness that it's kind of horrifying too, because I know I'm about to fall asleep again and I really don't want to and I'll fall asleep and I'll slip right back into the paralysis. So it's like your brain is still firing off. Chemicals are still going yes and you're, never getting the chance to actually rest. Well, you, I think what happens. Is I wake up? My body never gives me like the wake up chemical. So when I wake up, I'm still like deep sleep, because what I read is it happens when your body doesn't give you that kick have people have the same exact dream as you. I've never heard of someone who had the same exact paralysis, try looking up like forms- maybe maybe like people with like because sometimes like this website. So you talk about like tourette's or like sleep paralysis and people share their stories. You might see something similar could have answers. My theory is that it like it has a lot to do with, like the helplessness that I experience by having tourette's, because I'm so like subconsciously. I just can't control it like. I can't control it really yeah the ticking it's out of our hands, I feel, like you, have a fidget spinner. I [ __ ] hate I play with the fidget spinner the first time I hate it. It drives me it makes me anxious. It drives me crazy, because I came like super obsessed. Oh yeah, I can't put it down. I'm like [, __ ], this thing's driving crazy. It's just adding it's just feet in the face. Yeah I hate it. You know you don't know what fidget spinner is no damn dog, [, __ ], I'm guessing it's something you hold in here. It's like it's everywhere! It's this uh, it's on like a swim, yeah a bearing and it's got three sides and you just spin it and you hold it right. That's that's it and it's super popular the kids, [ __ ] love it. I used it once and I got addicted and I put it down. I didn't like it whenever I see it, I pick them up, but that's the thing. I always pick it up yeah. Just this thing. Oh, it looks like uh that guy from futurama right clamps what I don't remember that okay clamps, but anyway that was that's. How did you make that comparison? That's what it looks like it does. There was one time when I was having sleep paralysis. It was only happened once at the hundreds of times it was. It was probably the most terrified I've ever been in my life. I was like okay here. I am because when it happens, I'm like okay, just be calm, just wait, be patient right. That's what I'm telling myself and out of the infinite white void came like a [ __ ] demon face and it like flew up in my face and was like growling, and I was- and it never happened before it never happened since, but I was [ __ ], my heart was pounding dude and I was so scared. I was [ __ ]. That was horrifying. I know it's hard to translate that into a shareable experience, but yeah yeah. It's awful um: what's your ghost story? It's not even meister. It's my dad's story. Okay, this is good. This is good yeah, so I always got something to share yeah. Let's go. I don't know. I see when I ever think of ghost stories. I'm like there's got to be some kind of logical scientific explanation to it and I'll tell you what my scientific explanation. What I think could have been it, but it doesn't seem to hold much weight because it sounds kind of stupid, but also it's my daddy. He could be [ __, ] um. He told me this story like a bunch of times and the picture in the store. He actually showed me like a few years ago and it's a scary, [ __ ] picture anyways, my grandma, when my dad was younger, probably like in his teenagers or pre-teens whatever age he was um. My grandma got a brand new photo of a saint. I forgot what saint it was, but it was like the patron saint of children looking photo from like the six. This is the patron saint of children. Yeah there's like some course of sports saved children, probably [ __, ] kids like yeah for sure, so my grandma put it on her wall and, like it's like say, this is a wall. This is my dad's bed and that's like my was my grandparent's bed. So it's on the wall and my dad had was left alone the entire day into the next day, because grandparents went away and he was left to the house for over over a whole day. What was his age at the time he had to be in his teens or pre-teens? Okay, it was young, he was young, it not like too young, but he was like old enough to be old enough to yeah experience, something like that yeah. So what happened? Was he woke up in the middle of the night? Oh, they didn't wake up the middle night before he went to bed. He cooked something and he went back to sleep and as he's going to sleep well, I think he said he fell asleep and then he woke up to like on the wall behind him, and he goes in to my his parents room. I'm staying in bed at that point and he sees that the pitch has moved so he readjusts the picture, fixes it. It stops rattling. He goes back to bed falls asleep. Here's it again. Are you making this [ __ ] up grab your leg for the table. He goes. He fixes it again and he's like now that I'm up, let me just go into the kitchen, whatever he was making something to eat or we want to get his little snack. He went up. He was totally fine. He wasn't like spooked straight. I don't I don't know I would have shouldn't be back. Then man yeah, because he's like. Oh the ghost is back. You know what it is. I mean you wake up twice to rearrange a picture. To start right, ghost sounds and then he goes to the kitchen finds out. He left the the gas on on the stove, so he fixes it. Whenever he's like, oh [, __ ], he fixes it goes back to bed and it stopped patron saint of the children so like that could have saved his life, like the house could have blown up one little spark and just blew up the whole house, jimmy seville, the savior and then he [, __ ] him always went to bed afterwards yeah. Then he had a wet dream. Then, like special yeah I'll take it, you want to tell them about our what happened to us this week. Um this week you had a ghost encounter so and since we've been having the spooks and goof segment, I've been like kind of heightened awareness on this [ __ ]. So we watch so he has the picture. We took a pic, so I'm lying in bed, it's probably about 12 o'clock and I'm like elo. Why is our wall bleeding, like I say it jokingly and then so ela's like yeah? I just noticed it today as well and we're like wait that clearly wasn't there, because it's next to our alarm and I'm there every night to set it. It clearly wasn't there. It's like in the background, is there anything? No, we don't. We don't eat there. We don't do anything there. It's the wall. Next to the tv like there's, no way indoor in our bedroom in a corner that we don't frequent. I only go there to set the alarm and I leave why the [ __ ] we've, never noticed it before whether it be a run, a red drip like a good, hefty drip, a red run. Huh. You should have scraped it off and tasted it. I smelled it and then so I said, don't even touch it. I touched it and it was like. Don't do it. I was like what am I getting ghost aids? Sorry, you get aids, that's how you get aids anyway, and then I took my dick out. I rubbed it on it, a little closer so like what the hell I was. I was genuinely spooked, probably it's darker and like the picture, it looks lighter, but it was darker and really good. It looked like dried blood yeah and, like I think, for the first time my life I was like this is [ __, ] creepy. I would move out right away so then I'm on account of that. So we me and eli sat together and we're like. Okay, we don't believe in ghosts. There has to be a [ __ ] explanation for this, but we were actually like scared. Yeah. There was 10 minutes and I was like I can't handle this [ __ ], so we're thinking about it we're sitting there and then I I look closely at a little closer at this blood state and I'm like well, it's kind of more brown than red yeah like I feel like. If it was dried blood, it would be more a kind of darker rustier color right yeah, so it kind of looks like too brown to be blood. It's poop yeah and then I realized. Oh, this is where it is, and then I realized there was a giant moth like a really really big moth. That was stuck in our bedroom like a couple nights, the night before, like one of the biggest moms I've ever seen, and it was on that wall that side of the bedroom, so it's moth poop. I think that what it is. That's actually just a giant [ __ ], but if he just exploded, no, he was there. We spotted him afterwards, not at the same moment. It was the day yeah. I think it's just a giant moth poop immortalized forever on the internet. That's something that's kind of interesting! I mean I I'm that makes sense yeah. It makes sense the fact that it's weight carried it down that far but like that was like a hefty drop, and you touched it by the way I touched it yeah. Well, I was like trying to see what what the consistency was, because I was spooked man. I wanted to get to the bottom of this [ __ ]. So it was just a giant moment. Logic and reason prevailed. Yeah and you discovered this. We figured it out. We did, but that was the longest. I've gone like like 10 minutes of like what the [ __ ] seriously. Oh man, that was that was straight up. Spook spooksville um. What else? What else? That's it? That's it! So we're done! No, I mean that's it with the stories. Joey. Are you still running for mirror? I was gonna, but then I faked an experiment got exposed, wait. What were you planning to do? I was planning on doing either web series or or we were pitching it for a tv show and then, when all that [ __ ] went down, I was like forget it. I was like what the fake prank [ __ ] yeah. So I was like you know what forget it too much [ __ ] going on. I go I'll hold it off until whenever, until all this dies down until it all dies, I mean in four years it's no one's. Probably gonna talk about it anymore. What the the mayor thing, four years, since what all the, although all my meme controversy of last year, everything that I did you said four years: oh yeah, that's when the next election would be okay, because this is this election, so like in four years. If I try to do it, then I'm gonna vote I'll cut, I'm one joey cell to be married. Maybe yeah, right, you're, gonna, like round up all the members of what city yeah so he's gonna. Like start a straight up concentration camp he's like yep I'll, do that [Laughter]. I am curious, though, because that fake trump car in the black neighborhood experiment was kind of one of the biggest like exposes in history. I think so what sucks is yeah, I'm sorry I was going to say I was just going to ask you generally. What has the fallout been from that it was bad at first massive amount of hate, um from left and right side, of course, but the left side, because the right people ate it up. They were [ __ ] super hooked. In from that, they must have felt really betrayed yeah, but I've actually gained back a lot of trust from people on the right since then uh by just doing the videos for real. Do you think that it's right of them that they're do you think they should trust you? No they should they shouldn't trust me. I've said it on uh tim poole's, uh pot. It was in pal case it's like an interview because he's like a journalist reporter and sometimes we do stuff on similar stuff. I even said it to him. I'm like no people shouldn't trust me, but at the same time they shouldn't trust anybody or anything or take anything at face value to just always question everything and all the time like whenever they're presented with stuff like that um, but I mean, like I made like an oath to myself and to my now political viewers. You know moving forward anything political is going to be 100 real. Is that your focus now is politically charged content. No, it was at once mostly abductions, whatever I feel would go viral at the time. I'll do um, but it was like when the election was hot. That's when it was mostly political stuff. Well that video you made was [ __ ] huge with all the black, the black boys, beating up that trumpy car yeah. That was, you have a new thing going on right, the joey and tanisha yeah. So I'm also trying to there's less controversy in just doing dumb, pranks and also we fake. Of course, the viewers could easily decide that and like another one where you destroyed your makeup and I was like come on yeah I mean I watch facebook videos, especially facebook pranks, especially relationship pranks. I'm like this shit's funny. I could do better yeah. I could do it better. It's awesome yeah! Is that your real girlfriend yeah? Why would I fake a girlfriend? I was well josh. What are you asking? I thought it's probably fake. The relationship, yeah they're relationships, really yeah wow, that's messed up. We found the line we actually just uploaded a skit today we're going to move towards guests and it's actually doing pretty well um, so yeah we're gonna, try to move to do like more skits, there's less conscious, very seeing that because the worst you get is a stupid and fake like. If I do a political thing, that's stupid and fake it's and then a lot more brutal, well yeah, and it is yeah if you fake a political thing. Yeah, it's manipulated yeah, but the problem is my page for, like those couple of days got massive amount of hate lost massive amount of subscribers lost support on both sides, but then adam saleh. I hate the point: the finger and fouseytube they've done stuff that you can even consider as equally as bad, but because they're, not white. Here we go, they get kind of a pass. Is that like bringing it back bigotry of low expectations? It's like they don't get it passed? Okay, I don't even think they get that, but their fans gave them hold on hold on hold on hold on. Let's back it up, everybody hates those guys everybody does, but their fans love them. That's because you need to run a cult. That's true! You! Don't you don't call on islamism? No, you don't have fans like you're, not you don't have a cult of personality like fouseytube. Is this all this whole smile more? What up you know like they have they have this, this cult of personality that you don't have. I have people hate those guys, don't think that there's a double standard yeah, but also at the same time I don't even think they got. I wouldn't let's look at this um adam saleh, two examples real quick. He faked the [ __ ]. He faked well, yeah that the airplane was the most recent one, but he faked um him getting arrested by white cops because he was muslim. That is pretty bad yeah! No, I agree. That's really bad really bad like and then he he faked that whole delta airlines stuff, which was just total [ __ ]. That was worse than the first one, and that got a crazy amount of publicity and press, but annie got [ __ ]. Did we make a video about that being fake? I think everyone did so whenever everyone yeah everyone was talking about it, so we just, but maybe because it the hate that happened to me. It seemed a little bit worse, but I feel like I even got it probably worse than he did, because his stuff was still being defended like the ideology and the point that he was the same thing to the trump car yeah, but you're like well. That would happen yeah, but I didn't have one person. That's that still supported you didn't do that there were. There were people, there's, probably very few minority, but I don't think I think it's a false equivalent to be like well they're, I'm white, so I got it like. No one even talks about his instance anymore, but nobody cares about them anyway. That guy is nobody. Nobody cares. You don't know how much [ __ ] foods youtube. Yeah fouseytube yeah dude, but his like ratio is still well actually his like ratio went down, I'm actually surprised by his like ratio, I'll be honest with you, but he has that quality personality. But everybody like everyone on youtube, does not like food too yeah. I don't think, but what has he done on par with? I believe they take advantage of their muslim audience. I don't know if they take advantage of it, but they have a lot of they have. I think they take advantage of them because I know they're they like to preach this whole, I'm a super islam whatever and they uh. You know fouseytube removed his tattoos once because he's like this is when I was in a bad state of mind- and you know I went against you know my my my religion, so I'm getting removed to show good now he's got like a half a sleeve, I think or also leave. He just went again same thing with like adam saleh. He preaches no drinking none of this. None of that living, a good, healthy muslim life, but then pictures come out that show otherwise of him. I think that's just their shitty character. Yeah. I don't think it's the fact that I mean the fact that they're muslim, maybe they're using it but they're, also they'll use anything yeah they're, that's just what's available, they're pretending to be inspirational and they use that yeah. Oh, that's so true, yeah they're using that to pull in those following, and it's just not genuine. It's just all lies like I come on here. I tell you guys. This is fake, that's fake! I'm fear-mongering like what is fouseytube done, that's as bad as faking a trump street fighter bonus level. I remember keemstar did a video on him. I forgot what he was talking about, but I remember at the time I was like this is pretty bad, probably not as bad. I was like this is pretty bad. I forgot. I forgot what it was to be honest with you yeah. I don't know. I remember he did some bad stuff, but he didn't really. He like exposed himself like a year after the videos came out and that was like before the exposing stuff was hardcore. Now it's like you expose a prank and it's like because of [ __ ] yeah. Nobody cares. We are. We know already well the prank that how how's the youtube adpocalypse you, the prank, the whole prank genre- is kind of dead, like people think that we stopped doing reactions because we're being sued, but it's actually just because there's like not there's not a lot of good content out there. All this like really cancerous shitty horrible content, is not making money on youtube anymore, so people aren't making it mm-hmm like look at the bradbury boys now they're doing sunset park for christmas. Yeah prank stuff is like on the low scale of monetization as well. I'm sure it's it's low length, yeah and usually really bad just gives it worse. Cpm yeah generally, it's usually like. I said I get to yeah yeah. What are you gonna? Do I gotta get facebook monetization, I gotta start doing live yeah. Hopefully it comes in full strength. Soon me and eli. We should start doing couples pranks. You should no I'm gonna practice a parody of it. I'm gonna break all your makeup in the sink ela yeah, I'm gonna punch you in the stomach when you're pregnant, I'm good break your nintendo switch yeah, so I'm gonna say she's gonna hit you with the uh positive pregnancy test. Oh classic I'd be happy. That would be like a twist that'd, be really sad because I'd be happy and then she'd be like psych, yeah and then I'd be like damn that's horrible. I was gonna prank, my grandma with that and tell her because she's a hardcore uh christian, so we were gonna tell her that uh we were gonna, get an abortion and she probably would have started crying, but I was gonna give her a photo of uh because of the ultrasound. No, no, no, a different prank. I was gonna, give her a photo of you know: obi-wan kenobi from the first three star wars, movies yeah. I was going to give her a photo of him and say here's a picture of jesus. I got you because if you look up a photo just because you're like this is how not into christianity- I am well no like, as in like how clueless she is wouldn't movies with the young generation and like oh she'd, actually think that it was jesus yeah. She would think it's jesus yeah. Did you try it? I didn't try it. I had the photo printed out and I'm like you couldn't force yourself. I couldn't do it. Actually. I wanted to do it. Well, let's find out. No don't don't post it. Let's just do a social experiment. Maybe you can come on again and report yeah on your finding yeah, she'll, yeah she'll, know, she'll, think it's jesus like viewers right now look up photos of obi-wan, kenobi and then jesus next to it. I mean you'll, see like side-by-side. Comparisons. Did jesus walk around in a like a brown robe, I don't know, but you can ask moses. Jesus was obviously a very beautiful guy you're, a white european. That's how he's represented yeah see this meme right here. Jesus was like a black guy. Well, if he was born in that part of the world more than exactly it's like a [ __ ], but in any culture where christianity is prevalent, he takes on features and characteristics of the population. Oh I thought you were talking about the original one yeah that looks like jesus yeah. That definitely looks like jesus. Oh well, that's not even like that's, not even surprising yeah. Just like it looks like a jesus shot. Yeah like and type wait go back. What was that dumb, ass meme like and type amen? If you love jesus and lightsaber battles, oh god, it's so stupid. What is this one? With all the writing mom, that's not a picture of jesus. One man died for all. Who is this man, you mcgregor as obi-wan? How does his death help us becomes a voice in your head, reminding you to use the force? Why is it important that we remember him death stars ain't going to blow themselves up? That really does look like obi-wan god. Damn that's wonderful, yeah, all right how we doing listen, let's wrap it up. I think it's been about two hours cool, all right anything else. You guys want to talk about um. You want anything um. What do you got? I guess I got one thing, but I don't know if it's could it probably be a short one? Let's go whatever you got, wait on us. I don't know it's not. I don't know if it's that interesting, but it's it's referring to money and getting around youtube and stuff like that. So I hit you up and I think, did you ever come out with a game phone game. It's something that's being developed, we're like thinking about it! Yeah there's some people, there's there's a company that we really like that we're talking with you they're, not developing anything yet didn't start anything yet we're planning it. Oh nice, nice! So yes um today the company that I pretty much co-founded. We just came out with a new game today and to get around basically because I I don't trust, youtube and facebook and any any social media ad revenues or anything like that. I don't trust it. They can come crashing down like twitter screwed me over at one point, but I was and new people was able to get it undone like they weren't going to pay me at one point: facebook can go down and you imagine mike from twitter yeah, it's pretty good, there's cpm some months will be like 10., because we got twitter monetization and we tried it on a couple of videos. It was like [, __ ]. Nothing. Some months are like actually nothing and others could be like 10 20 bucks, like I had like december, was like almost 20 bucks like 18 bucks, some days what the [ __ ] yeah. I was like what this is insane: oh, my god, so that's it! None of it's reliable yeah, like you, can't trust anything like you see what happened with youtube. Like you probably knew that was gonna happen. I knew something like that. Honestly, it was even beyond what I thought was possible. I thought I actually predicted it. I did a podcast way long ago and I predicted I'm like if trump wins, I feel like people on the left that just run everything are going to have like an all-right attack on like advertiser spending. That's not what happened. That may not be what happened. I believe that that is partially what happened due to the controversy I've seen. There's like this huge controversy among like right-wing newscasters on youtube. They act like they're. The only ones hit right. It's not the [ __ ] case this guy uh. What's the name of that left-wing news show that guy was making zero. He was making nothing and he was super pac-man show he does like left-wing news. He made zero, it's not uh yeah! No, I think it definitely affected people on both sides. Equally, I think it disproportionately affected people on the right. The young, I think, we're. I think, what you're having uh the young turks are having a fallacy. Exactly the young. Turks is the exception, because they're friends with people from youtube, but also look at not because of their political look at buzzfeed, attn, all the it's, because they have connections to youtube yeah. That is mainly, but can you picture a right-wing company of that scale on youtube that has monetization like that? What about the closest information? They've lost monetization? Probably on most, I know they talk about, although to be honest, infowars also talks about [, __ ], you know their conspiracies to make frogs gay yeah. They yeah, I wouldn't even consider them a right-wing source. Just like conspiracy, [ __, ] posts, crazy, stuff, yeah like pretty much. You always see the alex yeah you see alex jones on joe rogan, oh man, I saw clifford best podcast. I ever watched like three and a half. He got it the whole thing you know he got weird like when he started talking about dimensional [, __ ] seems like a great podcast guest. You should get them on get him on. I would tell him hit him up. Tell him be like hey. I have a young audience, they're very impressionable. Their minds are like sponges, he'll come in and he'll just lay some likes. I'd love you just don't even have to talk. You just be like go yeah just alex jones would be amazing if anyone knows alex jones get him on. This show yeah start tweeting at alex jones. I'd love to have him yeah there you go, I'm not sure. I don't even know how to confront something right. You gotta! Let me know if he comes I'm coming through all right. I gotta come through, it's gonna be a whole yeah you'll have an audience, it's gonna be the one anyway. What was the point of your? Where were you getting um? Are you making a game? Is that what it was? Oh yeah, it came out. It's called dashy box. Everyone go download it day. She box, dashie, dashy box, dashy like dashing around, got it yeah, but yeah. If you don't want me to make videos anymore, they're too cringy for you. If this app does well, I won't need to make videos. So there you go. I gotta support. You got this entrepreneurial spirit. All you pranksters are out like not all of them, but you and like their bradberrys and colby person. You guys all have this like entrepreneur, spirit, you're, all like out there hustling finding ways to make money that I never even thought of, because I mean, if you, if you think about it, stemmed from majority being fake. That's that that's how it started. You guys were opportunists yeah. It's like we don't really like. I have blast doing the ones that are real. I have a lot of fun doing those, but at the same time we're like we see something where we can make money. You know how we could finagle some stuff. You see it as a business first, yes, it's like for us. It's like make an interesting video. First, you know I mean it's, it's just it's a different approach, but I see what you mean. You guys are like hustlers yeah. We come out with the video game as hustlers yeah I mean, but I have always made videos since since the dawn of youtube, but I made skits right: skits aren't doing [ __ ] in those kids. So then I'm like, I discovered more pranking stuff and I'm like this stuff, just killing it. I think. That's generally, I'm not I'm not talking about you, but generally. I think that pranksters are low character. I can see that okay, well, I mean you've done some little character. Things just be honest. I'm not gonna give you a full write-off. Well like unscrupulous right, because it's like very opportunistic, very like you don't do this thing, and this is what I I do find endearing about. You, like the fouseytube, the roman atwood thing where they're like smile more guys, be happy. I'm here I'm here because we're all [ __ ] love life, and I just think that we're all just the best, like this whole fake ass, like turn off the camera and shout your girlfriend yeah right like ah it's so fake dude, so you definitely didn't take it as far as some of those guys- and I don't believe for a second that any of that [ __ ] is genuine. No, I don't. I don't believe it either. It's all [ __ ] um. Before we end it. I think people really want you to talk about the pain the mouth incident, the early days yeah they weren't talking about the peeing in the mountains in it yeah. They really don't know the full story of the incident yeah. I thought everyone knew it, but I guess maybe not because people still post it on my facebook page they'll post it in the comments, like your grandma's seen that one, I hope not well. That's [, __, ] awesome because you're you're pushing this content with 120 million views and the top comment every time it's got to be you pissing in your mouth. Not every time but like sometimes I'll scroll through and I'll see it would it be like [ __ ] great. Do you delete it? You blog my banned list on facebook is incredible. I'm sure um, I'm like I'm, not bringing this hate here, I'm keeping I'm keeping it out. Oh yeah yeah! So for those who are not initiated joey famously there was a clip that surfaced of joey pissing in his mouth and then a bunch of his friends like they were all having a giggle. Having a laugh when it first came out, the story was so misconstrued. Keemstar [, __ ] up every single news story. I think it was him at first saying he was saying, like a cell phone footage emerged of me, pissing in my mouth, no context added, no reasoning. Why took it at face value? But after you look into the story, we were filming a really shitty low budget, jackass movie that we thought was going to do good well, tv thought was in. Do good starts no, no nfg! I remember there was some really fun good stuff in there that I enjoyed doing. I had a blast doing it, but it was end of the day. It wasn't that good um I peed in my mouth, and I didn't swallow it. I spit it out. You gargled, I remember gargled it yeah. It's been on my friend. It seemed like you're having a lot of fun doing it. It was fun. It was nice. How was the experience? It was extremely salty yeah it was, it was, were you well hiding? There was more water yeah, a room of my friends, old dudes, just watching me pee in my mouth it seemed like a good time. Everyone was laughing having a good time. Yeah did you who cleaned up the urine on the floor. You left it. Where were you uh? It was in our apartment, complex in the office room. It was inside you peed on the floor yeah and you left it on a rug, so it soaked in nice. People were you the only one to pee in their mouth, ladies and gentlemen, but a lot of people are like you're, crazy, you're. Stupid like this is disgusting. It's like word in the context of us making a dumb jackass parody, [, __, ] stevo drank drank horse semen like what's worse, stringing, your own piss and spitting it out or drinking horse semen. So what about? I think, the context matters it's in the context of a shitty. Well, ours were shitty, there's a wannabe jackass movie and it's like they do. Disgusting bear grylls drinks, his own urine now like, where all the other videos part of the same thing. There were like videos of you, the dick in the bun. No, that that's a whole nother story: oh yeah, okay, like okay and then let's get in, we should have gotten this stuff earlier and then around that same time, joey there was picture servicing of joey having a great time having a laugh lots of smiles, putting his dick semi-erect dick into a hot dog bun, and apparently that was a really starting it up, yeah putting mustard on it. Tell me about that, so that was around probably like the same week. At the same time, yeah we were just [ __ ] around literally on snapchat. We were gaining all these followers and then this is people think that I made a tumblr page of just naked pictures of me and naked pictures of other guys, and it was my dick on the cover with sprinkles on it. No, I we put a couple [ __ ], with sprinkles. No no sprinkles touched my dick, maybe once in a weird sexual encounter, that's just inappropriate, but no, it goes. It looks like an ice cream. It's weird! So a lot of people thought a lot of stuff were my weird stuff that weren't my weird stuff, just because it was mixed in with my actual weird stuff right right, right right, but you had actual words. I had actual weird stuff that rivaled that other weird stuff, but not all the weird stuff, was my weird stuff yeah. So what happened? Why were you putting your dick in the in the bun? I was getting it so many folks, also like you had one friend there who was always with you and he seemed to be enjoying it like more than a straight man. There's anything wrong with that when you're a bunch of bros living together, you get very comfortable with sexuality, like we all see each other naked like we all seeing each other like after one banged a girl, we walk out butt naked. You know you ever see your friends. They can be like nice doug. No, we never do that. We comment on each other's dick, but I won't be like that's nice, dick really, that's scary! That's! Okay! There's nothing wrong with being gay. I have tons of gay followers, but that's good. Have you ever commented on your friend's dick, been like dude well like sometimes like, I'm not going to say which friend but like he'll, have like a rash and he'll be like yo? What do you think about this and I'm like nice, dick it's rash, jerking off too much man? Wait! Your friend got jerk off burn um. What did he have? He should probably see a doctor about it. No, like I have one friend that gets multiple problems with his dick with like rashes and stuff, and I don't know if I could handle him like coming up to me and flipping his dick. What do you think about this? I guess it's that jersey, something that evolves over time. It doesn't just happen. You had to be like really close, but that was like stuff. It wasn't on my snapchat, I was on my friends, so you were sharing these dicks in the buns on snapchat and you were blowing up as a result, yeah yep. How about that? That was about it and then and then like. Why didn't you follow that thread like what happened with that? I realized this is bad. Like I shouldn't be doing this. This could hurt your chances as mayor yeah. This is gonna get brought up in four years. Yeah, I'm gonna put it on the thing behind me and I'll just have to run with it and be like I'm pro gay for the course, though, how many other politicians are sending pictures of their genitals, anthony, weiner yeah, not even just in the freaking in the undies man, I don't know if he ever exposes, maybe well anyway, it's got to be you. Sometimes that means putting your dick in a bun. You gotta be you, but I love that you peed in the office and kept it there. That's a nice detail. Do you feel bad about that at all? No, it's looking back now, nice. How would I have cleaned it and it'd be weird cleaning up your own urine yeah, fair enough leave it well. What are you doing way more normal for someone else to clean it? I leave it on the seat. You sit down on it number two I'll wipe. I only wipe the seat if, like I'm in someone else's house, that's nice! What about your girlfriend? If you pee on your seat and she goes to use the restroom you're not going to clean it up for her? Well, she's watching now that's the gentlemanly thing to do. She's seen it text me. Have you seen my piss on the seat? Tanisha, I don't know. I think she probably has it's all gonna break. Sometimes I miss it hits the floor. She saw that video and she got pissed. Oh yeah, the one, the one that the interview yeah. You mentioned that how? What was that I met, we were talking and you you were kept. You were asking me to remove that video right. The interview, I don't think I actually remember. I think I asked you to take joey's house out of the title: okay yeah, because your girlfriend had seen it. She was pissed yeah and I wanted to do a follow-up video on it. Talking about it. What part was she pissed off all like everything in general, just that it happened because she didn't know about it, the the event occurring because she discovered it through your video got it cut it. So she didn't know what you were doing. Um like it's like you know when you like first meet. Somebody like I don't know much. You know she just said. Sometimes she finds piss on the seat, um, it's it's cool and it's cool. For now. Once today, joey just watch our videos just yeah. She was like she was like drop dead like in love with me. This is a perfect guy, so perfect, and then she discovered typed, my name in on youtube and it was like who the [ __ ]. Am I dating yeah once she got to know me, she was like she's cool with it. Now, though, she's cool with it now she's cool, I mean things changed in like the last year, not not doing that. You're a new man, a whole new guy people grow people get older and learn from their mistakes. They move on. Do you regret it or do you were like? I was chasing that that cheddar I mean at the time it seemed like a good idea, but obviously you look back and you're like. I shouldn't have done that, but at the same time you're like. If that didn't happen, I would have just kept doing it. So it probably is better off that it did happen. Then you know it's a good way to look at it yeah. I don't ever look back in life and say I should go back and fix that or change. I don't look at life like that. I look at life. It's just moving forward right because one you can't go back and do anything too. I don't ever fully regret anything. I did because I always believe in everything is like happens for a reason or eventually you can turn anything into like a good outcome. So yeah, that's a really inspiring joke. Yeah. You should start an inspirational channel. You should you should you need to do it you're going to see me as an ad. You see this right here. Dude. Do you need to mobilize the joey saladers, salad, boys? You need to start like a thing to rival fouseytube like the salad boys. What would you call joey salads click. What what would you call? Joey? Salads click, the saladinos, the salad boys does. It have to have salad in the cubs, the cobs cops caesars man, the caesars, the little caesars, the little caesars salad heads classic salad. Well, thanks for coming and joining us, I genuinely have a fondness in my heart for you, because you've always been real and you've and you're always someone who's been like. I recognize I did this and it's dumb and it's bad. What you've said here today and like and you're fully justified and making fun of it yeah, which is so rare amongst pranksters, and I and I appreciate that and like I don't know, I I appreciate your realness. I really do. Thank you. It's endearing, even though you're a salad head, I'm yeah I'll always be a salad, but that's just things I gotta. Do I gotta do something dumb to me myself out the thing is you created the meme? You just took something I did and you made it into a meme like the boob coming out thing. No one said anything about until you said something about it like poop, coming out: oh man, no, I'm just I I think you're. I, like you, doug thanks, dude, appreciate you sean, oh thanks for having me that was fun. It was cool hanging out yeah. Oh shout out to my boy gert real quick. Maybe you're still watching, I don't know like yogurt like yogurt dirty boy boy. Do you use anything you want to plug the game? Um make a billion dollars. Where can we find yours? Well, if you guys want to watch me, play video games poorly uh, maybe just stop by and chat. You can go to my twitch channel sean stinks, love it yeah. If you're into music, you can check out my etsy shop, making some cool instruments too, and are you still doing vlogs on youtube yeah? We do vlogs from time to time, but twitch is the focus for now. Twitch sean stinks check it out yeah. Sometimes I pop in for a little damage. Yeah, that's good, heal it she's, like I'm just kidding. We got a lot uh anyway, guys thanks for watching, appreciate you so much and um it's getting real hot in here, since we turned off days, did we do that? It was just me really bad all right, so guys we'll see you next week. Thanks for watching, we appreciate you. We love you tata! Well,.
