You in five four three two one welcome everybody to the world-famous h3 podcast, so nice to be back here with y'all hope you had a terrific week. Today's episode is sponsored by clip candid and stitch fix now, fans of the podcast know. They saw a new video that we announced the gender and name of our baby and I got to do my gender prank on everybody. Friends of the podcast were not surprised, they were not surprised, but they also the idea. I was expecting. All the comments to be like was waiting for this from the podcast, but I had a few. You did okay, I think I, guess good everyone when they saw that video they're like I, know exactly what the goof is here. So we did it. I did my little prank I did the clear balloons instead of white I thought that was more slick, because really you shouldn't assign gender ela. Do you think that it's child abuse to not assign them a gender at birth, sort of as if you're like, if you just like, dress them in white you're, like you, she's like? Why do I have a? Why am I different from all the kids I have a penis and and you're like? Oh, no just ignore that you know yet you don't know that. Don't say that. How do you currently some people do that? It's probably very few people, though yeah that's pretty extreme, not very representative yeah, that's pretty extreme! So here's a boy I'm, sorry to say to those of you that think that's wrong with me to say: Theodore Yohanan Klein little teddy! You know it's funny. There was a post on the server that somebody predicted it yeah like a hundred days ago, they're like Theodore, that's Katie, I, don't I was wondering if we mentioned it at some point on the podcast, but I, don't think so. I, don't think so cuz someone would have pointed that out and then that post or his guest was just when you guys announced it. Yeah I mean if you mentioned it at one point. You definitely didn't mention it. When you initially announced hmmm made me feel not. You know special yeah that predicts well. It was just one person, so the guy's a genius. What can you do here? Walk home we did have this name for, like I, don't know! Maybe three years already like we just kept saying. If, if we have a boy, that name is perfect yeah, although I started to get cold feet about the name, because we're watching the Ted Bundy files and when these tapes yeah the Ted Bundy that's a creep, but then I was like man. I know a lot of weirdos named Ted, yeah and I, don't necessarily Cruz exactly Ted Cruz I mean the guy walks around with like white schmutz. From this he had like a y'all. Remember the Ted Cruz yeah, yes in ski to Ted, Kaczynski, that's what I was saying. That's a Unabomber I knew that the Unabomber Dan yeah yeah yeah, so a think I got the K last yeah. So there's a lot of weird heads and I started feeling like I. Don't know that I want my child to be a Ted, because I want him to be a Theodore and I want him to be a Teddy. But you know when he gets older, he's just gonna go by Ted and Ted means serial killers exactly so he may be the Unabomber our child, but until then good Teddy Roosevelt, that's the one. We started right he's named after Teddy. Roosevelt Oh got it yeah, but he was probably just did you know it always works out where you spite your well, you can't overthink it right. It's like yeah. Well, the thing is even if he grows up to be a serial killer or like a domestic terrorist he'll be cute. So, like till he's like ten, because once they're ten look, you don't have control over their destiny. So much so it's like oh he's so cute and then when he turns like 18 or 22 or whatever and we'll be like what happened to Teddy. He goes by Ted now and he blew up what about Teddy from westward. That was a cool character named Teddy yeah. That was a cool, the cowboy right or not only Anson Edgerton, that's true I, like Ted Danson, that he will not go by Ted I forbid it I'm already turning into a stern dad. No Ted in this house, yeah yeah, oh my friends, are cool at school. Call me Ted what I forbid you to be called Ted yeah well anyway, I'm very excited about that. Ela is looking so friggin pregnant. You guys, wouldn't really, because she is crazy. I forget she's pregnant because she wears such loose clothes, but you can't even tell like just stand up. It's like oh she's, just she's into hockey looks like a hockey jersey. Are you gonna? Pull it up? I! Don't know why on camera, you can't tell because well I gained 20 pounds if you most women during their whole pregnancy gained 20 pounds, ILA's, stacked right now, I sigh when I see her naked recently because she her clothes, drapes, oh well, she hides it. It's incredible! I'm, just like whoa! It's crazy I have the same reaction through myself. I get scared of an instable showing your stomach or no I'm, not gonna press. You I, just don't know, I mean I. Pretty much showed it just put a shirt on yeah, but ok, don't show it I'm not I. Have enough pressure in you yeah, so I've showed it all over Instagram. Alright, that's true! I'm. Following the doctor's instructions they said, I should gain one pound a week. You know you started underway yeah, so I think you have more irritation to gain weight than most people, but I've been feeding her I've been. But what happens after the birth you stay beautiful and healthy. You are underweight yeah. You look good I'm happy, like I finally, I'm enjoying foot weight for the longest time. I I had no appetite yeah. That was a weird one yeah but I'm having fun. Have you read one single comment for any of these pregnancy videos or any video we've made in the past three months? Ela is radiant, yet she is glowing. She is beautiful. Who was this ogre next to you're? Basically, you read, ethan is glowing, and oh I'm going when is ethan. Do clean, yeah comments, like literally uh, basically that message saying exactly that right now. Basically, you are my Fiona - and I'm your Shrek -, your Fiona, essentially I, don't know whose Puss in Boots shredder better put some boots. Can you believe, there's a character in a Disney Pixar movie called Puss in Boots? Imagine that and also he was like a seductress -. He was like Don Don Juan and his name was Puss in Boots I'm telling you he [ __ ] like crazy that cat. So we got a ton of stuff, my goodness there's so much yeah to cover because we were gone for a month and then we came back and we had Vsauce and there's just so many incredible stories. We haven't had the opportunity to talk about the Gillette ad, that everyone was pissed off about Kevin, Hart being outed from hosting the Oscars because of some old tweets. We've got Sandra Bullock's, Kevin, Spacey, Kevin, yeah, Kevin, Spacey, of course, who who released? What must be the most bizarre video ever aired in the hew totality of human history yeah. It's just I mean where else and then we've got Sandra Bullock on Ellen talking about her beauty product that they inject and I am not kidding. You I have video evidence that I'll present to you. They inject baby foreskin into their face to keep their skin healthy and glowing. This is what rich people do with their money. They literally baby foreskin. It's incredible! I got all that, and so so so much more dog the bounty. This dough I want to explain this okay. So this is a Teddy fresher. He just came out today, and this is an interesting story. This isn't really a promotion as much as it is I want to show you guys so we're starting this limited-edition we're illud. That makes hand-drawn art and we printed like high, really high quality print on shirts, and we make a super small amount of them and once it's sold, it's done mm-hmm. So on this first collaboration, look who we got to model the shirt dawg, the freaking bounty hunter modeling, the dog, the bounty hunter shirt. It all started, I just made that drawing just for that fun I. Wasn't it wasn't even gonna, be a t-shirt. I was just making a drawing at the time and I always found his look. I got crazy and interesting, so I wanted to draw him for a while, and then we were like. Oh, we should put that on a shirt mm-hmm and then they contacted us yeah, and that was awesome. Well, we were trying to get ahold of dog through, like our agency and whatever my mom, my mom. She always does this. She goes oh. This was one of her classic moves growing up. Oh one of my clients is: does this and then the information she revised is like so from another planet wrong like she goes what her famous one was uh. She goes. Japanese people are taller than Chinese people because they get more Sun and they grew up were like what they grow like plants like the more Sun, the taller they get and she's like she's like yeah. That's what my client told me my mom cut hair, so it was just a running gag enough. She said one of my friends. Does his licensing or something like that lion probably tried to you, know them and they're like we have. Never, we don't know it. She's, like yeah I work with dog I work with dog I'll, put you in touch and then we contacted her like we. We have never worked with dog, don't email us that wasn't right, like our production manager wrote up this really professional email we kept following up with them. Cuz we're like. We really want duck. We sent them in five follow-up emails and finally, like we, we leave us alone. Well. Why do you think this? It's so funny, but once we posted the picture, then his daughter reached out to us and then a beautiful magical thing happened. His daughter actually happened to be a fan which is so amazing, yeah shut up to Bonnie yeah. So what a thrill, what a joy I loved it? It was great working with them, and it's just so freakin cool, I love. This photo I mean I, want to frame this and put this up. We have to just so cool there's a vapenation one too. He did do. We have that one Dan uh I, don't have it on standby, but I can grab it real, quick, it's worth seeing! Well, oh yeah. I wanted to talk about the Super Bowl two before we got into it. What's the deal with the Super Bowl, it's the most-watched televised event in the United States more than football. It is football or more than baseball. Yes, it's one yeah, it's bigger yeah! Dad! Do you guys have stats on the how many people watch the Super Bowl? First, how many people watch the World Series I? Don't yeah I'll, pull it up yeah and we watched a game of football. Really it blows the World Series away, though interest way bigger, so much for the American pastime yeah, the football well, the Super Bowl became the strange phenomenon where even people that don't care about football ended up watching it for the commercials. Imagine that because it's where I've seen commercials from the Super Bowl right in 2018, a hundred and five million people watch this. That's a third of the country, yeah! That's in three nuts one also people who have Super Bowl parties, so you're, probably looking at two-thirds of the country. That's, but somehow these marketing geniuses figure this out where these companies spend I think this year, I read. It was like five million dollars for one spot during the Super Bowl and they they like make the craziest commercial they possibly can, and so it turns into this whole spectacle of of commercials, and so everybody's, like oh I, just want to watch the commercials and there's even like YouTube compilations of Super Bowl commercials and everybody's watching these commercials, I, remember I, think in school they showed us some of the commercials from the Super Bowl what to learn from them yeah because they were like good. You know, design or good whatever stuff, like that dances, five million dollars for a 30-second ad spot, Wow I remember when I was a kid was 1 million, and that was like insane five million yeah. You want a bagel Hedy fresh for a. How could you make back five million? Even I? Guess that's a hundred million people watching yeah yeah that level of exposure. You can't get that almost anywhere but I feel like. We would not make that money back, I'm Terry fresh! Well, it's be a good way to go. Just make a farewell commercial! Farewell from Teddy fresh. We went bankrupt, making this commercial I feel like people would check out the product, but then they'd be like I'm, not interested yeah I, don't care about the Super. Bowl, though, is my point. I feel like I I wish I cared about the Super Bowl. It seems like everyone's having fun they're eating dip. You know, whoa go rares, that seems fun, but I can't do it. The Raiders have not been in the Super Bowl well long time. That's who's in it, though right, no, the Rams, oh the Rams, yeah I, don't even know apparently la is in it right. Then that's right, yeah, LA Rams! So there you have it. The LA Rams, incidentally, I do know that hitting with the helmet is illegal and Rams hit with the helmet. So I'm, not sure what that says about the team. Yo I think that's a loss for the Rams, but I think I've been thinking about this. A lot and I've been doing this I've been doing therapy I. Think that everything sports related I hate, because my dad likes sports and I think subconsciously growing up here. That is having a Super Bowl party, of course, I guess: who's not gone I'd rather be anywhere else. Honestly, I think subconsciously in an effort to be, unlike my dad, I pushed away all sports to a neurotic degree, because when my dad would be in there watching, sports I would be playing EverQuest for 15 hours. There you go and so I think my I think I've been thinking a lot about this stuff. You know therapy's weird, you don't really analyze yourself. You learn a lot about yourself, but an effort to not spend time with my dad I avoided all sports related activity that is interesting and I still to this day. I just can't do it. I want to I, see my friends enjoying sports. They watch basketball, Lakers Kobe, whatever you know, layup from Shaq I, don't know I can't get into it. You know: do you ever play sports growing up at all? No I [ __ ]. They tried to make me they tried to make me Dan soccer. First, they tried to make me play soccer. Well soccer sucks, so well guess what I sucked at it. It was embarrassing. Okay then I refuse to go. Then they tried to make me play: t-ball dan, yes, baseball, the American pastime. Let me tell you about t-ball I hated it and one time I went up to bat, I graduated from t-ball, and then I went to the real baseball and the first pitch. Some kid is trying to be a superstar. He throws the ball and he begs me in the stomach and I lost my breath. I doubled over and it was the only time I ever got on base was when some dude threw a ball at me. The only time I ever got dad. Yes Dan. It was sad. It was the only time I got on base, and let me tell you this they're, like oh, you get four space and I was like oh I'm, so [ __ ] up next player up hits the ball. Dan. Listen to this hits the ball line, drive between first and second I'm running the second base. The ball hits me in the foot: oh man, [, __, ], my foot up and then I'm out, because the ball touched me. So that's my highlight of my baseball career. It's tragic dude, [, __, ] sports EverQuest for life, but I feel like um I, feel like people who get in the sports and play sports day. You had. You have to need a lot of support from your parents. You need to like do the sports with somebody mm-hmm, but my dad was busy watching sports and not playing sports with me. Sorry, I'm, not a superstar, dad hope I'm enough for you to love me still so. Here's dog doing vacation everyone's, like wow Ethan's, really damaged I, actually just recalled that first baseball I got on base one time from being hit immediately after that I got hit by a ball on my way to second base. Do you understand how messed up that is so I've got beamed in the stomach hit on the foot I'm out, I never did anything. All I did was mess up. What a nightmare. Here's dog doing the babe mesh. It was a beautiful thing. I just thought, I didn't know, I had so much fun, lock, I was gonna. Tell my therapist. Maybe I was gonna, take Monday off, but maybe I need a double session. All right. Let's move on. We got the Jillette ad. Let's start here, shall we so this Jillette ad caused a lot of hubbub during the break. Jillette made a commercial about toxic masculinity. Now, first of all, message of the commercial Asajj. Should we watch it first yeah, so it's called. We believe the best men can be Jillette a short film. First of all, first of all, any time you refer to anything as a short film, you're, obnoxious, yeah, it's a commercial yeah, a short film by Gillette Brothers in Cannes, is a [ __, ] you're trying to sell razors yeah idiots, but how about a trawls? Yes, it's not not at the Cannes Film Festival, a short film by Gillette watch us at Ross, though 28 million views. So that's a lot. Here's the the description says bowling harassment is this the best a man can get. It's only challenging ourselves to do more that we can get closer to our best to say the right thing to act. The right way we are taking action at the best men can be org, join us now, I, guess what so another facet of the stories that Gillette used to have this slogan. It was a the best. A man can get right, then yeah it was. It was something like that. So I feel like they're, responding to themselves because they think they used to be problematic like a guy shaving and doing a close shave and being like the best man can get yeah, that's right and then a girl would like kiss him on the cheek, but it was old school every yeah that was weird and yeah you're catering to a bunch of dudes using razors yeah. We want kisses on the cheek look at some old school coffee. Commercials were, like the wife, make the coffee, and it's all about the guy I seen 50 I, seen coffee commercial 1950s, where the cut wife makes a bad cup of coffee and the husband throws in our face and burns. Her gives the third degree burns permanently. It's like whoa they're, like get Folgers next time, [ __ ] I was like whoa. The 50s were crazy, but it's true, you gotta get your coffee right. Woman I mean at the time those woman just stayed at home. They didn't work, so it's like the least you could do is get the coffee right. So anyway, let's watch bullying couple broken. There's the man can get there, you go so that was their old commercial yeah I love how to press those old guys, look like they just got a cancer diagnosis or something they're like no I just saw the new Gillette commercial and I realized. What a punk guy is it I pledge not to pause this video, it's been going on far too long, raps a problem again, laugh at all, [Applause] [Music]. What I actually think she's trying to say making the same experiences? If you cry well, I'm wondering if she had a church, the Shiva teardrop down her face, or is that like uh? Okay? That would be so dramatic making the same old excuses, but some kids are just having a child and there will be no going back because we we believe in the best in men, men need to hold other men, accountable, smile, sweetie cloth, to say the right thing to act. The right way, some already are, may break in ways big who made this a bunch of [ __ ] women made this much feel small. First of all and I'm sorry, deposit I pledged not to but I guarantee the people that made this commercial have beers that they use oils in they don't even use razors. You know what I'm saying these guys, these guys wear scarves in the spring, because the boy is watching today, [Music] tomorrow, okay, yeah, so my initial reaction was you sell razors mine? What are you talking about? It's just a commercial like? Are you really gonna preach to me right now? You sell razors Europe trying to make money. It's well. So the examples that keep showing is like stuff that I've never seen. Mm-Hmm like what well honey I've. Only ever heard like a 80 year old man say that no thing that happens, I guess I don't roll with, but and then then the other assumption is like Oh someone, who's problematic is gonna. Watch this and be like. Oh my god, yeah, oh my god, it's just it's pandering, but they're. Just going with the trend and trying to benefit from it, you know right cuz, he did it yeah Knepper Nick. They just see that they think this is what is going on right now to be like a walk, woke company or whatever mm-hmm. They thought this is just gonna look good for them, but it's just so not well in your ex parent. It's just did that. It doesn't seem that genuine but like who are they enduring to because they are a company for men's products and they're saying to men you're a problem. So it's like a weird thing of hating, your own customer. It's very weird I, don't know, and it's just a commercial right. That is really the bottom line. You just sell razors. This isn't a short film by the way, either you obnoxious, [, __ ]. You know that's it I'm, throwing my Gillette out and I'm and from now on, I'm gonna be nearing my [ __ ] [ __ ]. To do that by the way. I had this whole thing where I was gonna near my butthole, but I never happened, I'm glad you know, Mitch down, yeah I had a bunch of their products and people. You know, that's that you shoot people were like do not I was getting really worried, so I did 1.3 million downloads, but I think ultimately Dan. You made a good point about this ad. Didn't you well, yeah I mean my take on this. Is that you know people should just ignore it, because I mean what they were looking to do is stir the pot and get people angry and all of the people in social media who were pissed off and throwing out their razors and everything there they're playing right into their hands, because that it's almost an extension of the ad in a way because all the people that you know get outraged that get outraged proof right, yeah that there's a problem, so the picture of the yes. So this genius goodbye, Gillette hello, dick yeah dude, already owns a razor mm-hmm. You already bought it you'd you're, the only one. Now you have to go, buy a new razor. They already made the money and also you know that you can't flush that right, he's gonna, have to put his hands into his own toilet and take it out so dumb, but yeah I mean like people getting triggered by it and posting stuff on social media like this, it's just further advertising for them, because you know the people that that, like the ad or you know like the message of the ad or whatever, like oh hell, yeah and they're and they're triggering these people. That makes it even better. Well, it's like when people have a problem with Nike and then they burned their shoes. Yeah right and Nike sales went alike right, but what it does is continues the conversation and the conversation is about Gillette and these huge brands, just all they want, is people saying name right. Like the last time you ever said Gillette the world, but it's just like all the sudden. We remember Gillette yeah, you know and that commercial is so awful. They knew that people were gonna, get pissed yeah. It's all very cynical for me. As a woman like that situation, that you described that when people will say to you, why aren't you smiling? People do say that happened and I've never seen it happen. So I got a girl. Well, I, don't hang out with [ __ ], weird Creepo dudes, either yeah, but even to me someone who's been in that situation has been annoyed by it. This doesn't do anything to me. That's just you trying to appeal to who and Reno fail, yeah yeah fake. That's that's really it it's just so fake! Well, this guy he's gonna do suppose this guy put a bag over his hand. After taking this photo and grabbed it out of the toilet. Oh, he tried to make the glow garbage pickup hook. I just love this guy, knowing the heat once the photo was done. He had to grab it out of the toilet. I bet you this guy kept it too. He washed it off he's like I'm, not gonna waste. There's a bunch of these yeah I think these guys took the bait and I think you're right about that. Here's this another genius, this Gillette razor I was sent on. My 18th birthday has been with me through basic training, four deployments and seven moves I've used almost every day for the past 15 years, great Coomer, so for now yeah. So, basically, what he's saying is that this isn't a tremendous product yeah, but because of an ideological difference. I'm I'm not gonna, use anymore, but the product and I vouch, for it is tremendous. This is better than the commercial really, but since Gillette thinks I'm a bad person I'm, throwing it away this guy's like listen. This is the best product I have ever owned in 15 years yeah. They should retweet this I'm like holy [, __ ], and even just the statement, because Gillette thinks I'm bad person like again you're just you're playing into it. Cuz people gonna see that and like great you know, this guy identifies with the negative behavior depicted in this ad and is offended by it. So I like to let even more now yeah people like if you're I mean, if you're that sensitive, really, though about it, I find that strange too, exactly they didn't say: you're a bad person dude. They were talking about a very specific type of dude people. The people who got super triggered by it were so sensitive and defensive that it's weird everybody's kind of this F this whole event was stupid, because I didn't find the commercial that, as a man I wasn't offended, I just felt pander to and that the commercials and was disingenuous and stupid yeah, but I didn't feel that they were calling me a bad person yeah. So I, don't know what that means about you, but I. Just think then you're way too defensive dude and also notice that he didn't even put it in the trash. Can this is a fake thing, he's gonna, say: I love this product way too much he's kidding that thing for another 15 years he's. Definitely not throwing that thing away. Yeah! That guy loves that razor more than any life itself. Suppose razor God ever made interesting stuff. What else we got here, yeah I, found that uh sexist coffee ad that you were talking. Oh yeah, through the discord, the one where the guy punched his wife in the face, don't think he punches her, but he he dresses her down. Papa Eddie solves a crime. I was kidding. No. This coffee is criminal that finger in the face. How petty might copy its murder, I'm I'm so accomplished. What do I do? I need to ask a man. This [ __ ] is so bad yeah, oh just young lady! All you do is add. Why are you dumb? You dumb idiot, no cooking required because coffee, sorry, what is that accent? Dry forages? It's that weird transatlantic [ __ ]. They used to do back dreams, it's literally a fake funny like even in Hebrew. When you watch old stuff, they had like an accent like yeah. That's what dance talking about. There was a weird television accident, yeah people put on huh very strange. This is well they cold. Coffee comes from comes from look at this [ __ ] girl. Like please, don't punch me. You know it's a crime. He scares her yeah. You know what to cry: she's like what not to have delicious coffee everyday, like American, Psycho, I, now suck my dick under the table, yeah, that's pretty crazy and that's a perfect family yeah. That's I want I'd like to see Folgers, making apology videos for their commercials from the sixties. Boycott folger. Can you imagine Folgers? Is this the best we can do? The best part of waking up is a [ __ ] from my wife. Audrey can Folgers that's their slogan best part of waking up case. You were confused dealer. Okay, you knew okay well with seconds commercial break, I haven't having a lot of fun here with Gillette and everything. Next up. Let's talk about. Let me be frank: starring Kevin, Spacey's last role on this planet Earth after this quick commercial break. So we will see you guys very shortly. If you watch this show, then you probably have awful oral hygiene and your mouth probably stinks, and that's why I quip is such a beautiful sponsor that I love, because this toothbrush is all you need to have a beautiful, kissable, minty fresh mouth? And let me tell you about this toothbrush. It has the softest bristles in the game. It is not gonna harm your precious sensitive gums. That's number one! That's the secret number! Two! It's vibrating! This packs the punch of a $200 vibrating toothbrush in this beautiful slick, little tube for only a fraction of the cost, but here's where the magic begins. It tells you it vibrates and it pulsates when it tells you when to switch quadrants to make sure you get that perfect brush every time and you don't lose track. You're like oh, oh, it brushed my mouth for 20 seconds. I'm done no two minutes! That's how long you need to brush and that's how long this baby forces you to brush to make sure that the teeth don't fall out of your head by the time you turn 30 quip has changed. My life I do not use any other toothbrush, because, let me be frank: the bristles are the softest. It tells me how long to brush and it vibrates there's really nothing else. You need, and it's delivered to your house- you don't flee, go to the freaking grocery store and mess around in that section. You never know what you're getting trust me. This is a toothbrush, the first and last, the Omega and the Alpha that you'll ever need toothbrush. Wise, that's quick! So there's 1 million people there. Happily using this product quip starts at just $25, so go to get quip, dot-com, slash, h3 right now, and you get your first refill refill pack for free check it out. You're gonna love! This toothbrush go, get it at GE, tqu, IP, comm, /, h3, I wish I had access to this product when I was younger because I had braces the old-fashioned way and that is so miserable the same I'm so jealous of people. They get to use this beautiful, incredible product, candid. What they do is they send you out a mold, you take them older your teeth and they send you the super high-tech, like braces molded to your mouth. Specifically, that is like braces, but you can take it out it when you eat and basically you could take it out when you brush I got immense gums. My mouth was a mess for the years I had this is the future. It's a fraction of the price and it brightens your teeth. Also I have had stains on my from where the braces were. This is the future. It's cheaper. It's better I am so jealous of everyone that gets to use this incredible product. It takes six months on average and cost on average 65% less than braces everything is delivered to your home. You got a White Glove customer service. In addition, an email and phone support candid will set up a video call with you to answer any questions. You have and walk you through the modeling process and they only use orthodontist, unlike some other companies that do this use dental professionals, whatever that means this is the real deal. That's it it's incredible. They customized it specifically for your teeth. They've got a network of orthodontists that review your specific case and provide you with a 3d preview of what your treatment will look like and basically having real orthodontist is the main reason. You're gonna love, candid, because because you can't really replace a real orthodontist with a dental professional you're, one step away from getting straighter whiter teeth, take advantage of candids risk, free bottle and kik guarantee, plus. When you use my dedicated link, candid code, comm, /, h3, you'll, save 25% on your model and kit, that's candid koat.com, / h or you get 25% off the price of your modeling kit, candid code, calm, / h3, I am so jealous. Please guys go fix your teeth, thank god for stitch fix, because I never have to go into another Macy's again as long as I live and I cannot stand that place. Another department, sports stores that you're expected to shop because it's frickin, it's it's hell on earth, I'm, not gonna, mince words. That's what stitch fix fixes it's a new world and we need to shop for clothes in a new way for men and women and kids stitch fixes and online personal styling service. That finds and delivers clothes, shoes and accessories that fit your body. Budget and lifestyle just go to stitch fix com, /, h3, take a survey, you tell them your size. What styles you like? How much you want to spend on each item and a beautiful genius fashion guru goes to work, selecting perfect crunching the numbers calculating an algorithm and they're like whoa. This is the perfect look for you and they send it to you right to your freaking door. You try them on and you only pay for what you love. If you don't love it, you return the rest. It's that easy shipping exchanges and returns are always free. There's no subscription required. You can sign up to receive scheduled shipments or just get your fix whenever you want. They've got a styling fee of only 20 bucks, but that's applied towards anything. You keep from your shipment, so get started now at stitch. Fix comm, slash, h3 you'll get an extra 25% off when you keep all the items in your box. That's stitch fix, comm, slash, h3 to get started today. Stitch fix, comm, slash, h3, welcome back everybody to the greatest podcast ever made. Can I say that again, I can say it doesn't make it true, but don't say it. You guys probably heard about this. Everybody heard about this on Christmas Eve, Kevin Spacey, who, as being tried for sexually assaulting a minor, not saying I'm, not making a comment to his guilt or whatever, but he's being charged disgraced fired from Netflix for the scandals by the way house of cards. The last season was such dog [ __ ], oh god, it's just so much. It was already bad and now it's like so much worse. Well, it's all because, like cuz before I could hate watch it kind of yeah still kind of enjoy it. Well, they had a the story. Arc was going somewhere right and then all of a sudden it was just like. Oh he's dead. You know yeah I, guess they're doing what they can with it, but um be that as it may, Kevin Spacey puts this out on Christmas Eve, responding to his allegations of assault and the character of Frank Underwood, okay, and he blurs the line between the character and him. He addresses things in the show while addressing real-life accusations, and he on one hand says I didn't do it, but on the other hand he also was like what does it matter? If I did it and he's very kind of like his creepy character from the show which I don't see? How that helps his case? Not all and he's like in a kitchen that looks like might be his own kitchen, it has to be. Where else would he do it? They dudes at home, he's like been outcast from society. So it's not a fad. It's not a set. It's in his kitchen, who recorded it his wife and assistant yeah. Well that one didn't know that I forgot a lot of scrutiny because when he accused he came out as gay right I was like. Why did you do that? So, at any rate, very bizarre, such a weird, video and I do wonder if people told his lawyers, he was gonna. Do this cuz, usually when you're involved in something like this, the lawyers like say nothing to nobody. I think without asking me first I think you thought to himself that he knows better than everyone around him like this is gonna, be the best thing for me. Well, you know me and Eli were we're talking we're like if you're innocent, this isn't the video you make. No, this is when I watched that video and made me feel like is more guilty, because, if you're innocent you're, you trust the system, you trust your attorney I'm sure he has very expensive. Very good you're, not gonna, find any proof right. So yeah like what you don't do, is go and try to muddy the water and then be you're like psychopathic character that you play and try to tell everyone. You didn't do it while winking at the camera in the psychopathic character, because that makes me feel like makes me feel like what yeah. Also, as I was like you know, you're did you know: yeah you're fired right, cuz at one point he's like I'm gonna show you guys the whole video in a minute, but he was like you didn't actually see me die. Did you and I'm like Frank you're, not your dad, Oh anymore, bigger this isn't Canada. This is just you and your kitchen right now. Netflix is out yeah you're, you are dead. This is not canon, but that being bad as it as it may. He is a phenomenal actor and he delivers the lines very well. The writing is honestly very good. The way he blurs the line but I again it's a bad choice, bad because his is a good actor. I dislike creepy characters yeah, it's not a good time to creepy exactly the time. That's what makes it so incredibly bizarre, but the lines were written brilliantly performed brilliantly, but was the taste brilliant? Wasn't? Timing, brilliant I, don't think so. I was thinking to myself. Well, this is probably the last thing he'll ever act, and so you might as well be dissolving took it took full creative control on this. One yeah, listen in my kitchen, I I gotta tell you I didn't really like how so we called it in our house house of tards. To be honest because don't tell anyone, because everyone in that show is just so hard they're. Just so tired, I didn't say the r-word it's house of TARDIS, because nothing makes sense in that show like Frank is just killing people. It's just like I'm gonna, throw off on the train. I, don't want no cameras, he's killing people, they're drugging people they're doing all it's like! Oh and everyone's, just like! Oh! What's going on it's just it's like a you know what I think it is a super high budget, soap, opera, yeah, I kind of liked, the first season, as as that as like it kind of like a guilty pleasure, I, guess whatever bad, to show everybody you're kind of enjoy it, but it got worse, no yeah. Well. The last season was just bad bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. But anyway, let's watch this video I've hyped it up enough. Here we go with without further ado. Let me be frank, which again the title itself is brilliant. Frank. Other word, let me be frank know. Also it's like a plea like. Let me be frank, mm-hmm. It's like a triple entendre I mean that's pretty brilliant. That being said, he definitely did it. It's not I, don't know clean camerawork, bad lighting. I know what you want. Oh sure, they may have tried to separate us, but what we have is too strong is too powerful. I mean, after all, we shared everything you and I I told you my deepest darkest secrets. I showed you exactly what people are capable of. I shocked you with my honesty, but mostly I, challenged you and made you think. So again, it's like who are you being? Are you Kevin? Are you friends so he's doing it in the I think he's talking about his personal stuff when he actually came out as gay right mmm he's like I I, shocked you in way Yeah right. Everyone knew he was gay, not really shocked. There's shocked us with the timing. Yeah, okay, you look breaking it down, even though you knew you shouldn't even know. You knew you shouldn't, so was he still talking about himself? Anyone who says right, he said you trust me, even though you knew you shouldn't, oh, so, okay, so again, who are we talking about here? You know, and besides I know what you want. You want him back. Of course, some you want me. Bank believed everything and I've just been waiting with bated breath to him. He confess it all they're just dying to have me declare that everything said is true and that I got what I deserved. Wouldn't that be easy, it was all so simple. Only you and I both know it's never that simple, not in politics and nominal life. Okay, so he's clearly talking about his accusations, hmm, but Frank. Now what we know about Frank the character he would lie through his teeth and if you heard Frank saying this, he definitely did it. Yeah right, like Frank, always did the worst thing possible and then lied to try to cover it up. So, by him being frank and addressing the allegations, it's him saying: I definitely did it and I'm trying to lie it confused you to cover it up right, literally, that's what it means. That's the vibe on getting anyway I mean that's the interpretation. What do you think I? Don't know? What did he think that it's like creating just just more confusion, yeah, he's kind of trying to muddy the waters? It's a PR thing I think, but you wouldn't believe the worst without evidence. Would you you wouldn't rush to judgments without facts? Would you did you? No, not you you're, smarter than that. Anyway, all this presumption Mavis. You know that girl, you would believe me. I did not push that girl in front of a subway and season one. You believe me, don't you I know what you want it's like. We saw you do it did I watch the show I'm satisfying ending and to think it could have been such a memorable, send-off I mean if you and I have learned nothing else these past years, it's that in life and art nothing should be off the table. We weren't afraid not of what we said not of what we did and we're still not afraid, because I can promise you this. If I didn't pay the price for the things we both know, I did do I'm, certainly not gonna pay the price for the things. I didn't do. So what did you do yeah? What is he talking about him? Oh of course, they're gonna, say I'm, being disrespectful not playing by the rules like I ever played by anyone's rules before I never did and you loved it. Anyhow again, he has a person before this was extremely private. He never confirmed nor denied. He was gay people didn't know anything about his personal life as what was known for so again he's blurring the line. So much that he's saying you loved that I never played by the rules, but nobody so he's talking about Frank, because nobody knew anything about him or this we loved you on the shows. So again it's like it's it's we, it's not a good look to blur between a psychopathic murderer and yourself so much and you like cutting stuff right. It's very yeah boys making Christmas dinner. Presumably I wish you pointed out what is up with the lighting yeah, the lighting warps dungeness yeah yeah bad lighting guys, and we need some I mean we. No. No. It has a really awful blue light. They need some more like white balance up right scale that up, despite all the poppycock they had them up. They got headlines the impeachment without a trial, despite everything, despite even my own death I, feel surprisingly good and my confidence grows each day. That's soon enough, you will know the full truth. Wait a minute now that I think of it, you never actually saw me die. Did you what's with the ring dude you're done you're out of the show they fired. You still, you never saw me die. Then president of Netflix is like I saw. You die dude yeah. The ring was another Frank Underwood thing dude. What's the significance of the rain? No I haven't seen the show in a long time, but it was I just googled it and there's a bunch of pictures. I guess he would always like put the ring. Okay, after you did something evil, okay and then the final act of strange. That was the worst possible way to end that video in the fact. It's not that dramatic, hamster sound effects say it's close yeah, because the tone was so serious and so artistic, and then that brought me right out of it. Golly he's like yeah I'm worth the I'm worth the fifty million bucks, but go ahead and grab that audio jungle sound bike. He has a weird one man, a bunch of people in the chat saying he reminds him a lot of those Garth Brooks videos: oh yeah, the same like cadence. What? If the ultimate twist was that Kevin Spacey was just a Garth Brooks or so no there you go yeah. So again, this was a really terrific phenomenon, Christmas Eve, absolutely incredible creep. It just makes me think that he's guilty. Why would you even make this I tend to agree? Because if it's a desperate attempt to confuse because yeah and uh a small correction from what you said before, I guess there, there are allegations against him, for you know, making advances against minors, but he's on the thing he's on trial for the guy was 18. It was still oh, okay, my bad. That is definitely my bad thanks for correcting me on, but there are always I think it's about that. You got him drunk right and then yeah I think raped him so hold on. He was not underage during the alleged. This article is from December this past December about the trial and sexually assaulting an 18 year old is okay. Thank you for correcting me. Yeah I think I heard the saying that he can't got him drunk, got him really drunk I'm good. Well, there's another allegation from the 80s of a 14 year old, so yeah yeah! Well, you know what I don't pass I, don't make a conclusion I'm only on what happened or whatever, but just based on the video alone. I'm sure Netflix did their own investigation too, and they decided to fire him. Yeah I would like to think so, but be that as it may, the video is very strange and just an assumption is that I don't think an innocent person would make that video I could be wrong. Well, you're right I mean his lawyer. Thank you. You heard of have an I'm right. His lawyers had to have had an aneurysm when they saw this there's no way as someone who's dealt way too much with lawyers. For my own taste, the official policy is always shut up, so next up we've got so. Many great stories are all shocking Nita by the way I've gone, vegan I'm, going good speaking of PETA and I'm, like keeping up with it. Ten days in oh yeah, man, yeah I'm. Definitely I've lost like two pounds, I think at least, but I feel nice. You know it feels good I've had absolutely relentless diarrhea, though, since I like so so relentless dude, oh, my god in gas I can confirm the gas I've been hot boxing ela, but they don't tell you about that part I'm eating everything, I used to just no meat or dairy, but I. Guess, as you pointed out, then that it can be shock to your system because I don't think, there's been a day of my whole life that I've gone without either dairy or meat yep there you go. That's a big change. That's a big change! I turned to eastern side, one night when, while we were sleeping, I turned to his side and then all of a sudden I got gas. In my face the middle of the night pocket Ida turn back. You ever seen those videos of like methane coming off from like icy rivers. That's what the that's! What like whoa! That's a methane bubble! Why ain't rate PETA has come out? Basically, I went vegan because of these PETA commercials, so I thought they'd be interesting here, so the first one they tweeted out, there's two. This I thought was as a joke. This is apparently a real thing. They tweeted words matter and their understanding of social justice involves our language evolves with it. Here's how to remove speciesism, they call it from your daily conversations. Yes, be she ism, as if as if they understand our language, like just think about what you're saying you idiots, literally literally, they don't understand your language. Who are you a fan? They can't be offended by what we say so you are they make. It seem like it's about the animal, but it's about you, the animals, don't understand what we're saying you're offended, and so you want us not to offend you and you're gonna just have to stop using anti animal language exactly what anyway, let's start from the top kill two birds with one stone, no say freed two birds with one stone: does that make sense but Bert? Why would a bird want a scone? Most guns are good yeah, but I, don't think it's very bird scones. This is poppy a disco in a sweet bread. But it's gone it's more like a dry English I thought it was yeah feed two birds with one scone. Do you understand that most of these are like Shakespearean sayings? This is like part of our heritage, part of our English language. This is a part of our cultural identity and you want to whitewash it. For this garbage feed two birds with one scone. Imagine saying that to a strange on the street they'd be like I'm, sorry, what you know, feed two birds with one skunk. Next they say be the guinea pig, be the test tube. That's like you know they really doing. I was gonna, say that this is so stupid. You know what they're doing is like it reminds me of when they started taking the n-word out of vogue, Huck Finn in particular, which is this wonderful timepiece written by Mark, Twain, written back during slavery, and it's about the sweet boy that goes on this epic journey with his slave, his family's slave, and he uses the n-word all the time, because that was normal at the time. But this kid is deeply under a sustained for a person, and it is a really a landmark book and a real time piece and so to chant rewrite the history. Why did they change it to you know, or they just removed it I changed it to slave I. Think they like. That is so so it's a rewriting of history, yeah I mean it doesn't serve anybody. The kids are not racist people reading our races, but it's so important to know the fact it's good to have this stuff to look at is what the past used to be like horse commercial, that we saw of the coffee. Of course, it's so shocking. What are we gonna erase it like? It never happened, and we should know that it happened. Mm-Hmm be the guinea pig, be the test tube. It's like no at least I could try to come up with better ones. Well, tube beat a dead horse feed a Fed horse. You know you can't feed a fed of wars, bring home the bacon, bring home the bagels I like that one bring it on the bagels for that one. If you say that people like really grab and bagels tonight, take the bull by the horns. Take the flour by the thorns. Can you imagine taking a flower by the thorn your baby I bought you? This rose no I'm, sorry that doesn't work at all on any level. Okay, Jesus Christ! Well, this is even the worst one. This one was just stupid and everyone's good filling them this one. This next one is just deep right: I mean I, don't know this one. So this is a video. They posted say. Traditional masculinity is dead. The secret to male sexual stamina is veggies. The APA links talks of traditional masculine linked to violence, which is also deadly to animals. Why men should go vegan? So here you go guys, I, don't know why they picked all the creepiest mother efforts to not to reprise the role of hello. Is anybody home the hell, Twitter mm-hmm, you know find you different yeah. You can just find me at YouTube. That's strange yeah, but this video actually made me want to go. Stop being vegan. I was like [ __, ] who's. Gonna turn me into one of these guys: I need to eat meat right now. That's annoying! Let me when you got it, damn yeah I'm looking. Maybe they did, they have to remove not on YouTube just take PETA masculinity, commercial yeah. We watched the last night. What is this I mean it's graphic, but it's just well in the commercial, it's a bunch of creepy weirdest, looking dude, you can imagine I. Think Dan found it. Okay, good! It's somebody recording off a screen, though, should I not show this I mean it's pretty explicit, but it's just like it's very explicit, but it's just veggies well here, I'm, not gonna, feel I'll. Describe it to you guys. Oh, it's a shame. Should I not show it to you uh? Is it too risky? It's just a carrot that they shave him too big I mean the guy just nothing that you're had done. What do you think you don't know? I really know I mean this one's been up for a minute. It seems like fine to me. I, don't know it's not really nudity, but these guys took like big-ass squashes and carrots and taped it over their pants and they're. Just so weird I got to show it I feel like Facebook will allow it. This is let's just move on cuz. This is kind of, but it's so dumb, I I, don't know I mean Facebook is allowing it so you YouTube has become so [ __ ], lame, I swear to God. Youtube has become so [ __ ] sensitive, it's more whitewash than television. By far like I was watching this guy Oliver tree. He is a really talented musician. He made this incredible music video and it's totally fine completely artistic and they age-restricted it because there's one scene where he gets decapitated, it's not violent, it's very cartoonish and and it's something you would see on MTV or television no problem, but YouTube has become such [ __ ], [, __ ]. You cannot even curse. You cannot I, can't even show it dude wearing a [ __ ] squash on his dick, because I'm afraid that the whole episode is gonna get age-restricted and they go oh well. You can post it on YouTube ya, know: I know it's gonna help you, but when a video gets age-restricted, nobody sees it, it doesn't show up on the home, page, isn't sort of suggested you get like 90%, less views. That is not the point of this. It's so [ __ ], [, __ ]. We just got raised restricted right there and, like don't put ads on him, who gives a [ __ ]. You know, especially when it's something artistic like a music video, yes, Nicki Minaj shows her [ __, ] giant, [, __ ] on it and I'm cursing now big. To make a point, have you seen anaconda all the way up her [ __ ], [, __ ], it's [, __, ], so upsetting? Why don't we describe it? Let's just show it but I at this point see the problem is that if I show it and gets age-restricted, it really screws us so the whole app is because our app, because we have sponsors that look at the view, amounts and if we end up getting 200,000 views instead of, like a million that really affects us, I think we can describe it. You kind of got to see it. These dude, they fastened giant squash to their pants and they're shaking their dick, but they look insane the music's insane. It's really creepy and disturbing yeah they're, showing guys then saying like they shaped. They shaped with vegetables, you what looks like a huge, but they genitalia they made it. Look really realistic, like this. Guy has a huge cucumber like 12 feet long and then he has like, like cilantro or parsley, that look like pubes and it looks super realistic and then the next guy, but they look so creepy, like maybe I, can just show you like here. This guy's face for justice still for him. Yeah all right here. Let me see yeah, their facial expressions are like they're rapey they're, like there's like a huge carrot. That's up right, like he's stiff and he looks so creepy and then I Dan. It just says, increase you're here. This is sexual stamina. Go Vegas face just like this guy, so he's got a huge carrot: stiffy, that's like huge and I. Don't know I, just don't get the like. Really. This is how you think people are gonna, go vegan. What are you insane as a vegan? Now? How did you feel when you saw it I felt like I'm, not I, don't want these people are fringed, lunatics and I won't want anything, didn't do it them and I want to eat meat. I wanted to eat meat after I watch. This is that a spider yeah did vegetables, not increase your veggie and sexual stamina. It's not even a thing like really you think. Like you, oh they're, like we understand men, they want hard. They want their dick harder and they're gonna. Get that by going vegan. It's like really is that even a thing is that good, like looking at men, is like the lowest common denominator. They're, like man just want their itch to be harder. Yeah I'll do anything God paired with the other ad that we just talked about where they were explicitly talking about toxic masculinity and toxic behavior. This does this does kind of exhibit toxic masculinity, because there's dudes in the club they're shaky by the way, like here's, a shot of a guy in the club with a bunch of girls here, I'll show you this still cuz. It's on the show his apparently too vulgar for YouTube. So so here he is with a girl with the clubs and he's got a huge. You know squash and orange balls out. But here did you ask like he's in a public setting and he's got his genitals out? That's toxic as it gets and they're dancing like humping. You know yeah super sexual and look how the girls want it they're, like they're, almost sending out this message of? Oh, why don't you just go? Show your junk to anyone in public and they'll want it. Peta guess who's problematic. Now all this company is trying to be cool. Just calm down just make a boring commercial. That's what we want seriously. Well, don't try to be a little ism. Yes, God, there's nothing awful, there's nothing worse than like Gillette, there's nothing worse than like PR commercial advertisers trying to be savvy. You like this company of ours, look for you. I have been obsessed with the fire festival documentary on Netflix, though I wash both of them, but that I found out that so [ __ ] Jerry was the company that worked to promote, manage the social media, yeah of the fire festival, yeah and then I found out. The whole time was watching the Netflix documentary I was like wow. These guys are really complicit. I'm surprised that this documentaries not more critical of them because they continued to promote them all the way through the whole thing and they were showing how the organizers were asking them to delete comments and control the narrative by deleting comments and banning people and they're like so we were deleting comments and I was like you guys, are really complicit in this. So it turns out that they are the ones that produced that documentary the Netflix documentary, what that's, how they had all that insane footage the Netflix production between them and vice the Netflix documentary [ __ ] we're in really disclosed that's weird, losed it they were filming and getting all this incredible footage during this fraud, and then they produced the frickin. What that's so weird the documentary and then I started going down this [ __ ] Jerry rabbit hole, they're, just they're, just these they're, like so Flo Antonio, but that's professional. They just steal [, __ ] from people and that people that run that are such douches I watched this clip of a news reporter being like. So tell me: what do you guys? Do you just create memes all day they're like here's, a picture make a make a meme of it and they all try they're like me masters, and so they try writing a caption of like this. Is me when my stepdad brings me home from school too early and I was like wow. You are the biggest tool on the planet. Earth Wow, so that's up anyway. Is that what does that mean about the documentary? That's so I feel like they needed to disclose that yeah, but speak and I noticed the Hulu one that was not made by them. Yeah was more critical of them, saying that they were being investigated by the FBI and stuff like that, but no mention of it on Netflix, pretty Shady, but a convenient. And that's what Dan told me. So, if I'm wrong about this blamed in it, they they definitely were co-production company on the Netflix documentary, there's been a trending tag: [ __, ], [, __, ] Jerry. What a flip! That's right, what the flip and then I saw they're. Just not it was great, haven't watched, it I hate to say it, but the Netflix one was superior to the who the one but watch both yeah watch both. But oh my the Netflix one was like one of my favorite documentaries every it was such a thrill ride. It was just well, they had more of an inside scoop because they were involved right, I hate, knowing that's the other side of it. Yeah I hated knowing that. But that being said definitely watch it, because it's amazing and ja Rule is such a clown. This guy, he was like involved in everything. Oh yeah, he was a part-owner. The only difference is that this one guy Billy he was directly lying to investors like he was saying: [ __ ] like like they had outside investments of like you, know, tens of millions of dollars. When really they had none, saying that he owned a bunch of stock in companies and had all these liquid assets. He didn't have any saying that his previous company made like millions of dollars when it made like 16,000, so he was falsifying documents and lying to investors so he's definitely his ass is fried I, don't want to ruin it cuz. There's some really amazing twists and turns in the Netflix one, but John. There's these great scenes with ja. Rule were after it's a total disaster and they get on a conference, call with ja, Rule and all the senior people in the company of the festival and they're like dude. We just committed fraud, they're all very uncomfortable, with everything that happened. Yeah and they're all like toss. What is going on the call and ja rule is like no, we didn't commit fraud, I would say. If anything, it was false. Advertising I'm like dude, that's fraud, that's what fraud is and he's still trying to make the whole thing work after the fire festival was a complete disaster. Yeah and like people almost died, I'm surprised. Nobody is still trying to make it work and on that call it's like there's so many smart people on this call right now. It's like come on. You guys can figure it out like I'm, not one of the smart people on the call, but there's so many smart people on this call right now, it's like how do you figure out that you defrauded, like 50 million bucks, figure this out guy and then Billy the organizer after the flop? There was an interview of him he's like well. Obviously, uh version one didn't work out. We are refunding everyone and giving them discounts to version two which will be next year. I love it. The scam, never stops love. It super entertaining watch the damn thing: let's move on, and then there was that RKO documentary- oh my goodness, the r.kelly one, that's also a Netflix right. No was it HBO lifetime lifetime? Oh so it's on TV! Thank you jack! So lifetimes all over it. Lately they did the Scientology stuff too. Didn't they or was that a knee I? Don't there's too many networks, I'm, so sick of cable, such a scam, I pay like $120 a month and I feel like I'm, watching commercials half of the time yeah at any rate, the arc le document was really disturbing, really acid. We talked here about that one article I was having a yeah and basically it just confirms everything and more. He makes all of his girls call him daddy. He has like an initiation process where he breaks them in slowly to the point where he'll basically locks them in their bedrooms, permission to go to pee, to eat, yeah move to get out of the room, yeah um daddy or he beats them up. They takes away their phone I called her friendly anymore. So it's a cult. Well, it's more like it's more like torture than a cult, because they all don't want to be there they're just afraid to leave same with a lot of cults. Well, I feel like was theirs brainwashed to thinking they want to be there, but I think it's the same with them because, like when BuzzFeed that article came out, they recorded an interview with one of the girls and she was like I'm not being held well at any blurred line, yes or Capel. At any rate, it's really disturbing highly recommend watching it that dudes a creep to the max I mean listen guys. It's public knowledge that he was boning alia. What's her name yeah earlier yeah when she was like 14 or something 15 years old age, ain't, nothing but a number rest in peace, yeah, r.I.p alia, r.I.p, yep, yeah man, it's crazy, it's so crazy, and then we go to the absurd. On another end, Kevin Hart was set to host the Oscars and then, of course, the Twitter warriors of the world, pull ten-year-old tweets and then caused outrage that forces him to step down now then before 10, but but yeah. Well, here let me sum it says the year here on these years is from they were quite old. Of course he cut out the year. Can you guys find out what your this tweet is from um yeah, I'm, Lea, various, but and then meanwhile, look at this smug look at this smug. Let me show you this smug guy's face: okay, okay, look at that! Yep got him; I'll never get the house to Oscars, so you will I, never got the host of Oscars and I never made a gay joke. In my life, it's like a lot of them were 2011 ish, so yeah I mean like eight years: okay, okay, so here he goes, Benjamin says and Oscar for most homophobic host ever goes to so here's the here's, a quote of the tweet or I guess now, there's a quote from one of his movies from 2010, which is nine years ago. One of my biggest fears is my son growing up and being gay. That's a fear, keep in mind, I'm, not homophobic, be happy. Do whatever you want to do, but me as a heterosexual male. If I can prevent my son from being gay I will he said during his 2010 movie seriously funny before going into a skit about times when Hendrix may have exemplified homosexual tendencies to which he would response I'm doing my best Kevin Hart stop that's gay from 2010, but anyone was following Kevin Hart these days. This is nothing you wouldn't hear from him. Today it's been a while people. Nine years a lot has changed. Do you know how much of a person you change in nine years? Well, how much the wasn't acceptable to say and not yeah, you know also making gay jokes was like everyone was always making gay jokes. It was just I, don't know it's just that thing at that time you can find probably a lot of people. You I like how they go back and judge people by the standards of today based on things they said ten years ago, like it doesn't work that way and people grow up in certain environments where I don't know where I grew up, it was kind of like not acceptable to be gay and yeah. You know you kind of grow up like that, but then you change right and he changed he's not like that today, yeah but I mean really and frankly, he what he said was I mean in all and all fairness, not really, even even if he said that today, it's tasteless but Mike, that's not hard to translate it's out of context. Yeah like in our lawsuit, it was so funny. They would write exactly what we said and analyze it and when you just read it versus like seeing it with facial expressions and whatever so much is lost, and then you just judge based on a few words I haven't seen this this scene, but as a parent think about it like that, as a parent you know, being gay is harder than being straight because you have to deal with more challenges in your life because I think, probably if you're gay there's more challenges, one you're not you're not considered normal by a lot of people, so you have to adjust to not being like most of the people around you. Okay have a hard time. It's more challenging. Let's say that I think that's a fair thing to say so you could even turbit as him saying look. I, don't want my son to go through I'm, more challenging childhood right. I mean it doesn't matter, I'm, not trying to say that what he said here is fine yeah doesn't matter so he goes I wonder when Kevin Hart is gonna start deleting all of his old tweets. Okay, did he erase anything I like how he's like making it sound like? He is erasing them. So here he shows more. These ones are from 2011. He lifts my son comes home and tries to play with my daughter's dollhouse I'm, going to break it over his head and say and my voice stop that's gay 2010. You know he just did a Twitter search for gay Kevin Hart. Why does Damien DW profile pic? Look like a gay billboard for AIDS boom I'm on fire tonight, I, don't know any of those tweets are yeah. I was wondering why it's written like a middle schooler yeah, it's pretty bad, but where was he in his career in 2010, I was like a different world where people, even on Twitter in 2010, was was he Twitter was. It was just starting to get big around then I think like I, wonder how many likes these tweets have probably like less than a hundred. Why does Wayne to15 have so many pictures of me and his phone? What are you some type of fat, [, __ ], that takes pics of small black men all day, 2009 again like that, is trying to make a joke clearly tasteless today, yeah but I think. Obviously it was a lot more acceptable to say that [ __ ] back then yeah yeah. My thing is to his this guy. That called him out. You know in the Oscar, for most homophobic host ever goes to dude like [ __, ], Bob, Hope use. He hosts the Oscars every year. It's like all of his just same guys, who made those Folgers commercials right exactly it was like yeah, not so much yeah, but again also he's he's apologized for this stuff already before Yeah right. That was the weird thing. Is this: this controversy already happened right like five years ago, there was kind of like a big brought up about me, addressed it apologized and then just like. Well, okay, it's, like you, said it's been a decade, I mean. Is he just not supposed to work for the rest of his life? Because of this? But again it's like dude. He didn't kill anybody. He just made some tasteless jokes ten years ago. He didn't do anything. Do you? Are you not promoting like change for the better like what? If someone did think that and then they understood they were stupid to think that and they changed because culture changed, and they understand now that it's not what people used to think I mean that's true. In my case, I've gone back and watched some of the old videos I used to make like back in Israel, like before, people used to watch her videos and some of the stuff I was saying, was outraged on me. It was so vulgar and um see I know of myself that there was no hate or malice behind it, but I was so vulgar and so insensitive with the way I talked. You know, I made Sean me it. Maybe it made me really feel awful about myself. Imagine if someone took one of those and just would you transcribe what do you? What is the word for it when you write the right into tricks, yeah yeah, yeah, transcribed it and post it on whatever yeah just the text. Yeah, of course, like even way works well and also, and their intention is to make it look worse, so they frame it in whatever way makes it look the worst for you mm-hmm, but again the most valuable change as well, and all these offensive things he couldn't find anything recent it's like bro. This is all [, __, ] you're a wooden eight nine ten years ago that he's already talked about if you're, following I following today, it's all about like positivity and he's just having a good time with his kids family stuff, it was working hard is like you would never find any of this stuff today yeah. So his point was that he's like dude I've, already talked about this. This happened so long ago, I'm not gonna apologize every time this comes up, it's like and, and that's a totally fair point and I think he's right that people need to stop pandering to these people, because this is not progress. It really is not progress, and so the debate continues. Man, this guy's such a douche like I, think to this day there's no new host announced it's such a Plaza to it, because it's just like way too much of a spotlight I! Guess it's just such false righteousness. It's like this guy thinks he's doing something righteous and it's just it's so the opposite. You know I mean look how we write. Instead of encouraging people to change, you know yeah, maybe maybe it was a little and I wrote about why Kevin Hart's homophobia isn't welcome at next year's Oscars. What how could the Academy I hire this homophobic [ __ ]? Do we really set the bar at homophobic that low, like pick on people who are today homophobe right, that's right, because that would be I think we all need to accept the fact that people grow and change and in 9 years, is like a lifetime of development. I mean like the videos that I used to make some of them. I, don't know if you guys will watch them and have the same reaction as me, but when I saw them, I was like. Oh, my god. I was so embarrassed by that person so doesn't represent, Who I am or what I would say today and how I feel mousse I was deeply horrified and embarrassed of this stuff and I wouldn't want to be judged by that, because we all human beings grow and develop five years is enough, let alone ten um. Let's, let's look at what people are now. You know. Let's look at who people have become. How far back do you go 10, 15, 20 years, it's like ask your grandma about [ __ ]. She was saying when she was 18 grandma. You wants uh. It says here grandma that you once called a black person: hey Negro, when you are 18 and well grandma I'm, just I'm gonna divorce, you Negros not that bad either Wednesday I don't know. Well, it's funny the whole I. Don't even go there yeah you either had a panic attack when I said Negro I, don't think I've had think I can I didn't, say it. His grandma did that guy's grandma's, a frickin racist man, Benjamin Lee those people's grandparents are raised exactly. Thank you. Dan. That's progress! Not this, but anyway, the story develops I've labored this long enough. Moving on so Kevin Hart goes on. Ellen where's, my mouse and and Ellen gives him hit her support and and she's gay she's, a gay woman, obviously too, so he stepped down from hosting right. It wasn't that they fired him Ellen. Oh, they did fire him saying that he needed to apologize. Okay and he was like you know what he was like I'm over it, no desire to host the show, and also after these mother effing web sites that she contact did the cap. They pop up like 20 videos, so he was just over it. He's like you know what I don't want to do, this mm-hm and good for him. Here's the video people were super angry at Alan for supporting him. Like here's one tweet, it says this is truly a misstep for you Alan. He might be your friend and maybe that's clouding your judgment, but he's not sorry and hasn't apologized. Even here they say. The only thing Kevin Hart proved by going on was that he's a terrible actor was zero, general and remorse remorse. He did not do anything. I thought what a judge say. It is like a serial killer, there's clearly no remorse in your eyes. Clearly, there's no remorse for the tweets you made 10 years ago up, saying you hope, your son's, not gay in my there's. So many angry Ellen can't forgive someone on behalf of the community Lowell, that's not how this works. I think she gave Kevin a pass instead of having an actual productive conversation in my Yeti, ed yeah. So let's watch the clip where's the clip um. Oh my god, I hate this. Our frickin website here it is um, bear with me guys dead air dead air. Here we go why I can't click any Twitter videos dear what is happening today, so it is Twitter, huh Twitter! Well, that's new mm-hmm! Can you find it on YouTube yeah I got you alright man, what the half uh, let's see here so as of now there is no host to the Oscars, making it possibly the first Oscars since 1989 to have no host and said it may just be a series of celebrities introducing various categories that sounds thrilling enjoy the awful ratings I'm sure everyone wants to watch that he had said specifically that he did not want to be a distraction, and so three days after the announcement he stepped down for his previous tweets, we've got the video thank you. I saw on YouTube I hosted the Oscars, we went to dinner and we talked about you hosting always wanted to host the Oscars I said you should host the Oscars. Then you get asked to I mean it must have been amazing when they asked you to host this year. I'm real. You know, there's there's a lot of goals that I have on my board. I got a vision board and on that vision, board, there's so many things that I want to do. - I'll check off as they get done and Oscars was up there. Oscars was one of the highest of high simply because there hasn't been a lot of african-american comedians that have been able to do it. I would have been the fourth so to get the moment celebrate the moment. Oh my god, I can't believe it's happening, and then the next morning, after a day, full of congratulations and celebrations I'm hit with the non slack on social media of my past, coming back up again literally the next morning, mm-hmm, not even a full 24 hours to glow and the glory of Kevin Hart is hosting this year's Oscars and when it happened, you know my first. My first thought is I'm gonna, ignore it I'm gonna, ignore it because it's ten years old this is stuff I've addressed. I've I've talked about this. This isn't new I've addressed it I've apologized, for it I'm not gonna pay it any mind. Cuz you feed on that stuff. You only add more fuel to the fire right, ha I'm, not gonna, do I'm gonna leave it alone. Now the day goes by the fuel is now. Is growing this this fire is angry, it's all over the place. Now the headlines are starting to change. The headlines are Kevin Hart refuses to apologize for homophobic tweets from the pass. The word again was left out. Everybody took those headlines and started to run with it. So now the slander on my name is all homophobia. Now I'm a little upset, I'm gonna upset because I Know Who I am I, don't have a homophobic bone in my body. I know that arrested I know that I've apologized I know that, within my apologies, I've taken 10 years to put my apology to work I, yet to go back to that version of the amateur comedian that once was I've moved on I'm a grown man, I'm cultured I'm manufactured I'm I'm, a guy that understands now, I look at life through a different lens and because of that I live it a different way, so now I'm kind of upset, because these 10 years are just being ignored, they're being brush pets. Nobody is saying guys this is this. Is ten years no headlines are saying ten years ago he apologized nobody's finding. The apologies nobody's finding the footage from where I had to address it. I had to address it when I did get heart promo with Will Ferrell, because of my joke that I had about my son I, had to address those tweets in 2012 and a very, very heavy heavy junket, where I was asked, questions and ask questions about homophobia based on those tweets and I, had to address it and apologize and say I understand what those words doing, how they hurt I understand why people would be upset, which is why I made the choice to not use them anymore. I, don't joke like that anymore, because that was wrong. That was a guy that was just looking for less and I was stupid. I! Don't do that anymore, so to be put in a position where I was given ultimatum I was given an ultimatum. Kevin apologize or we're gonna have to find another house ultimatum. This is now it's now becoming like a Clow. What was once the brightest star and brightest light ever just got rode dark. The Oscars is no longer about Kevin Hart. Stepping on that stage and taking a intense night where people are so uptight and making it loose and fun, that's my reason for doing it. I'm gonna bring fun to the Oscars I'm gonna make the Oscars fun. Now all of a sudden he's right he's right. How are you gonna make sure cuz the conversations about Oscars yeah conversations about Kevin Hart's sweets from 10 years ago and homophobia, mm-hmm I, don't want to step on that stage and make that night about me and my past when you got people that have worked hard to step on that stage for the first time and receive an award I'm now taking away from all those moments, because the night is it's focused on something else. Now, that's how I see it, because that would have been an apologize again while stepping down once again I'm sorry. If these words hurt I'm, sorry, but either my apology is accepted or it isn't either I can move forward or I can. But you can't grow as a person without mistakes. You don't know what perfection is unless you've experienced imperfection so I, don't know the perfect individual. That society is now looking for. Thank you. It's not me. Well, it's David I'll be the first to say it I'm open book. There is no perfect bone in my body. I have made several mistakes, several embrace them I'm alone on a day because of in this case I just said: I'm going to walk away because I felt like there was a conversation. I was just going to continue and continue and continue. Yeah I will much rather say I'm, sorry again and walk away because I'm I'm I want to be done with the conversation. I. Don't want to have to have this conversation anymore, because I Know, Who I am I'm, not that guy I know you're, not that guy, because I nose, nose, mom, so I'm gonna take a break because I have thoughts but I want that to stay exactly as it is so I'll take a break and I'll give you my thoughts, because I I think that the night I was not wonderfully stated. Yeah I actually have after listening to that, I agree with him that he made the right choice. Yeah. You know we, yes, yes, we are all flawed. Who are these perfect people that society you're looking for this guy that started this whole thing like it's like he's saying it was just immature trying to get a laugh. Yeah we've all been there yeah and you grow. You understand that was wrong. You don't do it again again. This guy Benjamin Lee, like you that perfect individual that ten years ago, never said anything offensive ten years ago, it's just so stupid but Danny to make matters worse. Ellen gets a ton of [ __ ], like I, was reading just simply for having him on and saying that she doesn't think he's homophobic yeah. She vouches for him that she called the Academy and said that she thinks that he should host and all of this, and so this guy says unfortunately mrs. Ellen. This is not your fight. The harm is the harm is done and this man hasn't learned. Why are you saying that he hasn't learned? That's what I wonder I farm is done. I saw his comedy specials I, follow you on Instagram all that stuff. Why are you saying that he hasn't changed? He's nothing, also she's a gay woman. What do you mean? It's not her fight who's hosted the Oscars yeah I find it might be her opinion matters she's very. If she's not qualified, to speak on it, then who is right? You sorry Ellen. This! Isn't your fight? Okay, it really is. She goes. He goes. The harm is done. It's like he did not kill anybody he's worried about his pockets, not the community. He has harmed listen to you, but he declined the job. If he's worried about his pocket, these people are not progress. They are the opposite. I hate it anyway. That's that speaking of Ellen Ellen's kind of on fire lately Sandra, you know, Sandra Bullock I call her Sandra bollocks, who wears my rimshot Sandra bollocks. Anyone so Sandra Bullock's developed a facial treatment. Did we talk about this? She didn't develop it yeah, it's hers, hers and this other hey, Trebek, insane I thought she was just getting the treatment. No, no! It's her as she's and she's invested in this yeah, just particulate Oh, Sandra, Bullock and Kate Beckinsale swear by it. Oh, maybe I'm wrong. Where am I yeah I. Think there's no advocates I, don't think. Well, I was thinking who would go on record and talk about this, even if you did like it so there's a $650, it's called penis facial. Now the facial penis facials that I know of are very different than than the ones that she describes. In fact, that's true I hear that well, but so what they do is- and this is so strange you guys and I apologize they well here. I have a picture. Let me show you its liquefied. They take baby foreskin Korean before and a specifically Korean baby foreskin. Now, apparently, the Koreans have got some extra spicy foreskin, here's the procedure and they literally make baby foreskin deposits deep within your facial tissue, and they call it if to make matters worse. The penis facial we should say it's cloned baby foreskin. They at least had only the raw stuff cut fresh from the vine. Well, the originally it was damn well I mean yeah, it started somewhere. It changed started somewhere right, it's good to say that it's cloned well can I, take all it like the stem cell treatment or something why the penis facial are you [ __ ] mental like seriously Oh, whose penis a baby's Korean baby? Well, anyway, Sandra bollocks comes on Ellen and Alan kind of she she uh. She handles it very well. She found of Lampoon's it which I'm happy to see a in which horses through micro needling, it's like a little roller with these some of you, I'm gonna, think many of you know it pushes, through the skin and ruptures of collagen and then boost it. You look like a burn victim for a day, but then it's it, but then it pushes. What are you pushing into the skin? Sarah Sarah said Carrie. What are you pushing into the skin? Well, you push in whatever the facialist would like to insert into your pores, but what is it? It is extraction from a piece of skin that came from a young person. Is this the is this the Hollywood elite, satanic cult we've been hearing about from a young person holy god, it's like she got caught. Red-Handed extract its foreskin from a Korean baby, funny I, find it deeply disturbing and so I really have to. Actually you know what I've been I, gotta, say: I kind of say: don't say it don't say it. No I'm, just gonna, say I. Think I like Ellen. She has her moments, I, don't like her dancing when I read that time she shamed the fan for stealing him, yeah I'm, saying she, but she like many people's, has her good and bad moments, but I think on the whole she's been doing some good stuff. Lately, you know she put her neck out there for Kevin good role today and she's, calling out these peaceful penis facials, where she sees them. I like her now next month. Who knows it's not like I'm lying there with little pieces all over my face, it thinks of collecting it and having it for will do something with this, and so so we call it like well, I call it the penis, facial and I. Think I think when you see how good it is to your face, you too will run to your local facialist and say put giving me the penis Wow Wow. Sorry, thank you for a minute yeah. This I find that all very strange we should both get it. Whoo perfect, I'm, a freak Amish Sandra bollocks. How old is she let's see? Let's make a distinction? Is it working for or not Sandra bollocks, that's her name by the way from now you think she looks freaky looks good. Well, let's see how old is she? She is uh, Wow, she's, 90, she's, 54, see I mean she's got a nose job that I don't like I, don't like plastic surgery. It's very apparent looks like she's had a lot of work done for probably your moneymaker and for my and I bet you she makes an awful pot of coffee, [Music], um yeah, but after she gives it to us, really yeah give her a penis facials yeah. That's all I got a penis facial for you right here, baby girl, you don't gotta, spend $650. Well, there's a lot more to go to, but we've already been going nice and juicing them long. We've got a great episode. We cover a lot of topics. I'll save these for the next time. We've got a lot of other topics. I want to talk about here, but um. If you want for your birthday, we could both go. Get a penis special I owe ya Dan, good, call, okay, yeah sure, let's do that, but we can do that at home. What there was one thing I wanted to talk about before we left was. We had one fan submission that I wanted to bring up vapenation an extreme place, it almost rhymes nation, extreme places. That should be a thing yeah. We need like a a. We need, some kind of slick, little animation, hey Ethan and Neela I've been following you guys for many years and I've always thought of myself as one of your biggest fans I know, that's a bold statement to make. So let me rephrase that I'm, your biggest fan in the world and I mean that in a literal sense, at an altitude of 19,000 for 341 feet. I'm, probably the highest envy, yeah I think he means VN ace representor in the world. Podcast number 99 and 100 kept me company, while climbing the last 8 hour long stage in the top of Kilimanjaro Africa's highest mountain. All in all, I just want to say thank you for the amazing work and congratulations on the start of season 2. This comes from [Music] Momiji, so Mitchie hereby claims himself to be the biggest fan at the summit of Kilimanjaro. That's technically the highest AJ fan high. A lot of her fans would probably contend that they are the highest bid at 19,000 341 feet. It was listening to the podcast while climbing I guess what I want to say in honor of him is that if you have other babe nations and extreme locations, yeah I would love to see it. That's really cool, send your submissions and anything else. All other submissions do podcast at h3h3 productions. Comm. So shout out to this to this Papa bluster ichi and we should say within reason: don't hurt yourself. Please please don't mean god thank you Dan. If, if it looks dangerous, I may not don't show it yeah we're here for the goofs Yeah right now, the cringe God is doing something dangerous, I'm, yeah, sorry cringe! God, it's not happening! Well, that's about wraps it up. Opie guys had a beautiful week. I hope you have a terrific week end. This is the new time we're thinking about doing the Mew. The timing is great again, you know around it. Just consumes our whole day when we do it, and but beyond that, I kept around that time and I get so tired. I just want to take a nap at 3 o'clock. Would you only usually start so I like this? You know I like that. I like that I really, like so I, hope that my opinions were well I know my opinions were correct as they always are. This is the correct opinion, zone and I hope that if you disagree, you can go educate yourself and figure out rewatch. This listen closer and you'll find that my opinions are and will always be correct. So thank you. Everyone for watching have a terrific weekend. We love you. We appreciate you and remember, to throw out your Gillett remember, to throw your Gillette razors in your toilet and don't feed a fat horse. You know don't feed a Fed horse with our dumb. Do two birds with us cone. Don't ya feed two birds whisk with once ago, I hope you have a real productive weekend and feed two birds with one scone, everyone all right! Well, I'm gonna go give myself a penis facial now, hello, I hope you all the very best and also hoping this podcast doesn't get D. It doesn't get age-restricted for simply mentioning this PETA commercial, where dudes have giant cucumbers or penises. That about wraps are up a how about next week watching what is next week then Chris D'elia is coming up great welcome back for Stallion next Friday, very much looking forward to that super funny. Talented comedian always have a great time with them. Mm-Hmm looking forward to that, so do not miss it for the world, we'll see. You then guys, thanks for watching Dada,.