Two well here we are again. They said we wouldn't return. They always say that they go. Oh he'll, never be back after every episode he's leaving in disgrace, but no, I am back and this time with a good episode for a change with, because with us today is andrew callahan, the genius behind all gas no breaks. This is a young man you're going to be hearing his name you're, going to be seeing him I'll. Tell many of you already know him, but the legend of andrew callahan is growing by the day and continues to grow andrew. Thank you for coming into the h3 podcast. Thanks for having me on this is dope. I'm a big fan. Oh you are. You are yeah. I've watched a few videos and I'm always loying all right. We got the laws going. I appreciate that we are all fans of your work. Yeah I've watched everything. I mean I've watched it all right. Let me let me for people who are unfamiliar with your work. I think I'll best summarize it by youtube. Comment that I read under one of your videos- and you tell me how accurate it is- they said your show is like the eric andre show, except the interviewer is normal, and everyone around him is eric andre yeah. It's I've seen that come out before too that's a very good one. It had twenty thousand likes, so I was like wow twenty thousand likes yeah. That's a great observation. Yeah, I'm like straight man versus like psycho is that is you feel like that's an accurate representation of what you do. Do you feel like you go out into the craziest place you can find it just play it straight. Well, sometimes like sometimes like at the coronavirus, lockdown protest or like when I go to the flat earth convention yeah. It's definitely like that, but I've been trying to cover some more like serious stuff, like the minneapolis thing. Wasn't so much like that, but you know a lot of stuff's like that. It's pretty pretty fair, the minneapolis um. Actually I want to pull that up because you know the mini the minneapolis video to me. Actually I found like I was learning more from your video than a lot of the coverage I found you went in there and you went inside what was the store? There was a rioting. The store was on fire, it was smoking, people were writing and you're in there asking people questions. It was just. It was just amazing yeah I went it was uh kmart on lake street kmart minneapolis. Were you scared being in there? What was your vibe? I don't know? No, I wasn't scared, I just you know just all gas no brakes exactly yeah there. It is that kind of was like a perfect all gas, no bricks moment I feel like yeah. I mean I get more scared at, like you know, frat parties and stuff, like that [Laughter] cause they'll turn on you. I'm saying I kinda to pull up that clip so people, because I feel like that. That's a good representation of the kind of can we call it gonzo journalism. Can we call it that you can definitely call it that yeah that video was really meaningful and, like I felt like it, was the best piece of journalism that I saw during that time, because we had the news on the whole time, like you couldn't turn it off. Everything was so crazy, but it's just I don't know the way they cover stuff is so like boots, they're not boots on the ground. No, and they just focus obviously on whatever they think is going to make a good height a headline, but I feel like this was so real and you really got to see what people were about and why they were doing what they were doing yeah well. Thank you. I appreciate that there's actually a scene in the video where I found one of like the news correspondents it's like halfway through. I was walking away from the scene and like up on this freeway right here. Can you see what I'm sorry we're about to go on air here? So I gotta all right. So here's this part where you go into the you said it was a kmart and you just start interviewing the looters, which is something I would never think to do. But here we are- and it's actually quite enlightening, let's watch this [Music] everything must go. I think we're just causing enough chaos to get attention. You know you want this [ __ ] going man you're, there's like [ __ ] on fire, bro and you're just cruising through there. What did you I found like when you were talking to them? I didn't feel like threatened or like that people didn't seem very violent, correct me. They weren't very violent. I mean aside from the property damage happening, it wasn't like uh. The violence wasn't being exerted on each other. It wasn't like people were running out in the streets and like beating the [ __ ] out of each other. It was just an expression of like pain rage in that area. Yeah. I didn't really feel unsafe at all during the riots or protests there. That's really. I felt I got shot by you know by a national guardsman with the rubber bullet. It was like this big. Yes, when I was interviewing someone, so I mean oh, my god, I got shot by the guard. I was threatened by them, but no I the reason I didn't do any interviews inside the kmart is because it's like super incriminating. You know interview people, so I just got those shots of me walking around and the reason I held up that hanukkah sweater is because everything was looted from inside the store, except for like a few specifics. It was like baby pants, hanukkah sweaters and like just printers and [ __ ], they were just like there untouched. So I was just like walking around. I actually filmed. This segment called like what didn't get looted, but I never dropped it because it was just like too funny and like, oh, my god, the situation, but there's a lot of stuff. Oh, my goodness. That is so funny. Of course, no one wants that yeah, that's actually valuable market research for kmart and target yeah. What people just wouldn't even want if it was free, yeah, take those off the shelves. People should be paying you for this kind of research. I'm telling you so um andrew coming right. Congratulations! First of all, you've signed a deal with absolutely tim and eric's production company. First of all, that's got to be like a dream partner for you how's that uh. How did that come about? It was crazy because, like I was on the one yard line with a different production company in in like la area- and I was about to sign a deal- I'm not gonna say it was as I can't, but it was like definitely not like an ideal situation and then so we were probably a week from getting that paperwork signed, and I got a dm from eric. Oh [, __ ]. He was like it was like hey. He was like hey man, you want to make a show, and I was like what what I was in a hotel room in vegas at this alien uh conference, and I was like yeah here's my number and he called me and he's like yeah man. Let's make a show like as fast as we can like. We want to pick you up right now, like dave and tim and holy [, __ ] bro. So that's how it goes down. I was wondering how it goes down with uh how those guys pick you up. I think that on like the high level of people who just do whatever they want, it's all like text message casual. I think you get in that mid-level. It's all like pitch meetings and right, like this web of agents and stuff like that, so you never pitched anything no pitch decks. None of that [ __ ]! It was just tim. Hey, let's go eric eric, oh yeah, air. Oh it was eric yeah. What a like! I never pitched anything! That's amazing, um! Well, your work really speaks for itself and thanks. They saw it. So where are you guys in the stages right now of developing the show? Or can you not talk about it? I mean it's coming along, like coronavirus, has definitely shut down like what would be necessary for like a production team, so I've just been. I live in an rv with my two best friends and I have been doing that for nine months, so we just travel around to drive wherever we want make. Videos like I'm still doing that we just drove to portland for those protests we're going to sturgis bike week in south dakota in a few days and we're driving to la I might get an apartment for a bit. Can't wait to watch the portland cover yeah, oh man, it's so nuts like it was crazy because, like I interviewed the feds like, I walked up to the feds like on the line, and I just like put the mic on him and this fed was like. I was like hey. What's your name like who do you work for and then like? They never talk, and then, after like 10 questions, he was like. I appreciate you not shining your light in my face, like the rest of the guys, and I was like holy [ __ ], the fed just talked and like all the press were looking at me like he just got the friend to talk, and I was like. Oh, I was like. I was like: can you repeat that I don't know what else to say? I just wanted him to keep talking and he was like. I said I appreciate that you didn't put the light in my eyes, and I was like one more time. I just said it like five times. That was good um. How did you first start in this series of all gas, no breaks? How what's the genesis for this series? Well, when I was a teenager, I used to like hitchhike around alone in the country, just travel from state to state and uh. I would bring like a recorder like a like a voice memo app and I would hang out at bus stops and hotels, and I would like talk to people like on the edge of society, like kind of like outlaw types kind of like deadbeats with bus tickets, that those kind of people just like road people, and now basically, I self-published like a zine like a storybook. That was the transcriptions of all the stories that I got on the road and stuff like that, and the book was called all gas no breaks, so it was originally like a zine it's no longer available, but I went to this company called doing things. It owns like a bunch of meme pages and stuff like that, and I was like yo. I want to kind of adapt my like book into a comedic video series, but also journalistic like new ganzo type stuff, and they were like okay. What do you need- and I was like just buy me like a rv from the 90s and I've just lived in the rv since then? That is crazy. How do you get up like to me? That seems like how do you get up the courage to just go out hit the road like that by yourself, hitchhiking bus stops. These these seems like, like uh, takes some measure of bravery or some lust for adventure or something that most people don't have. Where does that come from? I don't I don't even know man have you always wanted to do that, like yeah, I think when I was little like I used to always like look at maps, and I would like put my like finger on like a random point on the map and be like. Oh, what is that place like and all that google go on google images and like look up pictures of it and be like I'm gonna, go there one day and then I'm gonna get a horse in mongolia and I'm gonna go across the gobi desert and then I'm gonna get to india, and at that point I'm gonna figure out how to get to europe and I'm gonna. I just always had these crazy ideas about like travel, writing and stuff. Did you ever at that point think that those things would lead to good content like was it in well? Actually I, before I was kind of right after I was hitchhiking. I never thought about travel as like a content thing, but then I went to like I went to like southeast asia and amsterdam like the typical 19 year old american, with some graduation money, and I realized like damn. All people do is just get [ __ ] up when they travel like you know what I'm saying they just get go to different hostels and just slam drinks and go to sleep and like it's always like australians and israelis and argentinians it's like this kind of same thing every time, and so I was like man. I just want to travel the u.s. You know because there's so much to learn here and it's when I started exploring america and not internationally, that I was like okay, there's, actually content like right around me all the time you gotta dive a little bit deeper. What do your parents do for a living? I mean how I just wondering: what's your background um, oh my mom's, a fragrance designer like she makes perfumes and stuff like that and sells them, and then my dad's a bartender. You know we just developed a fragrance for we're, making a ca. It's it's a total tangent, but I thought you might appreciate it being the son of a fragrance maker. We developed a you know. You know uh gwyneth, paltrow's goop. She made this smells like my vagina candle, the yoni stuff. I don't know it has a spiritual name. It was like yes, oh yeah, I think, isn't yo any like the like conscious. I don't even want to talk about it. Yeah the conscious life that spell yeah yeah yeah. It was like they were selling something related to gwyneth paltrow. That was yeah. She she gets all the cuckoo uh, all the cuckoo stuff, but she made a candle called. It smells like my vagina, and so I made I developed a candle to uh contrast. Hers called it smells like my butthole and we developed a we developed, a really good [, __ ] smell and we and we put in a candle. So that's coming this holiday season. That's an announcement here today exclusive. How did you get the uh the scent from your butthole? You know. Well, we didn't sample my butthole. We went to the laboratory and we went to the top scientists. Mines in the country had them developed because they, I said look I don't want something. That's just like smells like your typical, like sulfur ass. I need something. That's like a little musty a little pubie not like. I need the whole package, and so I think they really delivered on that. It's a general [, __ ] smell, not mine in particular, so it's just a generic anus candle, yes, okay, I'll, be purchasing. I tried to get the I tried to get pubes in it. I wanted to put little black threads in the wax, but everyone vetoed. They thought it was too gross yeah. But I my theory, and you you tell me because you I mean you're, a worldly man, if you're going all out on an [, __ ] scented candle, you might as well throw the pubes in there. That's all gas snow breaks. Yeah. I've always said that. So since we're talking about I just I want to just shout out liam, he was a fan of the podcast. He was the guy who reached out to us. He's he's the fragrance maestro and he's probably watching right now. So how did that happen? He just reached out and was like hey you guys, yeah. You said it yeah. You said it as a joke on the show and he emailed me and he was like uh that's what I do [Laughter] so sick, so um. What do your parents think about it? I feel like my parents would be terribly nervous and scared for me all the time. Do you think I'm 23 now and I've been doing stuff like this, for, like maybe five or six years, I probably started hitchhiking when I was about 17 and just like doing dangerous american travel. When I was pretty young, so I don't think that I kind of broke them in a long time ago. I mean it's kind of like when there's a bad kid he's like really shitty when he's like 11. by the time he's 17 his parents like kick him out. You know, I mean they just don't give a [, __ ], you say quote dangerous: do you find that it's dangerous so have you found any? What's? Has anything crazy happen? You were like, oh man, this probably isn't safe out hitchhiking and traveling the road dude straight up, like only college environments, because, okay, let's say like you're at a like a conference like you, can get your press pass, revoked they'll just be like hey, please leave or if you're, at a football game. Security will just say: hey get out of here, dude like when I've done shoots at like university of alabama and in michigan like if the top dog of the frat house, like pulls your bro card, like you can get like your ass kicked. That's the only times. I've ever been in danger is like uh, that's so funny, probably the university of alabama football game. I guess word got around that. I wasn't like from there and I was like a west coast guy or something, and that was just in the streets. Yeah dude I mean people know especially my college content is like always sort of like shocking humor. So they're like hey this guy's, making fun of us. Let's, basically, let's take him out and he might be a liberal and then before you, oh, no, the worst crime of all yeah. So tell me what happened. Why did you feel in danger? Just because I mean those are the people who can fight in the streets without going to prison. You know those are the people who are jacked up on testosterone and feel like entitled to like you know, providing so nothing particular happened. You just were got around. You got spooked and got out of there. No I've just had people to grab the mic from me right. You know what I mean be like. Oh you want this like that kind of aggressive [, __ ], I've had people start fighting each other, while we've been filming one time. I was at university of alabama and like this, this kid came up. He was like this rich, jordanian kid. I guess he was the son of a coca-cola executive. I didn't realize this. He starts like freestyling and he's like yo sing, barely even coherent words, and this other bro comes up with like a trump hat and he's like he's like you. Can't [ __ ], you can't [ __ ] rap for [ __ ] and then the dude was like [ __ ] you and then I don't know what happened, but they started just like fighting and I was in between them with the microphone and then mike went flying and it became like a 20 person brawl it's on patreon yeah, I'm gonna say you know what I gotta get on patreon, because uh I've seen all your videos, and I haven't seen that yeah. It's called roll tide episode, one I'll check that out man. That sounds like good content. So here you are, this is your rv. I guess you can't see it, but the people can see it. So you really cruise around in this coachman rv. This is your. You live in this with three with two other dudes yeah, two other dudes yeah I've been living in it since last since august 15th 2019, now that you're working for absolutely you might your ass might be flying your ass might be flying. I prefer to live in the rv, but my ass might be flying yeah. Your ass might be flying now. Man, you changed bro, I'm insane you're going hollywood. I missed the audience, I'm gonna get the la apartment and change up hot tub, jet ski lifestyle. So are the two dudes you said: they're best friends, they're the ones that, just together, you guys make all the videos yeah. It's my high school bff college, bff, evan and nick the best of both worlds, the best friends in the world. So how do you guys delegate your duties? How are, is it just the three of you working on the show? Yeah? Definitely so, who does what nick does the camera work exclusively and some of the editing evan does like the producing? So he like will call up people and get the press passes. He also runs audio and second camera and release forms. Oh that's why I do all the interviewing and then, like the far majority of the editing? It's really oh you do you do a lot of the editing, almost all of it. Yeah wow the editing is a beautiful thing. My dude I mean inspired by tim and eric. I would assume right. Are there at least that whole genre, yeah vic, burger, yeah vic? Is the man that guy's the editing god dude yeah big inspiration, um. So what is it like living in an rv with three dudes I mean I, I gotta imagine there's some logistical issues that arise from that. Can you think of some logistical issues? I could address each one: okay, masturbation walmart, uh, you drip off in walmart possible. Yeah, you go in the bathroom with jerkball and where do you swear? Do you not in the toilet in the sink? That's not! It depends. You know it's a day by day thing [Laughter], because I I mean. Obviously you got young three young men on the road. Together I mean it's got to be an issue yeah, it's actually not that much. I mean we're, not always in the rv. At the same time, there is times where you're alone in the rv, okay, you guys put up a sign if the rv is well, usually you would say if it's a rock and don't come and knock, but I wouldn't assume that anyone's jerking it that furiously, I mean you got to just figure out when your your friends are not going to be in the rv, like oh we're, going to starbucks. I know that's 15 minutes done like when the parents used to leave the house and [ __ ]. So is there a toilet and shower in there or yeah? So there is a toilet, but we don't use it because there was an incident that happened in tucson, so our septic tank for I'm gonna give you a history of the septic tank of the rv real quick, because there's two critical stories to understand so we bought this rv it hadn't been driven in like 10 years turns out. The person from massachusetts is a retired firefighter based on the stickers that were left on the rv big firefighter shits were all over the rv septic tank. It turned into like a brick of [ __ ] that I guess was like condensed and like fossilized. Mummified is a better word over the years and um we had a friend over we're in reno, whatever our home girl was in the rv, and you know you're not supposed to just [ __ ] in someone's rv, but it's also awkward to tell someone not to [ __ ] in the rv. If you don't know them that well, you said I don't want to just cover up like hey, don't [ __ ], because you assume that no one is just going to go and take a crazy dump in your rv bathroom. So like I go out to get like a coffee or something when I come back and I'm like oh where's, the where's the home, yet oh, my god, [ __ ] in the rv, because I knew me me and my friend like, oh no, no, oh god! No, she comes out and dude. It was an outhouse in there. So we had to get it cleared in las vegas. By like an rv septic specialist. He said he had to take two power drills from both sides and just like, like drill into this [ __ ] brick. Until it was like a fine dust that could be like wow, that's [, __, ] story, one [, __, ] story: two was in tucson. We got caught slip and started taking more shits in it, because you once one person takes the [ __ ] in the rv, it's like all civility's off and people just start going for it. You know, I don't know why well tell me: does it just smell? What's the problem with [ __ ] in the rv toilet? Does it just this? It just [, __ ] sits there [ __ ] sits there. We typically are in the southwest, where it's hot, so that desert heat heats up. The septic tank and the fumes come rocketing out of like the uh, the toilet hole and they just come straight to the driver's seat. So you guys kind of just hot box. Your own rv was [ __ ]. So this second [ __ ] story is worse, so we're in tucson right there's. This neighborhood called like barrio anita. It's a super cute like adobe neighborhood north of downtown we're rolling around, and my friend sees out of the side, mirror that our septic is, we call it. Hot shotting is spraying [, __ ] out of the side of the rv onto people's cars and all that and we're right outside of our friend's house. We're like oh she's, gonna, be so [ __, ] pissed. If we don't figure out this [ __ ], so we're like. Oh my god, you know what we have to just dump this illegally. So he's like we're like we have no option hit her right. We go into this like dark parking lot. We think it's like all good perfect to dump it's so dark. So we just pull the lever and like 50, gallons of [, __ ] comes out and we're like. Oh man like we feel so bad, but whatever it's just an abandoned parking lot, because we couldn't see anything. So our friend puts the flashlight on it and it just says elementary school for the deaf and blind we're like. Oh, my god. No, it felt so bad. We're like holy [, __ ], so we actually brought like buckets over and cleaned up our own [ __ ]. So do you guys use the toilet to this day or are that strictly off limits? Uh well, hydrated pee can go in there yeah? Oh, so you guys you guys. Even have you guys say if you're dehydrated, we don't even pee in this one. I don't think we say that, but it's more of an unspoken thing that rv life is no joke. So what do you so you guys generally try to stop off and [ __ ] like a gas station or something like that gas station is always the move you know, but then again I don't like I like, when it's one stall and not multiple stalls, because the people who shoot at gas stations are gross yeah. You don't want to you, don't want to share that experience with anyone. Yeah truckers, especially some of the truckers at pilot flying j truck stops, are like [ __ ] kings. How does your coffee affect that kind of lifestyle? Covid yeah I had south by southwest in cancun, and then it was like one night: everything in austin closed down, all of our favorite bars shut down, and so we drove from austin to seattle in three days to quarantine. We just like went from having a great time to just like 12 hours of driving a day and the most boring month of my life wow. I got so bored that I was recording rap music. That's what I was getting. I was freestyling into my computer over like 50 instrumentals. That's how weird it was yeah did anything good come with that any fire songs, yeah, no well you're out there now you're doing your thing it doesn't seem like covet, has slowed you down at all. It has because you know we we ordinarily would be covering a bunch of events every month and it's led to everything getting canceled. Basically, so I don't know the coronavirus. Lockdown protest, it's one of my favorite videos. We did that and we did minneapolis and now we've just been covering people, not social, distancing and stuff, like that yeah. It kind of makes for good content, though in a way doesn't it, especially because no other journalists are out here doing it, they're not willing they're, not they literally can't because they're sponsored by organizations that won't give them the green light right. Do you have any of you guys suspected that you've caught it because you're in these situations and you're always wearing masks and being responsible, but the people around you are not and they say, masks protect other people from you, not necessarily you from other people. You know. I think that I had it in texas back in march, but I quarantined for three weeks and then I tested a negative. We get tested pretty pretty frequently so no I have to because I mean I don't want to give it to anybody and I'm always around old people. Do you, how do you get tested when you're crossing the country? Do you find that it's easy to get tested, because that's something that's obviously urgent care is like 175 bucks boom. That's what I do whenever I feel like. I have been around a large I'm about to do it tomorrow after portland. That's smart, you're, very responsible. I like that about you thanks um dude, when you enter a room or an event, you have this knack. You have like for finding the weirdest wildest person in the room. Tell me about your process of like finding the right person to talk to, because you know like in florida, man, you you'll, just you'll, see someone walking on the street like that one dude in the short shorts and just like correct me, if I'm understanding the situation wrong, but you just saw this dude on the street and pulled over and like yo dude, let's chat yep, how do you? What do you say to him to initiate the combo? I don't know certain things I just just. Do I guess like um, how do you explain who you are? What do you say? Hey man, I'm making a documentary the thing about characters is that they love to be on camera. They don't care what you're doing. I remember like I'll tell them. This is all gas, no breaks and we'll finish the thing on the like. What was it, what was it called again? Yeah they don't. Even they don't even care, and if you go into a convention, any every funny enthusiastic person is going to run towards the camera and just start going nuts. It still, it seems, like you, have a talent to get them to feel comfortable because they they just seem like they don't care they. Let you record everything um. I love these people because I think your style is, I don't know if you're familiar with louis thoreau, the documentarian, but he has a similar style where um he's very unjudgmental and very passive and accepting of all people as strange as they are and like that makes people feel very uh, welcome and open, and he gets the best interviews out of people. I feel like you share that characteristic with him yeah. I do this one thing that he does that I kind of got from watching him where, even if you know the answer to something, you still ask it, you just act sort of naive and curious right totally like like. Do you if you're like a mega rally or something you're like hey? Why do you support trump? Like you kind of know what they're gonna say in a way, but you just you, keep oh wow interesting like you, just keep going, keep probing. He does that, like he's a smart, dude he'll go into contexts where he knows he'll go to like a west borough, baptist church and say how do you feel about you know gay people, you say stuff like where he knows the answer and I'm like why, and he just keeps that's really smart and like not a lot of journalists, do that a lot of journalists operate on this. Like I already know thing, therefore, I'm going to ask like a level five question like insane question, because I already know the base levels, but he keeps cool he's such an inspiration he's a genius yeah. I love him. He really is I I am. I find that sometimes, when you ask that base level like level one question you what you actually get when you think you knew the answer surprises you that's actually a really good point. You know that happens all the time yeah, especially it's conspiracy conventions where everyone's got their own little crazy thing like the flat earth conference. The disagreements among different bullet points of the flat earth model is crazy. Man are those are those some of the wildest people you've met, because that that can that's one of the conspiracies that you really have to suspend like such a level of disbelief in your mind that you're pretty much willing to accept anything that, I would say, they're the scariest people. I've met really in what way, dude that that shit's all about jews. I was, I noticed that that was that. How was it that the jews are behind round earth like damn? Can we get a break? I? Actually. The idea is that jews control all the money. The idea and nasa gets a bunch of money for space projects, but the money for the space projects, because there is no space, because the earth is flat goes into the pocket of nasa and then funnels back up into this global jewish banking system. So it's just a giant money laundering scheme, yeah, it's giant money laundering scheme and it's all about the earth and the shape of it. That's that is the basis of the decision. The whole flat earth thing just because it's like. Why would people go through such an extreme measure of convincing the entire world just to launder some money? There's got to be better ways: hey man, I mean you're talking about flat earthers here they're, like you know, self-proclaimed skeptics, you know like I don't believe with the lies it's like, but you believed that the earth was flat because someone on facebook told you yeah. I just don't understand like this new generation of, like I guess, not new generation, but like emboldened movement of like right-wing skeptics right. They believe the most insane [ __ ]. Ever there is a conspiracy to anything it does seem like most skeptics slash. Conspiracy, theorists are tend to be right, wink and I don't know why that is uh yeah, there's like right. I mean it seems like the that conspiratorial paranoid thinking tends to lead to the right, maybe because they're, like they're, in support of gun, gun, [, __, ] right and also like the woke left, like kind of those conscious influencers like uh, they believe in like chemtrails and 5g. Oh, do they yeah? Well, I wasn't aware of that. Yeah. I was the flat earth one. I noticed two things. There was a common thread: hating jews and rapping. Why are so many flat, earthers rappers dude, every one in five people has some bars. Is that so interesting dude tell me the truth. Do you ask people if they have raps when you're interviewing them? Yes, yeah yeah, it's like! Why is everyone you talk to rapping dude, that's genius! It's genius, though it's so funny! Oh, it's so fun. Do you find it? I find it ironic also that a lot of people who have quote bars tend to be like, for example, look at like the lady who was at the don the don jr, but like she's out there rapping right and then you go. Oh, are you a fan of hip-hop? No hell, no hell. No. What is that um? She doesn't like hip-hop because she's racist yeah, but she raps so yeah, but I mean I don't know man we're talking birmingham alabama suburbs right now, like I don't know where you get there but like that was crazy. She didn't ask me to rap. She tried to sell me her mixtape and I was in disbelief, I'm at the donald trump junior book signing and this like 80 year old lady named pam was like. Would you like to buy my mixtape? What what? Where are we like? That was one of my favorites hold? That's a number! That's the uh fourth or the third clip. Let's watch that, so she um is that how she initiated the conversation with you. She was trying to sell you a mixtape, yes damn, but she doesn't like hip-hop. I mean guys think about this. Think about it, god damn it. He goes. No. I, like elvis conway to indeed the country classics. I was like holy [, __ ]. She gave me her cd. It has one song and it's like the only cd in my car and so every time the radio is not working. Someone always pressures the cd option. That's oh my god. Here he is her. Husband looks like a elvis impersonator. You know what is this guy for real this guy right here tonight to get a book and to give this to don junior? Oh man, it's a special day. Can I see this? This is a rap song and I wrote it yes and it's been playing on the rick and bubba show. So what's your name little p, what does p stand for? Pam glass? We are trump supporters down to the bone, so this is the reason I wrote this song so listen to what I've got to say and he'll make america great one day, vote trump yeah baby vote trump he's a businessman with a presidential plan sent down here to heal our land. So when you hear this funky sound you're, gonna know that trump is around. He only wants save for all. This is why he has them built in the wall. He's brought our jobs back around and put our feet on solid ground. So don't you listen to the lies? They say cause trump is making us great today, anyway, it just keeps going on and on and in the background, wait keep playing. Oh so tell me how your rap career started, riding down the road just thinking about it, yeah. Thank you so much for rapping. Are you a big fan of the hip-hop genre? Not really, but I am a big trump supporter. If you had to pick who are your three favorite rappers, I don't have any rappers. We don't listen to rap, it's incredible how her husband's hair is so black at that age, yeah, all-natural um. I wanted to show these kids god these all these people are so wild in this video at the book signing man. How do you find, for example, this specific event in such a specific location? Uh? I don't even know. I guess we just like look up. Events like we kind of know where we're going to drive. We can look along the route like. Oh, let's start driving from like miami to texas would be like. Oh georgia, events, louisiana events, you just kind of look for stuff, that's along the route and we figure it out and we got blessed with that don junior book reading that was so epic. His girlfriend was there. I mean this was like a serious official event right. I know I interviewed her a second time and just like didn't remember who I was oh yes, I was like. I was like casually speaking. Are you dating don jr and she was like yes, and I was just like she's like no seriously. She got coronavirus. Oh, she did yeah recently at a trump event. What's her name again something kimberly, guilfoyle, yeah um, I want to show you these kids, because I did a double take. I was like wait. Did I hear that right here? That's trump 2020, you feel me. Epstein didn't, kill himself hey drain the swamp trump uh gaze for trump. What's your favorite thing about trump? Oh honestly, I think it's because he's racist. That's your favorite thing about him, yeah bro! What I was like did I hear that right there you have it. Somebody said it. I think he was trolling, but you know specific kind of like troll yeah um has has all these uh road trips around america changed your outlook on america at all, yeah. Definitely! Well, it's so crazy, because I was hopeful when I first hit the road and then I became super like nihilistic. After just going to all these crazy events and seeing how like lost a lot of people are and stuff like that, but then the way our audience has grown, maybe hopefully again that makes sense, yeah yeah it does and like how many people are responding to this like sort of ethnography that we're doing definitely, I would find it very difficult not to become kind of jaded or nihilistic. I mean there's definitely that vive vibe conveyed, although you're really kind of rubbing shoulders with the fringes, the absolute fringe of society so like when see I've not really traveled. These areas that you frequent, like you know this. A lot of the midwest southern places are people generally all like this? No definitely not. Actually you get crazier types on the coasts, I mean think about. Every type of person is in california and the wet. I can't think of it. You got there's rednecks in california, there's the looks, there's burners every dude, california, you know, there's places on the west coast have a greater diversity of personalities, but if you want a concentration of people like that, like you just saw you're, probably better off in the south, but most people are just living. You know they're not going to don junior's book signing to celebrate, triggered. You know uh, as I understand it. Your first big hit with all gas no brakes was your burning man. Video. Is that correct, yeah. Those are just the first videos period. I don't know if it was the first smash hit, but it was the first videos. So was it an immediate hit? The burning man not immediate, but I think it went pretty hard. I don't know where our growth's been pretty steady but trying to think of the most explosive stuff that we made the reason yeah you're kind of right burning man was pretty good. I mean the recent stuff went off really hard. Like your recent fourth of july, yeah celebrate our first, like three million view: youtube video yeah, that's awesome, but the burning man, video, a lot of people wanted to sue you for that video right yeah, particularly that one dude dj soft baby. I don't know if any of you guys were able to catch that before it went down. Oh yeah I'll tell you how this happened, because this is really funny. I think I can speak about it because I'm not using his government name, so this dude rich guy from massachusetts walking around with just gold leggings and no shirt on like basically walking around. I noticed because there's like soup kitchens that burning man where people go at all hours of the night to get free food, there was this chowder spot. You know in the playa there and he kept running up to the the chef and being like. Oh, this is so [ __ ] good like he was like this is the best life like melting down, and I was like that. Dude is so high on molly. So I went up to him and I was like hey man like you, want to be in a documentary and he was like and then uh he came over. He was like you know, going all crazy and he we just did this interview about like molly is like a therapeutic thing. It was really funny. He was just like, don't be doing some [ __ ] moon rocks you find on the ground and he was just like being really funny started dancing with the shirt off for like 20 minutes. Just this awesome dancing, he signed a release form. I believe something like that. It was all good. So we leave burning man, we post a video and like within. I think two hours like not only is the post down but like the page is down and the ip address has been like flagged so like it was terrifying. We thought the whole thing was over wow. That was one of our first videos. Moral of the story is burning man's a hard place to film, because a lot of those people were like high paid silicon valley. You know tech types they go to burning man's, be crazy, but they're not as crazy as they seem there yeah yeah. That was a legal nightmare. Actually I probably would not go back to burning man again to film. That's crazy! So wait. You've posted the video. Where did you post it where it was removed, instagram, instagram and with two hours it was shut down huh and you ended up in litigation with this guy too? No, definitely not I mean I think he was content with it being taken down, and then you just edited him out and put it back up yeah, but that that's one of my favorite clips of all time that sucks, oh yeah, we gotta is that resurface somewhere on the internet blink twice. If I could find that on the internet there you go, that's what's up dude um. So do you prepare like release forms- and you have everyone sign it when you record them yeah, we do most of the time I mean we learned our lesson a few times, one time in alabama. I had these. These girls, like college girls, like came on camera, and they were just like. I would let trump like [ __ ] on my face, like all this crazy trump stuff is just like. I love trump they're like I would even let baron trump hit it. I post that and then had lawsuit threats. I had private investigators with alabama area codes, harassing my mom. What you got my family's phone number they're harassing my family. Damn! Oh, my god. Yeah release forms are crucial now more with college students because they have they have more growing to do and they have more to lose. We don't get release forms from like people in their 40s and 50s who are at you know: music, festivals. They don't sue you unless they're like obviously rich. It's the kids parents who sue right 18 to 18 to 22 year olds, their parents will stew the [ __ ]. Out of you. Do you find that? Well in the example of this guy you, the dj, babyface or whatever you had the release, form right, uh, it's possible, but it's also possible. We didn't- I don't really remember, but either way, really you can't. If you work hard enough, you can avoid a release form by saying that you were on drugs right right, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a hard case to make, but you can definitely make the case if your lawyers are good consent at the time at the time he was super stoked on it. Well, that's the that definitely is the effect of md. That's funny, though man do you find that I I I have to imagine that a lot of these interviews either go wrong or at a certain point maybe people cat you catch a lot of [, __ ]. After the fact when people go hey this guy's kind of making fun of me actually so do you have ever p? Do you have any stories of like people contacting you directly and talking to them, or is it just kind of the weird problem? Honestly, it's been happening less and less, because I'm trying to move the brand further away from like gotcha type [ __ ], where I seem super legitimate and it ends up being like a meme thing. I'm trying to get more towards like not overly political, but I want to make it so when I pull up somewhere and people recognize me, they don't think that I'm going to only make fun of them. They see that I might do some making fun of them, but I also want to get what they're saying across so like I don't want. I want to have some duality where I can't be pigeonholed as like a borat bruno type, where it's like. This is a troll right, because that will end up like harming it when you're trying to shoot and people recognize you yeah. Are you worried about a day when, maybe let's say you make a show with appso and it becomes like, like a big show? Are you worried that it might prevent your ability to catch interviews? No because it actually makes more people be down to interview because people love the show like, for example, when I was in portland, there was a bunch of like antifa protesters. They never do interviews with anyone, but because they were fans of my minneapolis content. I got like five or six interviews with people in full black block gear like telling me their demands, so I got a lot of [ __ ] that otherwise wouldn't have been possible without the fan base. Yeah, that's kind of a really great thread through your story, because I feel like with a lot of people like you, you name like borat sasha bear cohen's character because because he specifically lampoons people, if they know him, there's like I'm not going to participate. But in your case I think you're right that that people will be encouraged if they know who you are yeah, I mean if everyone in the marquette michigan fourth of july video knew who we were every person. That's why I knew I saw a lot of people referencing your name and your show and stuff yeah. I mean dude sam's working on our advantage and if it doesn't I'll, just get a buzz cut or something right, yeah, there's always that option. Rebrand bro I used to have hair just like you. When I was in high school where'd, you grow up uh in ventura, california, you don't know where it's near l.a, suburban valley kind of, but I use I got like a gnarly dandruff bro and I had to get rid of it. You have that problem, no, not so much anymore, because I got the hair and shoulders, but there was a time man, especially in my high school years. I was flaked out, flanked out bro. I was snowing on everybody, man yeah. I got the head and shoulders too. I wasn't cutting it, but I use I actually rock head and shoulders to this day so weird. So, where do you guys live in la I'm, trying to find like an area to rent an apartment? And it's like that's cool uh we live in west los angeles. Is that right dan I mean technically yeah, so I mean anywhere in la is great yeah. You know yeah uh you just as long as you're preparing for having to drive places. You know I'm going to buy a car, I'm pretty sure when they get down there. Yeah, I feel like anywhere is, is good. I think you, I think you find a nice a lot of nice places, you'll, probably be working. I know there, there are offices in like burbank or something so there's a lot of things. Yeah weird, I think, there's a lot of nice places around there valley do you do you know how um those two guys, those three guys really dave eric and tim would be involved in and the production of of a show you make with them? Ah, no I've never done this yeah yeah for editing, helping with editing and just you know, being there I mean they're, really good references like uh they're, just awesome, there's some legends man um. I was wondering about your videos. It feels so effortless, but it makes me wonder: does it sometimes happen when you go somewhere and you feel like you can't get the right footage or it's not interesting enough or yeah? It happens. All the time. Yeah definitely had a couple shoots that we weren't able to make a video out of just a matter of not getting down on yourself, especially during this quarantine time. It's got to be frustrating right, like I've been there like I'll make a video. I know that feeling you like. If I find a really good topic, and then I just I try so hard to make it work, but it just doesn't work and I I can see like yeah, but you you drive to a place, you go you do it. I mean like, what's an example of a video that you guys attempted that didn't work out that you put a lot of. I think that we did the the way we did the border security expo video didn't work very well. I liked that video yeah yeah- I just didn't like it, because it was just so heavy on editing and music yeah yeah. You feel like there's no way I had this area where, like I, was like I'll, we'll salvage a lot of these clips by like blasting them with meme music, and now it's like. I want to get back to that. Like original raw thing of like no music minimal editing, that's the [ __ ]. I love your interviewing technique. When you interview people, I've noticed this. Would you put a mic in someone's face, you don't have to say anything and you, I don't say anything dude. I love that that you just nod very affirming, like I'm with you all the way dude, I'm like you know what I mean hell yeah and you just put the mic in their face. Man and like they'll, say something eventually like I. I forgot what video was but uh, I was, I think, was the area 51 where there was the two officers and the one. The second officer didn't want to say anything, but you just put the mic in his face. Yeah he just started nodding and he just he was forced. He had to say something. It was awesome. I love it. I just did it to the feds in portland, like I said it was pretty and it worked right. I mean it worked, it worked. What are some? Is there any memorable moments on the road of stuff you had to cut that was too wild, so I went to the avn expo in uh vegas and I made really good friends with these two actors, which is sean, lawless and kendra cox and uh, like we sort of started joking like who writes the scripts for story-based porn movies, you know because some of the setup is just so bad and I wonder who is you know, assigned to create the drama that leads to like the porn scene? So they let me write like a script for them and I wrote the script and I actually played the distressed, husband and then shot. Kendra was my wife and sean was the cable guy who was sent to fix the uh, the tv that was broken because circuit city sold us a defective tv, and I wanted to watch uh the emoji movie. So I just made this crazy plotline um, that's on pornhub only it is yeah. Oh that's great! What's the title, I think it's like nerdy suit man gets wiped banged by big [ __, ], cable, guys. This man gets banged by a cable guy or dirty suit man. Let's start with that. One man porn. You said it's on pornhub: let's take a look: nerdy suit man's bbw, wife, [, __ ] by big [ __, ], hell yeah. I think that might be it. I just want to see the setup. I wrote the whole thing. This is awesome dude here I'll play the audio. Oh, my god, oh [, __ ] I've had the longest day at work. Let me this is one. Let me get this straight. You guys were at the avn and you're just like. Let's go shoot a porno in your hotel room, that's what it looks like yeah! Well, I would just make. I was interviewing them about script. Writing and I was like they're like do you want to do it? I was like like write a script for the porno. I was like an x-ray in the porno, but not nude. You can add that to your um to your imdb, writing credits. Bro! Let me get. Let me get a picture of him he's a huge porn star. Let me see his face. Oh yeah. I've seen him so many times. Bro there you go all gas, no breaks, you even got the title: credit man, oh my gosh, oh so you're, there the whole time while they're [, __ ] your dad watch your board. Oh dude. No, so he's interviewing them as they're having sex she's riding him. Absolutely look where we are. How about you? Are your parents, proud, really nice view from the window too? Actually what does this tattoo mean? Is yeah my ex-boyfriend put it back there. It's probably going to be a hard question, but what's the worst decision you've ever made, I don't really have too many bad decisions. I think uh. So his [ __ ] is she's in her right now. She's! Writing. She knows what about you, man. What's your biggest regret in life, but I didn't do this sooner yeah. I worked the desk job and it sucked. I worked 40 hours a week, making dick money and they're stuck everybody awesome. I realized I could have been doing this the whole time and I like big tits and big ass, and I like big women and she ain't a lady unless she's 180 all gas, no brakes there, you have it. I wonder like. Was it all worth it [Music]? Okay? Well, that there's your one episode that can only be found on pornhub pornhub exclusive uh. What was it like being on set during a porn? But I guess it wasn't really on set. It looks like it was just two people, [ __ ] in a hotel room kind of it was gross. Was it it looked kind of gross? Wasn't it it's kind of gross? You look horrified because the cameraman were also head. Butters. I don't know, I don't know anyone knows that wait. Your cameraman got popped, a woody. No, it's not his cameraman the cameraman work with the adult he had a woody yeah. They always do no way. I thought you would get desensitized and his he's just got a boner bulging in his pants yeah, that's nars bro! So weird did you comment on it? No, I just stuck out of my mind I feel like I wish. We got a comment from him. Maybe he was the husband of the girl. Oh, he was filming it. Oh! So that's like okay, I guess yeah. I guess I guess that's a little bit more forgivable, yeah yeah, it's very forgivable. He was mad cool too. He was like wasted. He's awesome he's like. I can't wait to watch this [ __ ], okay, yeah dude get it. That makes sense. It's his thing. Yeah! That's his thing! God bless us um! Do you I gotta get over to patreon man. It sounds like all the good shit's over there. What's your patreon, where how do we find you all gas, no breaks on patreon yeah? You have a lot of support there. Man, uh dude, it's it's amazing. When I went over there the amount of uh support you guys over. There is fantastic, I'm very happy for you. I was just I was having the mic in your face moment, but it wasn't working going to be in the same room. I think. Oh, there was this, so I want to watch some clips together. Okay, some some parts that stuck out to me. What do you make of these people who are protesting? The the lockdown? Aren't you closed? I closed it guys well, as as we can see we're having a second wave now because of the people who refuse to follow the guidelines at first so and trump's wearing a mask. A lot of people are dying, dude herman cain died today, herman cain died. He died today and you know what what he got covered from the tulsa [ __ ] rally, bro what I said my camera crew was out there holy [, __ ]. He went to herman cain died from the tulsa rally. Yes, herman cain her owner of little caesars. Yes, you know that he wait. He owns little seizures. His family has a part ownership of little caesar's pizza. I know he was the ceo of some pizza company. Maybe I'm wrong about that. Maybe that's fully inferred information. I'd like to think that herman cain is the ceo of little caesars. He know he owns some pizza place. I don't think it's a little seizures hermes seizures, my god. Well, I've been saying little seizures for a while. It's just fun, saying it, because it herman cain pizza, pizza, business. He owned some pizza, [, __ ]. I never heard of like uh, it's called uh. This is important, godfather's pizza, what some are not little caesars anyway, he went to the tulsa rally. He proudly posted a picture of him without a mask with his whole possum, oh, my god, and now he died of covid. It does yeah. This is happening. I think a lot of those people who were at the um at the coroner's lockdown protest. They just fall victim to information circles. You know these are like pretty concentrated facebook groups, they're echo chambers. I always say that you know when the internet first came out. The idea was that we're going to have a more well-informed public that was going to have access to ideas in the left right, middle whatever, but really just seems to create, like different bubbles of people like on the far right, far left and the people at the coronavirus. Lockdown protest for very much right-wing conspiracy queuing on flat earth or types they only communicate with each other. So there's the question of how much are they falling victim to this? And how much are they antagonizing it it's a hard one to think about. I mean yeah, it's pretty sad. I mean once people actually start dying, I don't I don't have any will against them. I mean no me, neither no. I know totally it's totally sad and actually it's how I see it happening a lot now. A lot of these cove truthers are catching the virus and they're dying, although I think it would bring people together because it's just it's a this virus is like a common enemy. We all have to fight the same thing yeah. I kind of lost a lot of faith in our institution and just the fabric of our society when something like a pandemic can become a political issue. It just it just struck me as so bizarre- and you know now we're in this situation, where people are desperate to reopen schools and reopen the economy but like we. If we just did it right. The first time, we'd be all good by now, like most other wealthy countries, just friends, that's the thing you said other countries, it's like people forget that it's global. It's like this, isn't just like a trump versus biden. You know like patriot versus like snowflake thing. This is like every country. So was it political in italy? No, it's not in israel. It's not. I don't know nowhere else, dude, maybe england, maybe brazil, these kind of uh. It just seems like like when I was telling my friends in israel that there is a whole discussion here about. If you should wear a mask or not, they were like what yeah. Well there you go. That's crazy! You can't even say that, because over here it's such an issue- yeah, you know I was just. I was in bismarck. North dakota dude went past a packed bar with no one wearing a mask. I was like yeah. Do you find it odd that people? I see this a lot online that people blaming the whole uh. You can't even really call it a second wave, it's the first wave just up, but people are blaming the increase in cases on protests, and I find that really bizarre. You don't think it could be like related at all. I think. For the most part, most studies have shown that that the protest didn't play a big part, and I think when you see it on camera, you see wow, look at all these people right and you think man. This is a disaster, but when you compare what was how many people were at rallies, like you know, 10 000, 20, 30 000., when you compare that to the population of entire state, it's really a drop in the bucket. I mean it's the reopening, it's the people at the bars it's people at the restaurants. It's people indoors not wearing masks that are really spreading the virus. You look at a state like florida. How many people live in florida like 30 million or something like that? I don't know 20 million yeah they're, all like sweating and making out on the beach at all times, right, yeah, passing joints and cigarettes and stuff sharing beers. I mean and you're talking about millions and millions of people so like. If you just it's easy to look at protesters on the street like that's, they are the specific reason why we're here but like it really is a drop in the bucket and, unfortunately, george floyd didn't choose the time to be murdered right. You had coronavirus too yeah, interesting yeah. I also noticed that they tried to say that's why he died and not the dude whose knee was dig dug into his neck. Oh, my god, people come up with any reason other than that why he died yeah. It's amazing. We can argue about anything but- and you heard you ever heard- uh george floyd's old music and that song sitting on top of the world by big floyd like some old school houston, screwed, up click, [, __, ] man, george floyd's music, was dope. He was a really like a real legendary rapper in houston in the 90s. You know dj screw like old school houston, [, __, ], no, no well. Dj's crew was like a pioneer of like screwed up music in houston, which is like kind of like codeine influence like slowed down music like chopped and screwed. He invented that him and george floyd, whose rap name was big floyd. They kicked it. Super tough and big floyd made a bunch of songs and one of them called sitting on top of the world is like the most haunting song because he really is sitting on top of the world right now, and I did not hear that check that [ __ ] out for sure hmm wow. Where was this one? I want to show you this moment and when you're at the rally to protest, the lockdown and a dude comes up to you and coughs in your face, yeah sort of he more coughs in another dude's face oh yeah. Here it is, and I am bouncing off the walls of my living room, because I can't go out california, not communism. Everybody cough in my face. Do it somebody come cough in my face yes puff directly in your face yeah, I'm not sure this guy just doesn't have a fetish that he's disguising as being a covet. Truther he's a flat earther too I'm just putting that out there. Oh, he is wow, I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna, give him any free exposure, but yeah that dude his name is jake and he's a flat earther. That doesn't surprise me at all man, this guy, this guy, whatever it is, he is, it is he's still alive. Do you know no way? I never did put on hand sanitizer ever and I don't ever wash my hands. Can you believe that it's like dude, okay, we're talking about like the fact that you don't ever wash your hands, isn't really a debate here, but it's like yes dude. I believe you yeah, you don't have to worry about that he's like not only is covent fake. All viruses are fake. I have never washed my hands, believe it because it's true, in my opinion, we're looking at a seasonal flu in a bunch of fake death numbers go ahead. America touch your face. Go out and have sex and don't worry about touching anything you [, __ ], touch anything and everything. It makes your immune system stronger. I used to be afraid of raw eggs and raw meat, and now I drink raw eggs and I eat raw meat and I have been for years and I'm [ __ ], fine everything. I don't think so. Are you yeah? I think this guy's gotta affected you in some way, but wow pretty sure that guy's got a brain, a parasite. What camera? What camera? Do you guys use? Is it like I've never heard of this sorry, I'm trying I'm trying to control this sorry go ahead. Is it like old school? Well, we have what we call big cami, which is like a 2004 like shitty giant panasonic, that we bought off this like cuban dad in kendall florida, and then we have the nice camera, which is like 3 500 bucks, which is like a sony alpha mm-hmm you guys use like or is it digital the big one? It's digital yeah, the first like crop of digital cameras to come out uh. It's awesome! It looks great pretty much true. 911 was an inside job. No one's ever walked on the moon, the vaccines are poison. Can you cough in my face dude see. People are too they're too scared to even cough. When you ask it's like it's, not we don't have it. Okay, I mean yeah. I don't need to argue with these people. Do you remember a lot about the the people you meet on the streets? You seem to have a keen memory about all of the people you meet yep. Do you have a good memory in general or do people just stand out to you? I have really good memory. I actually have the best memory. I don't know I don't know. I think so. I remember like a lot of people, although I don't think I would forget these are kind of unforgettable people. You run across everybody in the videos. I remember a lot about because they made a depression on me. Yeah yeah factors into the editing process. I don't remember like every I'm sure I've talked to a bunch of people. I don't remember especially like the furries. You know I actually didn't have a good time at that conference. Tell me it doesn't really come through certain certain conferences. I just like. Don't have fun at. I don't know why, because they're, just like so overwhelming and still like, stimulating in a way that it's unfamiliar, that I just kind of burn out like I was staying at a motel 6 next to the airport in chicago in december and like walking a mile to the furry con every day, and just like I don't know I just I guess I didn't know what the furry fandom was about. I thought it was just like a sex thing. I don't know why. I thought that I thought it was like a weird beauty because thing totally wrong. I think first, it's actually pretty cool and it like a lot of the people there like I talked to are like on the spectrum, and so when they wear the fursuit like it makes they can socialize non-verbally and don't have to make eye contact, so they can just like touch and without like having like the social pressure of like an eye contact thing. So it's actu. I think first, it's actually pretty cool and it's super therapeutic to mad people that I talk to. So that was the dilemma. It's like [, __ ], I'm not here to make fun of these people anymore, like what am I supposed to do? I don't want to make these people feel shittier than they already have been made to feel before they became fairies. So I just I don't know. I just had a tough time there I was bored. I think that a lot of people watching will appreciate hearing that, because we've kind of met we make fun of furries on this show uh and we always get a little bit of blowback from the furry community. They feel that they're misunderstood. It sounds like you've had that came to that same conclusion. Yeah. I just think sex is a really small part of it, even though, for somebody to say right seems to be a big part of the portrayal, which is where I don't know why it just seems so synonymous with fetishism. I don't know why either the tale- I don't know, what's going on there, there's just something that like makes it seem like it's like a sex cult, yeah well dude, have you been inside a furry suit because I got one for a gag and it's I mean the the commitment it takes to be inside that suit for more than 10 minutes, because it is not comfortable and it's hot. As a mother yeah, I have. I know it's like 4 500 bucks, but I would actually be a scaly not a furry, because I'm far more into reptiles than I am animals with hair and fur, and I had this lizard that died on the american idol finale in 06. When I was in seventh grade. No, that's when I was seven years old. You know when carrie underwood beat bob ice. I was a huge bob ice fan, so I was already crying because bo bice lost the american idol finale and then I go into my room and my lizard snakey is just like slumped on his back like dead, so I was just the worst day of my life, so I was thinking about getting rip snakey tattooed, but then I met someone at the furry con who designed scale-based furry costumes for like seven thousand dollars. So I wanted to be like an eight foot tall like buff, like reincarnated sneaky and just roll around and speak like a lizard voice. So you so people who are rep who identify with reptilians are scalies scalies yeah. They kind of get a bad rap in the furry thing. Really it's like the slytherin of furries. You know that's just like. Why are you doing that? But you can cr, you can roll up in a scaly suit and people may not accept you if people are like. Ah it's the [ __ ] scaly. I don't know why I made them like philly italians. I don't think they talk like that, but there would be like uh. Ah, you know the scalies are here, but I find that interesting that there's different communities- I I guess, but they kind of- are still in the furry world right. There's beef too, there's hell! That's what I'm curious about yeah. What is the right wing? There's kind of right-wing furries fairies who have a problem with trans people? There's there's tons of like weird [ __ ], going on in the furry community. There's like there's crazy they're, not just furries man, politics, because part of the thing is furries are also non-gendered for the most part, so it's pretty much a safe haven for anyone struggling with identity issues. At all I mean you can just be like this very and like it's tight bro, it's not for me like. I don't think I would actually ever participate, but I respect every furry there. You go furry lives matter yeah. I like that. I appreciate I actually appreciate that insight, yeah uh. I do find that useful, um flip flop. The clown is, is a man who stuck out to me from florida man, one I what I want to know. First of all, let's watch this. So I can familiarize, where are you right now when you come across a character like flip flop, the clown, so I'm at a place? Where sometimes I go to relax? It's called the sausage castle, it's outside of orlando. It's ran by a uh, jackass, affiliate and juggalo. You know kingpin named mike busey and it's uh, it's where I go when I'm in florida. Just you know chill out for a bit edit. It's like a giant mansion in the swamps is that why he's in a clown mask because it's like juggalo affiliated or is this dude just like like busy? You can look him up. He looks insane. I would encourage you to google it what's his name mike busey mike busey yeah he's a friend of mine, so the way um the sausage castle works. Is it's like a giant house, it's kind of like a dorm where each person is basically like an independent, only fans, content creator and they pay the bills for this giant mansion, based upon like a percentage of the money, that's coming in to like independent uh, like pornographic content creation, basically huh. I've never heard of such a place in my life yeah here you are yeah, and so I just like a lot of I have a lot of friends there. They call it the sausage castle because, like that's like vice, called it because there's like so many dudes there, someone called it the sausage castle, but that's where so. That was a halloween party at the sausage castle last year and it's called drunk people in costumes, dude, the the dj, the celebrities that appeared were so strange, dj paul from three six mafia uh stitches, the wrapper you guys stitches and uh daddy longneck. Was there daddy long made an appearance, big gucci, but it's just like it's crazy. Like it's a really interesting thing by the way you yeah, I was there, they didn't even know who I was, though this is before the show even popped off. I thought it was like a nerd little did they know yeah shaq, but dude. The sausage castle is a lot shaq kicks it. There post malone kicks it there, although for real? Oh this is a wild spot shaq at the sausage castle. Yeah he's every time you go, there's like kind of like random celebrities. So here we have emily. Here we have um flip flop, the clown with the foot fetish uh. Did you I'll just let this speak for itself? Did you see the uh lead up to this? How did he convince her to do this? Oh, the girl, yeah, oh there's, my friend jessica she's from san diego she's she's, recently become like a trump babe, but at the time oh yeah, I know the type the trump babes yeah, like uh it'll, just be like photos of her in like a bikini on the beach in san diego and be like. I love my country yeah with like american bikini and everything yeah, so yeah. No, she was just down she's. Everyone at the sausage castle is like yeah man. What a vibe yeah um. I liked it, but I feel like dirty about liking it not as dirty as mouth, though oh flip-flop, the clown of a foot fetish. What do you like about feet? Man? I was born with a foot fetish. I just love the odor and the taste and the ah was there a certain age where you realize, like hey. I like this yeah when I was a kid I used to fantasize about but uh when I was in kindergarten, the kindergarten teacher stomping and putting me in her shoes and just like me, living inside her shoes and stuff, you know, and then I got older and uh. You know I got boners with the same fantasies in your life. How many times do you think you put in your mouth? I don't know like somewhere in like uh, almost a million have a foot fetish rap song called feet on the face shut, the [ __ ] shut your [ __ ] face because you know I love the taste, I'm a mother yeah. I don't think I've ever met. Anyone like this in my life, but here you are, he does that all year round. Oh damn coronavirus is really [ __ ] over flip-flop, oh man. I feel bad for him right now. He probably hasn't been able to do that in a long time. Maybe he's finding a way. I hope. So. I don't think coronavirus is stopping him a guy like that yeah, but I mean I heard that he's gonna get like the gathering of the juggalos and just go ten to ten and just like, oh my gosh, he actually has a. He has a gay cousin who's like flip-flop, but you know sucks on dude's toes only and they go together to the juggle again, no way they probably clean up at the juggalo place. I can see everybody being down there, even just for the novelty factor. You know, yeah I've seen him do crazy. He was doing some way more hardcore, [ __ ] than that at the sausage castle. I think he was like eating an ass on the like he's going crazy man. Flip-Flop is it he goes in. Oh he's just eating straight up ass, so he yeah. That's. The first thing I saw him doing was just eating ass on the pavement. That's amazing um, have you ever had your foot in him or his cousin's mouth? No, no! Would you? Oh okay, just curious! I mean oh yeah, that's a good question, then the the other character that that jumped out to me from florida man ii, of course, is joker man. Who again is? Oh, that's my boy. So what does he go by joker man? Joker gang 305 live south sea south side, saint pete, pinellas county in this [ __ ]? That's his full intro, I'm going to say it again: yeah, yes, hey joker gang 305, rawlish chico live south side, saint pete, pinellas county in this [ __ ] every single time. You see him wow. So this guy says to you joker man's been hitting up my girl. Did he introduce you to joker man? How did you find joker man? I joker gang was viral about two or three years ago, oh and when he was like in and out of jail like smoking, a ton of crank and like waving guns at pedestrians and country clubs and going back to prison, joker, gang kind of fell off, got semi-sober and he kind of just jumped back on the map. I actually did a solo interview with joker gang six months ago and uh. He revealed the origin of his face tattoos. He got it because his girlfriend, I guess, aborted their unborn kid without telling him, and so he broke up with her and he was like I'm just gonna blast. My whole face to make myself unrecognizable because I feel so betrayed. So he got all those joker tattoos at one time got his whole face blasted the whole video is actually on youtube. If you look up like joker gang tattoo uh time lapse, you can find it, but I I've been I've known joker gang for a while, maybe like six or seven months. So I went back and met up with him because he was like you. Gotta meet my cousin he's a six nine impersonator, that's how this video came to be, and how did you know about the first guy? No, the guy who was eating his roaches? Oh, so he actually, he reached out to me via dm, because he knew that I was uh like doing a podcast at the sausage castle and he's like yo. I live a half a mile away like do you want to come interview me and I was like yeah [, __ ], you might as well. Do this. I like low level uh prank influencers a lot lit blunt bubba. I wanted to talk about this [ __ ] around here he doesn't waste [ __ ] around here he busts out like 20 roaches and just consumes them all in front of you and I consumed one too, and I had a thc induced panic attack, estimated six hours later at the sausage castle. I started having auditory. I hadn't consumed thc in five years, and I just swallowed this dude's, like [ __ ], probably like spice joint right. I started hallucinating and [ __ ] and I was freaking out like I was sweating profusely and my friends were like pouring water on my head. It was a terrible night, but it was worth it for that video. That's amazing that just eating one of those dudes roaches could get you so high and you ate like 20 of them yeah or something 20. Let's see how many he ate when we watched it. I think it was 21., but did you talk to him? Was he okay after that yeah man that dude lives and breathes thc? Let's see [Applause], oh just light, it light it up fire it up, hit it one time and then let go of it. [Applause] you got down. You gotta swallow that [ __ ] man. I can't believe that one roach got you so good. I was blasted bro. I wouldn't be surprised if he's like spraying weird additives on his [ __ ], like sketchy florida, gas station, thc, enhancer yeah. I wouldn't be surprised either that got you that high freaking out and then so so what happens here is florida. Man says that joker gang's been hitting up his girl. Is that true, or is that just set up yeah that came completely unprompted? I I could not believe that gum gang had a problem with joker gang, because two days prior, I was like this is camp. This is too good to be true. There's beef here, I'm actually, I'm gonna set up a fight for them in a month or two at like a youth boxing gym and run like a pay-per-view. Oh, I would pay to see that all day, dude yep gum game. He just hit me up. He just texted me. I realized he was like when's the fight happening. I was like bro as soon as I can get back to the orlando area. It's going down. You got a man. You should have gum gang dress up as batman, um, so joke so joker gang. How do they feel about being referenced as florida man do they take cross with that or they kind of proudly yeah, I'm a florida man. They want to be viral, so bad, it could be like you know like, and you could just say anything man. They don't care, how they're labeled they just want exposure. A lot of people in in florida are like that. Lord has a huge like jackass for like prank hillbilly culture. It's like people in florida and like the redneck side, are like more aware of world star, hip-hop and stuff like that than rednecks. In like missouri, I mean so they they want to go viral like there's. So many like that's so interesting and that's how you end up with characters like these. I guess, but here florida's got a crazy like 5 000 to 25 000 follower range giant creed of like hurt yourself influencers. You know what I'm saying like hell like injure core like your head on the table: type people down there barbed wire, crushing cans on the forehead vibes, yeah seriously; um, here's joker gang uh, his dm, my con said: hey buddy, stay the [ __ ] off my girls; dm leave me the [ __ ] alone. You know, for the longest time he's been trying to troll me and get me to fight I'm like hey, let's fight whatever now he's on probation, so you're gonna make that joker saying to you in the messages. Oh he's, gonna, [, __ ] me up he's [ __ ], my girlfriend, I swear to god. It's an embryo [ __ ] over there watch out man I'mma whoop his ass. I think that corona should fake as [ __, ], north korea, the russians, [ __, ], sound a chemical in the sky and [ __ ], but I think it's fake because I ain't catching that [ __ ] yet, and I I barely wash my hands- why not because I'm a hood [ __ ], if you're [, __ ] these hoes wrong [ __ ], the [ __ ], I've been [, __, ] the whole rosters. On the little kid bro dogging doggy, I got six kids bro. I came out to a bag like like a straight way in no way like trevor [, __ ], my baby, my mother, for, like nine months before I even found out what the [ __ ] was going on straight away, these nuts, all right so uh. So we're doing this man. These characters are something but so like these guys seem kind of like unpredictable. Do you fight? But you know you don't ever feel endangered around these kinds of characters. No interesting! I mean it sounds like you consider all of these people, friends, yeah. Those guys are my friends, interesting! That's cool everyone's! My friend um flat, uh burning yeah. There was this one moment from burning man that really stuck out to me is. I know you try to play it straight as you possibly can in in most situations, but I know I know what you're going to pull up yeah the one lady who's having an orgasm and you're, just as close as I've ever came to laughing in any video is what you're about to show yeah and you just couldn't hold it together, it's funny because she was pretty straight playing it pretty straight and then all of a sudden she just busts out with the what the uh meditative orgasm or whatever is really going on I'll play this no way, I could have known that she was gonna. Do that I mean it just came it hit me so hard? I was like, oh my god. This is happening right now, real time reaction, you're gonna, see I mean your reaction was so funny. I'm gonna play it breathing, and why is it that you don't want to laugh you just you're trying to stay in character. You don't want to insult her. I don't like to laugh in people's faces yeah. It makes me feel bad yeah, exactly you're just trying to be respectful. Yes, yes, yes, yes, [Applause], yes, [Laughter], that's a pretty good sample that was beautiful. That was pretty good. I mean all things considered. I think you handled it pretty. Well, you certainly put your best effort in yeah. She was serious. Do you think she was kind of bummed on that video? Oh, how come I don't know. I didn't think she expected so many people to see it. She didn't get tricked or anything, but I just don't know. Well how do you know that you speak to them after the video comes out? They, the video, comes out weeks later and they're like holy [, __ ]. You know my grandma's seen this there's like things that you don't expect to reach like if you're in all gas, no breaks, video everyone you've ever known is going to see it because it's just going to find your extended friend group yeah, yeah people pass it from here to there. But how is it that they're contacting you? You guys swap numbers yeah. You know hey, this is me. Her name was rasmus like hey. This is me, rasma didn't realize your platform was so big, like I'm happy that it's out there, but I'm feeling kind of like weird about it and I'm like yeah like I feel you, but you know what she's really saying, though right yeah she wants you to remove the video. No, not she just wanted me to talk it through. You know a lot of people just need that validation of like were you trying to [ __ ] me over. Like I don't know, people just need to be talked through being viral. I mean like what's gonna happen and I was like look. Man like people aren't gonna come out of that video being like, I hate that person right or like no they're going to come in that video just laughing yeah, and that's it. It's simple. You know it's not the end of the world to be on one of the videos. Now we're super cool, but yeah that's interesting. I would assume that she was just coming to uh kind of being like hey man. Can you cut that [ __ ] out, but I I feel you maybe you're right, maybe maybe my my mind just goes to a different place, more cynical place. Yeah I mean, I think that it's hard to communicate. How big the show is to someone yeah, especially when you're meeting them on the fly and I'm always in the scene. So I'm not like. I don't have a crew or a body you're, not I'm like next to that, like hey just so, you know we're all right: a million people, it feels it feels douchey, but then people want you to like they retrospectively want you to have. Let them know how big the show was. But what am I like? Oh by the way like yeah, the engagement is [ __, ] crazy. You gotta hop on this [ __ ], like I'm, not gonna. Do that to somebody yeah. Your show has grown a lot in the past year. How do you? How are you feeling about that? I mean? Are all your dreams coming true right now, because, like [ __ ] you're, a young man, you got tim and eric begging you for a show hitting you in the dms saying andrew. We need this right now I mean. How are you feeling you got to be feeling pretty good about everything, yeah feeling good, but I'm just transitioning. You know because it kind of freaks me out and stuff like when I'm walking around like and people would just like, like freak out. You know like, oh my god- oh my god, I'm like because I you know, but I always study the effects of like young social media fame on mental health. I think I'm doing pretty good, but it's definitely weird and like I don't think the human brain is like optimized. You know, you know too you're, pretty famous man like you, like you, probably walk around and you're like holy [, __ ], like someone's stoked like, and I don't even know them like it's just strange like you got it. It's just happened to me over a year, so you get used to it. But overall it's a good thing. I'm just trying to figure out how to navigate social life now, because definitely all eyes are on me. If I go out to a bar, it's like all eyes on me like. If I it's just weird, you just got to operate a little bit differently. What I've been doing is like keeping like old school friends. Like really close, you know what I mean like my two camera guys like we just keep our like social world a little bit smaller and stuff like that, but I don't know I think, I'm doing pretty good mm-hmm yeah. It took me a few. It took us a few years to get used to it. It's definitely really weird at first, but then you kind of like you said you kind of your. Your circle gets smaller and you're a little more guarded. I mean it's fine, it's it's kind of what you just have to do to to um to navigate the your your social world more, but I mean, like you, said it's it's a good thing. It's nice! It's a really nice thing being people that you've never met and coming up and saying nice things to you: they're always super nice yeah. But, like you said it's transitioning, it's yeah, you're, something that you have to like: get used to and learn how to do, and it's just weird y'all: do you all go to bars and stuff like that? Nah? No, we're we're! We have a kid we're old. Now, I'm 35.! I mean I don't really leave that. I don't really I go to work and I go home. You know what I mean, so I don't even find myself out in public much, but we were lived in new york for a year and we got it a lot there and um yeah there's. Definitely a transition that takes place. I can imagine going to bars and meeting girls and stuff because I've been married to to ela. Since before we were famous brielle. How long have you all been married for uh we've been married now for almost eight eight years, yeah we've been together for even longer that's [, __ ] awesome. I want to get married, so bad man really do you have a girlfriend? No, but I want like a wife, you know, let's start yeah, you do you're commit you're you're, a man who likes to commit. Yes, I have a wife like y'all, like you know, do like funny, [ __ ] together. What? If I did that it'd be awesome, I'm sure you're gonna have plenty of girls that are gonna, be interested. I like being married, I really like it. I mean I know for some guys. Do you guys ever like beef about stupid, [, __, ], um, yeah yeah, of course yeah, but I feel, like we've, always been really good like well. You know our relationships may be more complicated than that because we work together. We do everything together, we're like always together, and so sometimes that can cause, maybe more friction than other couples would have. But for the most part I don't think it causes much. I mean for the most part we really get along like there's. No, we fight about food. A lot like she doesn't like pizza. What the [ __ ] is that, but it's like a stupid pizza, it's insane and she goes yeah. Thank you andrew interview. Her ask her questions. Ask her about people. I always eat his vegetables right. You know you don't like your vegetables, vegetables. Yes, I do. You don't ever eat your cucumber on your plate, a vegetable! That's like some! I think. Okay, I don't know okay, what about like a cauliflower crust with like veggie veggie toppings? Would you go for something like that? Yes, compromise yeah, I should try that I would eat that there you go there. You go as far as your refrigerator goes. Does it have a feature where you can just put your hand on it and water comes out or do you guys have to have water come from a separate place? That's not the refrigerator. We have a tap. We have water. On top, we have ice coming out of the fridge yeah. We got ice out of the fridge and we got water on top. What do you do for watering your rv? You just have like jugs of water. Damn I have the environmentalists coming after me with this one, but uh bottles yeah, I mean dude gallons, oh, but that's not bad. What else can you do? I mean you could get individual dollar waters like poland spring? That sounds way worse. Environmentally. I agree with that, but the thing is sometimes gallons of water. Have that you? Why does water taste so weird? Sometimes I wish we had a scientist over here. You know water tastes like hella gross and plasticky, sometimes yeah most definitely yeah what is causing it. I think heat. First of all, when the heat mix heats up the plastic and the water, I think you can get a really funky taste, I think most of the heat and then I think it really depends on the quality of the plastic as well. Like some, some companies get a really cheap, thin plastic that just like melts into the [ __ ] water, and then some companies make a more hardy plastic that doesn't bleed so much. What's your favorite uh water company, my favorite water is gonna, be the tap water from santa cruz and new york city whoa. That was a meta answer. That was amazing. I mean when I think, about good water. That's what comes true. I don't really have a brand of water yeah. When we lived in new york. We were like. We would just use it from the sink and we're like this is so good compared to l.a, where in new york did you guys live manhattan, upper west side, upper west side, oh big, baller, [, __ ], like something yeah I mean our apartment was like 2 500 a month and we had. We didn't, have a kitchen bro, really yeah. I lived out in queens last summer. It was chill nice. I like queens nice spot. I mean our youtube setup was the whole apartment like the table and the camera and the lights that took up the whole place. Basically yeah. What's like a funny like influencer like a youtube cringe, lord event that I could attend, is there any giant gathering of like youtube? Zoomers somewhere um [Music] yeah vidcon is good, but I think vidcon there's not that many. I, the tick tock [ __ ], is pretty good. Like the you know. Are you aware of hype house? Oh my god, dude I met some dude in scottsdale. It was like call me little eyeballs go over the livestream yeah. You should go to the hype house yeah. Can you give me a brief overview of what the hype house is before I dive into this? Oh well, I I only learned about it like the last week, so it's just it's where a bunch of famous tick tuckers all live together, yeah, oh my gosh, but they're they're, young and rich. I think so. You can only imagine like what goes on there. Is it dancing like yeah? What do they do? Well, so they recently gotten a lot of controversy for having birthday parties where uh nobody obviously was was observing the pandemic etiquette. They had a huge party and a lot of them were vlogging it you know so, but but what do they do? I mean I saw a brief clip. I mean the party was crazy man. They were like just very sexual. It seemed like lots of drugs and very sexual lots of alcohol. I don't know grinding and like snorting blow or something I saw lots of grinding yeah. I didn't see any drug use, but I'm sure that there's lots of blow there- they probably wouldn't show it but the kids do blow or they like drink lean and like take zans, like I said, I'm a little out of touch, but from what I can tell in l.a is that it seems, like almost everybody, does cocaine yeah, it kind of always surprised me the people. It always surprises us, oh, that guy does cook it like everybody, it's crazy like I'll, be at a party, and you think you know somebody and I'm like. Oh this guy's doing lines it's wild, but so does joe rogan do it. We never met joe again, although why not I mean sounds like he does and that probably does oh breaking news. Joe joe gets more joe like harvested like reindeer [, __, ], bile and like tree fermented, yeah ferments it he gets weird say reindeer bile. Is that freestyle or is that something that he does? No, I think he does that you heard it here. I don't think. That's free stuff does that have a dmt in it or something I think he harvested dmt from reindeer bio, yeah um. No, I don't know because a lot of people's like have a lot of this conception about what la is, and I have to tell you- I mean ellie's, a huge town, there's a tons of different kinds of people and and places to be here. I don't know I I mean I've. I've been here as a married man and and as a like in my late 20s, we came out here. Yeah, I'm pretty much almost 30 yeah. So I don't know I haven't participated much in like the l.a party like lifestyle, so I don't know but to me I really I find l.a to be really chill. There's lots of space. It's really nice! I mean I, I think it's kind of bizarre how everybody has this concept of la being just a total [ __ ] yeah. It is really strange, like it's like people, [ __ ], on it like it's the fakest place ever it's like what place is super real. Like what place is there? No social, climbing and weird manipulators right they make it seem like it's the shark tank. It's like. I don't know why. Your hometown, I mean look, you know it really. Just comes down to what kind of person are you I mean you don't have any sense for for judging characters. You hang out with. I don't know I mean I don't know why people say that like when we lived in new york, you I've heard so many times like oh dude, you're from l.a [, __, ], l.a or, like oh you're, moving to l.a bro. Why would you want to go there and someone who grew up in california? I never heard anybody speak about that about any other state like oh [, __ ], where you from but new york. Everyone was like [ __, ] la, and I never heard that before. Imagine if you reverse that, like you're in l.a and some new york full was like pulled up with like a yankee hat and like a bacon, naked cheese, you know and you're right, it's pretty. I do like the bacon egg and cheese, though bro. That's my [ __ ]. So good yeah, I missed those yeah. What's the la equivalent of bacon egg and cheese like mexican food breakfast burrito egg mcmuffin yeah, yeah, breakfast burrito yeah, the breakfast there's just drive through mcdonald's everywhere breakfast burrito yeah, but but I think the convenience is what makes the bacon egg cheese pop right breakfast burrito's, not that convenient, because you've got to go somewhere to get it. I got one right around the corner from my place and also it takes time to prepare. You know I don't know. I think it's it's two minutes I'll, never get back while waiting for a burrito yeah, I'm like [, __ ] hurry up no, but it's hard to find a place. Man! It's not like that! Gotta get to glendale. Where did you say the absolute offices? Bourbon bourbon I gotta get time? Is money you're going to get hollywood so quick, yeah, you're, still away bro I'll, keep the rv and if she ever gets weird, I'm gonna just go out to the salton sea. You know like bombay beach right around slab city and just oh yeah, calm down lots of mexican food, though. So let me let me how's the love life with living with three dudes in a tiny rv. How does that happen? Well, I had a girl living with me who I was dating for like six months in the rv for a long time yeah. So it was fortunate wow, so forget about masturbating. Do you guys have to tell like if you guys want to have sex? Is it like guys? You're gonna have to give us a minute yeah, it's not awkward. I mean they probably go get food or something it's not weird. I mean it's only weird if someone tries to do it with other people in the rv and like cool about it's like, we can all feel the rv moving, but that's gotta happen right because, like if you're with your girlfriend, I mean sometimes [ __ ] just happens in in the night time, but have you had sex while your friends were in there I mean it has to happen. What kind of stuff happens in the night time? Can you describe what happens well, you're in bed together, just chilling and then all of a sudden you just all of a sudden, your penis is in uh your girlfriend's vagina and your homies are like a foot away from you. I try to. I mean, I'm sure it's happened a bit like. I don't really it's just some attitude, some respect, [ __ ], like you, know, yeah you, you try it out once and you wake up and your friends are like hey dude. You have fun last night because you can't be up until [, __ ] five in the morning and I was like wait doing what I was just sleeping yeah. You know I sleep crazy. I kick [ __ ] in my sleep, I'm nuts it doesn't work, but I mean the love. Life is good. It was cool to live with the girlfriend in the rv. But you know we just start arguing a lot. That's how it gets. What kind of stuff you guys argue about. Just you know day-to-day [ __ ], like you know, you live in the rv, like I'm kind of in control of where we go. You know because I'm on the production schedule, so someone has to be like all in, for whatever the team wants to do, yeah it would just be destination stuff, like she'd, be like I want to go here and I'm like we have to do this. It was just it was too like it put me in too much of a control position, because I'm basically in like a walking like a house on wheels, it's also an editing studio and also like a tour bus. It was just too much to manage me and her so cool. It's just like there's too much. Oh, can you can you say something your audio dropped? Am I back in this yeah you're back you're back yeah. I can see. I can see that that's a lot to ask from someone. I'm surprised she was down. I mean that's wild, that's that's! That's pretty wild! Oh yeah! It was really sick. I think when I get to la I'll start like dating again and stuff. Well, we have a show. We do. This thing called the bachelor. I don't know if you're interested in we have oh yeah, were we involved with that project? Yeah, maybe I'll, be the bachelor, that's kind of what I was suggesting, but just to give you an idea of like the success ian um, our uh ian's really he's the blue hat. Can you see ian yeah when I talk he can zoom yeah, so so ian actually found the love of his life on through uh through the bachelor she lived across country and she moved to l.a and now they're together. So we have success stories. I mean calling the the way we did it. A success is a big stretch. Well, I'm happy for you, man, yeah. Thank you happy too. Then the result was good. Yeah yeah the show never picked up. It didn't go anywhere, you're, not mentioning the massive failure that we also had. Though the show has failed twice: yeah the show fell twice yeah, it tends to be a disaster, but anyway um. I think you'll do fine. I don't think you need our help. Yeah. You won't need our help if you're gonna crush it um. What else is there really to say andrew all gas? No brakes just keep it up. Thanks keep your foot on the gas and and off the brakes, don't even think about the brake yeah. You seem like a really a great, down-to-earth guy, a genuine dude and uh. I can't wait to see what's next, for you I mean I'm so excited to see this show. I think it's going to be fantastic. Are you guys looking do you guys have a network in mind? You know, I can't even talk about it. Man, okay, that's fair enough, but yes yeah! It's got to be adult swim right. I mean it's got to be a cartoon network, not even sure what those things are never heard of those [Laughter] well nathan, for you was on comedy central actually, so I could see comedy central being a potential you don't you don't have to respond nathan for you by the way. What a show am I right so good, just ridiculous amazing! I remember I wonder if he watches my show. That would make me really excited. He's great, I definitely think he works he's going to he works with those dudes, but I wonder if he's seen it yeah, you know. Probably, yes is my bet, man, you see nathan, fielder's, uh, social post. He had that one recently, where you remember how the police were like thanks for all the thanks for all the thank you cards, yeah and nathan's, like man and all this. Thank you. Letters too. It makes me feel so good yeah that was really funny. [Laughter] yeah you're, going to be one of the greats man put it down really interesting, I think so yeah. I think so because you're the genuine article bro, I mean it takes a special kind of character to just hit the road and do what you do before any of the support or production or anybody so you're. Just the fact that you're, the you're genuinely doing what you do and now people are recognizing what you do and just putting a little muscle behind it. I think that's the the recipe for success right there, I'm looking forward to it. You know just a kid good luck is there? Is there a wish wish like? What's what's your like your most desired can place, you want to go, do it, but maybe you don't have access, maybe that you'll you can get access now with appso behind you. Well, I always told my uh high school best friend evan, that if I ever got rich, I would get us all like jet skis, but not just me and him, but all of us everybody so ideally maybe tim and eric could suggest a spot where I can get jet skis for a good deal, and then we could kind of move around the country as a like a fleet and all gastro breaks could instead be a jet ski show in which we move port to port instead of from town to town. Oh, my god, that'd be a hell of a ride man. What do you call all throttle? No brake? What do you call that on the jet ski throttle bottle no way just jet ski the jet ski diaries, whoa whoa, like like shea guevara motorcycle diaries, I'm saying I'd, read that I'm just jetski, I'm all in dude. Actually, I know what I'm going to do this weekend is: go over to patreon and yeah wild [ __ ] that I haven't seen before hit me up I'll I'll. Tell you what to look at you guys are awesome man. This was hell of fun. Thank you. We should be real friends when I come out there yeah I mean yes, I'd love to stay in touch. I mean we're all here in l.a. If you need help like finding a spot or whatever I mean we all we're all we can. I need help finding a spot, yeah, yeah, okay, I'll get right on that. Actually for real, though it's a really good time to look for an apartment, because I know it's probably, you know the misfortune of others, but a lot of people are getting evicted because of covet. That's such [ __ ] man. There should be a moratorium and that with the word for it, rent should totally be frozen until people are awesome, I don't know what's going to happen in la because, obviously the city is more progressive than most places in the uh. They have extended it here. Okay, it's not going to expire, but but they're, not forgiving, rent, so eventually everybody's going to be dude. How are people going to do that? They're, not forgiving, so it's going to be all charged back to you for the whole quarantine period. Once you come out, that's insane these landlords, man, these landlords are so predatory and these real estate sharks, man, the government's got to step in bro like well. There are so so it is kind of some people like there's such things as like co-ops, like where people invest in in houses to rent. So some people do rely their livelihood on collecting rent. I mean not not a lot of people are just rich and can afford to forgive the rent, but some people can't so yeah. I do wonder it's it's a tricky situation, but I also just like how do you not pay rent for five months? And then you just have to owe that money. I mean that's great yeah yeah. I guess I didn't consider the fact that many of the landlords themselves are like getting broke, I'm just from a gentrified city seattle. So I just assume that anyone who owns a property is like a psychotic billionaire, no there's a lot of like just regular people that um, that is their income. You know the rent that they collect, so I think for the most part you're right. You know especially like in new york. Anyone who owns property. There is a psychotic billionaire, but I think in la for the most part you're right, but I know that there are some people that rely on that income. It's kind of [, __, ] up situation for everybody, yeah that ends that ends uh tomorrow, right then, or the end of the month. The national! Well, I don't stuff is probably happening while we're recording this, so whatever I'd say better check the news well yeah, because they're they're, trying to last minute pass a bunch of stuff right now so definitely check the news. [ __, ], herman cain is dead and I just hop into this podcast in the dark about yeah yeah yeah herman cain had one of the greatest tim and eric ask moments in like political history. You know what I'm talking about. Where are you slowly? Can you remind me about that here I'll, pull it up, um type on youtube, um, herman, herman kane, slow smile, so he did oh here, herman cain's, creepy smile in hd click that so this guy did a political campaign and at the very end, did you see this that I'm watching right now, it's unbelievable! I remember this from so long ago. This is real. This was on tv bro. What intern approved this commercial? So he like slowly turns his head to the camera and then that's like some pervert [ __ ] yeah. Oh, my smile slowly creeps across. Why is he breaking the smile in that way? Yeah! It's it's one of my favorite, and so that's that's what I that's, how I remember herman cain rest in peace, but if you actually, you know what's also kind of wild about her mccain's uh death- is that if you go to twitter, herman cain's twitter, so herman cain's been in the hospital on a ventilator for a long time and his staffers, whoever have been like tweeting straight up: uh right wing propaganda and anti-coronavirus [ __ ]. While he's been on a ventilator up until hours before he died, absolutely that's some lunatic [ __ ], that is insane, they have been they've been tweeting and anti-coronavirus. [ __ ], as herman cain, died on a [ __ ] ventilator bro. I don't understand how the world is the way it is I'm trying to find some of his uh. That's one of the craziest things. I've literally ever heard in my life um like two hours before they announced his death on her mccain's twitter. They said they're tweeting about baseball. What are they saying about baseball? He said something has gone very wrong for the situation to get this out of control. Uh mlb investigating focusing on massively disruptive incident that led to dot dot. Oh this is tweeted nine hours ago, so, yeah literally as herman cain was taking his last breath yeah and then two hours later they announced that he died. It's [, __, ], crazy, so anyway, rest in peace to herman, though uh uh. Let's see july 29th the day before he, he uh tweeted, stammering, babbling, inaccurate and barely coherent. It's classy classic nancy pelosi, as herman cain took his last breath in the hospital. So there you have it politics to the last day. Let's go and let's go that's about it eh well. Well. I can't wait to see in l.a yeah yeah man when's. This episode going to drop tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow morning and it's going to be the whole thing. The whole [ __ ] on youtube, including this part yeah. No yeah, no put this part in for sure it's all going in yeah, yeah super stoked man. This is hella fun. Well, let's do it again. I mean I'd love to talk to you again once once. I don't know how long it takes. I guess it takes a while right to like make a show and fully until it like goes to air probably takes a while. My ideal situation will be right around the election. You think you can get it up that fast man that'd be fantastic. We work every day. Are you going to be doing like political stuff going to rallies and [ __? ]? Oh yeah, that's, oh, that's! That's just watch! I cannot wait. Definitely. I also want to meet. I also want to meet a passionate biden supporter who's. You know ideas go beyond like get trump out of office. You know what I mean, I'm just imagining someone like right, like trump level energy, but just biden right, yeah, they're, probably where would they be? If that person existed like connecticut or something like that? No, where is he from delaware? I guess yeah, it would be in dover, delaware, yeah. There you go. I feel like he's one of those guys where everyone in his hometown hates him yeah, you think he's like notorious. You know what I mean like beat up: corn pop, but I'd love to I'd, love, to see you because now you're with app, so you can get all kinds of credentials to go to like uh convention or conventions. Are we even doing that man [ __, ], no they're, all canceled the the major ones sucks, but it's kind of cool it's a blessing in disguise, because now we're the only people holding it down, you're the only one in the game with antibodies you get tested for antibodies nah! I just got tested for the virus. I want you got to get tested for antibodies. I want to know if you've got if you've I have to have antibodies dude, you might be like a you might be like a scientific phenomenon. With the amount of exposure you've had oh yeah, I'm the most exposed person yeah. You should get an antibody test, I'd love to know the results. I don't I don't like the nose, the nose pierced, not the nose. You know whatever that thing is they put your nose? No, the antibody. They just prick your fingers. Oh yeah! No, oh I'll! Go right! Now I'm going right now, yeah! Well, we've said it all. We've done it all and uh can't wait to see what's down the road for you, so andrew callahan, yes from all gas, no brakes keeping his foot down pedal to the metal on patreon all gas snow breaks on youtube. Instagram facebook watch out for the portland video man. That's gonna, be nice yeah yeah! When is that one? Can I expect that I can't wait for that in four days. Four days, you're editing, you're doing an editing frenzy right now, as soon as I hang up to hang up the phone all right. Well now, I know everything yeah all right, dude, take care, good luck edit that quickly, so we can watch it and uh. We wish you very well we'll talk to you when you come when you uh get to l.a yeah. Until then I love all you guys. I love you love! You too. I hope I can count myself among your many friends now my friend all right, dude, take care bye, see you guys.