Welcome everybody to the final episode of the year here on the most potent political talk show on in the world today, I would say many people would think of the likes of who's, a who's, a big political speaker, ELA Bill, Maher, Bill, Maher, well, yeah he's on HBO, though, but we're bigger than whoever you popped into your head, certainly by a big shot and approved that to you, we have with us back again the great Andrew yang, with another incredible showing in the six presidential debates, it's an honor and a privilege to have with us the great fantastic yang gay yay rolling in on the Gatsby. My god here comes the next president of the United States yeah [Music], wearing our official Andrew yang, merge, which Ian Ian was at the rally yesterday with the childish gambino and yourself yeah. He was in line for hours to get us this merch, the greatest merch I'm grateful to him grateful to Donald Glover for making the merch and for helping us launch it in LA. He's such a great guy I, don't know if you had a chance to sit down with him. No I haven't but he's got street cred and real recognize real as they say so that was cool to see. I think you all would get along famously he's very, very human. You know yeah you spend time with him. He's really very elevated in this thinking. Hmm well I'd love to have the opportunity, but since I've got you here, let's talk about well, you just came off the the debate. Yeah and I have to say that it was a fantastic debate. Definitely the most interesting and I think you know. I've been watching a lot of coverage and your name has finally started to come up a bit. Are you noticing that as well yeah, the team is thrilled about it? I've been named one of the winners from the debate in a lot of mainstream columns. It's funny having you trying to figure out who's like the apex of political talk shows yeah. Do you have an answer to that? You know. Some of the names that would have jumped out to me would have been George Stephanopoulos Jake Tapper people like that our competitors I'm just grateful to you for having me on, because I know you know, politics isn't necessarily the focus, because people have other more fun, better things to talk about yeah, it's hard to get into a lot of people. It's oversaturated! That's why I think you are such a great kind of date because you make it interesting and not just so political. It's actually interesting for anyone. I feel like. Oh thank you. That's certainly a goal and I'm not a politician. I actually have something of a low interest in politics. Although you did study poli-sci, is that right, yeah so I mean I can talk about my development, so I was a debater in high school. I went to the world public speaking and debating championships of 1992 in in London, where I got destroyed by anyone with a British accent, and so I studied political science and economics in college, and then I went to law. School spent five very unhappy months as a lawyer hmm, but there became a point when I followed politics. I actually had a list of goals, and one of my goals was to like elevate politician, but I didn't want to be one hmm and I thought I saw what happened. I thought like wow, what a what a drag most of these political jobs are, especially now in this climate. So my running for president I joke that my wife Evelyn would have run the other direction if she'd known right so now, she's on the campaign trail and enjoying the warmth and love of the support we get ya. The yang gang is strong and vocal, and it's been great to your I mean the last time we had you on was wha G. How long ago was that six seven months ago or something I mean back, then you were coming up but I feel like now. It's been a steady increase and even looking back at the recent debate, you still talked the least amount, yet you've stood out. In my opinion, the most is your strategy. When I watch YouTube, eight I feel like in US you you don't waste words. Is that part of your strategy up there? You speak very directly, very purposefully and you you're very succinct. I find oftentimes you're done talking before you're. A lot of time is up and people are like kind of making a statement and that and not what is that right? It's been a combination of things, certainly we've gotten incredible reception from debates that I have not spoken that much right we're even last night, the team was telling me I'm, not sure what the number is, but I think we've raised over half a million since last night's debate immediately and it has no real I. Think it's going to come out that I've raised as much or more than any other candidate after last night, really and I didn't talk as much as many as half yeah, yeah and and so one. My natural inclination is to answer a question. That's asked of me: you do actually answer the question. I think it's yeah. One of the reasons why they debates are such a tall. Intolerable I mean it's. So it's always the same: it's like they disk and answers, and then you ask him a real question and they end up veering off and back into their talking points. Yeah, you know, I did not realize how bad it was until I was in this mix and even this context, where I enjoy sitting with people like you having conversations, apparently a lot of politicians avoid these sorts of antics like the plague, which makes no sense to me at all. Well, it's fear I suppose of gaffes. I mean you know. Hillary Clinton was on Howard Stern recently, and it was just it was such a breath of fresh air to hear her speaking so candidly and casually with him. I truly think that if she would have done that during the election she probably would have won. Probably because you know, III saw people who were Trump supporters, saying saying that there was a story that came out that during the Hillary Clinton campaign, there were something like eight people that had to approve any tweet. Oh my goodnes example I'd, like a tweet committee, that's incredible, Trump doesn't have that, like his committee is like eight brain cells getting together like is this a good idea yeah, so Hillary now probably feels like she has nothing to lose and I can become more casual, which is a shame because it's self-defeating, you know what well I can dig into this a little more I think it's really important. What happened with Hillary Clinton's campaign is that they knew they were gonna raise a billion dollars. They had all of this staff at every level, so you can have eight people to approve the tweet, like the the tweet committee, and so you have all of these layers of people around you that are then, like okay Hillary talked about this this this and nothing else, and don't talk about any of this list of things. Tell you what the list of things you can't talk about is so long, it's easier for you just to say these five or six things and she's, surrounded by dozens, hundreds of people who are sending her this message and then she does an interview and then she seems like an automaton you're right yeah like that. That's what happens in these campaigns. It's one reason why I've seemed different is that in the beginning our team was, you know three, four people we were starting out in my mom's apartment, so there's no committee big, like yang. You definitely shouldn't, say this and then now as we've risen, even though our team is bigger, the same dynamic holds but I understand why Hillary's incentives pushed her in a particular direction. I think they just thought it was so safe. So assured they had only just to lose from any potential risk, as small as it may be. You know yeah and, and that's the the way you like in it's like if you're a really big corporation with a franchise, you know a franchise, that's worth a billion dollars. Then you have this massive set of incentive to like circle, the wagons protected in in Hillary's case. They were like, of course, we're gonna win or we're gonna lose the Trump yeah and they were literally already picking the picking out the chairs in DC being like hey you're gonna, be ambassador to Switzerland and you're gonna be like they literally had it all mapped out. Yeah I mean she said on Howard Stern that she didn't even have a losing speech prepared. You know there was only one outcome for them, but there you have it I, think the landscape is changing and I really think when I look at that debate stage everybody's just toeing the line and I mean it's like I found myself fast forwarding some of the other people cuz it's like dude. You already said that five times in this single debate, but let me ask you: what is it like for you to stand on that stage with some of the most prominent political figures of all time, I mean of our generation certainly and to and to be sharing a stage with them? Because did you expect already to be have gotten as far as you have, then? This is definitely one of the higher end scenarios. I had mapped out I had some low end scenarios projected where you start as like a lone man on a mission, and you end as a load bit out of it's like they're driving the van around New Hampshire, hey, guys and I could have lived with that because you know you you do what you think is right. You fight for what you believe in and sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose like I could have lived with that, but seeing the yangyang grow all of the past number of days and weeks and then being on this debate stage, one of the fun things about run for president. Is you wind up getting to know the other candidates in personal ways, because you're in the green room with them or you're in the union hall with them or you're, the fish fry with them, like whatever it is you're just interacting with them as candidates and people? So you get used to it pretty quickly like now, I have I mean I'll. Tell you some fun stories, so I've been around Bernie, maybe half a dozen times and then I wasn't sure. If he'd like me, because you can't really tell with Bernie mm-hmm, he said to a journalist, I like he Andrew and I was so touched. I was like yeah interview. I was like pretty like that's pretty badass and and then the next time I saw him at the next debate in Atlanta. I was like hey Bernie. Thank you for saying something nice about him to that journalist and then Bernie put his arm around me and was like of course, I. Like you Andrew to the table. Just told me was, you know, excited about me so that dynamic joe and I actually bond very naturally and a lot of things he's the most natively concerned about the impact of technology on the economy of the folks at least I've interacted with directly on this topic. So I will say you know, like I've, now become increasingly friendly with more and more of the candidates, but there is a generational gap between me and them. So, like I said last night I miss camel I, miss Corey like I, miss Beto and Tulsi, like these are people that I, frankly feel more of like a natural connection to because they're around my age in the same generation was there something that you wish. They'd asked you on the debate stage, but didn't to me the, and we talked about this last time. I was here and I touched on it, just a smidgen. It was about trying to align the measurements of our economy with our people and that right now. So many of the answers to the questions last night hinged on our current notion of GDP and jobs and profitability, one of them said hey. Can we move towards renewable energy if it's going to cost fossil fuel jobs in the short term? And you look at that and say, and it and I considered trying to interject but I was like it's gonna, be a complicated idea to get into the debate context that if you were to incorporate the cost of climate change into our economy, it would be trillions of dollars. Tens or hundreds of thousands of American lives over time, and so you'd look up and say the most expensive thing we can do is nothing or continue down this path, and so, if you were to integrate our economic measurements with sustainability and it's related, our wellness and life expectancy, climate change is influencing our health in various ways in very negative ways. So we have to try and actually measure the 21st century economy by our own well-being, and if we did that, then you would see that fighting climate change is actually cheaper. I do love how you connect everything. It's a very holistic, I guess approach with. Are you combine everything with the well-being of people and I? Think I I wish that more people talked about that yeah, the the thank you HeLa and if you reflect on it for a moment, you think what should the purpose of our economy be? If it's not our well-being and right now, GDP is going to get higher and higher, as technology does more and more and more and more of us are going to be left behind and depressed and anxious yeah. And so, if you don't get those measurements right, then you wind up in this tug of war, that I think many of us are already feeling mm-hmm I so appreciate, and that's so truth like one of the questions they posed was you know the GDP is and the economy is doing better than evident, but the the real point you know was well. Why doesn't like what does that mean for real people, just cuz the stock, the sp500 game and 50 points yesterday that doesn't affect 90% of people living in America? You know it doesn't and, and that's the disconnect mm-hmm, where the top well, the the 80% of the stock market wealth is held by the top eight percent of Americans to your point right so in at the bottom, 50 percent of Americans own, essentially zero yeah, so you're beating people over the head saying, stock markets are stock markets are up and then people are being like the stock market even right now like for most people, especially if you're young, because if you're young I just saw this table that came out. That said that the share of wealth for young people is much much lower than it's been for: Gen, Xers or certainly boomers, and so, if you're, a young person with this pile of student loan debt and this tenuous job that doesn't have any benefits and you're barely treading water. Like what does S&amp;P 500 mean to you and you know, I think it can only contribute to all these the depression anxiety, because all the time you're hearing on the radio on the TV, that GDP is great, the economy is great, it's booming. And then, meanwhile, if you, if you compare that to how your own life is going where you can't even live, recreationally yeah you're like dude, what am I doing wrong, that is the subtext of all of them, and and so, if you were to actually just put out the real measurements saying hey, we have a student loan debt load, that's unprecedented 1.6 trillion dollars. Mental health is decreasing drug addictions at record highs, and you were to put these measurements out. Then you would see just how poorly many of our people are doing and then you'd put energy towards solving those problems and then, if you were doing poorly you'd, be like oh I knew it wasn't my imagination because turns out a lot of us are doing poorly right, like it's very hard to solve a problem. If you can't identify it and then establish measurements that help you improve, I. Think part of the problem, too was kind of my generation is I. Feel like the whole generation is kind of stuck in a rut. Is that you've dude this whole idea of American determinism and self-made nests is like you, you blame yourself and and also your parents and your elders blame you too. In a way, maybe there's no worse part, they don't explicitly say it right, but you can tell it's like it's somehow your fault like it's like dude, brah I. Did it I made it what's up you you yeah living with me, you know and back when you bought a house, it was freaking, you know like $1,000 and you could actually do a part-time job and pay for college, but because college was 30% the price of what it is now like I'm, a numbers guy. We have set up the next generation to fail by the numbers and the worst part is then we blame them for it. But hey it's because you know your your attitudes not right or like you want everything and it's really a moral. It's super messed up, I go around the country and I say to young people. I am sorry for the disaster. We have left you and when you think about that message, generally, you think. Okay, climate change, but it's not just climate change. It's a dysfunctional government that can't solve problems. It's an economy that by the numbers, is stacked against you survive. That college is 250 percent more expensive than it was when I went to college. Did it get 250% better? No, and then we've said the young person. A must be your fault somehow that we've like jacked up these prices on you and then you're gonna graduate and find a job. What's up yeah, stop! That's why they suck it's like hey! What we've done is: we've kicked all of the stable jobs away. Now we're automating them away. You know, and it's much easier to automate away frankly, an entry level like insurance, agent or job that college graduate might have done in the past, and now they have the debt, but they don't have the job to come with it. There's a forty to forty four percent underemployment rate for recent college graduates right now. So if you are lucky enough to graduate with your debt load, there's almost a 50/50 are gonna, do a job that didn't require a college degree, and you know where that does not show up the headline. Unemployment rate, cuz they're, like job check, barista, looks good right and then they yell at you and being like unemployment, side record low, and it's like what my job is. My not the job that I was supposed to to do out of college right. Also I saw on patriot act, which saw you on there too. He was just talking about how the elderly are now, also not able to really retire in dignity, because they also don't have enough savings and I. Just it's it's crazy, because now it's also catching out to the boomer generation who are criticizing us. You know, but they have yeah. How are they not able to retire, like you guys, boarded the wealth, we're screwed, and now we have to support their old asses. What happens? Is they hoarded the wealth but again there's massive diversity within that generation. So, by share of generational wealth, they have more of it than any other generation, but there are still many many poor boomers who are going to work until the day they die because they don't have meaningful savings and that curve gets aggressively worse over time. Where, like. If you look at millennials and project forward, like no one's gonna have any say my generation Gen X is like somewhere in between, but not great and I, see this all the time campaigning in Iowa, New, Hampshire and Ohio and everywhere else where senior citizens hold your parents. 17:70 yeah mine are 79 and 72, and there comes a point when your parents start being very. At least I'll just speak for myself. There came a time when my parents became very, very cost-conscious and judicious a long time yeah. Maybe they worried the whole time. But there was a point when talking to my mom in particular, like it started to dawn on me that that their earning power has essentially been determined. You know they have their kitty of savings and they have passive income and Social Security. They can and that's it that defines their economic reality. Mm-Hmm I've met Americans around the country who had that same same reality and as a young person when I was a middle aged person, but certainly when I was a young person like its kind of foreign cuz you're like who the heck knows with a future, holds sky's the limit. Maybe I'll get a raise tomorrow, like you, don't know, but for them it's like. Oh they know, and because of that they have this attitude of resource scarcity because they know exactly what's going to come in and so I meant Americans around the country where they know what's coming in and it's not enough yeah where they have social security and social security might be something like a thousand eleven hundred a month and that's all they have it's not enough for anything yeah. So the what what Hasan said in a patriot act is right. We have a retiree crisis in this country, where senior citizens are going to be working until the day they die and that retiree crisis just compounds over time. It's it's right name, yeah I mean it's gonna, be a total show for the current Millennials are gets worse and worse. You know it's true, I, think of my own parents. They own a house that they rent out and they get a couple thousand dollars a month and that and that with the Social, Security and I still help them, but they said they have like a fairly decent source of cash. But when I think of like how hard it is to even buy a house now for our generation, I mean yeah. I, don't see that ending well, and so many people work on freelance and there's no benefits and no yeah majority of new jobs are tempting or contract jobs. All of the benchmarks that you used to associate with a middle-class life of becoming harder and harder to come by. So it used to be it's like, of course, home ownership. It's like hey the real estate, crazy, expensive, go to college. Hey, let's make college crazy, expensive and people are getting increasingly distraught because the benchmarks are more and more out of reach, and then we pretend like it's not all good. It's on them and better than it's ever been and and the numbers are showing up in something- and people have mixed mixed feelings about this, but so every life stage is getting pushed back and so you're seeing things like marriage decline, you're, seeing things like having kids decline, American child births are at record lows right now, and so you can look up to at that and say like well. There are a host of reasons to me. That's tied in to the fact that you don't feel like you have a stable middle-class life getting married. It's a big financial decision to have a kid yeah, unfortunately, unfortunately, yeah and so getting married is, in many cases an act of optimism and prosperity, having kids as an act of optimism and prosperity and there's just less of it to go around for young people in particular, where you know they're trapped in their parents basement with these debt loads and they feel like they don't have the stability to be a partner or much less of a parent right, and on top of it they feel like it's their fault. But let me here's an issue that came up that you had a different response than the other candidates on the issue of impeachment, which is kind of what's dominating the news cycle these days. Your answer was that that that we may be focusing too much on impeachment. What did you mean by that? The crucial number right now is zero, because that's the number of Republicans that have crossed party lines and said, hey impeachment is a good idea. It doesn't look good right, Oh to bring I mean and you you don't need zero Republicans. You need 20 Republicans to the Senate to switch sides. So if you look up and say, okay, you need 20, you have zero yeah like so what I said last night was. This is like a ball game, but you're watching that you recorded that you know the score is not a fun ball game to watch, and so there is a lot of history being made in some ways. You can't fault journalists and politicians for saying you know that we need to focus all of our intention on this, but as a rational person when you're. Like look, you need 20, you have zero. This is going to be a bust Donald Trump two months from now is gonna, be crowing about total vindication and total exoneration and Democratic witch-hunt and the rest of it. So if you know that that's the way it's probably going to play out, then you need to start building towards the election and you need to start trying to solve the problems. I got Trump elected in the first place and I. Don't think Democrats really took to heart the message of Donald Trump's victory. We talked about this last time when you thought it was inconceivable. You know many of us thought it was inconceivable that Trump would win and he did win based upon a narrow margin of victory in a few states. But to me it's a giant red flag. If tens of millions of Americans say, let's take a bet on the narcissist reality TV star, because we have lost faith in our government's ability to solve our problems. If you lose to that figure in any way, then you have to soul, search and say what the heck is going on with us like how the heck do we lose to that guy and, unfortunately, I think all the energy around impeachment is falling back into this narrative instead of saying like well, let's try to solve the problems. It's that Trump is the problem right, so I'm, Pro, impeachment I think what he did was wrong. I think that we do have a constitution and voting to uphold. It is a positive thing, but I'm also a realist. If you need 20, you have zero, then let's just freaking, try and wrap this game up and get on to the next game where you actually can win and that's the ballot box in 2020. That's we're gonna win and it's right around the corner. You know it's, we can the people can vote then, but if you're in California you can vote starting, think it's February 3rd, oh wow, there's because you you legit, vote I, think it's March 3rd. But then you can early vote like a month before and I think you can vote by mail in California, hmm and I will say if you're in California. This is all very odd territory, because traditionally Californians have had essentially zero input on who becomes president as it's already foretold by then yeah, because California was relatively late in the nomination process, and so here's the fun part you get number one Iowa to New Hampshire, three Nevada for South Carolina and then California was like like 21 or something like it didn't matter. But this time California got moved up to five. How excited yeah yeah, because California was sick of not being in the game, so they said we're gonna move up to five, and this thing's not gonna, be settled by the time it gets to California. So this is all very new for Californians. That's very cool! Actually, that's exciting! By the way. Last time, I was not a citizen, and now I am you made America but a great day for the country? Well, she she entered much like you did on the gas celebration. America should have been celebrating. Actually, you know a OC tweeted ela, congratulations! Yes, how cool is that big, honor I think it's the greatest place to a value the opportunity to live here very much. That's beautiful! Hmm hit me with that American music. Chris, a has an have you settled the beef. Thank you, okay! Thank you. We're dumped that yeah! Have you settled the beef with MSNBC to my count, they've left you out of a graph 15 times. Is that right or is it more than 15? I? Think that's about the last count. I saw and I feel like you didn't want it. You didn't want to go there with them, but at a certain point you got a address, an issue that does affecting your campaign. I me it's out rate it's what it what that went on there. You know it is very, very baffling to us all and we're in talks with them to try and put it behind us, because it doesn't do anyone any good for them to be treating us differently than other candidates and, frankly, for me not being on there talking to voters, because a lot of yeah yeah Dems get their info from MSNBC, but I gotta say it's been a massive like source of confusion and concern what it's so weird that it's every time it's like your face, just isn't there and then, after the debate, they're interviewing Korey bookie, who Booker who I'm a fan of, but he wasn't even in debate where you want him an MSNBC at all. Last night, no I wasn't I mean what the hell is that where did they invite you I do not know. I have to ask my team you're on CNN I saw you there yeah. You know my team handles the press, engagements, okay, I'm, not sure if they asked okay. Let's talk about policy. China I'm worried I found myself concerned about China I, find myself concerned about their way that they treat theirs their sidon citizenry with the with the social rating system. With the facial recognition, you know they say that the Chinese citizens now have social scores. You can lose points by participating in activism or protests and what could happen when you get a low social score? You can not leave the country. You can not use public transportation stuff like this, and so the way that they are finding to control their citizenry is some very frightening things from the future of civilization. As I see it a threat to that I also wonder about if the United States should be more active in supporting Hong Kong protesters. That seems to me a great opportunity for for America to prop up and an ally and a Democratic Society over there in that part of in China and so I wonder if you were to become president. What would be your approach to these issues in China and what are your thoughts on that? The most reprehensible thing going on China right now is the concentration camps for like the Weger ethnic minority yeah. It is awful I, don't know if you've seen some of this I have I should have brought that up. Yeah I know it's freaking like straight out of the stone, Age's type stuff, it's beyond it's well. Well, they round up a bunch of their Muslims right, yes and they're doing cultural re-education because they want a homogeneous society and religion is frowned upon, and communist society correct me if I'm wrong anywhere yeah, it's even darker than that. In some cases they send the weaker men to like a work, camp or concentration camp, and then they send soldiers to to hang out with their wives and their absence, I mean like really really dark. Hmm that you seen you're like this is inhuman and in an effort to to what resettle the family or what yeah just to try and essentially excise their country of this minority. They want to work the men to death and remarry the women is that the idea yeah they or they want them to essentially break up the family unit. So that the next generation is not brought up in the same religion, the same way right so but everything else you've named also but they're Hong Kong is tricky because Hong Kong was a British colony long time and then the Brits handed it back to China and then now it's in this hand over a period where it's considered a semi-autonomous zone. But if you look up and say, okay, what country is hong kong? Part of you would have to conclude china because it was a british colony that it was returned to the chinese a number of years ago. And so the question is: how can we support the people in hong kong to keep the abuses from scaling up there and in some ways the chinese haven't done? What you would fear, which is go in and do a military oppression, Hanneman style? But there's plenty of dark stuff happening happening in hong kong and I said last night they banned face, masks there, so they could use facial recognition technology to identify protesters and then round them up afterwards. The biggest thing we can do to bring pressure on the Chinese is to make it clear to them that if they abuse human rights, they're going to be consequences and those consequences have to be economic really because that's the main language, the Chinese understand they have two primary overriding priorities. At all times number one maintain robust economic growth and the number two preserve social order. So the question is: can you make number one powerful enough so that they curb the abuses and number two? The social credit system is part of as part of that set up, and do you also watch black mirror and you see those episodes yeah so reminds you of that black mayor episode in Tim to me. That is hand in hand with their total lack of privacy rights. The fact that any interaction you have in any context gets recorded. They have a real, powerful surveillance state there and they're ramping up their technology to make it unprecedented in human history. Right so to me, here's the approach, number one you say: look you benefit from our trade relationship from your global commerce. If you go past a certain point in terms of your human rights abuses, you're going to pay a real price number two on the technology side, they're actually trying very hard to build up a parallel tech ecosystem, which is really disastrous potentially for everyone over time. They used Google Apps until very recently and now they've transitioned to their own homegrown operating system. Does that mean that the government Outlawz prohibits Google based devices? Well they're, not using them now, and it's an open question whether the Chinese government prohibited them or the US government said: hey Google you're not allowed to work with the Chinese on these, but a lot of the Google Apps we all know are essentially open source where or if not open source they make the license freely available. So if you were the Chinese and you had to come up with your own set of apps and operating system, it would really suck, especially because Google had it all figured out for you, so they were using Google and now they developed their own homegrown operating system and apps that they're exporting to other countries that they're trying. So the risk is that, if, for whatever reason, consumers start using that and we become for whatever reason reliant, are you worried about data privacy breaches? Yes yeah? So you can imagine a world where, because we know that Chinese technology firms and the Chinese government have a very close relationship. And so, if you succeed in exporting that technology platform to the rest of the world, then you essentially have the Chinese government's eyes and hooks in everything. So that's what you have to try and prevent and the way to prevent it is to set up a world data organization. That's analogous to the World Trade Organization and say here: the standards and protocols for data and Technology get the EU and Japan to buy in and then make it so that, if you are an unaffiliated country that it's obvious, that you have to go with the world tech standards and not the Chinese text standard. And then, if you were China and you look up and say, wait a minute. I can't export my stuff effectively because it doesn't follow these protocols. Our stuff doesn't work with anyone else's stuff. At the extreme end, they would say: maybe it's better for us if we join the world on this one, because then at least our stuff will be interoperable and also right now, I'm gonna bet their software is terrible compared to Google's and everyone else's like if you're a third world country and they're generally developing countries and China comes and says, hey use. Our tech you're, like I, do not want to use your technical. All your tech is terrible. It's free! You know. Oh, but you know, ours is virtually free - but but like if you're at the Congo and China's okay, we're like building all of your stuff, we're building you a coal power plant, use a software that congos like I. Guess we have so that's the game, they're playing and we have to make it so that that game loses that game losing actually is the best way we can protect human rights. Because then, if you're trying and you look up and say well, I need to join this world organization, then you say: well, if you want to join this world organization, you need to have some kind of privacy rules in check. You need to not be abusing your own people in these ways. Is there any efforts to put an organisation like that together, I'm happy to say that we're starting to take some steps? We have some proposals out, certainly if I'm president, we can get this done relatively quickly, because the EU and Japan would like yeah all right- and this is the brainchild of a guy named Ian, Bremmer who's, this brilliant thinker on global security matters and so Ian running with this ball right now. Hmm, that's great you know, and and that kind of leads into another issue with China that that scares me frankly, is that the race for AI supremacy, you know I, feel like China. Has such a strong central government I mean authoritarian, really that they are able to make these big swinging decisions like, for example, just to invest. They decide to invest all this money and AI technology, and here and other developed countries were lagging behind and you look at. We had a nuclear race and it could very well be that the the next would be the next workers right I mean the next new world will be established by a I want you to once you break through on that, and it can start solving its own problems. You you all of a sudden. Are you go light years instead of years ahead, right, yeah and so you're right to be concerned? So is that something that leaders are currently working towards Eve evening, the playing field there people thinking about this issue? There are people thinking about it, but they're not in our government I mean so we at this point have an innovation model, that's very much driven by the leading technology. Companies mm-hmm. No, if you rewind several generations, you had all of these government scientists and lab coats like buried on their Mountain in New Mexico or wherever coming up with things and then now all of those scientists work for SpaceX, Amazon, Google, Facebook Microsoft to some extent. So they are deeply concerned that China is going to leapfrog us in AI I'm deeply concerned. There was a joke that people in AI used to tell it was how far behind is China and AI from the US, and the answer was 12 hours because they would wake up and then see what we did now that joke doesn't really work, because is it that available? They can just see what we did, the private companies. They don't make their stuff publicly available right, but there there were some labs and universities that would publish new stuff, and then they were so China was just like, oh great. Well, so so here's the the broader context, the West is better on research and breakthroughs than China. We came up with this machine learning, AI development tool that now China has and machine learning gets stronger and smarter. Based upon how much data you feed to it like date, is like food of the algorithms. So China now has a massive lead in the level of data and China also has a massive lead in the level of computing infrastructure that they make available to their firms. So in China AI is a national obsession. More Chinese watched AI beat the best human go player. The Chinese game of go right, then watch the Super Bowl in the US Wow. So so it a eyes massive national and cultural priority. It's just an effort from the government to to get interests in this thing that they see is vitally important to their future success. Yes, that's very interesting. It's almost like a propaganda machine. In this case right. It's smart, yeah I wish we did the same thing, so they have more data and then the government says look we're gonna spend billions, even tens of billions of dollars on computing infrastructure as far as the eye can see like Islands covered with server farms like straight out of the matrix and I've sat with the leading technologist in Silicon Valley. Who looked at me and said: look we'll spend 1 billion two billion dollars on computing infrastructure, but we can't spend ten billion hmm and that's what the Chinese are doing and the Chinese are saying: hey: go ahead and use it. Ai companies not REI, can like Chinese AI companies right use. This ten billion dollar infrastructure- you have more data. Now you have more computing power, so our AI will be smarter, faster and they are generally correct. I asked a group of Iowans last week, I said okay, so right now they have more access to more data than we do and they have more computing infrastructure. The only way for the u.s. to win this would be if we have another breakthrough, past machine learning. How many of you think that that the u.s. is going to take the lead base in another breakthrough and like no hands went up and I said how many of you think that the Chinese will take a lead based upon more data, add more computing infrastructures, but we had wet on and I looked at them and I said: I agree with you like. If you have more data and more computing infrastructure, you're, probably gonna win this thing. So what we have to do is we have to go to our technology firms and, as president it'll be my my pleasure to do this I'll say: look we get it. We will match the Chinese multi-billion dollar computing infrastructure. Take it off your balance sheets to maintain global leadership in this field and in return, then we'll ask them for a few things -. This actually will ask them to allow us to have someone that keeps them from destroying humanity or do doing something. So I sat with with the technologist you said to me flat-out, he said: look our incentives right now on AI are just to go as fast as possible because we're competing with the other tech firms we're competing with the Chinese and if all of our incentives were to go as fast as possible. At one point, one of us is gonna: do something really problematic / disastrous? Do you have a- and he said he said like please, we could use some guidelines on this, because, if you put guidelines on us and the other firms were competing against, then we'd be less likely to break something right worried about the other guys. You know, probably what is one of these scenarios, for example, where someone who's moving too fast in the development of AI does something that becomes harmful disastrous to our society. What's an example of that, so you could have AI that I mean I, don't want to scare people but go ahead. Let's get scared so uh, let's say so I'll just say something like you could have weaponized AI that can hack just about any public infrastructure that you can't encrypt and protect, because the AI is sophisticated enough where it can break through, and then you could imagine. If that AI gets into the wrong person's hands or wrong organizations hands, then it could be essentially like holding our infrastructure hostage or maybe not even holding every structure house may just set it loose, and then we wind up with the lights off or quite some time I mean there are scenarios like that there are other darker scenarios or around, and these are the more the science-fiction level where, like the AI, gets its own agenda mm-hmm. But there are realistic scenarios where AI does something is not intended to do in ways that hold that does very large-scale damage. I'm thinking, I'm now I want to think practically about what this means. So China is on we're in a I race, arms race. What's the endgame? Is it hacking as a digital warfare? I mean what is it that will give them the edge practically speaking. So if you were to win in AI economy-wide, that would mean that you could accomplish efficiencies of scale that other economies would not and that your firms would be smarter. Your software would be more effective. Everything would just start working better and then it's very hard to compete with that. If you are another country, let's imagine, for example, that you had AI that had figured out mobility to the point where you could have autonomous trucks and cars everywhere, and then there was one country that had that software and it was actually safe. The level of savings for an economy of having autonomous vehicles would be hundreds of billions of dollars a year, and so, if you had access to that software and then say hey, this will save your economy. Hundreds of billions I'll license it to you for 20 billion, 30 billion or whatever it is. Then other countries would start doing that, and then that would be their the new. It's the new oil, as you say, yeah data is a new oil yeah, and so, if you had the AI and you could harness the data effectively, then you win at an almost unprecedented scale. Mm-Hmm I mean it sounds important. That's real money know that that's why the Chinese are fat like essentially obsessed with this I mean they're looking for ways that they can become the new world player, yeah and I. Think they see that as almost like a cheat code to piggyback to the front of the line, it's like how many like a Hail, Mary, I'm sure you all do like sure you do Ethan, maybe not you know, like you played video games where you're like try to upgrade your horse. I played many games so a eyes like that, where it's like, oh man, I'm starting to fall behind. It's like, oh, if I get this new unit type, upgrade that right, I know exactly yeah ai is is like that for the Chinese I mean it seems concerning that. That is not even a topic on the debate or that. Well, no one really talks about it time for this. Guy I agree with you. The fact is: our government is 25 years behind the technology. Our media come in 20 and all the politicians are 25 years too old. If I'm being honest, I mean I. I, don't want to sound ages, but I also don't mind if I sound ages either because I think politicians are getting they're too old. You know what I mean I once I want someone there's too much going on in the world, I mean Joe. Biden probably has a at aol.com email, yeah, maybe I'll be likely Jose, Jose 77 I want to say so he's like our parents right and that's terrified. So if your parents have you understand their, let it their technological literacy, that's not who you want up against the Chinese AI machine yeah. It's not just the folks who are on the stage I think with someone looked up, the average age of a congress person or legislature in DC and I think it was 60. So why is that? What's going on young people not getting in the game or people not electing young people, I know that there's kind of a second wave now but I just think that our government body wasn't meant to be run by by the olds by old people who don't really understand and more now, more than ever, maybe a hundred years ago. This the technological aspect was abhorrent and the landscape wasn't moving as fast and wisdom and old age, and you know good. There is a technical term for this, as the gerontology hmm, like the rule by old people, mm-hm and the u.s. is I believe technically, a gerund talker see Wow. How about that? It's not great I mean you know again, and it's tough, because you know we like old people, I love, the old I feel like that's like a slur. No, but the rate of change is just accelerating is getting faster, all the time yeah. So if you could afford to be 10 20 years behind, like a number of decades ago, you can't afford to be 20 years right now, because what the heck happened, the last 20 years. You know the world has changed mm-hmm and right now. The government in the u.s. unfortunately, is like, like the flopping appendage behind, like the rest of you know, it is like the tail like the animals moving forward and the tails like hey me too, me too, and that's not gonna work, ideally for us in terms of some of the biggest problems like AI like climate change, like some of the folks, the the problems that you genuinely need, a federal government that has its act together and that that's where we are right now as a country. That's why I'm running for president, because I looked up and said. Okay, here are the big problems. You can't solve them. Unless the government gets its together, the government will not get it together and then we all right. So what's the plan, somebody's gotta do some, and so then I said well. If I run for president and bring enough Americans together fast enough, then we can get into DC rewrite the operating system, try and modernize and upgrade it just be all about solutions. Data-Oriented modernize, it someone told me a story. There's like an Asian kid, he went to work in DC and when these congressional offices- and then they gave him some like work to do about like opening mail or like entering like something into a form. So then he being a smart kid, he like wrote a script where they did like did itself and then they yelled at him for it he's like I just made it. So did the government for that's insane a few months and he was like it was terrible, and this was in a in a Congress person's office. Dc is embarrassing. That's how rages I mean that it's funny, but it's also terrifying yeah. You know yeah yeah, so if I get in there and can try and make it like what I was saying that kid is I was like look man we have to like essentially have a kid like you in every office. We need to look for you yeah. We need to embrace you I'll get you in there and being like hey he's, just gonna, try and make stuff work a little better and faster, and you know just see how it goes and like and then just try and push the culture forward. You can't change it overnight, but I think you can get a lot done faster than people think because they're so far behind, like you almost can't help, but do good in that situation. It's what do you would erase the? What do you need to get into the next debate in January? It's 5% now from percent yeah, so we're gonna, get you one more percent before the 10th is that right of January we're gonna get that with one percent after the last night yeah we already have one of the polls we need. We need you dealer yeah, so we we got a five percent nationwide. I think it was. Is that the first one yeah, so we need three more in the early states or that's gotta feel crazy. It is it's like it's like one of the games that we like all right. What I need now I do more polls the best way that people can help in that direction really is just make a donation between now and December 31st at yank, 2020 calm, because we'll take any donations and then we'll put the money to work getting our poll numbers up in the early States. That's where the money's going. Have you seen any data following last night's debate about? Are you polling better I mean? Does it work, those debates? Well, we we've gotten incredible response. Yeah. There are last night's debate. I think we've raised half a million cents. The debate already, maybe more. Is that what it is that it you just we want the money, so we can run the ads or if you know, people in Iowa and New Hampshire, South Carolina call them up be like hey. It's been a little while, but have you heard of Andrew yeah I got anything that boosts our awareness in those states is super helpful money is helpful, spreading the message via social media and other ways is helpful, but it's game time it's crunch time and we have to save humanity and we have approximately two months to do it in so it is a great time, though, because frankly, you know we're right at this crucial period where we can change the course of this country, and it's a privilege to be here like the yang gang has gotten us right to this point. Where you can see the path. It's a victory. There's no oil yeah. It is yeah and I I, just reviewed some polling numbers earlier today and the polling for this campaign just shooting up in terms of favorables, both named awareness and favorability have been skyrocketing lately and even now my favorability is actually higher than that of just about any other politician, I managed to throw in a little little jokes little way out to the crowd. Yeah, yeah, LMU, yeah I. Think it's awesome yeah we're just on the cusp of breaking through. It feels great and thank you both for being some of the oh geez and this it's my pleasure part of the yanking. My brother is that Genesis from my brother, as as I told you like him and yeah I, tried to get here to see you, but he couldn't make it down he's a teacher in Las Vegas. That's incredible, have I met him because I know yeah I, don't know if you've met him. Yeah check out the tape but I I, agree. I. Think I've always felt that if people could just hear your message and see you, then people are gonna start to see that that you're different and you're what we need right so I thought. Last night's debate was a fantastic when it's incredible to see you up on that stage, only seven people. Now it was such a circus before with 12 what 15, how many people were on the stage. At one point you know there was a 12 person debate, 12 people I mean it's out so and there were the debate where they had 20 and they split it at two nights at 10, right yeah, so there's seven people there you're one of them I mean my goodness. Anyway, we gotta get you. Those poles I, know we're low on time, but I've got some more things here and I. Just don't want to stop so me. Neither let's go Mexican. Cartels is another thing that that that concerns me I mean. Is this a national security issue for for America? We have what seems to be more and more a lawless country on our southern border. My parents lived in Mexico for five years and they were forced to leave as the the violence moved into their small town in the state of Alaska. There was a grenade fire I mean they were. There was a long game yeah and so- and you know there was this recent thing with the the Mormons who were murdered there, terrible and they're, not just criminals, they're they're, so violent and they're so ruthless. What do? What can we do about this? As an I mean it's a continental issue, I find. Why is Mexico and America not collaborating on this? Is it a fraction what's going on here? What do we do about this? Do you see it as a issue? Oh yeah, of course it's a major issue on several levels. It's one of those situations where helping others helps us. Yes, no, like we have to do everything we can to help stabilize what's happening in Mexico. The tough part is that there's a lot of corruption there, so you get there and you're like hey, let's break the backs of the cartels and let's do something positive and the cartels are bought and sold a lot of the officials there that you'd hope to be working with and the ones that aren't are murdered. Yeah, it seems like yeah, so it's a tough context to get positive things done in, but it's it's a situation where, if you do put economic aid and resources to work, it actually goes a very, very long way, and one of the reasons why people are trying to migrate into the u.s. is because their towns are being overrun right by violence. It's not I think these immigrants have been so demonized. It's how it's just it's. You know it's just such a shame. I mean they're they're escaping violence, they're, not I, don't know what people think that about these, like I remember when Trump was uh during the election. There was this whole thing about them. The caravan right yeah the caravan I mean he always has these cheap political stunts. One approach we could take that would change the resources available to the cartels explore the legalization of certain drugs, yes and I'm, open to looking at legalizing different drugs that are not just feeling the cartel, but also in some cases, would frankly be an upgrade over the opiates that many Americans are currently getting addicted to. What are we talking about for arowana marijuana is the easy I mean that's already there yeah, and this is not a huge economic driver, the cartels but psilocybin mushrooms and psychedelics, yes, I've been proven to what are they selling? Is it heroin? Is it meth, marijuana yeah, it's, and so this is the most dramatic one is I'm actually looking to decriminalize opiates for personal use, because we have eight Americans dying of drug overdoses. Every hour in this country, we've essentially initiated this massive opiate addiction plague, and it was a disease of capitalism. It started out Purdue Pharma, prescribing oxycontin right and saying it's a non-addictive, wonder drug, and then there was one point in our history. Not that long or like you know, 6-7 years ago there were more opiate prescriptions in the state of Ohio than there were human beings in the state of Ohio. I saw 60-member yeah that blew my mind and they have these pain clinics on every yeah corner. With these crooked doctors just writing scripts for people it was unbelievable yeah. So what happened was oxycontin addiction morphed into fentanyl and heroin, and then a lot of that is what's getting trafficked. Now, we've we've created this nation of addicts and they've actually found that oxycontin is now harder to get ahold of than the illegal stuff right. So you have this massive drug trade and then it's driving the resources. So what I'm proposing is we legalize opiates for personal use, which means if we catch you with the drugs? You get the drugs taken away from you, but we don't send you to jail. We send you to treatment and counseling, and then we set up safe injection sites and save consult consumption sites in the u.s. that are controversial but they've been proven to work and save lives. And then, if you did this, you could bring in some of this drug use out of the shadows and then get your user base down and then get the economic resources that go into the cartels down. It's a dramatic move, but I was pushed in this direction by a high school senior in Iowa. Believe was a town called storm Lake and he said he's a high school senior and his classmates have fentanyl patches on their arms, addicted and I was like and then he said like. What can you do to help my classmates and so I talked to him at the event? I was like what can we do and he said well, I'll tell you one thing like they're, not gonna. Let anyone know they've got a problem because fentanyl is illegal and they don't want to like get a criminal record. Yeah, there's yeah for what yeah so so then I said. Oh my gosh like how can you get that freakin, kids, classmates help and they're? You know they're, never gonna go to the cops if like they're gonna freakin get busted for it. So then it's like well, if you actually decriminalize it. So if they went and said hey like help me get off this stuff, then you'd be like all right like and then you don't get a criminal record. Then you can actually start making progress so who sells them the opiates? If we want to cut out the cartel and Yordy your league well decriminalize, he criminalizing it. So where do they? Why are they buying the drugs so right now, they're drawing it from they're buying it from dealers yeah and then in my new world that they'd still be blanket from from dealers? The dealers still go to jail. It's just the individual users. Don't get sent to jail with the dealer? Hmm so I'm not saying legalize it in their way of like make it make it like heroin, available and I guess. The cartel is still essentially making the money from supplying the dealers yeah, so I'm wondering I mean. Ultimately your vision is that people start using it less yeah like you, have to try and attack them and actually ask yeah you you have to try to and when other countries have decriminalized opiates. In this they saw reductions not just in overdose rates but in abuse rates and then try and and obviously we prefer a country where fewer of us are addicted to drugs yeah and this this addiction plague is so rampant. It's heartbreaking, I'm in Iowa and New Hampshire and people will come to me and say my brother died. My son died, like everyone has a story about someone who died, that's close to them, and it's disgusting like the fact that we let this happen in in our country, because, essentially of capitalism, run amok like Purdue Pharma made made thirty billion dollars on this and then paid a six hundred thirty five million dollar fine. They paid a two percent: fine, okay, oh yeah, it's a good deal and like their their family is now one of the richest families in the country, the Sackler family. So this is a disease where the government essentially turned a blind eye and let a drug company kill tens of thousands of Americans for profit and now we're left with the mess, and it actually is in the oil and the bill. And it's a it's a human toll. You know it's like you can't bring that person's son back. You can't bring that person's brother back and it's fueling what's happening with the drug cartels, because this is the majority of their business mmm, because it morphed from oxy to heroin and fentanyl and a bunch of the other early, which makes total sense. You can tell that you know it's the same thing. I don't know if people know that it's the same thing, it's just that these drug companies have a pretty little packaging and it comes from a doctor, but it's the same as that you get down to Mexico shoot up in your arm pretty much. You know we're over medicating our people to a very high level here in this country and for some people. If the drug is what's going to help you then by all means, but it should not be the first move or the first resort, because the fact is a lot of the drug interactions and I've talked to many Americans who've. Had this experience, I think the doctor doesn't really know how the drugs gonna interact with you. It's like you know that I have you in the officer to be like. Take this. It's work for some of my patients and then you stub your toe. Here's oxycontin, oh yeah, like you were like. Why are you giving me like why you give me this painkiller? It's like I'm gonna, be alright. The bill I just take its take it right. What is going on right, yeah? If anything, we should be like really need. This, like you have, should have to beg me for this thing, because the the fact is, after they prescribed oxy. There was like I forget what the percentage, but there was like a you know like. Let's call it like non-trivial is like maybe like a 3% chance, you're dead within no, it was true. It was good doctor. There was like a there was like a you know, a 2 or 3 percent chance. You were dead within five years or ethic yeah. It's it's incredible like you go in for something non-lethal and they prescribe you something lethal and like a non-trivial number Wow. Well, in the in the that that's shocking and the essence of time, I want to ask you something: I've never heard you talk about what is your religious faith and you believe that faith is required to be President. I was brought up in an entirely secular household. I know my parents immigrated here and then met his graduate students and I can't remember them ever talking about their own faith as a kid I had many Christian relatives, and so we spent some holidays in church services and then I met my wife, Evelyn and she's Christian, so we're bringing our boys up in the church so and we now go to church as a family every weekend, I'm home, which unfortunately now is not that many weekends. For me, I always had this native belief in a higher power or God, or that there was something driving us. I always had this deep sense of right and wrong and I think that sense of right and wrong was actually driven by a lot of the comic books and science fiction novels and whatnot. I read as a kid where, like you know, they're like good guys and trying to do something positive. So what people ask my Bible, in other words, yeah the church that we belong to is very progressive. They got a rainbow flag up up front, certainly I'm very excited to have my little boys in that kind of environment because, like I can see that they love it. Oh yeah I mean your guys only months, but I mean you guys well we're sector. It's definitely a question because I my parents were pretty Orthodox but I'm. Not so now, I wonder like how do you like? Do you still do the holidays? Yeah yeah yeah? But what do you do? You think that faith is required to be president because to at least what's publicly known, that there's never been a secular or atheistic or agnostic president they've all, and it seems that is candidates- are touting their pious Ness these days as a requirement. I, certainly don't think it should be a requirement. I mean if you look up millions of Americans self-identify as non-religious or atheist and I have friends who are some of the best human beings. I know who don't observe a particular faith or religion. Some of them have even gone so far as to set up like their own type of community of like humanist beliefs, where you know you can have very, very deep values and love and not be part of a religious faith or community. So I, don't think it should be a requirement at all. If anything, I think we're somehow stigmatizing people who weren't brought up in a religion as somehow being less moral than others. But you know I, don't believe that for a second like again, some of my best friends that I admire the most are people that don't participate in any religious community. The freedom, divid I'm sure. That would be a great thing, and you know in the press, comments atheism, agnostic, non-religious people is actually the goro as the process growing group of well, if you want to say religious category of people right so I do think that non-religious people- don't don't feel represented in this country in many ways, so I think it's important I agree with that completely yeah and, as president I will be very proud, to represent non-religious Americans. God bless in a in a non ironic or I guess ironic way: I'm gonna go fast. The freedom dividend you're, giving people $1,000 a month. How does this play into what a lot of your fellow candidates are talking about with universal health care for a university by giving people $1,000 a month? Is the idea to empower them to make those financial decisions, or do you also believe that health care and university should be free in addition to the thousand dollars a month? Health care should not be breaking our backs in a way it is. My goal is not to give you a thousand bucks a month, so you can give it to the drug companies or why not like well yeah. We have to get our health care cost under control, and the best way to do that is to make a plan available. That's very inexpensive. A health care should be a human right, not means for these giant companies to make tons of money off of us. That's different than universities and education, because everyone needs health care. Frankly, only 33 percent of Americans graduate from college and that number is relatively stable, and so, if you decide to make College free you're subsidizing something that's going to be enjoyed by the top third of your people and just because you've made that education free doesn't mean that a higher percentage of college graduates are going to be employed in the kind of jobs that they want to be I mean I, like the unemployment rate, is 40 to 44 percent right now, and that doesn't miraculously change if I bring the cost down so we're better off putting money into people's hands so that they go to college is partially paid for they go to trade school, it's probably almost entirely paid for if they decide to start a business, they would need to take care of a loved one. We need to treat different paths equally. This is something I'm. A little bit troubled by the democratic recipe is that the Democratic recipe assumes that everyone's gonna go to college and that college will solve all the problems. Neither of those things seems to be true, but by the numbers again, the percentage of Americans graduating college has been essentially stable over the last number of years and, unfortunately, the rate of Americans who attend college and don't finish, has been rising. They you have a 41% chance of not finishing college within six years. If you start now- and that's that's really high, you know like that. What that suggests is that we're putting people into college that it's not a fit for they don't want to be there. They don't want to be there and I mean right now, sometimes they're, just like. Oh, it's too much money or you know, I have other responsibilities. So we need to have a more personal, a personalized solution that doesn't say college college college everybody. So if we're not paying for everybody's university, do you think that there's something some sort of regulation to do about the cost? Oh yeah? So that said, we need to get the cost of college under control, and what I'm proposing is that I looked at the numbers. Colleges got two and a half times more expensive, not because of professors. Not even because of facilities, it's because of administrators, the percentage of administrators to students has gone up. A hundred, fifty Brian I think I know why I think everyone watching this knows why. But if you're a university you're becoming more and more bureaucratic and complex and to send up hiring more and more non-academic administrators over time, and then you look up and be like well, of course, I need these twenty vice deans, because you know they're all very busy and they're all very nice people and then, if your costs just creep up each year, because of that, because no one ever forces you to bring your cost down and then examine whether you need all of these administrators. So, as probably, you suggest seem like that, there's some level of corruption in these institutions I would say that they have incentives at all cut the same way, and so here's the reality like I, ran a non-profit for seven years and when you're a non-profit you grow. And then, when you grow, you say: hey like I need to hire more people and then that person is there that job is there. It always exists and that's what happens year after year, so your cost creep up and if you're a university, you then pass those costs along to families and then the families look up and say: well, I can't afford this, but then the government says it's: okay, I've got your back, here's a giant-ass loan mhmh and so now we're up to one point: six trillion dollars in school loans. The universities don't have any incentive to rein in their costs and families feel like they have no choice but to pay. So what you have to do is you have to go to the universities and say: look you have to get your costs down and we're going to put an administrator to student ratio. That's in line with what you were 15 20 years ago as like a goal, and if you hit that goal then great, and if you don't hit that goal, then some some of the government benefits that you enjoy are going to get scaled back in various ways and the universities will. It would hate this. But then you look up and say: well, I'll figure it out and the fact is, the student experience would not be adversely affected if you were to get rid of half a dozen of these, like vice deans, that no one knows what they do. It's just right now, what's happening in our universities, is a microcosm of what's happening in a lot of our country or you have these bureaucracies that just grow and grow and then choke off the underlying activity. I mean that's happening in the healthcare industry. It's happening in our schools and these industries then become like a hidden tax on all of us. So that's that's. The move I would make. If you talk to people who are in the academic track, the people who got PhDs and want to teach or what not none of them have any tenure-track positions anymore. They're all getting pushed into these postdoc Purgatory's forever, where they get paid subsistence wages right, get they're, not getting rich right right. The educators not getting rich know what they're doing is. They've essentially constrained the number of educators, and then they've said hey. What's that you're some underpaid PhD, we're just gonna exploit you year after year, you're going to be in this non-tenure-track loop and then from our perspective, if you're in front of the students, it's all good and then the administrator ranks keep going seems to me. There's a epidemic in this country of things that are for-profit, that shouldn't be Yale's health care University. All these kinds of things. The tricky thing is that the universities are like technically nonprofits, but if you're nonprofit, you can still just keep on someone's, make no profit. Well, like someone's getting money, I mean there's there, university presidents and administrators are getting paid millions of dollars, I mean that is nice, but technically they're nonprofit, you know, and and that so, but your your statements, 100 percent, correct. It's like there are a lot of things in this country where people are making a ton of money like the prisons like the healthcare everything else. Well, it's time to wrap it up, no they're getting messages backstage they're yelling at me, they're saying wrap it up he's a busy man. He is grateful. Man I'm just grateful to be here with you all again, I wish all my campaigning was this fun and joy interesting. We just have an intelligent conversation. Thank you about a day and if you're listening to this, we have to solve the problems for you all the people who are going to inherit this country I understand, if you think politics is a total disaster mess, because it's depressing and it makes you think about the scope of the problems that are coming down on the next generation. I. Think it's criminal. What we've done to you all! We've left you this disaster I want to clean it up in the worst way, but I need your help to clean it up. I need to clean it up for my kids for Ethan and heelas kids for for anyone who's going to inherit this planet, so that we can look you in the eyes and say we did our best to leave you something we're proud of go to. Yank 2020 make a donation. Let's get yang back on the stage in January, I love, seeing you I loved having you back I'm a big fan, I'm yanking, all the way, as you can tell one Kay a month, god bless. Thank you so much for for coming back yeah. Thank you. Thank you all. So much so good luck and what more is there to say? Yang 20:29 is the next debate we're waiting yeah, my % hey, it's gonna be an iOS [Laughter]. We gotta keep checking in here. You know: I love it, but yeah I tell you tell you what that I'll pledge that I will I can be a running mate. I will pledge that we will do a special agent podcast from the White House. That would be something here that Super Troopers. Let's do that you can you can bring some no vice president, though yeah you know we have to vet you, okay, all right guys, we'll have a this. Is our last episode of the year yeah we are going to be taking a bout a month, break we'll be back in January for season three of the h3 podcast guys have a great Christmas holidays, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa parent I, don't know anything about Kwanzaa, but they throw that in there. So happy Kwanzaa. If that's what you do, Festivus may affect you. If Seinfeld fan- oh yeah, yeah, oh service for the rest of it, you want to wrestle me on the the trial. What did they call the trial of feets or the great feats of strength? Exactly? Let's have a feats to strength, off-camera, of course, yeah you'll. Take me you're, pretty tall yeah. You have good posture too, but I have a low center of gravity, so we'll see well have a good match guys. Thank you so much. This has been the h3 podcast, the most potent political show of our probably ever heavier Justin. So thank you. Everybody have a great holiday families, see you guys in 2020, yank 2020, calm, thanks everybody for watching you.