With us again is andrew yang the uh. Can I call you a futurist? Do we accept this title? You know I used to joke ethan that people call me a futurist, but I'm actually a presentist. It's all going on right. Now, that's and- and I was contrasting myself with other political figures who seemed stuck in the past. It's like everyone's arguing for some version of the past. So so I you know, but if people call me a futurist, I mean it sounds cool. It makes me sound with it and forward thinking, so I mean I'll I'll take it. That is a good point, though I mean the ideas that that you were speaking about. Only you know a year or two ago before kovid is already here now. Ubi was your: was your kind of main main uh platform and once kovit hit this whole ubi discussion came for front like all of a sudden. This isn't such a bad idea. Yeah majority of americans now support universal basic income that just came out this week and something like 76 of americans favor cash relief during the pandemic, which is, as you can tell, a very close cousin to universal basic income and we're getting a ton of economic data right now. That's showing that the money we're putting into people's hands has been enormously positive for the economy, for those individuals and families uh for people's ability to continue to spend money uh in their local communities. So it's been like a large-scale kind of involuntary ubi trial uh, but I'm happy to say that it seems like now it's mainstream wisdom and the majority of the american people support it. I just wish it didn't have to be under these circumstances, but thank you all because you were ahead of the curve. Pre-Pandemic you were like hey, that's, actually a good idea and then now we all look like geniuses, because everyone's like we should totally freaking do this. No, the timing was crazy because, once like once a pandemic hit and everyone started talking about cash relief like your name started trending on twitter, because everyone was like dude andrew has been talking about this right before it happened. The timing was unbelievable, but what the government has done, like you said, is cash relief. It's not really ubi, whereas a lot of other countries have gone beyond and just said. You know during during this crisis, we're going to give you cash every month. Our government has stopped short of that they're. They gave one time twelve hundred dollars. Is that enough? In your opinion, to to really help people get by? Well it's better than nothing, but it should have been recurring. They should have done that sort of thing every month for virtually everybody. I just want to say uh how happy I was to see you and gila with your help: economic relief, where you're just giving folks 500, which is an enormous difference maker. I know because we know we've been doing something similar, but our government should have been doing that kind of thing from day, one for virtually all of us and the thing that made me there's a lot of things that made me very angry about our approach uh, but we we're using the irs as a tool to get people these checks, and that was the right move under the circumstances, but it still misses a ton of people. There are a lot of people that are not filing tax returns that don't make enough money in many cases, and when we were trying to get money to people we were just doing what ordinarily people would do, which was like ben mowing or cash app or paypal. I mean that's how you and I send money to each other when we send each other money every night, which you know, that's not what I mean but like. If individuals are trying to send money to each other, you know like you, you can just do it um. So that's what my org has been doing our government. How can our government not use an app that, like millions of us use like if they wanted to get money to us like they could get money? I wonder: do they? It almost seems like too unofficial the government sending money to people through like venmo or something do they make their own proprietary thing like? How do they do that really within it just seems odd for the government to send a trillion dollars over venmo. It would have been awesome, though I mean it would have been awesome I agree is that is that a feasible here is that a reality dot gov? Actually, I should say cash app.gov, because I'm better friends with jack, app.gov, yeah so uh it's I mean it's fun that joke about how unofficial it seems um, but that is the kind of move that I wish we'd made, and at this point the vast majority of americans know. We need to do a lot more for people, I'm friends with a guy who has essentially a dashboard to the financial pictures of over two million american uh temp gig and contract workers, and so he's seeing their financial fortunes rise and fall in real time, and he said that, like their jobs started to evaporate in march, but a lot of them kept getting money from the unemployment benefits, and that was like the big lifeline for a lot of these folks and then he saw those benefits end in july and then all of a sudden stuff just starts heading down. He also said that the temp and gig opportunities have gone down by 60 percent writ large. So a lot of these people don't have jobs to seek out and they had money and now they're not having money and so he's seeing it all uh evaporate in august. So we should be doing more of what we did in april or we just sent people money. We should be doing it to virtually everyone every month to your point too ethan, because they're doing a lot of those sorts of things in other parts of the world right yeah I mean we're in this situation. I don't know how people are going to continue to get by because, like you said, the the benefits basically just stopped right, where, if you're unemployed, people are getting extra 600 on top of their unemployment, and I know for a lot of people, they said this is huge uh. This is helping me a lot. That's that's ran out now right, and so I I genuinely am supe and then, at the same time, you have a in a lot of places. The the eviction moratorium, uh expiring, and I feel like we're kind of on the verge of of a cliff that we're about to fall off. Of I mean and and and in the meantime the congress isn't isn't pushing any new relief bills or they're incapable of coming to some kind of compromise. I mean it just seems like we're right on the blade's edge right now now the fact that my friend with this company- and he has his real-time dashboard yeah like you- can see people's way of life deteriorating and disintegrating in front of you uh, something like 30 of americans had trouble meeting housing payments last month, and so, if you have an eviction, moratorium and uh and people's unemployment benefits start to dry up, um you're, going to see mass evictions and uh folks know are going to be in unthinkable situations pretty quickly. It really does make me very angry uh that our congress has been doing the obvious it's just showing how dysfunctional the government is. At this point I mean uh, it's why I ran for president, and you know now I'm shifting gears, because you know you have to do whatever you can to solve the problem. So now I shifted gears to giving money to folks like uh like you've, been doing. Thank you to everyone who donated yeah, um, uh and pushing for other solutions. Uh. You know I'm trying to get trump out, because I think that that none of these problems are going to get addressed meaningfully um unless we have a different set of leaders uh, but that nothing, I just said, should stop members of congress right now from doing what the vast majority of americans want to see in the form of cash relief. Again, you know it's like if 76 of americans are for something. Why is it so hard for our members of congress just to come together and say? Oh, let's just do what everyone right wants, and it's obvious and economists say it's the the right thing to do. Well, you know it. It was just baffling that, like they just they went on vacation congress just bounced. They went on vacation without a deal, and I mean it's like just losing faith in and the entire system of our of our government. I I was shocked that they just like. I find it so ironic that they're sitting on a cushy salary, they've got health insurance. They've got pension. They've got all these things that that normal americans would like to see from their jobs and for them it's so easy to just walk away and take a vacation while the rest. Well, the country is burning. I mean it's, it's crazy that that's even that they can even do that. Well, they're in their districts. Right now and hopefully they're hearing the same thing, they're hearing everyone say: yo get back there and [ __ ] pass uh this bill or recovery bill connection. I bet they're hearing that every day, all the time. I hope they are certainly like I've been pushing in any way. I can uh and hopefully reason it'll be mail. I just hope it doesn't require something uh disastrous for reason to prevail over there. Well, they say about americans. I think churchill said this. You can count on america to always do the right thing once they've exhausted every other option. Yes, so right now, they're going to exhaust the people somehow survive on nothing option and yeah that doesn't work. You know that the tough part is so. Let's say that I was a an awesome, uh spirited person and I ran for congress and then I won, and then I show up it's like you show up and there's like all this entire giant hierarchy that's been built up, and then there are like a couple of deal makers in your party and you're like hey. I would like to make a deal, but I don't have control over my caucus and then we have a few lead negotiators. The other party has lead negotiators in this. In this case it was, you know, mitch mcconnell, trying to rally the republican senators and see if they can reconcile it with nancy pelosi's uh uh house bill that was passed by the democrats. You go back to your district and everyone's yelling at you and you're like man. I, like, I can't get this thing done. I mean part of the problem. Is that you have these two sides in congress that uh they can go home without a deal uh and then blame the other side and say well. They didn't yeah um. There's been a lot of talk. I've seen of a four-day work week that seems to be something that that you've been focusing a lot on lately. I'll tell you from my experience when I was working a desk job in israel. I worked a normal office job five days a week, the whole nine to five nine to six, and I was that whole time I was like dude. I could. I could do this in four days easily I mean, when you're sitting at a desk, you waste so much time, and I always thought that that idea was brilliant, because it's got to do a wonders for morale right, I mean. Have you been reading studies in literature about that yeah? The data is tremendous around a four-day work week and it's also common sense, because work kind of expands to fit into whatever time you have. You know what I mean like. If I give you a bunch of stuff to do with being like you've got five days. It's gonna. Take you five days right. If I say you've got this much to do with your four days. It's definitely gonna. Take you four days well, especially with the promise of an extra you know week. It's motivating yeah, you know in israel. We only have one day weekend. So you know what's funny when I moved here. I was like this is like a dream. I love the long weekend but um I started to feel. Like god, I wish I had one more day and I started to feel guilty about that and, like I really can't get enough, can I like wait. Wait tell me more so israel, like uh, just as a foreigner which I'm guessing is saturday yeah, so um sunday is the first day of the week. It's not monday, so that is wild. How about like? I consider myself a fairly worldly, cosmopolitan person, and I did not know that yeah um school is sunday through friday and you only have saturday off they go to school six days a week. Can you imagine that hell yeah all right, I'm gonna say something. Please don't judge me um yeah. I went to a prep school that had classes on saturdays, so I actually had. Oh my god. You can imagine that so weak, and so I can't imagine it and it was not pretty horrible yeah. So I I just read about it only recently because you've been talking about it and I find the whole idea so interesting and I think I want to read more about it and learn what it really means, because we actually have a business and we have maybe 20 employees. So we could decide to go that route for everyone, but I would have to know like what exactly it would mean yeah. You should look into it for sure and then maybe even run like a trial in your case, you'd run a trial, but the data is very positive where it says that productivity uh either stays the same or goes up in the sense like you get the same amount of work done uh and then there are reduced stress levels. Increased morale, like the people use that extra day off in a way that they find restorative and uh productive. In, like a you know, personal way, and so it's me- it's like upside on the personal side and the on the business side of the productivity side, uh, there's really no loss and in some cases there there are positives right so uh and to me society-wide too america in particular, and you guys have like a very distinct uh job. If I do say so, but you know, but like america generally has this uh this workaholism problem or some one person called it workism, which is probably like, maybe a better name um, where keynes projected decades ago said we'll be down to a 15-hour workweek because we'll be so rich and it turns out his estimates of the top line were right like we are as rich as he said, we were going to be, but our work. We are actually migrating longer, not shorter because of the nature of corporate culture and the economy where it's like. You have to be always on and um available and the work kind of creeps, and that is what's happening right now and it's driving health problems stress problems, relationship problems. You know like that. There are uh a lot of signs already that the american work culture is kind of morphed into something uh not terribly healthy, and so I think a four day work week would be a massive improvement for many many corporate cultures and I gotta say like a lot of the times: you're you're there like you're, not doing [ __ ], no, like you know, probably like one day a week, you're just like I didn't, do [ __ ]. Today I mean I was, I probably was spending 30 hours a week on reddit I've. I've gone to pages of reddit that men have never even known I've been to thousands of pages back unknown pages have read it. That was my job guys when you're at israel you're like someday, I'm going to be a massive internet creator and I'm going to spend my time mining like the deepest depths of the internet in preparation, yeah. Exactly you know. In finland, in finland the prime minister had called for employers to allow employees to work not only four days but six hours a day, so they are taking it to the next level. That's some next level stuff. I might. I might not go to that that extreme, but but I like, where their heads are at right now does not work yeah in finland, they're saying no work, but you know uh I'll. Tell you what, because, as business owners we're always thinking about like morale, and you want to retain the good and the you want to retain the talent and make sure that they're happy and satisfied working there. So I'll tell you what on a four-day work week, I don't think anyone's going to leave your company yeah, I mean it sounds like your morale and retention would be very, very high. I'm sure your staff that are listening to this are like suddenly nodding being like yes yeah. I don't. I don't know if I can do that for you, dan and ian, because we have a production schedule. What can I do? I can't give you the you know what I'm saying I mean, I'm sorry, I used to work in movies. This is this is easy by comparison there you go, so you don't work this like uh 14 hours days regularly. Well- and this is uh someone, because I've also run startups and most of the startups I ran uh. We worked our asses off, you know what I mean so like it, so there isn't like uh. There isn't some something against hard work. I mean I, I love working hard. You know that was one of the funny things about running for president on universal basic income, where people like what about work and then like, depending upon my mood, I would have responded different ways, but sometimes I'd be glib and be like I'm asian. I love work people, but then you know back off a little bit, but but that that is one of the fallacies right about the ubi people say: oh you're, just not going to work, but I feel like that's such a misunderstanding of the human condition. I mean nobody just wants to have no purpose in life. I mean that's, that's outrageous. Well, this is the thing that that, like you know like makes makes you laugh is like they'll say two things simultaneously. One work is the most important element of human life and without it we are lost and two no one will want to do it. If you give them a little bit of money right, yeah, that's great those two things don't really come together, it's like, if it's so crucial, then wouldn't we do it anyway. Maybe I think it's slightly better. That's a great point I feel like also the beautiful thing about ubi is that it goes to everyone at any different position that they are in life. So you could be having a crisis. You could be having a meltdown mental thing that doesn't allow you to work right now. You know you could be having a physical injury that you can't work right now, even if you want to so it reaches everyone at different places in their life. You know, of course, yeah like it's. It's funny that you're just thinking about this one situation where you're healthy and you do want to work but like you're not going to work because you have money because you're getting it yeah. What if you have an ailing loved one, what if you have a young child or something or mental illness, or no yeah like right? Now we have this incredible the dynamic. Well, we have a yeah or you're in a pandemic. We have this homeless problem homelessness problem, that's just kind of crushing l.a right now and if you gave each homeless person uh. If there was that bottoms, you know social safety net. I think you would see a lot a lot less, almost probably to zero in terms of homelessness. You know now, if you had that level of resources, you could reduce homelessness very, very dramatically the issue. It would be the transition, because some of the people that are homeless right now are have mental health problems or drug addiction problems and then, and and don't may not even have a bank account where, instead of trying to send you the money like what what's going on but over time, if you knew that everyone had this money that they were entitled to, then you would reduce homelessness pretty quickly, because then it would just look around and be like wait a minute like. What's going on, this person has got like thousands of dollars of a year in value. Like you know, I just need to freaking um, make sure that it's actually uh working for them in a way and and to the extent that people aren't in a position where it would work for them because of their own volition, like it'd, actually be pretty straightforward to like help it work for them where you'd have like an organization being like every homeless person I like bringing to the shelter like we're, gonna get thousands of dollars. So, like let's go get that done, I mean it it's. It is funny how uh market-driven everything is in the u.s, but if you give everyone intrinsic value, then all of a sudden, like the market value, starts kicking in for people. You know the other. The other kind of nice thing I like about the four day week is something I I always thought about. When I was working in my my desk job, it's like you, pointed out this kind of uh workaholic knit. I think it's kind of in israel. It's the same. You know in a lot of developed countries or around the world. I think people just have this um overwhelming uh pressure social pressure to show how much they care about their job by working unreasonable hours. You know it's like in in europe. I was always blown away by the fact that people get like an entire month off. You know and they're august freaking. Everyone disappears. I mean that that to me is, is unfathomable, that uh and then the thing that that blew my mind is when you learned that, like chinese new year, even in china, these people people are getting a month off. You don't see that are two months off, even in no month off in america we don't have that a little less than a month. We don't have that they travel back their hometowns. In many cases I think it's less than a month, but it's significant um, though their work week, I think, is like the israeli model of six days. Oh really well, so they work hard. But the thing is in israel too. You don't have that. Well, you get holidays, but not like a designated time off and so to me, it's like we. We, as human beings, need to be defined by more than just our jobs. Now I think a four-day work week would be a massive value out of the united states, but I think that you know you wouldn't make it uh one size fits all for every organization, because I've been parts of some organizations where you probably want to have. You know like a longer work schedule and there are certain types of roles and um where it makes sense, but I think, as a default setting where, like the expectation is of a four-day work week, I think would be an incredible improvement in large part, because what you just said, ethan, which is like what is the purpose of life yeah um? Is it our job or is it something bigger that integrates a job includes a job, but it's not like exclusively a job, so uh. The four day work week is something that to me would actually make work like an appropriate part of our lives right um. You know uh in a way that, right now we have to be honest, that it's just creeping upwards, like it's, it's going like from five plus into like that zone uh and I'm a data guy, and there are very, very clear signs that right now it's having a damaging effect on our health, mental health stress levels, relationships, family formation, um and all of that stuff was pre-pandemic um, the the post in the pandemic uh. We just have to do anything we can to give people like a real sense of well-being and even folks who are doing well. Quote-Unquote, like relatively speaking during this time, are not exactly like necessarily mentally doing well. You know, there's just a lot of there's a lot of stress right now that I think, if you had a couple of days a week or three days a week where you were genuinely disengaged from work, it would be like enormously helpful for so many of us. Do you see yourself doing that? You know it's funny. It's like it certainly sounded like. I was talking about myself. Just then um I mean for for me, I'm in a similar boat to you. I think where you know we're in a situation where we're just trying to do positive things and help people like I'm very busy right now, uh. You know I just spoke at the dnc last night and then I went and talked about my speaking at the dnc late later in the night. So you know we're distributing economic relief like you, we're working on this data project where we're trying to get people paid for their data, I'm helping these down and ballot candidates who are running on universal basic income because we got to try and make it happen for folks. So I'm campaigning for them all the time. Uh, I'm campaigning for joe and come on against trump, so I'm busier than ever, and it's cool in the sense that, like the world is on fire and I I feel like um thanks to you and thanks to you, some other folks who believed in in me like, I feel like I've got something of a fire extinguisher yeah and I got a fire extinguisher um. So, like I, better [ __ ], try and put the fire out, because you know it's like not. Everyone has a fire extinguisher um, it's just like you guys. Where you looked up too. You were like wow there's a lot of freaking need and suffering right now and like I can help. So you tried to help like I'm in the same boat. You are where this is a time for me to like not worry too much about. You know, like you know my own uh, like balance [Laughter], I mean right, it's I think it's different for entrepreneurs or people who manage. I mean, obviously it's it's important, but for people who don't have much of a choice in the matter. You know who are expected to do things. You know when you were. You were running for president. You made it super far. What were you like? The fifth candidate around there? You know something like that. You don't remember the exact number. Well, there were different kinds of. We could go no yeah they're different level, but I mean I'm thinking about the people that were yeah. I might have been. Sixth, I like five- let's say five top five: let's do it. Why not? But I mean I was yanking all the way I still am when you left the when you dropped out of the presidential race, you endorsed uh joe biden, and you got a lot of [ __ ] for that, and I was fascinated by the rest. You remember that I was fascinated by the response of how people felt betrayed by the fact that you had endorsed joe biden. What I mean, what was that experience like for you to get to have some of your uh supporters turn on you? You know I spent a full day or so just responding to people being like hey. I understand why you're angry like uh, because I appreciate everyone who supported me a great great deal uh and you know if they disagreed with my uh, my opinion or judgment or decision at that time. I just wanted to try and uh explain um and in my case too joe called me and asked me for my endorsement and I essentially like I was like look, I kind of want to let this process play out uh and then I endorsed him when um to me he was going to be the nominee and I was like all right like I should do what I can to unify the party right, um and and bring us together um. So I understood I understood where people were coming from uh and I tried to address it and hopefully, over the past number of days and weeks like you know, more people have um come to understand like the situation we're in, and you know like, hopefully they're going to support joe because to me it's joe or trump and um, but I get it because I I was the burner. I like bernie a lot and bernie was right about so much, and so, if someone was like [ __ ], you yang, like you know like you, you like uh, endorsed the wrong guy. I'd be like. I totally get it because, like I love bernie too and like you know at that point, he had pretty much had no chance of of winning. It was yeah. I I I am the math guy. I saw the math and I was like this is not. This is not gonna happen because, like you know like like I'll put it in, you know actual terms he needed to win michigan um in a significant way to have a chance and- and he did not, and then I was like this shit's over like uh, you know like because he he like won michigan uh last time so, like you saw, you know like if he didn't win it this time against joe's, it was like. You know, there was no pass. What is it like to get a call from joe biden asking for your endorsement? What does he say to you uh? He calls I mean he's joe, so he's like he's like hey pal, like you know, like you know, like uh, like how's how's, the family, that you know we make small talk for a little bit and then he's like hey. Could we use your support like like? We need you uh so, and you told him, let's go. That's pretty epic, I will. I will say this, and this is something that um. So there are folks who are running. Who are politicians and some would take that as a pejorative and I use it as a pejorative or like a negative term myself. Sometimes like. Ah politicians, you know, because I don't really consider myself much of a politician um, but there is something to be said for folks who are effective at reaching out and like calling in one joe's one of those people joe's like a bridge builder and relationship builder um. So it you know it's and I I have to say like when you get that phone call like it does make you like more likely to want to help the person yeah. You know you're, like oh [, __ ]. You know because you're, a human being like the human being, calls you and is like hey. You want to help but be like you know. You feel like a bit of an [ __ ] being like I mean no sorry. I can't do it it's kind of amazing, from what like what one or two years ago, from where you were to getting a call from the vice president. Asking for your support, I and I'll say like you know joe called me more than once too you know. So it's not even like this. Like you have his number, you have a cell number um, so joe's, not really the texting type. How does it go? Does the call come from like I've got joe uh? I've got uh the vice president on the phone yeah. In his case, it's like I've got the vice president. I think yeah in that sense, some of the other candidates. You know we actually do. Text like we've got each other's cell phone numbers um, but but joe you know, like joe he's, also cool. True trader number yeah. It's like you know like the um, but I did get it and you're right too, that that, like the ascent um was uh, you know very dramatic and and rapid again, largely thanks to people like you and hila who understood uh the problems I was trying to solve and like the approach I was taking and had like the vision I mean, I uh super appreciative to both of you, because you're so human and there's something about some of the roles that we all have where uh and you know so. You know you remember your office job in israel and why not and like you, weren't being paid to be like ultra human. At that time you were being paid to like do whatever the heck, the role they needed you to do for uh x days, and it took people like you getting behind me to get me to a point where I could make a positive difference. Uh, it's one reason: I'm thrilled to be back with you all, because um yeah well, you know I mean I just love and appreciate both of you and feel like we're in a similar boat where you're looking around the world. Just saying like is this really where we are and yeah, let's try and move it move in a better direction? Are we looking at a cabinet position what's going on here, uh? So that's there's! Absolutely nothing has been. You know, uh discussed in like a hyper-official level, but unofficially um in the conversations we've had people like we'd love to have you on the team and we'll work with you like things like that, I love it. What do you want to be? What's your dream? What's your dream position there, so what I've been saying uh to folks is that I want to try and speed us up on these technology issues and- and we could you know- I think the three of us could talk about this stuff for hours, but our government is just so out to launch on technology issues, and so that could be ai. That could be the selling and reselling of our data that could be uh, media and social media. That could be mental health issues that are attendant with smartphone adoption on the part of teenage girls. They're. All of these issues does that cabinet position even exist. It does not all right and there's there's a part, but there is an advantage there because uh. If they created a new role for me, then it's not like they'd be blocking anyone out, because it's not like they're like 15 people being like hey, I really want to be. Can we create innovation and technology? Can we create a new cabinet branch? Yes, that is something so yeah. You can that's the short answer. I mean that that seems like a great, a great place to go and perfect yang style, cabinet of technology, secretary of technology, secretary of technology and innovation. Actually, the washington post just just put that out there. Today they said: here's the cabinet, we recommend- and they said andrew yang, like a secretary of technology, innovation that advises all of the other uh cabinet members. That would be amazing. I'm lobbying for that. From now on, can we do anything I actually think joe? Would, I think, joe, could garner a lot of of uh support by by making that happen. Do we have any input in making that happen like? Can we do anything well if, if people were to, if there was a groundswell of support being like hey joe, like if you signal to everyone that you're going to name andrew the secretary of technology and innovation, who would help us vote for you um, they might do it because there's no reason not to really I mean like again: it's not like a role that exists presently, and so you know it would make him seem forward thinking. So, if enough people and this stuff, you know it's not uh- that under the radar in the sense again the washington post just recommended it yeah so and when I've spoken to people that, like me, they were like well. This, like makes me more excited about joe, if yeah in this capacity, yeah totally okay. Let me move on to another controversy, cnn, the ultimate betrayal. So after the uh after the uh after you dropped out you, then you took a um position at cnn as a how. How is it called it's like a political commentator which, by the way I love seeing you on there, I'm just kidding, I'm not I'm not criticizing you. But again. That was another thing where people like, oh yang, is working at cnn he's just he it's a total betrayal. What do you say to that? What do you say to people who say that, because a lot of people say cc, there see cnn as uh, fake news right so yeah? I know it's hard to say say cnn. So what do you say to that? This is another thing where I I kind of sympathize in the sense that when I was the mavericky outsider presidential candidate, you know like a lot of the media organizations uh. You know kind of marginalized me at various points and there are some people that are very skeptical of the news media. In my case, when they asked me said hey, you want to come on and talk about the debates. It was like a short-term offer and deal and to me it was like initially I was like. Oh, this can be something where I keep my uh. I keep my voice out there and, like hopefully, try and do something positive um, particularly because the campaign ends. You know, you're like thinking, okay, like I'm, going to start an organization and do these things but like it seemed like a way to maintain that place in the public eye and then and initially I was like well, you know who knows how long this will go for? Maybe I don't like it. Maybe they don't like me um and then they said to me very quickly. Thereafter they were like hey like we like you. You know you want to make this like a little bit, um more long-standing uh. So I would understand again skepticism where people like hey, like you know, screw the media um. In my case, it's like well, I used to literally like be like fight to try and get on these networks and be like. Please, please like get me on now. They paid and then now they're like having me on, and I can hopefully both push ideas that I think are important, but the other thing is that, like I thought it was very helpful to normalize me to more americans, because if you look up, we had like a donald trump in the white house in part because he was in everyone's living rooms for years, like you're fired and like this apprentice nonsense, and then people like oh he's, like the boss, like you, know, and then sort of sort of like life, imitating reality where it's like. We should make that guy president uh so like I started out as such. The uh outsider figure that I thought that if I could become more familiar to more americans where it's like, oh, I trust that guy, you know he's like for some people that are like listening to this being like. I would never trust anyone on that, but you know there are many americans who who would trust someone more if they were on their tv set consistently for a period of time. I love it. Whenever I see you there, it brings a smile on my face because usually that makes me so happy. Usually it's like so depressing having this stuff on, and I don't know it's just it feels so repetitive and you know what they're going to say, but you always have this freshness about you and you just talk simply, and it makes sense and you get good ideas so well. Thank you. I agree like yeah, so it's been uh. It's been an interesting experience for me because uh like I then never really done. That kind of media pre, my presidential run um, but I'm glad that you find my presence uplifting and then I say something reasonably. I think you make a really good point, though, because it's like, if you think cnn, is fake news and full of all this crap. Why don't we get someone on there? Who you know can bring a dose of uh reality and realism to it right? So, maybe because they don't do they give you notes. Are they like yo? Here's our talking points we got to stick to this like? Is there any kind of shadowy behind the scenes? [ __ ], going on uh? There has not been where I'm concerned. You know they just stick a mic in my face and being like andrew. What did you think it just happened, and then I'd like to say something and then you know like no memos I've gotten zero uh direction and zero feedback. There has never been any like hey yang, like settle that [ __ ] down or you know like or like you know, you said, tulsi gabber's name or whatever, like there's been zero of that it's been always like you're, clear, get lost, [Laughter] so um, so so that that's also something you know. It's like it's felt positive where just this week at the uh dnc or whatever I thought like aoc, had been uh miscast frankly like and underutilized and then getting the chance to say that on cnn I was like oh, this is great. I got really excited. I could actually point out something I think it's like a real problem with what um you know with the decision that was made um yeah. So I I hopefully people like still feel like it's me. I guess, like I haven't become some. Definitely I can say. As a supporter I mean that that yeah, it's it's yang on tv how's, that is that a good job. They pay you all right. It's not it's not uh. You know it's no teddy fresh, but [Laughter] uh, but you know I mean they do they. They do pay me every month. How does it work? Do you just on call from a certain I've always wondered how those jobs work because they have shows they have different like commentators and then they bring in the people to do the the co-commentary. So are you on call a certain hours a day and then they zap you in? How does that work? Yeah? I never knew how it worked either and I'm still not sure if this is how it works for everyone, but I'll tell you how it works for me. So so they say is they say: hey um just be available and then I'll get a ping from someone. Typically at least 24 hours in advance. Saying like this show would like to have you on uh to talk about something that happened uh or something in my wheelhouse um and then the other thing that will happen was they'll, be like hey there's this occasion, let's call it the the democratic national convention where we want you on every night from this set to this. So those like the two types of do they um contacts they get so do they pay you a retainer, or do you get paid more, the more air time you get? I get a retainer so like it's. The expectation is just that you know if they ask me to do something that I'll be reasonably available, but if, if I say like hey yeah, that seems like a good one, I'm just not free that day, then they'll be like all right. It's like wow, that's awesome! So congratulations. I mean congratulations on the job. I think it's great, I'm happy you're doing it uh usps. Why do we? Why should we burn usps to the ground? Andrew tell me: what should we do about usps? Do we destroy it? Do we dismantle it? It's not profitable. I mean that's not really the summary ethan, it's like an american life, it doesn't make money, kill it. If you don't make money you're an infant die. You know it's like what whatever the heck is that the problem is. I mean that's pretty much where we've gotten to in american life. Now, where, like we're, trying to try to turn everything into an economic instrument, and if, like it's, not uh profitable, then you know it should stop existing uh, so the post office, I will say I think that um the the attack on the post office stuff, like I, don't think it's going to um impact the fundamental operations of the post office. But it is true that we we need to uh. We need to fund the post office to a higher degree and just accept that look. It could be that mail does not make money uh on a you know, an in on an annual basis uh, and there are ton there are tons of things that we do that make our post offices less competitive anyway, it's like expecting it to make money and then keeping it from doing things that could make money. It's just so dumb and I don't know israel is really smart, so you probably already do this but like in a lot of countries, they give the post office other [ __ ]. To do you know it's like you can do like basic banking services from the post office like there are things you can do here in the us it'd be like. Well, you can't do that because it would compete with like the check, cashers or whatever, like these. These private firms that do various like you can do a lot of routine stuff in post offices around the world in the us, like you, know, they're real restrictions on all of that stuff. That's true! I think you can do some stuff. I can't remember right now. I think you can cut you can convert money right stuff like that, but I but look it's in the name. It says postal service, it's a service yeah, it's it's literally, just something! That's supposed to be uh provided to us uh, and I saw something it was really interesting where we invested a ton in the post office early on just to connect communities. You know like that, where, literally you had these frontier settlements right, you had to like have some dude and a horse and like a sack, a male like getting them their mail like there were massive investments just to try and connect people, and that connectivity helped lead to trillions of dollars in economic development over time uh and then at some point we turned on it. We're like you, got to make money like every day. You know it's just like it's like an investment in civilization right and I mean, if you deliver a letter to the middle of like uh, some super remote location in nebraska. I mean there's just there's no way that that will ever be profitable. You know, but we do it to keep our country modern and connected. It's like you, said civilization, and that post office in nebraska is a freaking hub for that town. You know like that, like they literally go in and it's one reason why I think, having different purposes for the post office could be so important. There's another informal gathering space that I think could be key in a lot of communities and that's the town library, and it's like how the hell, the town, libraries, you know, won't make money. It's like you go in there they're like freaking charging your arm and a leg for like borrowing that children's book um, but but one of the things that the town library could do uh is to try and replace some of the thousand plus local newspapers that have gone out of business in the united states, because all the content got digitized and you can't make money off of uh classified ads anymore because it all went to the it went to craigslist. And so what happens? Is you get rid of the local paper in a town which is terrible? It's bad for democracy and like how can you vote on what's going on in your town, if literally no one's, even covering? What's going on in your town, it's very important for identity to have some kind of local publication, but in towns where the local paper uh got eliminated. What happened was the town library often ended up putting up like a bulletin board or like a community board that becomes the de facto? What is going on in my town situation? So you can imagine like a revved up version of a town bulletin board coming out of town libraries um, but like there are things we need to invest in uh in a lot of these communities that are getting decimated right now, because they don't make money. Well, that's I mean that's sad and I think it's something we really need to kind of change in how we view a lot of things that not everything's going to make money. I mean jeez. How do we convince ourselves that this was? This was the right way to evaluate things. I mean it's wild, I mean it's been a yeah. It's been like a massive conditioning of american. What is the last 40 years? What does it say about human beings as workers? You know, if, if you, if you can't look at anything and not see its value, if it doesn't make money, what does it say about human beings? Well, this is what I was running on before was that I I knew that we'd been conditioned to think that we all needed to be economically productive, and then I said you know what technology is going to surpass our productivity in a lot of these arenas, pretty quick and if we don't start evaluating ourselves in a different way, then it's going to lead to disaster and now we're seeing some version of it um with the pandemic uh, and so I think universal basic income would very quickly disentangle uh this confusion, the the the mixing of economic value and human value, because if you all just start getting money for breathing for living for existing, then you can start to feel like okay, we all have some worth that's independent of uh, how much money I'm making at any moment in time uh and then that alone would humanize your perspective really quickly. Do you uh? Are you you? I know you've already endorsed joe biden, but is there any chance we can get you to vote for kanye, 2020 vision, [Laughter]! Well, I'll. Tell you guys the story, because it's fun but like a mutual friend actually connected me with kanye cell phone and so like he was just like hey. I wanted to connect you with kanye because he wanted me to talk to kanye about his run. Uh, because you know I ran for president and psychiatry was going to tell katie what the presidential deal was um. So then kanye called me. I missed the call like uh, so I played phone tag with kanye. I got like a text message from him and uh and then um. You know when I was like you know like okay like if he wants to connect it'd be all good and we have some mutual friends. Um uh. I you know obviously like the friend that put us in touch was one and a nine others too uh. So uh, you know, kanye is a creative genius and uh like I'm. Definitely not gonna be voting for her, but that's interesting. You guys never connected. I would I wish you guys connected I'd love to hear that you know what I should do right now is. I should [ __ ] call ya while we're out there, okay, what's [Laughter], would you mind giving his phone number to ian ian? Our employee is a huge kanye fan. Is there anything you want? I don't meet your idols, you know ian. Is there anything you want yang to text kanye? Well, let's see, if I have this [ __ ] in my phone. Hang on [Laughter] ask him where the album is: that's it. Okay, it's 307 and I'm kidding. Bannon just went to prison for the great build the wall I gotta say build the wall, it's so funny. How it quickly went from mexico will pay for the wall to will pay for the wall too I'll, just I'll I'll I'll. Just keep the money. There's no wall, I'll, just pay for the wall to how about you pay for the wall. How about you pay me the money and then I spend hundreds of thousands of dollars in it. I mean it's it's it's incredible! That um. Were you blown away by that build the wall gofundme? Because when that came out it was blowing my mind. I mean it was just. It was so active I couldn't not. I saw people saying I just donated my entire tax refund three thousand dollars, and these are not rich people right. I'm sure they could have really used that money, especially now and like 25 million dollars. How many, how much wall does that get you like quarter mile? You know actually, so I did this exercise when I was trying to figure out what was going on with, like the truckers and like how much would cost to lay a highway across the country that would just accommodate robot trucks. I was trying to figure out like like, if you're going to save tens of billions of dollars a year like, would it just pay pay off just to like make a a highway? That's like eight lines wide, that's just for robot trucks, and I did the math and it turns out yeah you could you it actually would pay for itself. If you just decided to [ __ ], like just like, like lay the robot super highway, just wait. How much robot trucks go back and forth um it costs somewhere in like the the low billions? That's it. You get your money back um over time. Wait when you say when you say low billions. Are we talking like like below 500? What does that mean low billions? What's what's well, so I was like one, so it was, and so I you know I haven't done the math in a while, but like I was, I was trying to figure out. I was like so this. The cost savings around uh, automated trucking are tens of billions of dollars a year, and but the main impediment is our infrastructure because, like we have, you know big highway problems, and you also have this uh political problem that if you had a robot truck that uh killed someone on the the highway that people would be like. Oh, like you know, [ __ ], the robot trucks um. So then I was like okay like like. Could you make it so there was no pedestrian traffic on this highway um by just making a new highway, and I was like how expensive is it to make a new highway in the united states of america? So, like I found out what like the per mile was, and then I like the thousands of miles the rest of it. So then, like you'd do a similar estimate for the wall. It was where I was going. It was like how much does it cost to make a wall over like like how long it's like? What kind of wall can I get for 25 million, not much of a walleye? I mean I'd I'd, love to see what like and and the the thing I mean all of its averages, because, like there's certain parts where you get a lot of wall for that much money because, like the train's, really nice and then other places you could be like, I can't build a [ __ ] wall here, like you'd, have to find like the most upper two place in any way um. Well, it is fantastic. I think that they ended up just parked. I mean they didn't really pocket the money, but they like bought a boat. They were they actually well steve. Bannon got charged for um laundering, money and wire fraud, so they were like were laundering the money they were funneling it and like the guy who set up the foundation bought a boat, it was [, __, ] awesome like there's, always a boat involved, yeah there's always a boat. That's that's! That's the cardinal rule! Isn't it yeah? It's like, like you know, I did something illicit. If I just turn up and be like. Okay, you gotta come see the boat yeah exactly. It always has some name that somehow related to some shady way. I made the money being like steve. Bannon got arrested on a boat. Even oh, he was on the boat when he was arrested. It wasn't his own boat. He was on. It was actually a weird twist to the story. He was on some chinese billionaires boat and they boarded the boat and arrested him out on the high seas. It was like an interception what the heck- that's wild, that you know that sounds like a movie scene. Yeah, like chris hemsworth, like comes down to like the they should have sent chris hemsworth to arrest him. That would have been awesome. Yeah. I see a true documentary coming out about this called build the wall or something about like the high crime documentary andrew. If you get this cabinet position, which we're all hoping for tell me tell me what are those first things that you think like you're sitting down in america, you're part of the president's cabinet? What do we need to do? First? What is the most pressing things we need to address in this country, america? I mean clearly it's cash relief and universal basic income. You know it's like that's like the simple thing um it sounds. You know that's to me the single best thing we could do for people. So let's say, if you say something technology related, then I I you know I I'd actually choose something related, which is what we talked about earlier around the fact that we didn't actually have a system set up to get people money. So we use the irs check, distribution system um, and I think it's bad for our confidence. In our government that it sucks so bad at a lot of these things, where like, if you go to uh your bank's website or whatever you just expect, [ __ ] to work generally at a certain level, um and then so you'd be like well. Why did the government have something so one thing: I'd love to invest in would be essentially a citizen portal where, if there was something like we're trying to get you money or trying to get you information or so the lamest version of this would be a citizen portal where it's essentially like here are all of these links to other [ __ ] government websites that you can go to like. That would be the the absolute worst version. The best version would be so [Laughter]. You know I mean like one of those boards where it's like here's, a freaking flurry of websites to go to [ __ ] you, but no, but like like the good version, would be like a a slick interface where you know like the information from let's call it, your tax returns, uh or uh from uh the passport office or wherever the heck like could actually be compiled. Because part of the thing that makes me angry right now is that, like you're hearing a lot of messages from folks all the time associated with politics, which is like trust, us trust us, you gotta trust us and it's like well, like you guys, don't really deliver at the same level as like some of the other organizations I'm used to interacting with um. So I would love to try and help the government deliver at like uh on a technical level, because I think it would be enormous for our confidence uh. So that would be something I would love, especially if it was tied to universal basic income, because I think that there is a relationship where um. We need to actually know who you are know how to get you. Money have to have some kind of secure relationship with you and interface with you. If we're going to try and you know, add value, don't you think the big problem is that all of our elected officials- and even you know uh joe bide. I mean how old is joe he's like 74 or something like that. I mean um. I think I think he's uh like 76 or 77. I think um. I I don't want to misspeak. I should know that he's he's in israel, yeah, okay, oh you're, looking it up, yeah! Okay, let's see I mean, maybe when your team can yeah look it up. Uh zach he's uh 77 years old whoa. So don't you think, that's the! We need young people who understand this. Like a 70s I've, no 77 year old people they're not interested in cash app. Do you know what I mean? They understand checks and that's not their fault. It's just the way it is, but I think, like we have this tendency of electing, especially lately old people to office. Even donald trump is in his 70s right he's like 72 73 years old. I mean these, although he's a little 74. to be. Oh 74. check that one somehow he doesn't somehow trump. I guess he's got a young he's got a young energy yeah such an [, __ ] he's got that [ __ ], he energy a lot. I think he does a lot with this. He does like a spray tan and then he's used to the cameras. I think he just on camera. I think he comes off like that. Obviously I never met him in person, but I have a feeling. If you saw him in person, he would look that age. Do you I do give him credit he's. He has a more youthful spirit for whatever reason and he's on twitter. That's pretty that's pretty epic, but that being said, I don't think trump uses cash app either, and so what we need is peop is younger people. I really truly think we just need younger people and that's one of the reasons not. That was one of the reasons why I liked you right, and one of the reasons I like aoc is that we just like aoc. Does instagram live every like super frequently to talk directly with her uh people, yeah yeah, she's she's, like a digital native uh. I think the average age of a member of congress is 62 to your point, ethan. So he's not just presidential candidates right someone called it a gerontocracy, it's like a rule by the old. We essentially have a gerundocracy in the united states of america for a number of reasons. Uh. One of the main reasons is that after you get into washington, you should try and stay there forever and it's actually very hard to defeat an incumbent. So you have folks like um nancy pelosi, I believe is around joe's age um and she feels great, but she does, but our leaders are of another generation uh because of the way the structure this is the the structures are set up, and it's one reason why I'm four term limits um, where you should go to dc as a term of service, get something done and then get out, and it would help keep our legislators more current and fresh and modern to your point ethan, because if you go to dc you'll find it is not exactly a tech friendly town uh, you know, like you, go I'll, tell the story that was gonna make you angry, but it'll be totally consistent with your understanding of the world, so uh. So I was on the trail and then there was like this uh asian kid he's, like you know, mid-20s, maybe um, and he interned at his congressional office. And then they asked him to like uh. Do do something um uh like answering messages or data related like in the office, and he was smart. So he set up like a program to like automate the process and make it so that okay, like this thing, will like happen more seamlessly and, like you know, like less labor um. This will be great and then they yelled at him for it and said like no, we didn't want you to do that, like uh, like where we actually preferred the way that, like the other person, uh, could just understand and just like sit there and like just peck at it um all the time he was like what the hell is going on. There's like a congressional office, and so he left he now works at facebook. He like went and worked in dc for, like a summer, was like they are freaking stuck in like the stone age. Let me get the hell out of here and then he like peaced out to silicon valley, so like that that is the general culture in dc. Where you go there and you feel like you, just rewound uh like a number of years, and if you go into some of these government agencies, it's much much worse, because some of them have been underfunded. So you have like very strange patchwork technologies uh from past years. Uh you know, like I mean I might be exaggerating, but probably not my much like windows like 2005 or whatever, like you, go in and they'll just be a bit, maybe stuff all over um in in different uh different government organizations, so it that so that's that's the government. We have um and, like you said before, it's like not really anyone's fault um, but we need to try and speed them up um and if I'm in position to try and move that in a better direction like I would take it and do everything I could it sounds really. We have to necessarily yeah we have to do that. I mean, I think the I think the problem is that the rate of technology has cert has passed our our people. It's been going so fast that it's past them right. When joe biden was a one in his 40s, even 50s, like 25 26 7 years ago, it was uh, we were 1995., I mean, I don't even know that smartphones were popular, then I don't think no, not even close. They were not not even close right, so I mean in in his own experience in government. The technology has ran around them like 30 times so yeah, it's a new, it's a new world. They got rid of the office of technology assessment in 1995 the year. You just perfect the perfect time to get rid of it, yeah that they had a. They had a department that advised members of congress on what technology is jews. You know they should care about and, like the opinions like, why did they do that um? Why did they get rid of the office of technology assessment? Uh, you know like it was like to quote unquote save money, which is like the most asinine thing in the world, because the budget of the entire thing was like 25 million. It was like a [ __ ] drop in the bucket. You just had some smart people around telling you it's like hey, so you know where the legislators get their technology guidance from now. The technology companies and the technology companies are like do absolutely nothing, because everything is perfect and then the legislators are like yeah. That sounds about right like perfect. That yeah, whatever requires the least of me yeah so, and especially if you're donating 25 million to my campaign, that's fantastic. There was a period and it's been interesting to see the pendulum swing somewhat, so silicon valley could do no wrong for a long time where dc is connected, like oh you're, like the innovators, you're, the super value creators and you're rich as [ __ ], and you donate to my campaign. So let's just like leave you the heck alone and just sing your praises every chance we get uh and then that pendulum has swung because of uh like facebook, screwing, some things up and and some other problems uh so now everyone's starting to turn on a turn towards them and be like wait. A minute like you know, is this really been like cool? That amazon is, you know like uh, so one of the things that I think amazon did wrong there. You know a bunch of things but like there's diapers.com, where they just lost money on diapers for a while, just like for diapers.com to sell to them like, like amazon, did that sort of thing just because I don't I I know about that story. Correct me if I'm wrong, so they basically like diapers.com was a popular website. They're selling lots of diapers amazon lowered their price below that to the point where they were losing money just to put them out of business, and then they raise their prices back up when they go on they're, not cool yeah. I think that's, so they go out of business. It was like they come to diapers.com, be like hey guys. You guys are awesome how about takeover and then diapers.com is like no and then amazon's. Like oh we'll see about this, then they lowered prices to a point where diverse.com was like hemorrhaging money and then they were like okay. I guess we will sell to you now and then amazon's like that's what I thought and then, as soon as they buy them, then the prices go back up. That's a that should be. Is that illegal um that is illegal, yes, uh or it's illegal in the in the sense that it's uh, anti-competitive behavior, it's against anti-trust law um, so so that sort of thing has been coming out. Now is something similar with, and this was like to me, the biggest nonsense was when uh mark zuckerberg uh was asked like hey um, the people. The founders of instagram are worried that if they didn't sell to you that you were going to try and uh uh put them out of business and now compete with them go into destroy mode. I think was though the terminal used this destroy mode and then mark was like no. I never would have done that, like we all know it's like like. If instagram hadn't sold uh to facebook, you know there would have been a freaking like instagram clone out like that uh, and so so that this is officially. You know. It violates antitrust law to do certain anti-competitive things uh like that, but the the reality is like, of course, that you know if you're in that industry, like you're, going to do everything you can to try and crush anyone who could potentially end up taking your business. I think you have to assume there's a lot of that going on. We don't know of with I mean any company that gets to be that big you're. Looking at the microsoft's you're looking at the amazons you're looking at the facebooks, I mean you can't I mean correct me: if I'm wrong, can you get to be that big of a company without anti-trust violations without somebody like competitive, behavior yeah? It would be difficult and the thing that most people don't realize now- and this is one reason why I think universe-based income, so vital among others, is that some of these companies have essentially just like left orbit in terms of business physics, like you think, okay, like I'm a company I need to like you, know, be ambition and treat my workers well and like sell, sell things that are profit. There are some companies at this point just like, like I'm worth a trillion dollars, I don't even need to make money. Nothing matters like. What's that you're, like a cool startup like I can buy you for 400 million dollars and everyone's rich, and I don't even care like they're, just so unfathomably big that, like that that not like nothing applies, I think tim o'reilly called it like super money. It's like at some point. You just get super money and then like nothing matters, and then we still try and pretend- and what was funny is when they got brought into congress like they pretend too, it's like. Oh, we started in the scrappy company they're like they think it's like freaking at this point, they're almost like countries unto themselves so they're, just so staggeringly enormously wealthy, and they have now at this point, their stock market valuations are propped up in so many ways that they can almost do no wrong uh and in that environment, they're, just gonna keep sucking up more and more value. Like that, the thing I kept saying to folks on the trail was like look amazon's worth a trillion. Bucks paid, zero in taxes, soaking up 20 billion dollars a year in commerce, closing 30 percent of your stores and malls, and that was pre-crisis. It's, like you, know these. This thing's like a black hole, so it's just gonna just suck more and more value in and we're not gonna, see anything coming out, um and you think it's like. Oh it's because they're like out competing at some point. They just left orbit and it and that the funny thing about amazon is like there have been periods in its past where it didn't even make money. But at this point you look at it and being like there was a walmart executive who complained to me. He said, how can you compete against a company that doesn't even need to make money, and this was walmart which is sort of ironic, because yeah walmart, obviously like crushed every yeah like mom and pop retailer yeah, like I joked with the walmart folks, it's like they were like the tanks that came to american communities around the country, just like ran over every mom and pop, and then they were like we did it. We conquered america and then amazon's like a [ __ ] spaceship like hovering over them. It's like we don't need to obey the laws of gravity anymore they're like walmart's. Looking up like what do we do, and then you have our government over here and like that they're. Just like you know, the government doesn't understand what is going on and just looking up being like yeah like amazon's a company like any other, that's like the it's yeah, they have their own, and I mean, if you look at what's going on with amazon like jeff bezos is so rich. He bought the washington post with essentially like pocket change from his couch, like you know, like the washington post, is a very, very influential publication. That happens to be like the main news source in our nation's capital. Like do you think that you know he literally and, and he has been relatively hands off like he has- he doesn't go in and be like right about this right about that. But it is it's telling it's that, like amazon up here, jeff bezos, like you know up here and then, like you know, our nation's major media, like news source for our legislators, was like down here and he was like yeah like sure he just like like took a couple hundred million out of the couch, and just you know I mean he's worth at this point, hundreds of billions anyway, sorry, no, that was fascinating and I think it under really too it's terrifying. I think that analogy of it's like walmart came in with the tanks and but they weren't thinking big enough and amazon came in with the ufo spaceship and just zapped them. I kept thinking about the video games you play when you're, like you keep finishing, and you replay it again with all the upgrades yeah just way stronger. Every time. Okay, yeah read big strong. I want to wrap this story because it's to me it was interesting. So the founder one of the founders of diapers.com was a guy named mark lore. So then amazon crushes diapers.com absorbs them. Mark lore becomes rich but he's mad at amazon. So he comes back for revenge years later and starts jet.com raises. I think you raised like like 500 million dollars, a billion dollars being like we are going to out compete, amazon and e-commerce. Like he's like, I have found the way, okay and so then, so he got all of these investors to pile into jet.com and then jet.com is like spending. I do remember jet.com, no, no, no jet.com! They had, I think their color was purple. They had like jet and some smiley, so jet.com spends hundreds of millions trying to fight it out with amazon in e-commerce, and then walmart buys jet.com as a way to try and make themselves competitive against amazon in e-commerce. So so that's like the how it all fit together. It's like mark, laura, came back for revenge and then ended up like getting absorbed by walmart in a relatively futile attempt to try and bring down the spaceship. That's so weird what? Ah that's so funny? I guess it never happened. I mean walmart failed to to make it competitive. It sounds like yeah. I don't think it's worked out. I mean like it's uh had to do something hold on. Let's see, if jet.com is still, I mean, I hope, not it just literally redirected to walmart.com yeah uh. I think they paid a billion dollars for jet.com like if you can look, look up that were they just thinking like look. We can't deal with another one of these. I just wanted. It was literally to try and bring on mark lore to be like the amazon killer, because if there was like any human that represented like the diapers guy yeah, that was like the david, it was like a lie. There was this guy mark lore and he had a chip on his shoulder because he was like I'm back. You destroyed my diapers.com uh spaceship and now I'm back with like jet.com and anyway. I I found uh. That story really interesting in large part, because mark was so compelling that he raised hundreds of millions of dollars uh for an e-commerce company to try and rival amazon. I thought that was like the most amazing act of salesmanship I had ever heard. I was like wow. This guy must like be the most convincing dude in the world. Well, they all they all got. They all made money. It sounds like by by the end of it except walmart. I think that's correct, yeah yeah, that's correct, but I think it really underlies this issue of how can we possibly govern in the face of such super money? If our regulators and our elected officials don't even understand what they're looking at, like their understanding of what's going on at a company like amazon, is so uh terrestrial? If we're talking, if they're in outer space, these guys are, you know on the ground. Every week I go on amazon now I found I find more and more creepy stuff like at first. They just had a few like amazon basic items. Now it's like every product that you look up. They already have an amazon brand. That makes it it's amazing. I just I don't know it creeps me out yeah, it's super weird. They have, they have their own brand. For literally everything is as minute as like a pen, a lighter to as big as like uh. Well any clothing thing. You would look up like shopping products, every everything they have, it they're a machine. So what they do is they have this marketplace, and then they have this giant data dashboard. They figure out as soon as like something's selling. At this turn level right, they're like they go and make it it's just they they go and make it. And so you have these horror stories of this company being, like you know, I sold on amazon. I was happy until one day like you know the their competitor came and I couldn't get into the search listings and now I am dead and like they they're this giant uh money machine that just comes in and like it's, a combination of like endless resources and endless access to us and our needs and then endless data uh in like there's. No, there is no real competition, um there's something like there's something that has changed about: capitalism, um and and the problem is that we pretend it's still like the 70s and 80s like that. There is like a genuine market between firms. When you have these, these companies that have just reached unprecedented scale, size resources and it's being facilitated by this new version of of the markets where there are certain companies that just everyone's going to pile into, because they're absorbing more and more of the economy. It's like you, you look up, and just you know you ask anyone. It's like um, you know like, like amazon apple, facebook, uh google would be the big ones where you just look up and being like hey. You know if you close your eyes and open them 10 years from now like do you think those companies will still be um, kicking ass and dominating like the answer? Is yes, unless uh, unless the government were to change something for one of those companies and you're, starting to see glimmers of that possibility, because people are starting to recognize some of the extremes um, I I may be part of this conversation moving forward too uh, oh jeff bezos just found his biggest worst enemy he's not mark jeff, you've been looking in the wrong place. You've been looking the wrong way. Okay. In closing, I want to ask you one final question: you have endorsed uh joe biden. Tell me: why do you think joe biden will make a better president than donald trump? Joe biden would make a better president of the donald trump on many many levels, but the things I love about joe number, one he's actually a good dude, who cares about people and like wants, must do right by people number two is he's really not very ideological, he's more of like a pragmatist. Where he's like, what are we gonna do and, as part of his pragmatism, he's a consensus seeker, he tries to figure out what the folks around him think is the right approach and he's not going to be someone being like no screw. You like I'm sure, like the way to go, and it's not what you're saying like he'll actually be like well. If people uh think that this is the way to go like I'm into it, and then the third thing uh is was something I said um at the convention, which is that joe has this quality, where anything he says, becomes the new reasonable um like he came out with a two trillion dollar green energy proposal that could have been straight out of the bernier arc like uh playbook, and if one of them had said it, people would have been like. Oh, like you know, aggressive pie in the sky and then joe says, and everyone's like yeah. That's cool [Laughter]. You that that that, if joe gets on board with something or champions and then all of a sudden, it becomes the new mainstream. And so you have to ask yourself: it's like okay, maybe I disagree with john some stuff, but it's like what what's my preferred path, trying to convince joe that this is a good idea or trying to convince donald trump that he should. You know like adopted, a complete, completely different approach to governance, uh and yeah. I mean that that to me is a no-brainer mm-hmm andrew yang future secretary of technology and innovation, love this potentially, and if that happened, I certainly have you two and a lot of other people to thank. But the big thing right now is just for us to help each other try and get through this mess, and you know, stay strong and healthy ourselves, because you can't help anyone if you can't. You know like uh help yourself, but then, if you do have the capacity to help others, please do lend someone a hand, because, like someone in your life needs a hand, can we count on an interview from washington dc a year from now yeah I mean definitely like. If I'm the secretary of technology, innovation, uh, then we'll have so much to talk about and yeah, I agree I'll even end up being like one of these types of being. Like hey, send me, I ideas citizens, because I am now your and andrew. If there are ufos, will you tell us that you have access? If I find out there are ufos uh, I will tell people because we all know they're there already. Okay, andrew. Let me ask you this: if someone's like, okay andrew we're gonna, give we're gonna, tell you the ufos and the aliens and all this crazy, [ __ ] exists, but you can't tell anyone. Do you tell us depends on who it is really? I mean you know if it's someone I can be like sorry, man like I just had to tell people that people always say that, but there's no way you would actually be able to tell us. Don't you see the problem, I I do see the problem. If they bring me into the circle of ufo trust, then it's hard to run outside of the circle and tell ethan and hila. Just before you die just get the truth, twice: yeah blink twice on your on your deathbed um that done deal deathbed, ufo confession: yeah go all right. Andrew was a it's been a pleasure. As always, I wish you lots of luck and success, I'm enjoying following everything, you're doing fantastic and I'm, along with the yang gang all the way. So good luck! Thank you so much and we're right there with you. Thank you both for everything you do, and you know I I hope the little guy is doing great yeah. He is he's doing awesome. He is yeah. He is thank you and your kids too. I mean now you're at home, you're spending time with the family. That's fantastic! I know it was hard on you during the campaign yeah. You can understand why, as parents, it was the hardest thing about running um, but I'm happy to say you know yeah. They remembered who daddy was that's good and and and now I'm under foot all the time when I'm not you know, zooming all right andrew, take care all right thanks guys so much you all right, talk to you soon! Bye you.