To welcome everybody to the scooter nation I'm, your host ethan klein aka, the scoot foolish scooters joined with me, is my lovely co-host and wife Eva Klein poopy minimus scooter is foolish minimus. Today's episode is sponsored by privacy and ring and we come first of all with great news. Last week we had our epic scooter extravaganza. Really we talked for close to an hour. We ordered the scooter live. We did a poll, everybody, a vast majority of people voted 50% voted for the Gatsby, yeah and I thought at first. It's just such a stupid scooter, but that's what makes it great and you know, Mike the guy we were talking to who I wanted to take on a scooter ride with me reached out and he's like yo really funny show everybody's been blowing our website up, but but seriously I work on Commission. So if you want to buy and I was like Mike Big Mike I gotta get you that commish, the Dan's been chatting with Big Mike. Actually here I've his email I thought it was so funny, which is a family and not that made right cuz. What was his weight? Big Mike? Do we actually get his weight? Well? What did he say that he weighed he said enough? Oh you know he just said: okay, I have a feeling he's pretty big. Okay, I have a feeling, you I, don't think it's a sound big. It does sound big to me. How do you sound big, there's like there's something weighing down on the lung? So do I sound fat chunky, but I'm not like I'm, not 600 pounds but anyway. Well, we'll have to find out Mike's, true weight. You had a funny idea, she's like actually, maybe you can now take Mike on a scooter ride. I think it's meant to be he's in Florida, though, and I'm not oh, isn't Florida scooter, that's the real cybernation seriously! Well, if we're gonna make a scooter nation video, we should go to Florida No, oh my god, but I do like the scooter warehouse and tried them all out. I'll end up, like you know, those viral videos were like all the scaffolding Falls and that'll be minion. So a lot of people were impersonating like we have lots of impersonators, but this was the one it was like Mike from at top mobility. Comm I was like this is the real Mike not talking about I'm? Sorry, sorry, that's competitor yeah, which one is it progress. Yeah I wish to work that top mobility, because I'm a true friend of that website, but probably what's cooler logo to be playing in progress. Yes, what does that mean? Progress like I'm, fat and I'm in mobile and I can't move now? I can move. That's progress, progress there like there's, nothing actually or wrong with you, but you want to move and we can make it happen. That's progress literally! That's literally progress. He said hello. There saw you bit last night that featured our conversation about the double seated scooter. If I knew I was having such a big audience, that would have been funnier Mike, you were, you were perfect you're. The light yeah I said I says to Mike. Mike. You've lost all credibility after he said he doesn't use a scooter and he responded. Okay, that's it! That's why you're Elijah, thanks for making my normally routine a mundane job, pretty exciting for once and if you're really looking dure dure scooter, we work on Commission I'd, be happy to hook you up and help you out so Mike. This one goes out to you. We ordered we officially ordered with Mike. Here today we are proud to announce. We are the proud owners of a Gatsby The, Great Gatsby in red luxury mobility scooter. We spent $3,500 on this. Ok, you think we're [ __ ] around here. You think we're not only himself. This was a true democratic vote and you guys chose this one because we were actually leaning towards like the classic looking one. Yes, the boring one, but when I thought about it, I goes man if I'm thinking, like iconic, iconic, iconic r-e, said no Conakry when I'm thinking about Nick do do when I'm thinking of like no but not iconic but like iconography. Is that a work that sounds weird? What I'm trying to say is like when you have the the image of computer nation in your mind, typical scooter, that's fine! But what I'm saying is the Gatsby is so unique. It's so luxurious. It's so outrageous that, like imagine, someone's drawing me pavement or scooter niche and on the front, you have these big, bold, beautiful letters, the Gatsby I'm on a I'm on a choo-choo train, but exactly a mobility. Scooter I mean the MA powerful yeah. We have a lot of great ideas, though you go you're saying our friends knew what they're voting for they can think. I could I think so yeah, but really the choice. Wasn't ours. No, but also Mike said that the Gatsby is not good right. He said he says it has a customer satisfaction rating of 1.5 Mars, so my god to swayed us from getting it and our eyes did wonder for a moment. But then I says this is democracy. I says, look Mike the one one metric you guys don't measure on your website is meme meme, meme, ology yeah, like meme rating, and that would have a perfect 10. If you did what's that separate meme economy, meme, economy, yeah right so I, don't think he's taking all considerations into play. So I respectfully disagree yeah with you Mike on that one and frankly, you have lost all credibility at this point anyway, so there you have it and it's gonna arrive in five days. Apparently well. Five to ten looks like we'll see clearly somebody's not driving it over Bing. How do you deliver that? I have no idea. I said Dan who's, bringing that to us Howard there's some are they coming and setting it up? I mean what's happening so we're just gonna show up I. Think we're just gonna show up one day to the office and the Gatsby is gonna, be waiting here and then some scooters are on Amazon like you can buy a scooter on Amazon. That's just crazy. It's Amazon, though it'll probably like catch on fire immediately. When you get it I know it's like a fake, a Chinese, fake yeah. Exactly so there you have it I wonder if we need to like wax and shine it cuz. It looks so polished in the picture. Think we'll see for reference I mean you guys, may not know what we're talking about gatsby luxury scooter, I love the idea of it being a luxury scooter. But here this is the Gatsby we're gonna for the proud owner of a Gatsby I. Have some really good ideas for it, so you guys I, think we're gonna have a lot of fun with this thing. So if anyone says that we're not in it for the meme, you tell them. We spent $3,500 on this [ __ ] day. One point: five stars: satisfaction rating yep, capiche I, think looks like those so I'm saying you kind of got to keep it like polished up. You know, that'll, be a nice job. Gonna keep the Gatsby shining well I'm, looking forward to that. Until then we have been talking a lot of [ __ ] about Arby's. It's looks disgusting. It sounds disgusting. Everything about it is a horrid we watched recently. They made a meat carrot, I guess to taunt and humiliate to belittle vegans, and so we thought: okay, Arby's, let's take a shot at this. So this is our new segment called advertised versus reality, so we have got a select items here for display and we are gonna see well. First of all that already looks inedibly disgusting, but let's see is it? Does it look like this or what and we're gonna taste it and we're gonna. Tell you our B nation. So even once you come in here in is gonna present this to us because he went this morning and bought all this stuff and he is an Arby's expert of sorts. He even admitted to me that him and his family used to frequent frequently go to Arby's. Is that right, Ian? Now what was your go-to when you want RVs with your family that one right there, the classic beef and cheddar? This is cheddar. It looks like nachos how old, like as a kid or it's an adult as a kid I haven't been there and it's nice. What is this? This is not cheddar cheese. We can compare it. Should we bust that one open, we got it so yeah, let's go classic, let's just get right into it all right, so this is the first one. So I've got art. We set up a hobby, scam. Okay, thank you that we were. Oh, my god. This is so repulsive! Okay. So that's what it's supposed to look like: here's, the RV camp. Can you see it roast? Beef sandwiches looks like a nasty badge bro like here's the blips, and then this is the that's the bag they should to men. Cuz I mean that's a lot of meat man. They have the meats where's the cheese though oh my god, they missed the center bro. That's not cheddar! That's like [ __, ], nacho cheese. They did one dollop of nacho cheese on the left side of the of the sandwich. You see that. So let me describe this to you. These are the lips. This is the inside and then this is the cream pie, then is like dying. I just heard sounds like a bite on a cheese side. Even I'm gonna get I already have diarrhea olá bread. The breads got a little stale flavor. Do you uh? Would you like one? You gotta, try it it's sweet I, wasn't aware that I was gonna. Try the boys, sweet diarrhea, you steal! Okay, you took one bite. No, my question am I gonna take another yeah. Well, you want me to taste it without cheese. Do you want to show this so that? What is this one? That's just the nod, cheese! One! It's just very sad! Looking at this [ __ ] I mean what does this look like mega doodoo it does. It looks like a mega doodoo. Look at this RVs. You call this a foam. This is ground. It looks like some weird Turkish like intestines. Look how it like comes apart. Okay, I'm gonna take a bite, and this is a sad meal right here. Well, you gotta, try. It I was trying to talk my way out of this. The roast beef, it literally tastes like the inside of a cows, rectum I'm telling you it's got a weird flavor, I'm, pretty sure the Arby's it we did go to when I was a kid. There was one in town and I think it closed down because they found a rat in the kitchen. Oh, you got closed down for one rat. Well, that was like they got closed down. It was way worse than that it was. They were cooking. The rat that was pressed I was eating all right, take a big bite and tell me what you think, but the cheese I'll tell you what I I'll tell you, what don't taste that one the cheese masks it I feel like this is the real experience yeah. It totally does take some. This tasting, like mustard and yeah I'm gonna, get that out of your face. There heat this. So what you have is shaved, vagina, liver there there's a girl and it tastes like it hasn't been washed in like a minute, lexan still I'm, not yeah. Is there? Was there a used tampon in that make sure there's no tampon in that before you buy them. I feel like I'm gonna feel refractor. Look at what's on the line? Is this for $50,000 mmm? That's such a lame bite, but it tastes like yeah. It's gamey fright, like you know how lamb is gamey. It's got a gamey flavor mm-hmm, which you wouldn't expect. You know that's a course one. So how would you rate it against the you know, appearance, first expectation, god that roast beef actually looks like I'm just I mean not to nitpick. You here are bees, but the color is completely different. Look at this and look how thin this is it's like literally like it will. It's like lighter than air, like I, think it will float Megha doo doo. Look how thin that no no I have no Alice. Oh I got the whole experience for you. I mean look at this seriously. Ian you hungry, I'm good on! Thank you, though. Okay next, okay, so this one is the one us all laughs. Mmm ela had a good laugh about this one. You had it too ulis she'll, try it first, but this one camera. So it's this one, sorry I'm! Fine! This is the Buffalo slider, so here's the Buffalo slider on the sphere. You show the fixture. So here's the you stamp on that I thought it was in the roast beef sandwich. Put it so they put it in bread right. Okay, then show the picture one more time. Just to refresh there. We go okay, all right here we go guys now. Let's see this is exciting. Okay, so why do they make it look so extended in that one like it? They make it pop out. The sides like it actually looks more reasonable here than in that ad, like others, little cheese sauce coming down the side, and so this one okay bright, thank you so I mean the sauce game is just out of control. Here, I mean look at this mess so which one looks better to you. This one's, not a problem, though the roast beef is absolutely no, no doubt gross. The advertisement looks so foul yeah. It looks better in reality, but look at the steps off the side of the sauce. Here. You see that old nasty, mmm I'll save that pie. For you, you look. No you don't hate it. I, don't hate this one and it looks better in reality. What kind of segment going to better say goodbye? It look I'm keeping it real, but I didn't know that I was gonna, be trying all this RVs, not what you think was gonna happen, I guess, I wasn't thinking, I got the mom brain I, don't think any more, such a small bite, it's kind of what you expect. It's not for me, but it's not bad. You know mmm, but I did want to show you guys this cuz Ian had to pry it out. It comes in this and Ian had to pry it out. The bottom and I want to show you guys. I mean frankly, a little period stain I kinda had to like I had to really tug Yad it out. It was gloom out there disgusting, it's it's pretty I want to recommend anyone eat that you wouldn't know I mean. What can you do? It's not really food dude. Well, don't you already know that when you're eating out it buds, what are we? This is the one right below it. This is the chicken slider chicken slider. Well, why does everything look like jizz, like I feel like I'm, at a lack of words to describe this food, but everything looks like jizz, no ezn gonna. Try anything here. I, don't know, I! Think I'm good on this. Oh dude, the cheese look at this you want to see some [ __ ] some magic sand, David Blaine, [, __, ], mega doodoo. You see this watch this. It doesn't come up that seems healthy, [Laughter], alright, feel like I. Don't need this top bread, it's a little stale to feel that yeah. Well, why the sauce? That's like a horsey sauce! Oh here, ela you hungry! This fell off a stack. That's the cheese yeah the inside is just uh-huh a disaster. How is there a cube of cheese here? I, don't know here, there's more, he won't meet the gold Alfre, oh yeah. What's the horsey sauce garbage also has a thing called horsey sauce, which I guess is horseradish sauce? Why do you have to call horses again, I feel like it's alluding to a horse load like if I was for breeding horses. I would be like get me a horsey sauce. There Louie without you, I, agree with that. I mean yeah. It's course we're at it was a horsey sauce. It's like I mean I, don't I have no interest in drinking a horse cup, but Zach isn't that gonna down one of these Zach Zach wasn't back. He was, like second loves an apparent that goes, yellow. Of course, she does guys note standards at all. As a guy goes uh hand me, one of those horsey packets I want to drink it. I was like, but so I asked him to to wait so that we could actually wash with that. What that looks like. But let me read the ingredients. Okay, because apparently it's horseradish the ingredients. An order is soybean oil, water, high fructose, corn syrup, distilled vinegar, corn syrup modified corn starch egg yolk. Okay, horseradish powder is like the one two three four five, six, seven, eight nine ten eleventh ingredient, that's horsey sauce. They probably couldn't legally call it horseradish sauce yeah, so they called it. Horsey Jews, sauce, sack, go ahead and slaughter doesn't mention any jigs in their ingredients doesn't mention what cheese? Oh there's no cheers. Well, they, wouldn't you, don't have to label that. Actually it's one of those ingredients off the label. I mean I, don't know what calcium disodium EDTA exactly go ahead. Zack we're all watching! It's your big moment open your mouth and show us before you swallow it go. I've got the close-up to the camera. We don't. We got appreciate your feet. All right, slime, another horses box, but show us the aftermath. Do you I will use just squirt it all over your face number two below it waterfall it because we can't see what's going on well, we can't see we have to at least see what I need the real horsey shot. I get close to the camera. If you can yeah higher higher higher higher higher I can't even see it what a waste of a horsey shot. Let's see it, oh my god, bro no Ian did you grow up doing that kind of stuff. I did not that was we passed on you, some jiggling going on. You didn't take any horseshoe loads. No I did they should name it. So much I was allowed that wasn't mature rating right there. After what we just saw, kind of burned burned, no way chlamydia, yeah I, don't know caught something. Okay. Well, let me taste some well. Let me put some horsey sauce on it. Apparently how I say load? Are you gonna shotgun it? No I'm gonna put a little horses up, but here I'll waterfall, so you guys can see what it looks like there. It's like a bird [, __ ] on your sandwich or horse or horse. It's a horsey load that doesn't look like I mean yeah. Let's that's the law, that's a big load or it looks just like the cheese right. Fine, okay, I gotta take the horse alone. [ __ ] doubt I put too much on now. I'm scared just remembered that Zach just drinks - it does well, it's not sitting right. What are you feeling? I got like some gurgles going on? Oh no, keep us updated. I will all right! Well, I'm, gonna, take a horse, you biting some cheese, so cheers to everyone to your health and to my not health, to my dis, health, sure, nice shoe night mmm, oh yeah, bro. Oh, it's really strong huh! Oh no bro, that's [, __, ] foul! It's like a man, easy disgust, [, __, ] horse jizz is the only way to describe that. Your turn yellow, oh my god or love the game. I didn't out your turn enjoy. This looks so awful right. I'm a horsie, Jesus I'd know. There's a lot here. I know: did you take such a buyout? Yes, okay, completely, okay, what the [, __ ] sake! I was gonna. Try to oh yeah, okay I! Had it you first seal. Okay, that's so gross mm-hmm! Describe what your experience you there's like horseradish, wood-plastic, I, don't know: okay, no imagine chasing 2pac. Is it up? You will I give you and you know it. No, that's awful! There's nothing good about that! And after knowing you shotgun two of them, no I think differently of you man, but ultimately to go back to the sandwich. I have to say they're definitely out over selling the freshness of the bun, but they really didn't dress it up in the Hat they're. Like look it's a piece of fried chicken yeah with a disgusting plastic, cheese and two pieces of bread. So I guess they're they're, not far from your hourly advertised all right. We got two more, oh, my god. What is that? So that's I think all the way at the top. I think this is the Bourbon brisket. Oh, it looks like I got roadkill I'm, not trying that one either. If you want a hundred dollars a year or 1500, we didn't show that part yeah. Oh the smell. This thing is such a monster. First of all, the bun is nice and soggy you've got French. What is it? What is in here? Bacon french fries, roast beef cheese, Arby's sauce? Oh no, it looks like a heart attack. It looks like they. It looks like somebody with a cowboy hat named RB found some roadkill on the side of the road and fried it up, and this is what I'm eating, how come all their shits like the same color. You notice that, like the elder food is brown just Brown they're like [, __, ], okay, oh that's, the worst bake I've ever had it literally turned to sawdust in my mouth. You need some horsey load on that. No, it's so dry and powdery, and sandy powdery I mean for I'm telling you you have to try this to believe it. You see sandy, it's sandy bro, look like it's all dehydrated. So when your saliva hits it you're like disintegrate, it just turns to ash mm-hmm. Is there any goodness in it Zak you love it. No, it's sweet mm-hmm! It's a gamy, it's dusty! What needs to happen to you to eat this like, like just that's just another day in your life she's just ordering baby. This is this. Is a good old lunch little boy dude! They didn't like just imagine this restaurant. They named it Arby's and Dan. Do we have a picture of the logo by the way we got a lot of [, __, ] I heard. There's no commenting on our Barbie shot. I, don't see it! Oh there can. Can you make it bigger? Can I talk about this logo? Let me see we keep talking about horsey sauce. Why isn't there loves I'm gonna, take a full screen roll it up on your laptop, oh well. That makes a whole lot of [ __ ] sense. Doesn't it Arby's logo? You tell me right now, when you're saying I was saying that there's a lot of our beef fence and I just heard that we were upsetting a lot of people when I picked up all this food is like 940 in the morning it was poppin, 9:40 a.m. why is Arby's open look at this. That is a use that is a literally a used condom. Where do you think all this horsey sauce comes from? This? Is their logo a dude named RB? This is what my by my house was lit. Up with, it looks like some like seedy Vegas, special yeah. Those guys spelled it out, but I mean seriously that's a used condom, but I I mean I can see like - all the Arby's fans, some of these weren't, like far from as advertised, so, if you're into it, you're gonna like it go ahead. What were you saying what happened in your life that will bring you to the Stanley? Yes, at 9:40 a.m. exact, clear, okay, okay, I take a big bite. None of this. None of this little baby bites get in there like an RB bite. Tell me about it, Sheila's speech and she's shaking her head. No, what are they even like there's a lot going on here and I, don't think what I experienced was just a whole mush of brown yeah I'm not experiencing that I. Don't know, there's no layers. No, it's very distinct layers in that picture, but I'm all blended up and just like it's just one cool yeah, you said I'm saying about it being sandy. Did you get that kind of you know, Guardian you taking a bite just for the love of the game. You just took a bite hold on. You just said goodbye to that I skipped breakfast I'm kind of another day. All right I got a piece, so bad, well, wait till after the bit is over mmm. I won't go back from to that one. No second. By to that, it's so dry, yeah, yeah, I! Guess any Torcy sauce yeah, it's like a horsey load. Do we have to win more right, mm-hmm I think we have one more but uh we're at break time. So you're saying: is it dirty right now it's 30 right now, yeah! So, let's just finish up with these fries yeah, you know, let's take a break, we'll be back with the fries. You guys aren't gonna want to miss this I guarantee I mean imagine how foul this is gonna, be all right, we'll be back. I'm gonna go puke, there's a lot of times. I'm on the internet and I want to buy something with a card, but let's face it. I don't want to give my card out to everybody on the Internet. Okay I got enough problems, keeping my privacy secret. That's why privacy calm /h three is the number one place to keep your privacy in order? Let me tell you about privacy. What they do is they connect right to your bank account and make virtual cards for you that you can use anywhere on the Internet like a normal credit card and by the way, just a little tip privacy becomes less h3. You get five dollars for free on your virtual cart, that's just five dollars cash to buy anywhere. You want what here's how it works. You can make a card for anyone like let's say you know, Theodore he's on the tight budget. I give him $50 a year, not much of an allowance, but hey I roll with iron fist. You can you can that's it and then this is the credit card number. He puts it anywhere on the Internet and body being about a boom. He could buy anything he wants anywhere. You could go to a weird Chinese spam site and buy a first suit and not even worry about getting his cried entity stolen like what happened uh. You know we bought that first suit for that gag and then one of our one of our the person who bought it on their card ended up spending like a thousand dollars on some dating site. That's what I'm saying and you got to protect yourself. We can't mess around with this. You got to protect yourself. You can control your budget, you don't have to worry about your identity being stolen or hacked here's a ulis card that I made first she's on one hundred-year bit. She's got a little more than Theodore, because I appreciate her dollars a year. I gotta, keep it under I got to keep you under tight wrap. Thank you, my Big Daddy ethan klein coming in hot and heavy with $575 single-use. That means that once the money's gone, the card is dead so like, for example, you don't want to get overpaid annette. You know how these these reoccurring spending websites are like. Oh wait, pay me forever. You put it in and you never get over charge. You never get reoccurring payment for it forever. So that's another! You there's there's there's a million great uses to it and here's how it works. It's so simple! You click the button you see the cards like this is amazon. Obviously, let's say: let's use Big Daddy's card this one's on me, Neela, use card, bye, -, boom, everything's in ready to go name on card ethan klein. Obviously, and that's it, it works. It works just like a card. I mean it's incredible, you guys! I I think it's a great product privacy, calm, /h three head on over there download the extension sign up. Do your thing: it's free! I thing money. I mean what the heck five dollars for frickin free head on over quickly to privacy, calm, / HD for five dollars for free, you're, gonna love, it rings mission- is to make neighborhoods safer. You might already know they're smart video, doorbell and cameras to protect millions of people. Let's all be honest, I don't need this because I'm a ring fan, I love, ring I, don't feel safe at home without ring. I've got one in my door. I've got two on my the front of my garage. I got two on both sides of my house. I got one in the back guess what somebody steps to my house. I get a motion notification they get blasted by light and I could see him talk to him, hit an alarm and the video it tapes, the interaction when it senses motion it throws it up to the cloud. So let's say you've got some mastermind criminal coming to burglarize you, oh, let me cut their lines. Uh I, don't think so. That's already been blasted to the cloud and it's there for me to see. I got everything. I got your face and, most importantly, I'll tell you what's most important about ring, you look what you can get a video of someone robbing your house and it still doesn't matter. The police are not gonna catch them. What matters is knowing when it's happening. I agree. The motion detector that I get from ring is uncompromising the best security feature, because once you hear them, you call the police and you're yeah Eve, exactly you get the notification I could be chilling in Hawaii Oh. What's up police, my house is being robbed, I mean that's the only way to protect your house and, if you're in the house, that's the best way to protect yourself too so I mean I'm. Just saying ring it's the best product, I love. This thing you've also got the neighborhood thing, so you could see what your neighbors are up to. You could see what kind of suspicious activity is going on in town, its connection with your neighbors and a little radius of people who are honoring I'm, just saying it's the best product in the game. Actually, as a listener, you have a special offer on ring. The Artic starter kit available right now with a video, doorbell and motion-activated floodlight cam. The starter kit has everything you need to start building a ring of security around your home, just go to ring.com, slash h3, that's ring.com, slash, h3! Welcome back everybody! We have one final item: the cheesy bacon e curly fries. Now it's looking pretty nice there I like how the sauce is all like fluidy, not the case, not the case that is just uh, so they've, three single mass yeah I mean frankly I'm. Just honestly, look sorry I had to do it. It's like a lava cake. It's a horsey load, lava cake in the middle there's, just horsey jizz, Megan doodoo. You got it. So it's a lava cake with horsey load in the middle. So let's see how is it looking in the middle? Actually, I want to show you the top, because what they've done is they will look pre loaded it with horsey jizz. The cheese is all plastic metallic. Look at this- oh my god. Oh my god, I, don't feel right. My stomach feels so bad from eating this you away from the mic. Thank you. Damn everyone thanks logo on the top left. Oh my god, mmm here come get a close-up you up so here this is a. This is a this. Is a three-star Michelin meal right here. First, you've got the horsey jizz. You got the fake plastic cheese. Apparently it's cheddar, even though I'm sure it came from a pump bacon, that's been dehydrated shipped from China, and then they add water, yeah, just sound great from your mouth fries that were fried seven days ago. All came together for this perfect three-star meal cheers everybody. Oh I was pretty fun by the way. I wanted to ask you a thing. Oh good, that's dropping like a like a brick I wanted to ask you. How is your diet going today, not good, but the good thing is when I eat a meal like this I'm, almost certainly gonna be having diarrhea or puking right, you kind of go down the collar. You come I'm, basically just eating a laxative right now! Listen, you know. How do you take this medicine before you get a colonoscopy that, like cleans out your whole system? That's basically what Arby's is I feel like I might puke like no joke yeah. Well, Zach. Are you so you stand it you're spending? No! No! Oh! That was then all right, so um well I've got a pile of dog [ __ ] on my desk, okay, but I. Guess, let's continue on I should get rid of that. So thank you. Dan dan is gonna come graciously. Now you mention okay. This is how you get rid of Arby's file. Yeah, nice, very nice. Thank you, I love it. This camera is pretty handy. Yeah I know I, like you I like that being in your hands all right. Does everyone want to eat Arby's, I'm afraid when I do these said all these people are actually gonna go at Arby's, but my my goal is really not yeah I think so much people are still gonna go eat, it I, know I'm, afraid! That's true! Well, you you do it with what you will. Let me ask you Zack you're, the RV's proponent. Are you gonna run out and eat Arby's right now after this experience? No because there we this crazy, like the brisket one, that's supposed to have all these layers. I was like Zack go hit this up, I thought he would want it and he goes do I have to eat this. Okay, no, of course not I. Just figured you'd want it. No I'm I think I'm done ski here. You know ultimately, Arby's I have to say this. For it you can put powdered sugar over a piece of [ __ ], but ultimately it's still a piece of [ __ ]. What I would say like all their sandwiches is all this gay me disgusting, dried out, roast beef. You could put french fries on it. You could put horse jizz on it. You could put onion rings on it. You can change the bread, but ultimately, all you're doing is putting powdered sugar on a pile of [ __ ] right, it's beautiful man, I thought you don't like it I like it. What I expected a war is honestly, you know you can't say that it's not for me, I would never I would never eat that little baby bite I would never eat they're. Not you know went over the audience that then like well. What do you think about this I could see? I felt I could see someone into it. You know what I mean. Is it funnier and imaged where it says you can put chocolate chips in a [, __ ], but it's still [ __ ], alright, I gotta I thought. Powdered sugar was a strong image because you cover it and you're like oh. What's this, it's got powdered sugar on it yeah but chalk, but something about chocolate chips and a Duke. It's funny as well, when I ordered it. I. Remember now that the woman was very forceful about the horsey sauce way like I got the bag she went. Do you want any condiments I'm like I, think and she was like what and I was like? No we're fine and she was like. Are you wait really you come on I'm gonna, give you some and I said, and she went and ignored me and grabbed a big hand for worse. He says well, I have to say trying to get rid of it. Ian and her defense. You should have got horsey sauce kind of she was right, yeah I totally forgot. They had the special kind. I thought it's just like ketchup, so no horsey sauce boy. So she kind of said that woman saved she poisoned us I feel I feel like this bit would not have been as good without the exact but save the show, a horsey load and the horse. You look yeah Jack's, [, __, ], Zack, rest in peace, ACK I thought you were just making cuz. It's called horsey sauce that it sounded like jizz or whatever, but when he opened his mouth and it was I think it was actually called horsey sauce horse. Ah, that's like the slang that people call it, but well I'm ready to go home. We have got more show to do [, __, ], so I, don't know I'm supposed to talk about the Amazon fire now and I just load Oh. Everyone in Brazil's, like our whole country's on fire I'm like I, just had horsey load. So let's keep it in perspective. Brazil I do want to talk about Brazil fires, because this is a. This is important thing. Yeah, this is absolutely crucial that we understand. What's going on there three weeks now, a huge section of the Amazon force is on fire. The Guardian reported that 739 square kilometers during the 31st of May was lost, that's equivalent to two football fields. Every minute. That's insane! Here's some pictures of. What's going on over there wait. This has been going on since May over three weeks. It says yeah. Thirty, last during the 31 days of May huh, that's confusing wait! It's been going on for a while. I know that and people are like. Why isn't? Why isn't we talk? I mean look at this the whole [ __ ]. That's insane! Look at the size of this fire look. Is that not like that whole Amazon rainforest I mean I, know like all this is rainforest, but that is remarkable. This is a shot from space. You can see that ain't good there. It is the biggest rainforest on the planet. Earth looks like that. Hollywood Hills, look at this. That's lush beautiful green forest yeah, the biggest rain forest, provides 20% of the auctioning in the entire world like how are we going to cope with the loss of this rainforest? Two football fields an hour, that's so crazy, so this is close by cities or cities. All throughout Brazil in the middle of the day, are driving with their headlights on because it's so smoky in the country. This is more people talk about it because when you told me about it, which was like maybe a few days ago, I that was the first time I heard about it. I didn't see it anywhere, so I first heard about it and I think it was a movement within Brazil to raise awareness. I saw like something about save Amazonia and it was like number one trending and it was about I think it was a bunch of Brazilian people being like hey. We need the world to see this because our the Amazon force is on fire I. Don't know why I mean I, don't know why more people are talking about this. It affects all of us. I feel like in the last 24 hours. Its profile is raised pretty significantly I'm, seeing a lot to talk about. It now see the fact that it's been going on for a while and we're only now hearing about it. Yeah is pretty telling there's more about obviously a lot more to say about what caused it, how the government's responding here's a video at 2:00 p.m. on South in Sao, Paulo, 2 p.m. middle of the day, is what it looks like it's pitch black, its pitch black 2 p.m. imagine what it's like to be in the and that's the yeah okay holy dude when I saw the rainforest, is on fire. I'm like we are so [ __ ] cuz. Not only is there more droughts there now well, here, I've got a hold it up here. According to euronews, it's unclear whether the fires were caused by agricultural activity or deforestation. Both have accelerated rapidly under the Brazilian President hare bolson ro, both Senate. Oh sorry, for that pronunciation, but of senado who made opening the Amazon Amazon the corporate exploitation a key plank of his election campaign. So this guy basically ran- and this is a really tough philosophical question. Okay, Brazil is a I mean they have a strong economy, but they're like still developing and their biggest natural resource is the Amazon rainforest, their D logging, it they're using the land for agriculture. Previously they had protected the land, and this guy came in saying: I am going to open it up and activate our economy, so he deregulated it. And now all the farmers in agriculturists are they. They basically light the fires on purpose to clear land, but the fires have just gotten out of control and deforestation itself is making the the forest less moist. When you reduce the size, it's got like a moisture profile and it dries it up essentially, and so it's more much more prone to being burned. I mean it shouldn't be happening that the rainforest is on fire at all, but deforestation and agricultural activity, okay, people, actually just lighting fires to clear land is, is why this is going on due to the due to the changes by the president. But it's a it's a interesting problem because, like it affects the whole globe, that's everybody. It's the sovereignty of their country. I was thinking like we. The UN developed countries should pay them whatever it is. They make a year from harvesting land or whatever the [ __ ]. Just we need to pay them to not touch that [ __ ] forest, because not only are you providing less oxygen but you're? Also the amount of co2 that's coming off of it from burning forests is ridiculous. It's accelerating it's accelerating global warming. I, don't know, I, think it needs human intervention. They cannot touch that [ __ ] forest and obviously there are sovereign countries. We have to make it worth it for them. We have to bribe them in short, because, obviously the only thing that will talk is money. Yes, because that's why they're doing it so you have to remove their incentive for wanting to not I mean clearly they die I, don't think the people want to be living. I can only imagine when we had the fires. Here we didn't leave the house and it was nothing like this. It was just kind of like dust in the air yeah, but one thing you didn't want to be outside, don't go outside if you're, you know sensitive are of asthma. These [ __ ] can't see the Sun it's so crazy. Wildfires in Amazon are not natural events, but are instead caused by a combination of droughts, which is happening worse and worse from climate change and human activities. Both climate change and regional deforestation are linked to increases in the intensity and frequency of droughts. Over the Amazon, the Amazon force has experienced three major droughts considered. They used to be once-in-a-century events once every 100 years. With some fluke of nature. They would get a drought now if they had major droughts in 2005, 2010 and both 2015 and 16. So the forest is drying out. It's getting less rain. That's 100 years happen five four times in the past 20 years, Brazilian President! Well, why don't you go ahead and say this so I don't get mega loaded, yeah, yeah, yeah airball, so not all that I mean come on. That's probably terrible. - I thought yeah, yeah, Belson, ro, D d mega doodoo. So the Brazilian President de mega doodoo blamed environmental groups. This guy is such a douche. By the way this guy is a [ __ ] nightmare. He goes maybe, and I am NOT affirming it all these NGO people, because I think there's a lot of nonprofit organizations out there. Trying to trying to you know, take care of the yeah Loren's of the earth as they call it. He accused them of carrying out some criminal actions to draw attention against me against the government of Brazil at the cost of ruining of the rainforest. That's why they're dere dude, it's crazy! Brazil has had more than 72,000 fire outbreaks so far this year, an 84% increase on the same period of last year. This is kind of heartbreaking, but I'll open it up. Just to give you guys personal. It's an indigenous woman, these mother, [ __ ] people that live in the forest. She's saying these [ __ ] came in and burned down. Our reservation. I want all the media here to see it. You know so sad what a beautiful piece of nature and no it's like dude, it's the lung. It's the lungs of the earth I mean it's so important to the planet, it's so important to the planet. What about you know? We say that they have a sovereignty, but what about the indigenous people? I mean they were there in the forest before anyone came, it's also habitat for, like I, don't know exactly the details, but like half of them, the animal species, the most diverse and abundant place of life on the planet, the President on a Facebook live broadcast man. You know Brazil's tits backwards when they president is going Facebook live on thirst. Can you imagine? Facebook live the president. He on Thursday, our president, would be on periscope I trim like Oh Facebook live. You never know on Thursday that countries that give money to preserve the Amazon rainforest. Do not do it for charity, but to interfere with our sovereignty. He said he does not want charity groups helping to protect the rainforest, but you know okay. Yes, we genocided the Native Americans, but at least now we give them sovereignty over the land. They have these in digit of tribes were there before the Portuguese and Spanish came and took over Brazil mm-hmm I feel like that for should have its own sovereignty. Well, the woman, at least in the translation. She did mention a reservation of some kind, so well, they're, burning it down. Yeah I mean obviously I'm I, guess they weren't supposed to. We haven't been fantastic about respecting our natives reservations either. To be honest, so well, that's true ma'am yeah. What am I yeah? We kill them all. We definitely kill them all, not great. For the first time, the Brazilian president acknowledged that farmers might be involved in lighting fires in the region. Well, that's that's progress. So, on an extremely terrifying note, scientists are warning that losing another fifth of Brazil's Amazon will trigger the feedback loop known as die back at which the force begins to dry out and burn in a cascading system of collapse beyond the reach of any subsequent human intervention, Gregg's off yikes that felt so bad reading yeah. This is scary man. It's not good I feel like we're. [ __ ] I feel like the plant like seeing this now that rainforests on fire I feel like this is a critical moment for us as a species, and on top of that it seems like there's nothing you can do about it. What can you do? I think the UN and our governments need to make quick action to preserve that I. Think none of people will anyone do anything. I, don't know people are not taking climate change seriously. Even our own government, our own president, says it's a Chinese hoax and we're all just arguing about it until we're like the frog in the boiling water. You know you don't realize it's boiling until you're already boiled it's crazy. Why are people taking climate change seriously? It is out of control. The rainforest is on fire guys in the last half century, about 1/5 of the forests or 300,000 square miles has been cut or burned in Brazil, whose border contains almost two-thirds of the entire Amazon basin. This is an area larger than Texas area. That's been burned is larger than Texas. Yes, the climate change would Excel I mean the removal of the forests, and the burning of the forests would accelerate climate change massively. What do you do about that? You know the rainforest has been in existence for at least 55 million years. It's not that crazy makes sense. Yeah. It makes sense to me, but like I know, it's terrifying. What do you do? You know good question. Well, I mean what's the United States is usually the one to take the lead on these kinds of global initiatives, but Trump doesn't believe in global climate change. I heave it. You know, I mean I, don't think he's gonna say anything about it. He's all about sovereignty, we'll say Brazil. Do your thing dude! It's so short-sighted! We are going to [. __ ] die everyone's gonna die dude the planet is getting. You know the hottest day of summer that just [ __ ] sucks ass. You know this is the hottest year on record again mm-hmm and it's not just hot. It's gonna be hot here and LA is gonna, be uninhabitable. Europe might freeze over Amazon rain, for the frame forests will disappear. Global I mean the the the sea line is gonna, raise like 20 feet, putting most coastal cities underwater, but yet it seems like almost everybody, doesn't [ __ ] care I mean at what point I think that the Amazon force being on fire could be a good catalyst to make people care, but every weeks nobody Matt nobody to begin wait. I didn't hear about it for a while. It seems like until it's like in the last day, I'm starting to see it in the news, but you need a concerted global effort right now. That's the only thing in change because they couldn't affect it. It seems so funny that, like get about Iran's nuclear on nuclear deal, we need a Brazilian, don't [ __ ] cut down the rainforests deal our generation, everyone loves making fun of our generation the Millennials, and it's like look what we were born into mm-hmm. We were left with this dying planet, unsustainable disparity of wealth in which nobody can afford to buy [ __ ] house. We are now we're facing the earth. Fire automation is removing more more job, just say that Shake Shack this weekend. There was all you just order on the tablet: there's nobody there, they don't even don't even need to communicate with it's just people in the kitchen. It was great, alright and I'll. Tell you what the customer? Well, that's what that's the truth, though that's right, it was the great experience, is better I. Don't I don't want to talk to anyone? It was nice. Andrew yang is the only person who's actually addressing future issues, nobody's even think like one, none of the main lis people running are not even thinking about the biggest issues that we need to be thinking about. Well, to be fair, I mean just yesterday, Bernie came out with the giant climate change plan or whatever sounds good yeah thank God, but I think automation, I think is equally as important, but well I think that obviously, global warming is number one, because this we need to keep the planet habitable. Yeah right, the point not I mean if it's a lot just imagine you know what Theodore, what [ __ ] he's gonna bones already here: I think it's both! What about our grandchildren I'm not sure that this earth is gonna, be habitable for our grandchildren, that's crazy to think about it! Yeah! Let me read this again: scientists warned that losing another fifth of the Brazil Amazon will trigger the feedback loop known as dieback, which the force begins to dry out and burns anis cascading system collapse beyond the reach of any subsequent human intervention. It's a Chinese folks! Also it's a I mean. Why are these people so short-sighted leaders? Our leaders are sociopaths. They care about power and glorifying themselves. They have no long sightedness. They don't give a [ __ ], because when they die and they had their little power trip when they're alive to control the world, they don't care about. What's left even for their own kids, yeah, it's awful, oh I'd! Rather you [ __ ] rather eat an Arby's sandwich. Then didn't read this [ __ ] again deal with this. You know what I'm saying I feel even worse now than when I ate some horsey load, I. Guess who's gonna transitive, okay! Well, we got lots of horsey loads for you. What happens when the horses go extinct he's gonna, provide horsey loads. Then right zach is that yeah I don't know man scary. We got spider-man. This is a good one spider-man. This is an interesting story now onto something really important. Global warming, [ __, ] spider-man, was kicked out of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, no, no spider-man. Now this is interesting. Healing I'm gonna tell you why once iron man, you know what we've all seen the [ __ ] dis, spoiler there's. This is you've lost the right to avoiding spoilers and am I right in assuming that yeah. So with Iron Man dead and Captain America retired spider-man. Was they built him up at this as the kind of the centerpiece of this new unit unfolding universe? And so it's a really interesting story. Tom Hollands spider-man is out after negotiations between Sony and Disney broke down. Sony has owned the film rights to spider-man since the late 90s, which they originally bought from Marvel for a mere 7 million dollars. By the time Marvel was not doing well and was desperate for cash. They actually offered to sell the film rights to all of their characters, for about 50 million, but Sony politely passed and just took Spidey how's this for a good investment you'e. Seven spider-man movies so far have grossed 6.5 billion dollars, how's that for return [Music]. What is that like a? What kind of is that, like a thousand percent return, something yeah almost right? Yeah, seven billion Sony's like mmm-hmm, so the deal Disney made with Sony to get spider-man back with Marvel was that Sony would finance the films Disney would produce them at Disney would receive five percent of the gross it's a little complicated Sony was making the lion's share of the yeah, so Sony was paying putting up the money to produce the movies and Disney would actually do the you know their their creative game would actually make it and then Sony would get 95 percent of the profits and Disney would only get five percent. That was the deal. Well, that's pretty heavy-duty, and so what did so? What in exchange jay-z was able to borrow the character and cap? So, even in Captain America and Avengers infinity war, they got 95 percent. No! No! No! That was that's what Disney got out of the deal. Is they their movies, like The, Avengers movies and and Captain America movie? They got to use because if Sony was making 95 percent of all those Spidey movies, that's [, __, ], crazy, yet I mean these most, these two most recent ones. You know with the with the new kid, so five percent of the gross profits was still a hundred million dollars for Disney, so nothing to scoff at, but obviously Disney is looking for some juicier they're looking at the Billie's. They want that belly. 100 million of Disney's like yeah, whatever it's like a light tip. That's like a when I you when you like our delivering pizza and some gives you a buck and you're like not even worth my [ __ ] time. That's a hundred million to Disney. Basically, Disney was willing to take a relatively small cut because they knew what a massive crowd-pleaser would be to have spider-man integrated into the Marvel movies. The time it was worth it to them to ask you the money for the marketing hype fan satisfaction by having arguably Marvel's most popular character as part of their film universe. The deal they struck ended with the most recent live-action spider-man film, far from home. That meant they went back to the bargaining table I see so their deal expired. This time Disney was asking for a much bigger cut. Disney wanted to split the profits 50/50 because they had built this huge franchise and making ton of money. You know that I gotta say that doesn't sound unreasonable if they were making 95% before and Disney's making the films. You know yeah, that's a ridiculous cut. There are mixed reports from industry insiders on whether Disney outright refused this or if they offer to compromise Sony, refusing write a compromise like 80, 20 or 75 25, but the specifics are unknown. Negotiations have apparently stalled for now. Sony says they plan on moving forward with the spider-man franchise without Marvel's involvement. That is so weird. Can they you even used home Holland and Mike continued yeah. They can yeah I mean he's he's part of you know the whole spider-man thing, not necessarily part of Disney's. That's weird right, like I mean it's gonna, they gonna be in a different universe. No yeah I, don't know how they make that make sense. Now, since this story broke out, there has been rumors that they have reached you because of ice. A you know, an Instagram post that Tom Holland. Oh, is that what you were basing it on yeah? Well, there are articles that it's a rumor right this morning. There seems to be some bugs that. Maybe, though, posted a picture of him with mr. stark, we did it mr. stark and you think that's alluding to the fashion. I mean not me, people are thinking their people are trying to read into it. [ __ ], 11 million bikes, Jesus Christ, 11 million likes [ __. ] me interesting well, I had no doubt that they would make a deal they're. Just just he just wants a little taste. You know they wanna. They want to wet their lips a little bit here. They like look they've come on. 100 million I want some of that seven billion. You feel me yeah I'm googling around on the on the trade, so like deadline and variety, and none of them are reporting anything about them reaching a deal so yeah, it's just a rumor from those pictures. That's all! Oh there's more pictures yeah go more to the right, I'm, a sexual nature, Mart, that's frankly, I, don't really I, don't think I think that's a reach! Anybody, that's being like. Oh I, think he's probably thinking like that's not what I met at all. He just meant when we we hiked well and so yeah Disney has a big. Their big Expo is happening right now. It just started mmm. So if they did reach a deal, they'd be announcing it. You know what I mean like they. They want to. Let people know I, think rest assured, they'll reach a deal. You know they'll get there, though they'll figure it out. This seems like a look dude. We just upped our Disney tickets to $200 for per for just a one-day pass. We've we've we're stretching everything we're making as much. We don't know where to get more revenue, so we're gonna need more than five percent. You believe how much it cost to go to Disneyland. No, it's crazy can't believe it. It's packed everyday [, __ ] are digging deep to go to Disney the next spider. Film is already slated with Tom Holland. How will they handle this unknown as a current iteration of the character is deeply tied? His costume is an Ironman made techno suit, that's true. His mentor and father figure is Jon Favreau's character. Happy. The latest movie had him becoming involved with shield. The plot is sort of dead in the water. Without any of these elements, remaining people are largely mad at Sony. Well, I think Disney makes enough money, give them 10%, [ __, ], Disney Disney some cruel, evil Enterprise they they just are exist solely just suck up mom yeah, when I left out to actually when I wrote. All this up, I think I saw that, in addition to the 5%, Disney also got to keep all the merchandising. Oh, it is probably [ __ ] more money too. Yes, Sony's like come on yeah. The thing is: Sony I mean what incentive do they really have I mean they own spider-man like well yeah yeah. They made that great and they also built up the franchise. I mean they invested and made these early on spider-man movies and got people interested by the way in superhero movies at all, more Marvel was even a tweak on Disney's I huh. Am I right? That's true. Did you think that Walt Disney would think that his company would become like the biggest blood-sucking money, sucking corporate entity that the history's ever known? You could only hope. Isn't that crazy, like what didn't is become yeah, it's crazy. The thing that, like it was just one person who started it. Yeah I always think that about every big company you just started making cartoons, and now they like own, every media outlet in the world. Hmm huh, that's like teddy fight, yeah, well, I, wonder what teddy fresh will end up: owning half of the whole population like uh. That's like Teddy, fresh owning, like every grocery store in the world. That's not really like that fresh bread! So there you have it it's crazy! How this actors, like becomes so famous because I'm when Tom Hollands Instagram page and like it's insane he's a fresh young face man he's a new to the scene. You know and now he's like the biggest Muslim. Let me open it: Tom Holland Instagram Tom Holland on Instagram 30 million followers, yeah yeah, eight million homie in a car. How do you handle such a life change and like so quickly? If he loves it, look at him. [ __ ] loves it. Oh wow, this guy said: go [ __, ] yourself, [, __, ] misspelled with an eye and a middle finger emoji. Why? Why? Just when you said that he loves me, why does Instagram shuffle choose to show me of all comments? Yeah? Why that like dude? What are you doing? Yeah I am by the way, that's so funny when you spelt with a I, that's like 12 year olds are unearthed exclusively. Why is this guy so angry not fit? It's fine. We think of the dangle. He felt that his had to reveal the dangle. Oh, the air, the air pods. Well, he said back to work, so everyone's excited I, guess um there you have it. The dude's got fans well he's got like the best media ever he's like on set with all these famous actors and [ __ ]. You know what I mean I would have liked. I would have more likes if I actually did anything interesting. You know what I mean. Well, this one got four: let's see what is this? Oh yeah he's acting I mean come on. That's yep, that's way, cooler than anything. I do so come home. What's your favorite spider-man everybody! That's a question for everybody. Let me find what it's called cuz I'm awful at like names, I think I know you know what it looks like Ian's like that veins popping me go ahead: Ian Joe, Oh, spider-man 2 by far, was that the one where he fights uh the octopus guy dr. octopus, yes yeah- that one was very good. Is that, like your favorite movie ever you're very enthused about it, it's up there I think it's so good, I loved every moment. That movie is that the one where he kisses are upside down? No, that's that's the first one yeah did you Holland? Did you pop a woody when that happened? Did you were a young I did really like that one. The first two spider-man was like I was like would Kirsten and Toby Toby Toby is a good spider-man cuz. He really is nerdy and I. Think I personally think Tom Hall is a little too like handsome nerdy mm-hmm Toby was like nerdy nerdy, which is what spider-man is supposed to be Tom Hollands, like I'm, a nerdy guy, but I'm also kind of a supermodel right. What Andrew Garfield too was the same type of vibe, the other one right right, right, right, I didn't see those yeah, no, those are like looked over completely. Yeah doesn't even exist. How about the new one, the animated, so the animated I was gonna, be my answer. I thought that the enter the spider-verse yeah Wow incredible incredible movie to check that out, but I think the first two spider-man with Toby was great. Now Ian I mentioned I noticed you're, not mentioning the third one, with venom, mm-hmm I, still like it, I've got on DVD. Do you really like it one of the worst movies I I'm, telling you even as a child, a fan I mean my standards were low. I saw the first two I love them. The third one was was, it was unbelievable. I mean watching him walk down the street like all emo and confident as well know. The best is just so good, so terrifying God. What if I I mean I'm sure I'll get claim but I wonder if it's worth watching well now? Obviously, it's fair use, so it's funny. It makes it it's just bad you're defending the third one. I have to side with the enemas I love that movie. Thank you. No way you loved it loved it. Spider-Man 3, a venom, let's see was, let me see, pictures just show the picture of emo and Toby. That's enough! That's what all right you know, Zack I've come back around. He became venom and he started dressing like this bar is so good. We watch them, there's a scene where he walks down the street and he's all confident like hitting on girls and [ __ ]. Ok, it's the back, see the first, the first Toby spider-man was campy, but that was the good kind of kid. It was great man, randy, savage wrestles with them and everything mmm, it's one of the greatest scenes ever actually I can't won't go back and watch those first tale. Yeah can we watch venom I feel like we have to watch the venom scenes. You know what resist urge. Let's resist resist, I don't want to with Disney on my ass I'll be Sony why'd, you send me you you want to click yeah, okay, Oh. What do you want? What are you trying to be good, just a visual from what we were talking about? Yeah? That's the thing: oh, this one! Oh yeah, yeah, iconic, so epic stuff talking about movies, I oh you could even see her nips like I. Remember she was in like a West, huh mmm-hmm. You could see her nips a little bit. Dude was in the same look what you sent me. She was I noticed her nips I, don't I have no memory over her nips. Maybe it wasn't hit it. Cuz I'm gonna see her nips and at you there they got a horsey sauce. This I got some horse. I mean look at that spicy sauce where horsey load yeah I, like it I like it mmm now, I'm going down the durst hole, so spider-man I think they'll reach an announcement. I, don't think anyone has to worry Disney's, just good they're gonna have to get their [ __ ] together, mmm the Sony's like look I know you need me so come back when you get your senses together, I own your ass Disney I mean what were they gonna who's gonna be the next spider-man if they don't get spider yeah next time, so another character like that they're done and they they [ __ ] up cuz. They made him the centerpiece of the whole universe, nuttin, but spider-man rules. That's why and everyone loves Tom haulin, even though he's too handsome to play spider-man I like him as an actor he's too handsome play spider-man, though I hate when they always draft nerds other, but they're like secretly like models. It's like come on, dude just put an ugly kid in there can we just put some ugly kids in there they're trying to make money. That's true get in there. I can watch it. Toby wasn't ugly! No, but like he was nerdy, he was the supermodel. Probably Toby was he's too old. In my opinion, how ageism yeah well for Peter Parker, yes supposed to be a high school student right? No, that's true! Tom Holland is age-appropriate. Can't you throw someone over some pimples and a [ __ ] just a mess. You know what I mean like they had to CGI who's. The go plays captain more like you. Now we're trying to sell this mm-hmm yeah when the first spider-man came out. Tobey Maguire was 27, that's classic all right president that but about about about about. But this is me what I'm thinking what's next that yet that I got egged egged addicted politicians and celebrities get trolled by an obvious, fake, Instagram, post I, don't know how people buy this [ __ ] I'm in time again and like famous people too, like imagine thinking that posting this is, is legally binding. I mean this is the Sun like Judd Apatow, like bro, you've been in the industry. You know about contracts and legality like how dumb are you to think that posting this image on Instagram is actually legally binding. So since Parrish a stupid explain what they it's an image. First of all, do you have the first iteration that said Instagram so I'll give the the back. You have the the link right under that is just a full-screen of it. No, the first one was Instagram and then some that's why it's all cropped out. Somebody put just oh really, okay, I guess: I didn't see those. So if you read this, it says it worse. Just don't forget tomorrow starts the new and you see how that dubby is cut out. It's like so obvious, because somebody just need to swear and wrote Instagram interrupted over it. The first person who made it I think was doing it as a joke, maybe even the second person, and they spelled it Instagram. Can you guys look for a picture yeah? It was just like I, an STR EGR a.m. Instagram, and so this genius so don't forget tomorrow, starts the new Instagram rule where they can use your photos. Don't forget deadlines today. It's it's read. It reads like us like an Indian spammer that went to spam mail. It can be used in court cases in litigation against you, everything you've ever posted becomes public from today, no punctuation even messages that I've been deleted or the photos not allowed. It costs nothing for a simple copy and paste better safe than sorry channel. 13 News talked about the change in Instagram. Now this is my favorite here instagrams and the pee and privacy is bolded and judd. Apatow shared this rick perry, the secretary. What is Burke Perry's job yeah Secretary of Energy Secretary of Energy, he's an official secretary talking. He shared this on Instagram. You guys know somebody point out. The the Energy Department is the Department of the government, that's in charge of the nuclear arsenal yeah, so the dude is in charge of all the [ __ ] nukes. This is how it is yikes Channel, 13 News talked about the change in instagrams. Private policy I do not give Instagram its pasted in there and the sizes different. It's bolded for no reason, and it's not even centered I do not get Instagram or any entities associated with Instagram permission to use my pictures, informations message or post both past and future. With this statement, I give notice to Instagram. It is strictly forbidden to disclose copy to spirit or take any other action against me based on this profile and know where its content, the content of this profile is private and confidential information. The violation of privacy can be punished by law. Newts ec-130e. Can someone look that statute up? Yeah I just did it's it's just like the International Criminal Court, okay international. Was that gonna help you note. Instagram is now a public entity. All members must post a note like this. If you prefer, you can copy and paste this version. If you do not publish a statement at least once it will be tactic, tasks, full tasks, Sulli, allowing the use of your photos as well as information containing in the profile status updates. Instagram does not have my permission to share photos or messages, seems legit I mean um. Do you have to be to share this I couldn't believe that people were serious, I thought it was like a joke I'm just trying to wrap my head around. This is first of all written like I mean it looks so awful. Why would you just visually there's? Also, no explanation. There's no background. Why is the P Bolden? Where is that P right here yeah, but they everyone's like just in case alright dude yeah? It's like you, didn't agree to all this [ __ ] in the terms and service, its Instagram bro. Of course they already own your ass idiot, [, __ ]. You know, here's that here's a list of notable people that fell for this you're gonna, like this Rick Perry Secretary of Energy and former Texas governor, looks like a monkey here. Monkey brain. Doesn't he little not really good? After that? Good, what the [ __ ] did not surprised, I sure can share the [ __ ] out there, Julia Roberts she's a mom. She shared it on Facebook 20 times she sent it to everyone. She knows on Facebook, Rob Lowe, it's embarrassing! I was surprised by all these people. It looks like such an awful Photoshop. Just proves that I mean you know, you don't have to be smart to be famous Waka Flocka. That doesn't surprise me. He goes he goes. He read it. He goes Walker how's his response, [ __ ]. What's that when oak's? That's all, he said just our luck, it's funny this old lady Julia, no more to him work! Yeah she's! Well, you know I've seen her face. Oh good, this dude TI we're getting left. Basically all of the range of people. We've got Rita, Wilson I'm, not sure. If a million with her and her pictures very small but gonna tell me about her Rita Wilson yeah she's been in a bunch of stuff. She was in 40 year old virgin. First time comes to mind. She's the love interest in that movie was Steve. Carell was this photo. You could find no she's, just very small, very short, Martha Stewart shared it from prison. Oh Zach's telling me that that isn't the woman for 40 year old, virgin I guess all right. Good! You don't know, she is I. Guess shaming, me, hey sure, okay and of course, Edmund rains older, would who were all well familiar with her to mega doodoo. But a lot of people got caught. Yeah no I saw Bert Kreischer share it, but no was that comedian no, but see he shared it once and he said just in case that sounds like, and then he tried to play it off like a joke and he Remo stood a joke. One I, don't think so. I think he got caught. I think he got caught, I hate to say it I think I saw it and I was thinking. It's probably a parody. There was a new iterations, he said just in case it was his caption. He didn't and he said maybe I'm missing a joke. Yeah but I think Bert got da. You want to get the details, you want to text him, he deleted it and then he posted a giant-ass together it was a joke. He wouldn't have deleted. That's what I'm saying he deleted and reposted a new one on Instagram yeah. Do you see one like I? Do you know because I followed it in live? I was like oh, a bird, a bird okay. How could you get got and he shared it on twitter Koon? Everyone was goofin on him. Cuz I see one on Instagram. That says a joke. It says heads up, everybody get in front of this, so it's like you serious! No, so that one there saying I saw it on the podcast I get something with him and Tom goofing on the podcast. But that's not the first one. Hmm, he changed the description or reposted it. Bird bird bird crap he's got a bird. You know birdbrain Bert print. Now we love Bert, but I mean I, think he did it for real I mean he's free to dispute. The facts you know: did you know that the t100 is? You know the t100 from terminator he's like liquid metal and he like run super fast after the party I was in broke. Oh sorry, sorry, that's a one times. I! Think arm is the t100. Remember this seat wall that shit's real that should actually destiny owns in a restaurant in Albania. Have you did you watch this clip? It's unbelievable. These Spanish tourists went to this restaurant in Albania. They ordered lunch. It was delayed. They wanted to cancel it and leave the restaurant. The owner started, threatening the group with a knife chased them while they were driving. There's a video, I'm gonna show you guys in a sec during the video there's another car with the restaurants owner chasing them. So well. Without further ado, we had to clean it up a little bit because at one point, they're, driving and he's brute strength punching through their brute strength, to the one hand and punching through their window with neither now he's stealing back the glasses bear and his hand is through the glasses peeling it back. With his bare hand, it's unbelievable. This is all because they wanted to leave the restaurant, because the food was taking so long to cut it there because it starts to get a little a little too violent for this podcast. His just his hands started to bleed, go seek it out, though, because the whole video was [, __, ] crazy. It wasn't that it really wasn't that bad. There was a little blood, so I was like I, don't want to risk it, but he's he stays on the for six minutes. Six minutes I was just watching and disbelief because it makes it look short from this. He was on there for six minutes unchain through it. I've never seen anyone punch like about the windshield, but then he stuck his hand and peeled it out yeah, and so they stopped once to let him off and he refuses so they drive off again and then the second time after six minutes, he gets off and tries to get through the door and they run I mean dude holy crap. They asked the owner to get off the hood. They stopped once and he refused the cone and he lets go, tries to open the door and attack them. It doesn't succeed. The restaurant owner got arrested by the police soon after now, there's actually reviews on his disguise restaurant dating back before this video. Obviously, a lot of people came here and swarmed his restaurant. When this video went viral but, for example, these two reviews- or at least this one in the bottom, is from 2015. They says: beware dangerous place. Dangerous owner goes to this place, probably will be attacked by the owner. The first time we went at the beach, the owner got physical by punching a couple who dared to sit both at the beach we're both in the same Sun bed. The boy got a broken nose and was bleeding all over. The situation was resolved by the police, the second time the owner attacked another couple. Why did you go back? They went back, oh wait. Maybe it means there were two incidents and that man is a holy [, __ ] [Music] out the second time the owner attacked another couple. Our friends, even this time the police arrived in time while the owner was about to pull a gun on them. What all our friends who visited this place had the same appalling experience. Food is very bad, very expensive for what you get you're paying for a five-star meal like paying at a five-star hotel. He sells the cultured fish for wild fish for breakfast - I. Guess he stayed here. It's a hotel as well for breakfast 2, eggs, 2 cups, milk, jam and coffee cost. 30 euros stay clear, wow, that's insane from 2015, so you know it's real now. This one is from that one's from from a weakness. Also it's possibly fake, but it definitely fits the well I mean considering he just you know, stayed on someone's hood punching the windshield for six minutes, so obviously he's been a little touchy recently. I think it could be real, a threat to your family's well-being. This place truly made me my family feel not welcome you. My wife, parents and in-laws Albanians walked down the beach pathway and set camp under umbrella waiting for a server to come and bring a menu ask for money or whatever, but no the owner administrator came yelling at us. Screams kicked my mom, it was my mom kicked her out of her beach bed, threw her towel and purse away spit on me and hit my brother-in-law with his knee. My wife's side of the family, who were locals got really scared. I would have normally responded back, but not my at my home, not not my home, not my rules. There are wonderful places, minutes away. I, think that sounds real when I think the the t100 video is just from a couple days ago, and this is a weekend. So this could have been I mean this guy's been having a bad week. I don't know! Well, you know how shut it down. I went to the restaurant page and they shut it down. So I think this one just squeaked by us as legit. How do you manage to own a business with this behavior for so long, because the other one is from 2015? Well, I was reading a lot of the rules and they're all like this guy's scamming people he's acting like he's selling like ocean bought fish, but it's all farm raised because it's on the beach and apparently he's the cousin of like a politician or something hmm but I mean dude. This is one of the craziest things I have ever ever seen. Have you ever been this angry before and don't think so? Oh yeah I don't know such six minutes this one on aware of such levels. Dude punching a went a window and feeling it back with your hand. Over a meal and they're like putting the foot up trying to keep him out, I mean I'd like to think I would have slammed on the brakes and said I'm rolling. You know I'm on the brakes I would have slammed on the brakes cuz. They were cruising for him like a good three minutes and he was just on the windshield and they're just driving and they're going pretty fast. They went really far in the duration of the video and by the time he got up, they must have been like three miles away from where he started or more pocket out. Ethan I need a man spreading camera here, man spray that you got a camera now next time, I'll, surprise you! What can we? What productive thing? Can we give this guy to kill the leader of the resistance movement, assented Amazon rainforest to keep people from lighting fires, I didn't even know that was possible. Don't do that filled back with their bare hands, not possible so Jack, but he actually punched through the window and now he's holding on to like the AC vent or something in the car. I mean it's totally outrageous. This guy would excel at fear. Ferrant Lee, the the translation is just them cursing at each other, not much hey dude! You owe me 50 bucks. He kicked that guy, his mom yeah. She that [ __ ] was sitting on the beach. She shouldn't have been there spit on one of them, I feel like. If you spit on another person, you should be prepared to be murdered by them. Spits such a weird thing to do. That is an act of hostility, my dude and finally, we have something special planned, the ditch. But yes, of course, always now the beach buggy, if you guys don't recall as a song I feel like that we're gonna get claimed for this ship, maybe I shouldn't even bother. These claims are out of control. Vevo! Something tells me this isn't. Vevo official three beats lied. Vevo. We talked about this on Ethan in yellow yeah, this epic family. They live in Hawaii and they make music it's the Son and the daughter on the left and right and they make music. That's the dad obviously, and that guess he recruited some girls on the beach to get involved there. This is not a joke. I want you to know that it's not a joke. It's crazy that you can actually restrict your kids into doing this. That's what surprised me every time, [Music], [Laughter], [Music], pretty epic little Jam I, don't really happy family or what I mean? Yes, it is. You know I mean let's give the guy. Would you ever make a music video with your dad? No that's! Why that's the thing that surprised me the most about this, but they're super into it? Well, we made. Finally, this -. Sorry, you think theatre will make a music video with us with us. Yes, yeah. Of course you would they. We made fun of this video on Ethan Hill years years ago, people like to point out that in one of those videos, I did say that when we have a kid, I'm gonna make them dance like he's a couple years off from there, but I'm gonna hold my promise and we will yeah. So the the gang is back for another hit back from hiatus. They've disappeared. Wait! This isn't it they're back? Are you excited? Yeah yeah should be everyone's grown up a little bit. You know it's pretty exciting. This just came out their last video was killing me with three beats: lied, vivo they disappeared for a year, but that one that we love is four years old. So the everyone's grown up, the Sun, the not are the dads, are all here. All gang is back four years later, it's the reunion tour, the beach three Beach slide reunion tour. Let's go it's pretty like a bohemian they're like avant-garde, so there you go family magically Marco or what yeah this is indie rock the family fill in with it, man, I love, it I have to say the production is slightly better. Oh no! Oh! No! She shot me with the love gun. What a powerful image unbelievable shot me with a love gun. She shot me with a love gun somebody down on the ground. He was just like kicking him in the face. Over and over again that's best, that's not a love gun. That's just you kicking a guy in the face crazy edits. Oh yeah he's just beating the hell out of that guy man he's got green gloves holy Sh is that Runk yeah that would run for the kids. I was wondering if this isn't his new girlfriend that shot him with the love gun and he's making her participate in his music videos. Oh No, it's not synced. At all, oh, no, oh! No! Oh! No! She shot me with the love gun. Three beat Rock rocks our fans, Rock pills, Wow there. You have it folks, [Music]! Well guys this is it man, yeah I, think this is it oh? No. This is heads up, Zach, races, solo, [, __, ], no come on be honest. That's pretty fire! Cracker Sun shower come on dude. He shredded speaker step that keep spreading, don't be a hater. Now he's a connective. Anyone return come on. You see that hit that whammy bar and everything I've done. Love done. He shot me with the love gun, mega dudu love gun for those reasons, I'm out, [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music]. Well, as you can tell by the sound effects it is that time. Unfortunately, all the things do come to an end, but that doesn't mean we won't be here Tuesday of next week, because this is the history podcast and you know our motto: we just don't quit. You know we always say no, you say just don't quit and with that I bid you all it is, do a wonderful weekend, a blessed weekend with your friends. It is Friday -, yes, - is then Friday I have not gotten used to it, and it drives me crazy that my brain is still not used to it. What is wrong with me? Well, every Tuesday, it's Friday right now and every Friday think it's Tuesday I started to feel that this week we're supposed to be over it by now [Music] I love it yeah I'm with you ela. You got real problems, help by the way the house built fell through with the realtor worse, nobody gets Commission, everybody loses, there's no talk when the thought. In fact, yeah Todd became on top sorry Zach. Did you still get your 200 that no, he didn't pay up yet? No did he because the deal fell through he's withholding the commitment yeah. Are you serious he later the lady paid for the lead? If he couldn't close the de lead, that's on him. The lead you should I got another bonus. I received no pain. Bro. You need to take that up with your dad cuz he [ __ ], you he wined and dined and then [ __ ] me. At least you want find you most people won't even do that yeah! That's it guys have a wonderful weekend now, I want to ask all of our listeners. Whenever you see a mobility scooter out on the street, do you guys feel like it's a scooter like it's part of our nature, yeah well, I've been feeling one of us when I see a scooter now in the street, it's like well, when I see it's good right, I I, keep a distance look. Is it dangerous? Well, we may have the Gatsby next week, I'm so excited. So that's something to look forward to. Did you see I put a screenshot of the fan, email in our show doc, I've gotten, like 170 emails about scooters. What are they? What are they saying? You know they're, like suggestions or videos, you know it's the typical stuff. It is just well kind of anything. Interesting well. Yeah I mean a lot of the scooter videos. We've watched came from fans, but it's just it's. It's gotten to be a bit. Much scooter mania can never be too much dance. Well, that's why easier so also a little interesting information, she's -, scooter -. So far, this office was also our teddy fresh office. So we would work from here, even though it's a tiny office and now we are separating we're getting a separate office for teddy fresh, and this is all connecting because I'm thinking, we're gonna, remove all the furniture and we can ride the scooter obstacle. So oh I didn't think about that. So it's really exciting. Just for that purpose for applications for the scooter, I'm excited about I really I catch it we just just that's it guys. That's all we got we'll see you next week, everybody [Music].