-, hello, Super, Trouper, army I, am your general foolish Maximus and I welcome you all here today. My beautiful wife is not here. She's at home with the family. I am, however, excited to announce that I have finally part tooken and mommy makeout day as I am now a father, and my wife is a mom that I have kissed. My wife and therefore I have participated in mommy makeout day. So that's a really bold and exciting announcement regulars. Thank you. Thank you very much. Damn appreciate that today's episode is sponsored by raking stitch fix, ring and honey, and anyone that is interested in streaming. The audio side of this podcast I would love. If you guys would stream it on Spotify I think that's a preferred place to do it. Our podcast is there. Thank you before we get started today. I want to talk about the theodore and a lot of other stuff. These beauty gurus. You know I said it previously. When we were talking about Tati and Tati was all butthurt that James Charles didn't promote her supplements or her vitamins. I'm like who the [ __ ]. Is this person to be making supplements to begin with? Okay, and now it's come out that the FDA is recalling some of these beauty products products for having get this asbestos? Why is there even asbestos in so that's just a topical thing: I! Imagine! What's that what could actually be in the [ __ ] that you're eating that hasn't been? You know it hasn't been looked at by the FDA, so I had a feeling. There was some weird [, __ ] going on here, we're gonna jump into that later before we do get into any of that, there's a video that is of paramount importance. This was a rescue. These firefighters rescued a 74 year old woman who was injured while hiking and boy what a rescue it was. Let me tell you they. They she found herself wishing that she was crawling to the back to the road like before the helicopter arrived. Oh I should enjoy this okay, we're having some play button malfunctions here. Anytime. Didn't you imagine your ass getting picked up. You like finally help is here and all the sudden. Your ass is spinning like 200 rpm, so this dude just has his foot in it. As far as I could tell dude, homie has his foot on the street. He gave out he's trying to stop the spinning but yeah, but he just gave up he's like alright. This [ __ ] is gonna spin, oh my god, and for some reason you know for some reason that, oh, my god, that's a lot of rpm anyway before you before. You think this is important. I would like to comfort everybody, but it's so great and the fact that it was captured. Oh they're, just gonna take off. They just flew at the end. There I saw the interview they had to because the whole reason was happening is though the wind was getting kicked up in Canyon there so like they thought. The best option was to just get the hell out of that area. So it'll stop but yeah it's what I love they just peaced out. They probably just flew all the way home with her dangling from the back like a Jackie Chan movie, yeah I gotta watch that again they're, like you know what she's probably toast. So let's get the [ __ ] out of here. Ah and for those reasons, amount, I love it man, peace and the best part is like she's all zipped up, I, don't even think she can see. All she did was like sprain, her ankle and now she's on the back of a death ride. Oh so good, she's, fine, okay, so don't feel too bad. He did survive no injury. No additional injuries, I mean physical injuries. I, don't know about trauma mental trauma. Oh man, she's, never going hiking again, I'm, never going hiking again! That's fine! I never went hi. Can you begin with? So let me give you a little update. We actually we've been having a really tough time, actually now Theodore's doing fantastically. But when we first came home, I guess ela wasn't like lactating enough and he wasn't eating enough and he was like starving. We didn't really know like the first night back I'm, trying to think how it wind up with the last episode we did I think it was after that. Yeah was the night after that podcast or the night of that podcast. He was just inconsolable like I mean newborns are supposed to sleep like 18 hours a day. He probably slept for five hours and he was like ten out of ten hysteria crying the rest of the time, and we just we couldn't figure it out. We didn't understand what we were doing wrong. We don't know, II was so upset, so he took him to the doctor the next day on Sunday. That was like the longest day of my life bro, like seriously one of the worst days of my life, just pacing back and forth, with him for hours and just unconsolable, and he wasn't peeing at all, which is really concerning, because it means he's like super dehydrated and I was calling like a helpline all night, which was so unfuckin helpful. They just keep asking me like so many questions. I mean it was a Kaiser helpline, so I figured they would [. __ ] know what the hell what they were doing, but they just kept asking me questions in like and at the end I was like. Listen is there? Are we going anywhere with this because, like I need to actually attend to my child and I just ended up hanging up with hanging up with him, but we ended up seeing the doctor the next day and Theodore had lost like ten percent of his body weight, which babies are supposed to lose a lot of weight after they're born because there's kind of like a couple days, grace period before they start feeding because, like it takes time for a mother's milk to come in, but he wasn't really getting any food. He was breastfeeding. So it's hard to know how much is coming out, but he wasn't getting any food and he lost like ten percent of his body weight and he was just he was just hysterical and it was. It was hard. It was really devastating. It was a really really hard night, but I'm glad we went to the doctor. The next day which they started, feeding him formula and the moment we gave him that first bottle of formula. It was like the first time he ever ate his. He was crying inconsolable. You put the thing in his mouth and his eyes, just glaze over he's like crying and then glazed over sucking like the best thing ever he's just he goes from like a ten he's, just going hysterical -, it was a mate. It was so such a relief so amazing to see him so happy and he he literally chugged that [ __, ] down and immediately was just like, fell asleep, and since we figured it out, he's just been sleeping like a he's like a perfect angel I mean he eats, he shits, he sleeps I, don't think he's even cried one single time since that's nice, that's awesome, I mean he really is just such an angel, mm-hmm yeah he's doing great, but he so we were kept feeding him and then the next day we went back for another follow-up appointment and he still hadn't peed, though, which I guess is just because he was so dehydrated and lost. So much weight that his body just was using all the liquid was pretty crazy. Now he's peeing like non-stop I, mean the dude is a pee machine, a poop machine he's crushing it, but he had him peed in like 48 hours, and so we went to the doctor and the doctors was super concerned that he had impede and we kept feeding him and feeding him. While we were there and the doctor said you got to wait here until he pees. We need to know what's going on so so we're there for three hours, feeding him and he doesn't freaking pee and the doctor says that he she needs to put a catheter in him whoa and we were, and that was like ela was hysterical. She was crying, she was super upset and it's you know, I mean that's gotta be [ __ ] up like there's. No painkillers involved, he's this little guy he's just you know how the hell did you put a catheter and a newborn baby? He just [ __ ] up so I said. Listen, let's just wait one more hour. Okay, let's keep feeding him. Let's just wait. One more hour, I know he's eating, and luckily we never had to put the catheter in him thank God, but the nurse would came out. They were ready to take him away and put a catheter, and it turns out that actually on diapers there's like a yellow line that turns blue when they pee it gets wet and for some reason the line hadn't turned to blue, but we think he had made a pee in his diaper and so show the doctor, and she says: okay, send him home, we'll, send you guys home we're not gonna. Do the catheter just keep an eye on him. We took him home and lo and behold the guy hasn't stopped peeing. Since so we averted that crisis. Thank God that would have just been so true and I had if the thing was that he was sleeping peacefully, he was so happy and content because he was eating. He was sleeping, so he wasn't in any discomfort. So I was like there's no freaking way that we need to put a catheter in this dude if he was in pain. If he was crying. If he was suffering, then I would be like yeah. You know, let's figure out what's going on, but the fact that he was so content made me very apprehensive, and luckily it's all good. So it's been a it's been um, it was a really probably little ball. I swear to God was one of the long stays like I called my mom at 4:30 and I was like mom. You have to come right now, because I hadn't slept and probably like 48 hours, and me Neela were just he was just crying just crying crying crying crying crying and there was just nothing we could do to console him and I was just like and nobody really understood what was going on. A lot of people were being like. Oh that's, just normal, you know he's a newborn baby, it's just I, don't know it just didn't seem normal that he was so inconsolable, but we finally figured it out, and my mom came over at 4:30 and watched him and we got to sleep for three hours, but I was just we were both really. That was one of the longest days ever. That being said, he's sleeping like a champ, it's so it's so nice now like we went through baby boot camp because now it's like what the formula -, because he'll is still pumping breast milk so he's getting both kind of which is good but were able to take shift-select. He needs to eat every three hours, so at one o'clock, Eva will feed him, let's just say, and then in three hours, I wake up and I feed him the the formula, because ela doesn't need to be awake to breastfeed him. You feed him. You burp him. You know you check you change his diaper and then he's sleeping like a goddamn angel, a blessed angel I'm, not gonna, say goddamn about my own child he's a blessed angel, so we actually are able to get like six hours stretch of sleep when we're on shift. So it's actually great and then, during the day he just sleeps and we hang out and it's so cute, he sleeps on you. It's like the sweetest thing when you feed him and then, when he's done, he just will pass out right on your chest like this. It's the cute is the best, so it's it's fun man, it's been great. It's been fantastic. Everyone's doing, good yields recovering well, ela already looks like she was never pregnant. It's like magic, I, don't know. What's going on with her she's like wearing her normal clothes and [ __ ] I was like whoa. Where did you come from come here mommy make out there. You got a piece of that ass girl anyway, let's segue into something more important like how I've been feeling lately Lance door. Lant dude genius is really trolling us at this point. They have to be there like. Okay, Lance Stewart made up song that everybody hated. Let's get him on genius here just come here. Let me give you a taste of this bro. We don't need an analysis of I'm lost. You know what I mean. This is deep. [ __ ] not easy. Also his cross is super-weird, get a load of his cross. It looks like it's dripping: blood or some [, __, ] or boogers like why so gruesome, Doug? Isn't it dripping blood or something seems yeah, it's melting, maybe something going on. I, don't get the imagery either way it's a little hard dude dude he's wounded right now. Go easy. His long tongue, young Lance here I, don't remember who who had this bit? Maybe it was like Eddie Izzard. He had such a great bit about he's like if Jesus came back, do you really think he would want to see a crucifix everywhere like that's how he died? That's how he was tortured to death. Like him all the things. Do you really think he would want to see a crucifix everywhere? That's like John Lennon, coming back and like man, whatever I'm, not I, hate, retelling, jokes. What do I do this to myself? God go watch Eddie, Izzard yeah after this podcast. Thank you for watching, but anyway here's the real deal. So where is it like how I've been feeling lately get your notebooks out too many visions from this place of you and me everywhere? Don't explain the lyrics. You know I'm walking down the street well, so this lyric means I was a huh. I was on the street using my legs to walk and there was a street and I was walking and I was going from one place to another. So is that good, it's like what the hell we doing I. It's me of my ex-girlfriend I mean, for example, we used to live in the same house together. I still currently live in that house that so every single day, I just get like flashbacks on my head of, like you know, I'll be in the kitchen, and it reminds me I've been cooking in the kitchen. It definitely makes it harder to be in my house. I've felt very like negative energy over the past couple months, just being there, because you know these memories I'm trying to get these memories out of my head, but it's super hard just being in the same spot, where all those memories began see yo silhouette inside my king-sized heavy lies the crown without the Queen bro. Okay, let me you know analyze your lyrics, your king-size bed, what a pimp by the way heavy lies the crown without the queen man poetic. It's like Shakespeare bro. What do you think? You're, a king with a crown, you think, you're the king heavy lies is more so relating towards you know, being in my bed and seeing her silhouette and like I, just feel like wait. No, no, have you lies the crown dumbass. Do you not even know what it heavy lies? Oh, he doesn't even understand the expression, heavy lies and then does he think it's heavy lies. The crown brown is great with did he write? These lyrics lies is more so relating towards you know, being in my bed and snow. It's about the crown. I just feel like a weight of pressure on me every time I'm in my bed and I'm not seeing her there and the lyric, the crown without the Queen is just me feeling, like you know, I once had my queen and now I don't have a queen anymore. So it's it's just a weird feeling being in bed all the time and not having a significant other. Don't explain this, don't you [, __ ], dare explain this. Don't you dare break this down because some days there was just there was a reward, but somedays I. Just you know just completely go back down and feeling, like crap depressed every day, not really know what you're doing not really know where you're going in life, just not understanding how to get out of that feeling. So much on my mind, yeah losses said boy he's doing his own backup vocals. Well, he's I mean you don't have to do the backup. Vocals did oh man. This is too good. Get out of that feeling. So much on my mind, yeah mmm lost the side of my head how'd. It go so left when me and use the right fit. I honestly felt like we were good for each other, but we weren't at the same time. For example, I know every couple argues we, you know we argued a little bit too much as much as we wanted to make it work. We just knew it couldn't had you in my palms now you're gone I lost my grip, whoa whoa back it up, wait, I gotta hear the head. You you hear me I, had you you had me whoa, no water dream whoa. What's that sorry, Lance I know you got this, you got this bleeding cross and everything am I trying to [ __ ], your [ __ ] up, but let me hear that one more time I had you, you had me the loves gone it can't leave me. You can't play me broken heart, come fix. My pieces hasn't been the same. No, no. What is felt different for me since the Bradley Lance, oh [, __ ] Lance, claimed all of our [ __ ] studio71 yeah city 71 is one of these empty ends. That is absolute, probably one of the full of the worst people, the worst people I mean they used to be yeah. This was the one we creative. What was it? What was there? Well? How were they previously known as I'll? Look it up creative something, but their mandate and they've been sitting on it like I, think they're intentionally just sitting on it, so that they can what they do they're doing. Spitefully is they'll, claim it I dispute it, but in that time they can turn off all the ads and then in 30 days, they'll, probably just collective Digital Studios. They changed their name to studio 71 because they had gotten so much bad publicity for being a predatory, shitty MCN. They rebranded themselves as studio 71 and they claimed our entire podcast and they turned off all the ads. Why would they do that unless they planned on dropping the claim and just oh right, letting it come back and but but I don't earn any money at all right if they turn there's no reason to turn off the ads other than because if they thought they were gonna win the claim they would keep the ads on and make the money right. So they've done, that's coming ya, know they're the worst and I know. There's people there that hate me because of we used to be with them and they totally [ __ ] us over. They totally [ __ ] us over. They are the worst MCN by far and I. Totally, don't put it past them to do something: that's sleazy, so yeah I mean what why why else turn off the ads other than yeah to [ __ ] with you, if you really, if you care, then then block it worldwide, you know or do or two mca right so and like we had a bunch of other claims on that episode and they've all been dropped. Since then, there were all these people who were kind enough to release the claim when I disputed it, but these guys have been sitting on it now for, like two weeks, turned all the ads off and are not responding. So what will happen is after 30 days of them not responding, it will get released and then and then I'll get the ads back turned on usually they'll. Keep that ads on and monetize it, and then it will go into a escrow account and I'll get that when I win the dispute, but they have the ability to turn off the ads when they claim it, and so they basically just [ __ ] me because like if we can't earn money, then I think they're. Just doing it spitefully honestly, it's hard to not interpret it. That way, because again, I mean what motivation could they possibly have to not well there's there's somebody in that company that that got it out, for you, I think so. I really do because we embarrassed them several years ago when all this [ __ ] went down with them. They I'll tell you dude. These guys are the worst man they made ELA cry like seriously. It was that bad. This was when we had first moved back from Israel yeah. You mentioned this on the PATA a couple weeks: I had yeah there's a dude named Brian there, who specifically was our the guy who got us to sign up, and he goes where there was this really important thing called man uh. It doesn't really exist anymore, but it was called a managed Channel and what it did. Is it? Let you bypass the copyright system so that you want to get automatically claimed they got rid of that. So nobody has that access anymore, but they said absolutely you'll. Have that no problem, no, not at issue. This was long time ago. This was a standard, [ __ ], a lot of people had this and when we joined up, they didn't put us in managed and they refused to put us in managed and we're like, ok. Well. Clearly, this is a misunderstanding. So just you know, release us from the contract and we'll go our separate ways and they frickin refused they flat out said they said: no. You signed the contract. Yours have to stay with our MCN no, and this was before like now. Youtube has done more to prevent this kind of pretty taury behavior like you can disconnect yourself now, but before you could not disconnect only they could disconnect you and they would and then it was like. Why are you doing this? She actually starts crying she's so upset like. Why are you doing this to us? There's there's no reason for this Oh Mike did my computer turn off I? Think my computer turned off ooh. Does that matter for the audio or no just keep going I'll work on it? I was weird where's. The power button on this thing, I think I got it, and so, oh there you go just slept and went to sleep. Maybe I accidentally push the sleep button, so I said ela scratch the. Why are you doing this? Just we clearly don't want to be in this relationship. Just just you know, release us and we'll set go our separate ways and they said to her like it's time for you. I swear to god. This guy said this to her it's time for you to grow up, you signed a contract, and now you have to live with it. It's time for you to start acting like an adult and I was like [ __ ], you did not [ __ ] go there with us, and I and I went and I put these [ __ ]. This was during the time when, like prank invasion did a DMCA on us and we did this whole video about fullscreen and and and we felt like our MC was supposed to be on our side and they were telling us to erase the video and erase our tweets and [ __. ] and I was like what who the [ __ ] is either so I go to Twitter I'm, like hey by the way collective Digital Studios is, is [, __, ], conning us and, and you know, keeping us in a contract. We don't want to be in it just whatever talking about it and then these stupid [ __ ] these [ __ ]. They rot once I start bitching about them on Twitter, guess what they do immediately release us and they get to try to get us to sign some document saying that we won't disparage them. I was like [ __ ], you not signing [ __ ], [, __ ], you suck my dick and drop and and let me out- and they did and I found out later, that that guy Brian, who was working with other people, I knew was tattling. People has other members of the MC n-not to work with me because was toxic and trouble. He was telling them not to work with me. It's wild trying black clothes dear who, by the way, get a grip. You don't have it. This isn't Hollywood [, __, ], you're, [, __, ], MCN phone thinking. Blacklist is yourself. You had to change your own name. Remember: idiots studio, 71! You can't [ __ ], run away from the fact that your ass yeah I, remember, who you are studio: 71, [, __ ]. So here they are up to the same [ __ ] and it may well be the same: [ __, ] guy who's behind it so Brian. If you're listening suck my dick I still remember: [ __ ] you and [ __ ] your MCN and you're becoming irrelevant. Nobody even needs him scenes anymore, so suck my huge, huge, swollen nuts, all right, [, __, ], you dude, so I think that's what it is there despitefully trying to [ __ ] me over. So fine dude, that's how you want to play. It I'll! Get it back in about two weeks and even though you stole thousands of dollars from me, you had a chant. You had to rebrand your company because you were so ass and I'm sure that cost more than that so eat [, __, ], [, __, ], you and I. Don't need to talk ship on your back I'll tell everyone right now: don't work with studio71 who you can not get slam on them with the regular mega lot, I can't get over Lance's necklace. Why is it using yeah? Oh, you can't see on the screen here. Why we who's in here folks I. Think it's supposed to be like the blood. That's so graphic yeah I mean come on guys this. This is not, and what are we doing here? Why is Christianity come to this point where we need like a blood-stained cross? Is that really appropriate like? Why do we remember Jesus for for the moment where he was tortured and bled to death on the cross? Are we not meant to appreciate his moment, like the goodness that we're supposed to celebrate the good things he done? Not a blood-stained cross I mean. How is this the the image that we've come to embrace it just seems ridiculous. Well, the the blood is a it's a bit extra as I've, never seen that or yeah I've never seen, but even the cross cut the cross, we think of Jesus. But what the cross really is. People were frequently crucified in Rome. That was a way of putting people to death. It was a horrible torturous thing to do. Yeah be weird if it water, it's like putting a guillotine on a necklace yeah. You know it's like putting a [ __ ] a noose. You know, I, hang a hangman's. It's just come on guys find a better image. Why the [ __ ] we walk around crosses yeah I mean I'm, not gonna, claim to be an expert on Christianity at all, but um. You know him him dying on the cross. It was. It was a sacrifice for for humanity, and so you know there I think. The explanation would be that you're honoring that sacrifice but, like you said, I mean let's honor the man's life, though right yeah. It's like why the why the method of death, specifically but name the symbol, is gruesome. Later I'm not gonna walk around with a guillotine on my [ __ ], the same thing really. What, if it a diamond, then yes I would wear it. Oh yeah blood of ruby, encrusted blood trips anyway, Lance is [. __ ], god bless Oh Lance. If you hear this, please talk to your studio and at least the claim, and if Bryan's is your wrapped home I said [ __ ] him tell him. I said it. [ __ ] that idiot such a douche. When I found out he was talking [ __ ] behind my back to other people telling him not to work with me. I was like ooh I see how it is, what a douche you don't make. It look crying get away with that. [ __, ] y'all changed your [ __ ] name and I. Remember who you are! You can never hide from this? Oh yeah, when it disconnected I, think I got all garbled. You know what it's time for break in a moment: anyways! Oh, isn't! So why don't? We do that and we'll fix alrighty guys stay tuned, we're gonna get into these beauty. Gurus selling poisons so you will not want to miss that I guarantee see you soon. The year is 2019. We all need a great pair of Bluetooth earbuds and before you go, spend hundreds of dollars on one of these huge, overpriced, name brands. I! Need you to check out Raik on these things. Are the real deal? Okay? First, let me show you: what's in the box, you got the carrying case that you charge it directly in you pop open this magnetized top and what's inside these slick, beautiful little babies that fit beautifully, select, discreet, stylish, even in your ear and deliver what may be the best audio experience on the planet. Today, beautiful, there's, no tangles, there's no strings. There's a freaking BS! Some of these, some of these ear buds out there you're practically tripping over these are slick and beautiful, and it also comes with this little slick, credit card full of ear sizes. So if you've got a big ass, chubby ear hole or a tiny little petite ear hole, they got. You covered that I, like -, its half the frickin price of all the other premium, wireless earbuds. On the market- and they sound just as amazing, the company was actually co-founded by Ray J and other celebrities like Snoop Dogg. Okay, these guys know what they're doing when it comes to audio. These recon have changed the game. For me, super comfortable and they're easy to take absolutely anywhere ray con offers their wireless earbuds for everyone in a range of fun, colors and an unbeatable price. So, if you are looking for some beautiful, stylish, discreet, well sounding earbuds head on over to buy a condo complex rating, you get 20% off your order. Damn that's a buy rake on Comm slush HD for 20% off rake on wireless earbuds. If you've been eyeing a pair now is the time to get an amazing deal. One more time go to buy rake on Comm, slash HD for 20% off, not all clothes fit for all men with stitch fix. Your personal stylist will send you clothing. That makes you look and feel your best. It's not a one. Size fits all. It's a this fits your style. This is what stitch fix does. This is why I love them situating is an online personal stylist service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right to your door to get started. You go to stitch, fix, comm, slash, h3 answer some questions about your preferred style and your preferred. Your personal shopper will ship you a box of clothes shoes accessories within your budget and exactly to your specifications and there's no commitment required. You only pay for what you keep shipping exchanges returns are always free, plus the $20 styling fee is automatically applied towards anything. You keep from your box. So essentially, if you buy anything, it ends up being free, but here's also the great thing you can always return. You know it's basically you're turning your home into your personal, changing room. Send you stuff, you try it on. If you like it, you keep it. If you don't you send it back, it's a beautiful thing. It's so convenient! You never have to think about looking good again with stitch fixed so to get started guys head on over to stitch fix, comm, slash, h3 and you're gonna get an extra 25% off. When you keep everything in your box. That's stitch, fix, comm, slash, h3, stitch, fix, comm, slash, h3, I, love ring. It is a product that has changed my life. It's one of these products that is just so revolutionary. It's so incredible. I cannot recommend it enough. Their mission is to make neighborhoods safer, but what they've done for me, they've made my house so safe and so secure I feel so comfortable. There they've got a doorbells they've got spotlights, but they all basically have the same function in that it's got a camera. It's got a motion detector when somebody walks in front of it and a motion sensor goes off. It gives you a notification on your phone and you can pull up the live feed, but that's not all it actually beams up to the cloud, the recording of the incident. So, even if you don't get it right away or even if something happens, maybe you've got a criminal mastermind coming and turning your power off well too late, [, __ ], because it already got beamed up to the cloud and I can view it anytime from anywhere. Okay, it's not a speaker. I could talk to them. They could talk to me. They it's got that the the spotlights got a siren on it. You could blast them with that. I mean that it's incredible I have a ring around my house literally, and nothing gets by me. I feel so safe and so secure there beyond. Even the traditional alarm system, I mean this changes. Everything on top of that they've got the neighborhood app. So you can talk to people in your neighborhood nearby. That also have ring, which is a lot, and you can talk. You share videos, you know exactly what's going on your neighborhood. This product is incredible. It's a game-changer I cannot recommend it enough as a listener. You have a special offer on a ring starter kit available right now with a video, doorbell and motion-activated flood bike. Cam. The starter kit has everything you need to build a ring of security around your home, so go to ring.com, slash, h3, that's ring.com, slash h3, get started. Try this product out, it's gonna change. Your life I swear on it. Thank you. Here's something we can all agree on. Here's something we can all agree on money. We like saving money, it's the best feeling in the world and that's what honey is all about. Okay, if you're not shopping around you're, probably not saving the most money, but what? If there was a way for somebody to do the shopping around for you? Well, that's exactly what honey does and he's a free tool that you download on your computer's browser while you shop online, honey scans, the internet for coupon codes and other discounts, then it automatically applies the coupons with the biggest savings to your cart at checkout like magic, and it is magic. It works on over 20,000 sites like Amazon, Nordstrom's, j.crew, Nike, Best, Buy, Target, Macy's and more. It takes zero effort to install it's just two clicks and you're ready to start saving anytime you shop instead of taking my word for it. Here's what actual downloaders and fans of our says here, the very first day, I use this I save 10 bucks on Amazon and then another 30 bucks on a subscription service. I couldn't stop using the service. If I tried, you don't have to try thanks a shree shree and thank you honey. Another dude said you just saved me. 81 dollars, amazing, shout out to h3. Show you what up pimps, what up pimp to you, I use honey I, can't stop using it either because it's effortless, it's easy. It is like magic. It just automatically applies the coupons I checkout boom boom boom. It's literally it's free to download I mean give it a shot here. Folks, there's really not any reason not to use honey. It's free to use easy to install on your computer and just two clicks and if and if you don't think it for me, take it from our fans who also how are saving a Frick load of money, so get honey for free at join honeycomb, slash a tree, that's join honey, calm, slash, h3, it's honey, the smart shopping assistant that saves you time and money, welcome back everybody, I'm I was lost, but now I'm found or my found found. I'm lost, I'm lost, I'm found yeah I'm found I, don't understand why he's found yeah? He didn't really expand on the found part in in his lyrics. It seems mostly lost, but right right Zach. Do you have any insight cause you're, a you're, a musician, there's no structure to that song. It's just all over the place yeah, but why is he found I think he found that cross. Maybe it's a like a religious thing. Oh he's bound he's born exactly Wow. Have you ever had such a rough breakup? The fountain Jesus can't say: I haven't been there. Well, Lance has a bloody cross. He went all out. Mm-Hmm. Do you guys know who Jojo see what am I saying that right, yeah and vaguely Jojo over this girl? That's just great right there, that's a wonderful! This is her car. Now. What's the background, this is one of the girls who got caught selling asbestos right. This is asbestos paid for this car. What's that you guys know she was on some reality show Dancing with mom or like a beauty. Mom no Dance Moms is what it was called, I believe which chronicles the child abuse of mothers. Essentially, yes, yes, let's pull up a clip yeah. This was like a regular on on the soup back in the day of just shitty, really cringey clips. Oh my god, why am I watching this world? Oh it's Jojo, jazz, routine Petrin is learning her routine as well. I, don't want them sitting, so this is crazy. Ass, mom, yeah, I think running boot camp on their low kids right. So this show was popular yes well anyway. She was one of the stars from this and she's huge on YouTube now and she's selling a bunch of products, my goodness she's built like an entire empire. Unfortunately, one of those items was recalled by the FDA. The FDA made a tweet recently and issued a warning here at first. Let's start with this tweet. This is amazing. Today the FDA is releasing new results from its continued testing of cosmetic products for asbestos and is warning. Consumers do not use two additional products that have been tested positive for asbestos and have been recalled. Look at this [ __ ]. That's a little death box, little death box of joy. Why the hell is there asbestos in this [ __ ]? To begin with, I mean: do you want your child's face to light on fire? Is that what you're saying right now I mean? How could that be a useful product? It's fire resistance! Dude! Oh, is that what it is I, don't know what I don't know what the actual reason for it being in there. That's I mean that's the main purpose of asbestos right, fireproofing, I, honestly, I think it's insulation in homes and stuff I tell you I'll give you my little anecdote about asbestos. There was some in our house because it was old from the 50s and the guys had to come clean it up with a city approval, and you have to wet it down before you clear it out yeah to make sure it doesn't kick up any dust, because if you breathe it in you get cancer, so these guys come with Max and they're hosing it down and they're putting it in bags and they're disposing it. This [, __ ], is in kids, lipgloss yeah, that's pretty bad. What the f I can get a good deal on it. Now, though yeah that's probably true, I'll show up that's optimistic. It is being recalled, though so, but there you have it and so I guess the FDA's been going over. All these beauty products and [ __ ] I'm, so glad to hear that, because there's some weird [ __ ] out there on the market, I was touching on an earlier in the episode. These people are making drugs sleeping pills, supplements and they're just youtubers. These are just these are not chemists. These are not. They have no qualification to be making things that you consume in your freakin body. These have not been, you know, looked at by the FDA, so now they are looking at. It goes like oh [, __ ]. These people are sound like straight-up poison. That's the asbestos mobile, my dudes! Well, it's actually it's pretty wild that the FDA is inspecting and regulating cosmetics, but yeah I mean as far as I know they don't they don't even touch supplements and [ __ ] right like they don't even well investigate that. It says it always says on the label not inspected by the FDA I think. If they get certain complaints with tips, then they look into it I look into it. They investigate if there's something dangerous on the market, but this just goes to show you what like the care that goes in. They find some [ __ ] manufacturer in China to make it cheap as possible, and these [ __ ] are putting asbestosis in, for god knows what it's a cutting cocaine with baby powder. It's like! Why did you use baby powder? Well, I, don't know it's cheap filler and then they this was fantastic. What they said in their defense, they go. We stand by the safety of this item as small traces of asbestos are acceptable under European and Canadian cosmetic safety regulations. Okay, I, like our regulation, where it says no [ __ ] asbestos yeah. That seems like a better one there. Their argument is well it's OK in Canada, it's fine in Europe, bro, [, __ ]. No, that's actually surprising to hear I mean and I don't know. Also it's probably out of here. It's yeah I'm used to America being like yeah. A little rat poison is fine right. Yeah are the ones that are like, usually the other way around, but it's misleading too because they say trace amounts. We're not sure how much asbestos is in their lip cloths, because they're like well, it's okay to have trace amounts in Europe. Ours would be illegal there too, but it's okay to have a trace amount. You know what I mean like they could be well over that trace amount. Well, I definitely am I'm just thrilled to find out that the kids are eating asbestos I mean. Hopefully we can. We can sneak some lead in there and and call it a day. Lettuce best, the house, I'm pretty sure Alex Jones are selling some lettuce. Pesto supplements I'm telling you man do not buy supplements from these [ __ ] social media people I'm telling you these people are not qualified to sell you [ __, ] cosmetics. No, you know these beauty. Gurus are all these Beauty people getting so [ __ ] rich? What is what these cosmetics, [ __ ]? It's good racket, I guess I mean Kylie. Jenner is a billionaire right right from selling [ __ ] lip gloss. Jeffery stars like a trillionaire from selling lipstick and [ __ ] I mean what the [ __ ] man she's, like also like Rihanna, was like were six hundred million dollars now I just saw I read something from from cosmetics. Jesus Christ I got to make cosmetics. What can I sell? I got to make vaseline ethan klein Vaseline there you go super super trooper vaseline. What about like a Fupa? Rub cooper, if I'm sort of rub somehow, I don't see that having the product peel to make me a billionaire, I gotta figure it out. Would you guys buy some cosmetics? What would you be interested in got women man I need female audience. Sorry, all the and watching, but I can't fleece. You enough I need to work on my female audio because you could sell females a fuckload more than you guys. You know they mean yeah. Like look at Dan's shirt. Oh, we got new shirts Wow. It's not gonna, make me a billion h3h3 shop, comm, Super, Troopers army and there's another mega billion. This is the bring in danila shirt way: [ __ ], two more yeah. That's not gonna! Make me billion dollars, though sorry guys, just not valuable, as females I could sell them lip gloss with asbestos in it. The thing about all those cosmetics ooh is that I bet you that cost like 25 cents to make 22 cents of it is the packaging and they sell it for a hundred [ __ ] dollars like the the per the markup on that [ __ ] is insane, and why is it that every beauty guru on YouTube has products has a lie somehow they're all just chemists? They all just understand how to make supplements. You know. Makeup is one thing, but when I found out there making supplements [ __ ] that you actually eat I was like oh mama. You couldn't [ __ ] pay me to put that [ __ ] in my body. It's probably just hate yeah and asbestos. Asbestos yeah little specialist little lad a little hey little extra flavor. So then this this story continued. So that was Jojo who was caught, selling asbestosis, go god, bless her and then there's another one named J Jaclyn hill, who was selling lipstick with mold. That's right straight up hairs and mold nasty, [, __, ] yo again sorry, lady, just because you're like putting on makeup doesn't mean you're qualified to make it come H here. This is how it arrived all hairy and bumpy and [ __ ]. This is people tweeting at her like what the [ __ ] look. This girl found a bead in it. She found a [ __ ], oh [, __ ]. She found a bead in her [ __ ] bro. That's a lump of asbestos she's, a lump of lead right there. My dudes uranium core do not buy products from youtubers cosmetics. Sorry! Now this one she's refuting this or she's battling it with the Jojo one. You know they pulled all the products and everything FDA. It's like it was no yeah. It's Jojo like is she just hiding her head from public? What's going on yeah, it doesn't see there. There was like an apology statement, just a very generic apology statement in that that's hi, guys Jojo here, yeah, sorry for showing you a lip gloss with asbestos. Alright catch me, my Jojo car, like her pipe shootout like asbestos powder, lime, locust who dries well. What do you think our plate is asbestos yeah, it's poison, Queen, it's it smells poison, Queen off and like PSN, you know, there's [, __ ] hairs on this one dudes hairs. She says they are fibers from cotton gloves used at the factory. That's that is so dumb. Why, first of all at a cosmetic plant, if you have workers using cotton gloves, you already are working at such a dime-store, unprofessional factory. That I wouldn't be surprised if there's mold and asbestos and lead in your lipstick. Why wouldn't you use the latex gloves who the [ __ ] would use cloth gloves and if they did, why are they rubbing the tip of the makeup, its embedded inside of the lipstick? That literally, doesn't make sense yeah it's kind of hard to there's no [ __ ] way they were using cloth gloves no way so then this girl, actually, she busted out the Micra. It's pretty legit. This girl named rah-rah we're trying to find the Ross of the wrong we're trying to find Ross of the raw raw beauty. Christie put the [ __ ] under a microscope check this video up the truth about Jacqueline, Hill, cosmetic, lipstick. Look at these bubbles here all turned up. What are these hairs? You dude you're supposed to put that on your lip. That's so foul! It looks like a little pubes dude. Oh my god, I am discovered. Oh oh, it looks like there's blackheads on it. Those are just air bubbles. Oh, is what I believe. Why are there air bubbles on it? Why is there air coming from within it? Do you know what produce produces air bubbles? Bacteria? That's a good point. That thing is awesome: I want to get yeah how'd. She get her hands on that that thing's cool, that's so sick anyway, so disgusting, so [ __, ] disgusting. So she responded. Jacqueline Hill responded. She said if any of you are receiving lipstick like this. Please know that this is not hair, I'm, afraid it's something much worse. My factory used brand new white gloves to do quality control and they shed all over my product. We switched to rubber gloves two days ago and we'll make sure this never happens again. What about the ball? What about the bubbles nobody's using cloth gloves for quality control anywhere in the world, for so many reasons, one being it's way more expensive than latex gloves and two it's way less sanitary than latex gloves. It doesn't make any sense to use cloth gloves anywhere ever anyway. Where does anyone use cloth, gloves, go ahead and tell me I'll wait go ahead. When does anyone use cloth gloves for handling anything jewelry stores, okay, jewelry stores, maybe you're right, I- think they're using blade time yeah? No, they use cloth. Okay, fine, Zack, all right, Zack, jewelry anywhere else. Anyone else! That's all I mean. Would you say, would you would you say that jewellery is porous and connect and soak up cloth mm-hmm? Well, not the good [ __ ] there you have it, there's no [ __ ] way. This is right: nasty, [, __ ]. Also, this was a great little thing: [ __ ], Kylie Jenner and [ __ ], all these Kardashian's so stupid, even after they got in trouble for promoting the fire festival. Here's Kylie Jenner. She posted a promotion for this lipstick and then quickly erased it once the people were finding hairs and [ __ ] in it how the [ __ ] who's paying her. She posted it after the controversy had already kicked in. She, probably just added schedules, yeah twice about it. Right. Look at this [ __ ]! Look at this [ __ ]. It looks like the [ __ ], sorting hat from Harry Potter I mean she had explanations for for everything in her in her video you know, but but just when you add up all about the ball, Dan yeah I, don't think she mentioned the ball. To be honest, looks like a wanker came. Oh, oh did you think that was a solid ball? No, that's just a cloth from the gloves. Oh yeah yeah right. So why not? How was this even worth her time, like literally she's, a billionaire? She probably should probably even touch her Instagram. She was like a manager, we just cused this [ __ ] up and just keeps the money flowing. [, __ ] me man, yeah, see any specialist on your lips. Don't see any lead, could you rashes, I, don't see any rashes or rashes from these things too right, because no people were getting rashes, yeah that ain't right, that's just disgusting that is so foul. So, in short, my dudes do not buy supplements or cosmetics. Anything that requires chemistry, please don't buy from youtubers ever go to Johnson &amp; Johnson. These guys been in the game. For years these [ __ ] wear rubber, gloves. You know what I'm saying these guys know how to make [ __ ] safely. They do not use asbestos. Why would they use asbestos I? Imagine just some Chinese factory in the middle of nowhere. Next to like a toxic polluted river. You know it's like a Green River, just using water from the river to make the cosmetics [ __ ] nasty there. You have it pretty funny stuff. This scared, the [ __ ] out of me little Sam, is crazier than I thought and this video really [ __ ] little zan. We talked recently about him that he has a zero A, zero IQ and this kind of continues that saga. Let's watch it and then comment on it. Apparently this guy little zan says something like two parks are boring and obviously caused a lot of stirred a lot of controversy. So this guy was just like hey dude. You know [ __, ], you or whatever for saying that [ __ ] about my boy to my buyback. So this is what ensues afterwards. Look a little Zen pulling a gun right now. Thank you. Hey look at this guy pulling the gun right now. Look at this [ __ ], hey put that [ __ ] out again: homie homie! You will [ __ ] yeah! That's why yeah yeah yeah yeah, so imagine being so unintimidating that you can point a [, __ ] gun at someone and not faze them like this. Guy was so unfazed by having a gun pointed at him by what seems to be someone who is constantly under the influence and unpredictable and still was like. You were such a little [ __ ] I'm, not even scared, I mean what I would have [ __ ] run. My I would have been like see, ya, I don't want a gun, pointed I mean I, get scared when I see little zant pointing a gun at him cuz. It looks like he's pointing it at me when I look at the screen. That scares me. You know what I'm saying but [ __ ] this kid man dude. This guy is a menace to society. Bro you get a little [, __ ] talk to you and you pull a gun like get the [ __ ] out I hope he gets arrested. I hope this kick is thrown in jail. That is so insane to pull a gun on someone like that yeah holy [, __ ] he's trying to claim that he pulled it in self-defense cuz. He was okaywell idiot, intimidate it well. I mean we don't know what happened before the video. Not to defend him deficit that he doubt that that really had a gun to be pulled, but, like you can disprove it watching this video I mean he only pulls his gun after they're walking away from each other sure, like you, can see here that guy's walk away also by the way in California. You can't just cruise around with a gun either. You know what I mean. That's not really a legitimate excuse, he's like treating it like a totally yeah yeah he's really handling it. Like a toy I want. You know, look a little Sam pulling a gun right now and dating a little Zen from the video, where he's probably rolling all over himself. Probably cool get out. I got a good look at my car. Really, that's it look at look at my car. That's all dude! Ever you and everyone in LA has a nice car, dude you're, not the only one with a nice car I see this car. This is like every other car, this machine in LA. Look at my car. My gun obviously doesn't intimidate you. This kid is a danger to society. This is truly disturbing. You a [, __, ] yeah. That's why yeah yeah yeah yeah, look at your car, you little [ __ ]! Oh, what a nightmare! Hey he's being investigated for assault with a deadly weapon. What's to investigate I mean here, it is I mean they they might want to pull video from before this video starts. You know, we don't know, I, don't I. Just don't I! Think it's safe to assume that yeah well, I mean I mean what if the guy was threatening him with violence or something I, don't know I'm not trying to make excuses for a little Sam, but that's probably why they want to take their time and investigate get the whole story. But yeah I mean I'd, say: there's a good chance, he's uh I, don't throw anything I mean even if he was defending himself again. He was. He was not by the time he pulled his gun. He didn't seem to be in any any risk. Any danger, you're right, that you can in the video the dudes walking away when the gun like here. So it's so here he walks away. He just pulled a gun out right. There he his back with yeah, that's pretty cut-and-dry, you're right and now he's walking away after he pulled the guy yeah. This guy pulled a gun, pulling a gun right now. This is all over arguing about to buy that's a good sound, but you need that sound buddy for sure you know where he's gonna be getting in prison, oh god, I really cringed! My sauce was like holy [, __ ]. You need [ __ ] out this guy's. Really he needs help. This is not the way to live. Your life ya, [, __, ], hospitalized from hot cheetos, [, __, ] drooling, all over yourself, while making a video with your girlfriend. Listen I'm, Pro, I'm, pro gun rights, I own, a gun, I believe but man I hate, seeing this [ __ ] yeah. This is not [. __ ] cool POC made me so uncomfortable. The dock got banned from twitch. This was a good story. Doctor disrespect I've been on the show guests on the show. Super twitch superstar recently did his first IRL stream. Irl stream is when you walk around and livestream just kind of being around doing your thing, and it's the first time he's ever done that he usually streams had his computer playing. You know, video games and and I've been watching the Bachelorette and she always goes and- and you guys watch that show. No, you know no bachelor nation tables up hook, thought it it's so sad. I can't stop watching that see people talking about all the time. It's really entertaining like the girl. This season is so undesirable and you have all these guys fighting for her, and you know that she's so undesirable, she's, a total ditz she's, not interesting she's, not even that attractive. Frankly speaking at least a mite to my taste, I mean she's, certainly not like a supermodel or anything. Does she [ __ ] from a previous season? Yes, one of those and she her ass got cut like she didn't make it even that deep to be honest with you yeah, but she was like the wild one. Yes, she she's. She was the crazy one. You couldn't help, and so she talks like kind of an airhead and she always goes and like died, I kind of miss those shows I used to watch the really [ __ ] sleazy ones, on vh1 back in the day like with Flavor Flav and [ __ ] play the loves, flavor love, oh my god, dude that [ __ ] was sold. You watch the Bret Michaels one yeah, the Bret Michaels one yeah. You should watch bachelor III, it's really it's so good and it's two hours long -, so you're asking [ __ ] two hours: oh yeah, baby every episode, two hours, that's great! Well yeah boy and I'm glued I'm telling you the production on these shows cuz, there's some that are just total bad tears. Garbage like networks, show right it's one of their most popular shows, whatever ABC, yeah, ABC I. Think baby Hannah, I'm, incontinent, yeah Hannah B see your bachelor nations that didn't like one guy say he loved her. Like the first episode, yeah he's totally psycho. It's awesome, all the other guy, this guy Luke. He said on the first day that he's falling in love with her and all the guys [ __ ] hate this guy and he's such a psycho. How can you know if you love someone exactly Zack, that's gotta, be scripted, then yeah. It's not scripted, he's just crazy. Well, it's not scripted. Why is that proof that it's scripted? It's not proof, but the guy you, you gotta, watch the show the guy's crazy, but that's like two good TV Zack. It's not that you're not ripped it, but it's it's a weird grade: yeah yeah! No! No! They are linked. No to behavior, sir no I'm, sorry I! Don't you guys are watching the season? Here's! What the thing is that you got all these guys and they're super competitive and they probably don't like in a vacuum. It was just them meeting her. They probably won't even be interested in her, but because it's like this Lord of the Flies kind of Battle Royale and they're super competitive they're, the only woman in the whole world. Basically, for these guys who were there for, like you know two months with just her, then it did a their brains. Get all crazy like this. Is the last woman on earth almost like and like an animal instigate. They had, they go crazy. Well, the guys on these shows are you know: they're [, __, ] hopped up well, the best you know the best part is that all these guys they're all like super jacked handsome dudes, but all these guys are just unemployed, yeah they're, like so eligible and her too, by the way she does have a [, __, ] job they're. All on this show for like two months like that, the last bachelor like the virgin dude, was any football player. He was an ex-football player, but he's already retired he's not he's he's unemployed, bro, yeah, he's straight-up unemployed is ABC pay him, or what do they do? Yeah I think they pay the bachelor or bachelorette, but like not, they pay not an insane amount, not like life-changing money and then all the other contestants do not get paid the Magnum. They are straight-up, unemployed, Wow. So this this is not that's. The part of the trip that, like trips me out about this show, is that you have all these guys fighting for her, who are they're all unemployed, yeah and they're supposed to get married at the end of the show, she's unemployed. It's like the show ends they get married and it's like every week. It's like crazy activities and same date, helicopter ride and then, when it's done, it's just got to be like oh [, __, ], we're just two unemployed idiots and I. Don't even like you that much and you know the marriage never lasts. Apparently some do Zack. You gotta have hope. Yeah, you gotta have hope the love exists, so I just looked it up and apparently so you're right, the the contestants. They don't get paid at all mm-hmm and the main the star, the either the bachelor or the Bachelorette. They do get a salary, but their salary is determined by their pay for their normal job Oh. What she [, __ ], jury duty, I guarantee. You know those guys make that much money, though no exactly yeah yeah. This is an article. This is actually just from a couple weeks ago that was a so much she relevant to the recent. It's you can tell the budget on the show is like really really insane cuz. What's a network show a network reality show I mean they yeah and it's it's really. Frankly, one of the most popular shows you can tell yeah for two mugging hours, but this is like season like twenty something I mean, but I recommend it's it's a fun watch, it's just fun. It's bachelor nation. All day every day, where was I doc gets banned, oh you're, going in the bathroom. You know, I really don't feel like talking about this one. What can you say it was stupid, yeah and I mean I think today, maybe there's gonna be finally a follow-up or a video from him about it. But as of the time of this recording, he has not really replied other than a tweet saying that that was coming. So we really don't have any updates on the situation. You know people are saying he might be in legal trouble because of all this. Well, it certainly possibly here's one shot. Okay, so he did this four times while at EA now it's illegal III. Thank you. It's illegal in California to film within a bathroom, it's against Twitch's, Terms of Service and I'm sure III and the facility that hosted it is not loving this either yeah he's got his badge revoked. He got kicked out, so you can see these giant blurred his they're cruising through the bathroom. These are all people here at the urinal and look at his [ __ ] dumbass cameraman. Well, the truth is, he knows, he's like man, we shouldn't be in here, but so this. Actually this isn't the worst one. The worst one is here, he's theirs at one point he's right at the urinal, and he I mean it's so close to seeing another dudes junk and it's a live stream. So you'd, there's no take-backs right! Yeah! You can see their face. You can see the junk I. Think there's even a kid here at this point peeing in the back, and he did this four times. He clears just such a dumb idea, dude. Just such a bad idea- and this this guy is kind of like the he's- got a lot of bad ideas. You know it's like every time he leaves his house. He gets in trouble. Don't at that Dan! That's a good observation, it's so great that this was his one first and last IRL stream I believe he said in his his one and only tweet, since this happened that he fired his his guy I think he was kidding. Don't you think so yeah it seemed ironic. I mean ultimately the responsibility I mean yeah. Okay, what is the kind he just falls on with the camera? Dock needs to be like stay outside the bathroom. Oh also, it happened here four times common sense. Four times it happens, yeah is he permanently banned or how does it work? Well, Pleasant. Now you still at least suspended people, don't know how long he was banned for there's not been a statement about it. I don't see twitch, making it permanent. No he's too important to the platform anyway. Yeah I mean because if they ban him he'll just go to youtube and keep doing what he's doing. I, don't think they I, don't think he's banned, but we don't know for how long he's been suspended. But ultimately, I do think this underlies a problem that we keep seeing on. Irl streams is that people going out into the world live-streaming cameras, there's no filtering, there's no take-backs and they're doing really dangerous, stupid, [, __ ], and so these guys out there they need to be held at switch suspended them. It is, but these guys need to be more thoughtful out there, because you I mean dude. If you showing like a little kids dick or some dudes dick in the bathroom I mean all those people have a right to privacy in the [ __ ] bathroom for Christ's sake. You can see when he's in there that they're all like what is going on everyone's super weirded out that'd be [, __, ], piss, there's, there's, there's a great possibility that he would be in legal trouble from from any one of these parties involved and, frankly speaking, he doesn't really have much of a defense. I would say, and I do think these IRL streamers need a wake up call because it's just a breeding ground for like toxic behavior and yeah. You know it's just a matter of. We only hear about it when [ __ ], like this happens but yeah. My impression of the people that do this is pretty I mean not Doc personally, but like the whole practice of going out and doing this IRL streaming doesn't seem to work out. Pretty often you know I'm sure, there's like there are decent dudes. You know that are conscientious and nice and good about it. Yeah again we hear about the bad ones like, but that there are toxic ones and they're under all this pressure to do something interesting and they're. You know just they push it too far and it's a lie. That's the part. That's so! You're live in an uncontrolled environment, and you just you gotta, be careful either it's a big difference between being live in the studio. I mean there's only so much that can happen here in this studio, I'm, not showing any kids dicks being at the urinal. For example, that's not a possibility. Any SH anyway. I will I'm very eager to see how this develops, though, because I'm surprised, doctor hasn't really said anything or apologized or explained, I mean as far as I've seen he's just kind of made ironic statements about it, not really taking it seriously and I I do think it is quite a serious infraction that he's done so. Yeah I mean, if he's in legal trouble, although he he would be best served in not saying anything, I suppose you're right, I guess maybe I wonder if that is you know if you end indicative of him being in legal trouble right, but he did. Let me see the one tweet he did make. He just said mishaps lead to recaps PS. My director Alex was fired. That seems ironic to me [Music], but he's just promoting his and to be fair. I did see a bunch of clips from that day. Careful I did see a bunch of clips from that day and was uh I mean it was pretty entertaining like he was being pretty funny in convention everything it was just he he blew it. He blew it yep now he's of great he's a hilarious. Do it I mean you know he was a great podcast cast a great entertainer, but I was a ton of fun he's. Just these guys got to be careful out there cruising in the bathrooms live-streaming. You know you might as well put the camera over a stall door. He was you know, well I'm, trying to keep the show or the show on the short side. Cuz I want to get home to my fam and enjoy the weekend. Take care of lo Theodore, so I will I will finish it up here, but I hope you guys enjoyed the show I hope that you laughed and learned along with us. This is your general, your your leader, foolish Maximus here to wish you a very happy weekend a fantastic week ahead. May all of your dreams and wishes come true. Your first Father's Day this Sunday, oh, is it Sunday yeah? You think that I have earned the right to celebrate. Father's Day, because I've only been at like nine days, dude feel better get you something: dude yeah, I'm, gonna beep. It I'm built out of that a 48-hour, [, __ ] marathon. He put you through come on I'm gonna, be all pissed and passive-aggressive all day [Laughter]. What? What do you want even get me in here? What do you want to eat? No I'm excited it'll, be fun, I, think I'm, just gonna have the family over my dad, my family and we'll just order some food. Take it easy, Oh, Ellis, mom's, gonna cook. She does this huge, oh she's out here, yeah she's out here, nice yeah, exactly yeah. It's been great having her here to help us. That's awesome, so she's gonna cook, a big old piece for everybody. She's has this incredible incredible chef she's she she'll wake up at like 5:00 a.m. a cook until like 5:00 p.m. and she's just she's crazy, but fantastically before to that. So to all the other dads out there you were dad's rule and moms drool, no model kit catches, good all right! Well, and- and so that's it- that's all I've got to say so, we'll see you next week, ela will probably be back next week. I will see how he's feeling and and we'll see you then meanwhile, I don't know about if I'm gonna be making any HD videos, probably not I, don't think I'm ready a couple more weeks. Maybe I'll start working on something, but here we are all righty. So that's about it guys. We love you. We appreciate you keep on foolish Maximus in it up and we shall see it next week. Thank you all appreciate you. Tata [Music].