- I need to get out of the street go away well better. It hits me that hits you that's true back that up, I didn't even come off the throttle, dude that was full throttle. Wow I gotta go back and watch that I was exciting. Welcome everybody's actually, pumpkins live, not live anymore, shot, live and then pre-recorded welcome. Today's three-part got sick, oh yeah, we're sick is hack, but today's episode is sponsored by Brook linen Noom, quip and honey. Today's episode is co-hosted by ela Klein, the beautiful and sick, and also co-hosted by ethan klein. That's me, sick, huh. Well, we're both hope. We're both co-hosts right or my. The host I always feel like you're, the host and I'm. Just here your host, Ethan and ela who's. Just here I hope you guys enjoyed my scooter riding. We have spotted a new scooter that I'd like to pitch to you all. Tell me what you think this one is $7,000 and I do think that I do think. There's a good chance. I'm gonna buy this. If I'm being totally honest with you huh, it's like an off-road camo military-grade scooter did you. Oh, you probably muted the stone look at this off-roading he's hitting dirt. Amazing he's got like tank grids, 32 Molitor, 32 km/h. It goes snow, engineered to scale up terrain with a 60%. What is this for Oh he'd? This is a van bro. Can you imagine that Rob some dude who's like disabled cruising around? In this thing it would be good to carry all the groceries back. So it's seven thousand bucks and I think that one would literally crush the gas, but you could roll over the gas fee on that thing, I don't know for seven thousand bucks. It seems goodbye now, last time it was 3,500 and we were like. Should we buy it? Should we not and then it was definitely the best well spent. It's not already got my money. Okay thing is I'm, not sure that thing we need to go off-roading. You can't utilize that in the office, but I'm thinking, if I make a video with the Gatsby and then I come in over the top at the end, with like the pretty boy. What do you call that wheelchair a tank there's got to be a funnier name than that? It's like the leave it at that, but I'm I'm super excited. I've got a new toy to motivate me and it's a hybrid -. They call it tank electric wheelchair, hi, Britain who's I, think it takes a diesel diesel operate that day. I think it was just a hybrid like it's: it's half tank half wheelchair half army of massive weapon of mass destruction, F completely disabled half over white half dick weapon of mass destruction. That describes me dunno. If you go down to Venice Beach and that thing people [ __ ] trip and you can go in the sand, yeah charge people who are relaxing on the sand. Can you imagine now? That's a prank video I'd like to see I'm happy to announce that we also have new scooter videos for all of our enjoyment. As we know, the scooter people are close and dear to our hearts: they're a menace to society, they're a danger to our children. Yada yada yada this one's great, this one I like because as I'll play for you now I'm in Munich, cuz I, don't know what kind of Riverdance [ __ ] they're listening to, but the kids are River dancing now you'll notice, Graham in the back corner there she goes she's moving and she just takes out girl now. What's so great, if I can go back for a moment is that the girl is so on, faith I mean her arms, don't even come on profit as great as Nana pushes her out of frame so watch this Nana's, like oh I'm, going in there watching this show see someone pays by Nana and they come back. I love that dance. It's a river dance! You never seen that there was a girl might like middle school, is all about river dancing. Nana slowly goes back to man, good thing, Nana didn't have a gas-filled I said girl, be dead. Sure did that kids can't knit, though, let's talk about this kid who's getting it he's still screwing around in the back doing the show this dude's, giving it his all and Nana stole the damn show that girl never came back, though, that girl she took out just fell everybody's watching the show and then I'm so rude, maybe just watch the show. What is the context of this situation? There's a bunch of old people watching something is doing a Riverdance and I. Don't even think most of them are looking. You know why are all the balloons green, the st. Patrick's Day at a return? Oh daddy's got all this. What do you uh Sherlock Holmes over here? Okay, if you're such a genius weapon and the girl that you scooted off frame when she dead, she's gone honestly and so Jay takes me a minute to understand, and so I just want to watch this one more time before we move on so I think it's already happening the tragedy. So here's Nana here's, the girl in chair as fate- would have it they're a goofy are kind of dance than this. No I. Don't think so, your cousin Anna I loved kamikazes into her till, like man, is just scooting you out of there. So there you have it. Wheelchair people are out of control. Now, if all people shouldn't be allowed to drive cars, should they be allowed to drive nobility late or not there you go, they should just be confined to their own space. He shouldn't be a lot of public according to healing order here. Well, it's a lot aegis, wuo, but okay, we got another scooter, video I, don't know. What's with scooter people they're trying to hit these. This is the second good, a person I've seen trying to hit a halfpipe at a skate park. You know and it doesn't work out for them for her either. It's not much of an incline. I love how just all their scooter gear falls out. Although the sound of coins fine, because these scooter people have like their whole life in that scooter, did you hear all those coins yeah bunch of loose change? Let's try to see what actually falls out. You couldn't even hit like a 5% incline like it's just a bunch of receipts. Loose change, gee, I, don't know, she's got a lot of stuff. What are you doing in the skate park? Man, it's pretty incredible well makes me want to take the gas. We don't know: skatepark Columbia, no, that's true, but I'm. Just gonna eat [, __ ], like all these people do different. Well, you got the gaps, be a little better equipped, that's true and I'm more skilled driver. You saw me back up younger now. This one was fit I, just a little, a little younger a little more this. This one blew me away. I can't believe what I'm watching here fun being on it. These two dudes at the beach each on a mobility scooter they're going to war. They are straight-up like an old school chariot war. Oh there's one behind the other and now they're gonna ram into each other. This guy's we're all speed, I, think you're laughing in the back, so I can't tell if they're, if there's I can't help there yeah the bigger is, if they're, if this is hostile or not, but so that one's on the phone now and then the other guy I think he's laughing, but he just rammed his and I mean these guys are out of their minds. If they're kidding around well, they were out of their minds either way, but now that guy a brother, this is like chariot, chariot wars of old. We got to get these two gladiators in us. This is the best exactly look at these two guys go they're like 5 inches dude Wow. Do you think it's anger or joy that they're doing this I? Think it's a joy, because these things as we saw are not that cheap, the scooters wonder what happened to cause and who told us it's kind of like a status quo. You gotta show off. You owe your status symbol. You gotta show off your new scoot and you don't want to have any damage going on that. Oh, you know he's probably calling 9-1-1 I, don't think it's a friendly, cuz I thought I saw this guy laughing, but it's hard to tell, but they may come on what kind of what kind of caused such a rift between these uh. Distinguished gentlemen. Well I was blocking the way you know, and it's kind of like when you see people fighting over a parking spot. Hmm, this is the mobility mobility fights that you will see. I think they probably both came from a deli and one of them got the last bowl of soup or something yeah exactly. This is so. This is so poignant, like of all the scooter videos we've watched I would have never dreamed that I'd find two old men playing chicken and well look at the dinner. They get good, they hit admit they go you're gone. You can tell they're both kind of heavy air they're still flying, so they both Florida and went head-on and and just slammed into each other, and they jumped out of their seats like for good 5 inches. There I think this might be my favorite, the video, but then I was like wow it's right on cue, so scooter people are still brazii, yeah, I'm, happy to announce, and meanwhile Gila. If we do, everyone go off-roading in our Gatsby. I loved is covered with a with this two minutes. I, don't know it was a fan, submissions, email, I, love, so we're good I looked at. It's got three reviews on Amazon I think you may want to read one of them mmm with pleasure: three ratings. It's got four and a half stars, pretty good me and my best friend Gary used to go LARPing and a pro we'd always arrived, dripping wet. But when we came across his amazing invention, let's just say it now keeps us from drowning and other things. Wink, wink, I, don't know what it means. Exactly astounding me and my life partner searching your state comfortably drying our ventures through Africa. Oh maybe for a motorcycle dude. Can you imagine running down? Do people in Africa a trip if they saw that talk about white devil? Did I love them me and my best friend Gary? But that's a good not keep us from drowning and other things. Wink, wink, wink, wink, I. Think! That's all people comment our ping do not LARPing is no. It's like real-life role-playing. Oh when you pretend you're like a wizard and live action. Yeah, okay, yeah, that's a goof about an email Lauren! Thank you for this Thank You percent. Here's the most legit review, I like it. Okay, look at all their related product. What the file kinds of styles of ponchos, shit's, crazy, adult waterproof rain, poncho bites call rain creeps! Alright, let's get out of this like that. So it's good to people are still brazii, I'm, happy to say and I'm still open submissions. We can't get enough scooter. People I've become one of them in other news. Three beats slide: DMC aid removed and gave us a strike of all the people to go to war with. Did you ever expect to be three beats like a family? What was the song? They did? They go boogie Oh something about love. It was the bomb yeah love bomb, yeah, something it was that with the strange dad and his strange two kids in Hawaii who make music together, they they removed our podcast I, said yo. You really want to do this I, you know I'm, like listen, I fought, fair use' in court and won and I write the case and everything I was like. You guys really want to do this they're, like yeah. We do want to do this and there's another company in front of them. Like vid I, don't know one of these stupid companies just claims people for people for claims, videos for people, but they did. They took it down so I'm disputing it now and I invite them to sue me. I would love I actually would I think this is a great case, because I'll tell you what happened. You've got a two hour long podcast. We watched the last two minutes of the podcast. We were commenting on their new song, celebrating its release and then so. First, they claimed the whole two-hour episode of the podcast for a two minute clip at the end. Yeah. Now that's never been fought in Kate. There's, never gonna press it in about about this issue of copyright, where you can claim a two hour, long video, because somebody use 30 seconds of your work, something like that. So I think that would be a really important precedent to just to explore in court. And second, you know. Thirdly, finally, secondly, something Lee see I'm all. Thank you see. What do you mean see like ABC Sealy, that I'm always happy I'm, more equipped, I'm more knowledgeable, have more resources than I ever did to fight this in court? So three Beach slide. If you want to come at me, if you want to sue me, baby I'm, all game ready, three beats slide, doesn't sound like them right, I, wonder if it's just that company, but they are not aware I wonder who's liable, because the company is the one that issued the DMCA, mm-hm and and Dan. You had a communication with them as well right, well, just a very generic stock response that they gave when they declined our appeal. Let me show you guys in case anyone's confused about who we're talking about its these uh. This genius here, I, don't know. I can see this guy I. Could it's hard to I? Don't know who's doing it, but ultimately I would assume it's damn who were who is liable, but who knows but I I countered it. The video will be back up and I I would make my day. Dude I am ready to continue to defend fair use in court. I'm, better I'm, more educated I got more resources. I'm ready, dude, Matt Haas got me at the worst time ever we were broke. We we were unsure because there was never a precedent like that set before, but we were up for the fight this time. I'm salivating, I'm I, invite you please come at me. Let's do this. Do it I've already won once you think I can't do it again. Let's go dude. Look at the you can't handle getting goofed on a little bit. You gotta earn you don't know I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt, because they've always been this company go out of the way. They've always been like the goofy kind that everyone like I wouldn't go out of the way, though, why would this company go out of the way cuz? That's what this is? What happened with prank invasion back in the day? Is that collective? Whatever it's called that really terrible Network? Why is any oh wait for square? Maybe it was no yeah. It was full screen. Actually you're right and full screen was the one that took down our video and so I was like Chris. What's up, why are you taking down our shed and Chris is like Oh full screen? They did it, but like come on. I did full screen, wouldn't create a liability for themselves unless thought hardest. Ask them to, but I was thinking. Oh, this is the only chance they're gonna get to make money is to claim our podcasts, because our podcast gets a million views it's two hours long, so it generates a nice bit of revenue. Couple thousand bucks and their video is never gonna, make that much so they're gonna claim our entire podcast because we goofed on them for two minutes at the end of the podcast. It's obscene I'm, still a believer and their wholesome family and I think they're just having fun and I don't know. Well, whatever whoever um um I, don't care, I mean everybody's, got a burr, no I'm, just saying I, don't know if I would point the finger at and then I have a hard time thinking that he wasn't aware of it. Okay, but I could I mean I could be wrong, I mean I'm, just assuming I have no way to know yeah, but the reason I think that is because originally Dan you have the correspondents. They said they said something about forwarding it to the artist no I hear I have the message right here. They didn't say anything about the artist yeah I mean it. Their message seems to be indicating they're just doing it on behalf of them. So thank ya. Well, thank you for contacting providing us URL Vidia is the company spell it v. Y dia is playing in this segment on behalf of the copyright holder. Please note if you accept the claim the segment using the copyrighted material takedown is not necessary. After review. Our rights management team are enforcing the claim, so this is this was after appeal that they said and I was like. Oh on it, I was like okay, dude put me in touch with your lawyers. They respond, which they never responded with. Yeah I think you should probably ask your manager, cuz I, know what I'm talking about they're like all free money, Oh free money, I, claim video and get free money on YouTube, I Duke. Weird kind of luck. I may not love, but it's amazing that in the years of doing this podcast it's the [ __ ] three beats strike ever I'm telling you I haven't gotten a strike in years. Yeah I have a hole. I have a whole rant about this okay. Well, first of all, when it comes to the type of person Matt Haas was not the person I expected to sue me and go to court over to the thing. Is that the big license holders, like you, know the Viacom's and Sony's or whatever? They know that it's not worth the effort and they know because they actually have lawyers. They know that it's not worth and they have a losing case still on top of it, so they are literally just exploiting the vulnerabilities in the DMCA system. Now these guys actually don't know what they're doing they individual the individuals and they're the ones that will take it all the way because they don't understand myself, I, don't have good counsel and they don't really know what they're getting themselves in. So it makes sense to me that it's the Matt Haas and on three of each sides of the world yeah who end up getting themselves into trouble, but you two is so patronizing. You know I get a strike for this I dispute it and they make me go to copyright school. They make me they make me think of quiz when, when I get a strike to traffic school yeah, they make me take a quiz about copyrights to to start the clock on the strike. Expiring and I go to my guy and I'm. How long is the quiz? It's like ten questions, but it's it's so patronizing where it's like okay, you're gonna, make me take this copyright quiz. Did you make whoever's filing the claim? Take a copyright quiz, cuz I think they should take a freaking quiz before they claim my video guarantee nah. It's like dude I fought a lawsuit for fair use. Why are you making me take a copyright quiz? Why are you giving me a strike? I get a strike even though I disputed it I'm defending myself against parasitic copyright claims and DMCA takedowns I know what I'm doing. Why am I getting punished like I did something wrong getting a strike and why am I being forced to go to copyright school when I'm defending myself, but they should get a strike? It's like! Okay, you want to claim someone. Your ass go to copyright school. It's ridiculous! You know why should all the burden be on the defendant? That's true! Why? Why is that a strike or defending myself? So the whole thing was just so annoying. It really is. You know it makes it feel like um the tone of the situation from the beginning. Luckily, I'm educated on this and I know about it, but if you are not initiated or you're, not educated, it makes it automatically from the getting feel like you're, wrong and they're right. I. Think that's why the first time was so scary and we were so stressed throughout the whole lawsuit, because we, like logically it made sense that we were in the right. But you just don't know well there's there was never a precedent yeah, we just didn't know what to expect. You hope that the judge gets it and you're, confident that the law is on your side and yeah and and thankfully you know, but it it all makes you feel like you're not and the right yeah. The stakes were very high in on that lawsuit. So, but yeah now now having been through that I'm, very confident yeah, but I can see it. The way that it plays out it feels like the defendant is wrong. You are punished, they are empowered. They try to steal your money and you say no like okay, we'll move your video and then you get a strike and you have to go to school. Also, they are like so wrong about it. What are they gonna argue that we're taking money from them like people are watching our show to see their video finding a stop is if we send them more traffic end of a two hour podcast. How do we give them visibility? We send them more traffic. So if anything, they can even argue like lots of money. So right that one of the crux of copyright infringement lawsuits is that we're stealing their yeah Anacortes traffic. There were competition, but that cop dirty, when you're talking about to our podcast, is very intimate to our podcast. There's, just no room at all. We're there it's impossible that we're stealing their organic traffic yeah anyway, these guys, whatever I just it's stupid, they should be punished. I'm gonna beat them they're gonna disappear, it's gonna come back after ten days or whatever, and you know I'm the one that has to eat [, __ ] and they just and they're what? What is that you know? Well, so they they actually did the whole DMCA thing. Yes right! So basically it goes like this Dan. They said I want to take your money. I said no, you can't have my money and then they said. Okay, so we'll remove the video right and then I did be a the DMCA and yet right so I mean no fraudulent. Dmca I mean that is punishable by like a huge fine right, I mean like fraudulent DMCA. You have to prove that they had a bad faith. Dmca. You would have to find evidence right. Well, the thing is the wording of the DMCA again so prohibitive, because it says you have to have a good faith. Yeah knowledge, our good faith opinion that it's in violation of copyright, so to be able to argue that they have that they didn't have good faith. You have to like prove that they knew it was fair use which yeah, obviously that's pretty hard to do unless, like subpoena their their email location or what a little absurd at that point, yeah so bummer, it's pretty [ __ ]. How that all works? I'm surprised man I, have it's been a while, since I haven't had a license holder, just let go of the claim yeah. They almost always back down when we dispute stuff and they have nothing to gain. They have nothing to gain by by removing the video yeah. That's what it's just vindictive. That's what always surprised me when people do that, that's what Matt Haase did yeah, so the whole podcast episode is down for how long like, oh, like I, don't know it'll be up in like a week or something back up and then their next their only recourse from that point is to sue us. You know it's funny. The Matt ha video that was originally removed. It's still down it's like hello. We won the lawsuit idiots. The judge said that spare use. Can you bring the video back up? It's a thought! Oh well, it's never happened before you know, but it's like hey. Is this still in violation of copyright? Youtube. Are you sure about that outrageous? So, in summary, the three beats slide is sliding their way to my life and looking forward to fighting them in court. In the beautiful state of Hawaii Matt huh, hidden Matt house asked us for action. Talk about that. Wait we never signed anything. I could talk about him all I want I, don't know what he said. He wanted us to sign something saying that we couldn't talk about him and we said fu, but that's different from from what from miles and details of like trying to come into an agreement like offers. I think we can talk about it. I mean we already did then, but whatever I'm not even gonna, go there. You guys know that guy's, an idiot Matt Haas the park for it. He tried to sue me for defamation, because what was it like? Throwing defamation cuz? Why not? What was it like? It's weird that what you removed or something I, don't remember anymore, but it got thrown out easily I. Have you raised it all from my memory? Yeah I know it really. It's been anyway, shut up to three beats elide, who will be a 3-bit slide or three bitch-slap or four Beach, because they suck three Beach three Beach, it's three being slide. Yeah three beats slide. Bro your shits, not vevo dude! You can't put Viva on your idiot. It's not VEVO. Dumbass you're, like a grown-ass man, come on expect that from a 12 girl, but you can't actually put vivo in your [ __ ] good. How do you know man he's signed? What do you think this guy does sign to a major English bro? What do you think he does for a living? He looks like he just ate a bunch of bolognaise and didn't wipe his face. Got like red all over his face. He manages a pool, cleaning supply, store or something like that, something like super mundane, okay, let's move on from the beat three Beach slide. We should gonna break. Oh we're gonna go to break when we come back. We've got. We have a lot today. We've got the cringe Trinity and the god cringe. I mean this. Is you? We've got a holy god Trinity here of cringe that culminates in the dog abuser made an apology. Nerd City made this huge expose on YouTube, the god cringe is a preacher who's on his phone, while speaking in tongues, so good, I, love that he's speaking in tongues and he's just casually on his phone. Like he's not his heart is not in it anyway, we got a lot of fun coming up and so do not go away. This is an h3 nation. This is an army right, Dan, yeah, all right, yeah, you heard from Dan, Brook linen calm, makes the best sheets in the game. Let me tell you: what's up Gila when that week comes when those Brooklyn sheets go on the bed. I know it's gonna be a great week. Let me tell you the truth: I spend 1/3 of my life in my bed. Actually scratching I've had two thirds of my life in bed and I want to be making good, damn sure that I'm comfortable, that's what Brooke linen comes in to making the best sheets the most comfortable and they go directly to consumer, because that markup, if you go to a like a retail store, is in the Seine I've seen she's go up to $1,000, that's not the case with Brooklyn, because they sell directly to you and makes you doesn't need a cut bs middleman. They got 35,000 five-star reviews, there's a reason for that. Their mission is simply this to make you comfortable. They got luxury sheets towels bedding and more without the luxury. Markup most sheets apparently have a 300% markup, so getting out of town. My sheets are so comfortable. My towels have turned my bathroom into a spa. I cannot recommend Brooklyn enough go to Brooklyn and calm and I've got an exclusive offer for you guys to get 10% off and free shipping. When you use promo code h3 at Brooklyn and calm, they are so confident in their product that all the sheets, comforters and towels come with a lifetime. Warranty damn buy it once for life. The only way to get 10% off and free shipping is used code, promo code h3 at Brooklyn and Comm. That's BR, ook, Li n en comm promo code, h3, Brooke linen these are the best sheets ever Noom is the solution for a fatass like me to actually get focused and lose weight. Fat asses like me, have tried everything and I'm not saying that to be derogatory, I'm just being on I'll talk about myself, you're, beautiful and voluptuous I'm. A fatass Noom addresses the issues that we have problem with dieting. What they address is the this: the psychological issues, the this physical issues, the social issues. They build a community where you, where people keep you accountable, and you have a trainer who talks to you and keeps you on budget keeps you it teaches you it's an educational tool. It counts your calories and it kate's you about the food that you're eating on a day to day basis, if you're eating, avocado or whole-wheat toast- or maybe you have a a bowl of cereal and they're gonna. Tell you basically how much of what you can eat to to hit your weight goal and you're gonna learn a lot too about what's good and what's not because because they have a write-up on every food. So it's education, it's psychology. They are building a support system to make sure that fat asses like me can lose weight. You guys may notice that I've lost a couple of pounds: red ELA. That's thanks to noon. I'm, checking in I'm keeping updated I'm. Not what are you talking about new? It's a it's designed to change the habit of users and learn to develop a new relationship with food through personalized courses. It's based on cognitive, cognitive, behavioral approach. It's not a diet! It's healthy and easy to stick to way of life. If this sounds like something that you might be interested in, if you want to change the way that your relationship is with food, you don't have to change it all. In one day, small steps make big progress, sign up for your trial. Today at noon and oom comm /h 3. What do you have to lose guys except weight visit, new moms, /h free to start your trial? Today, that's noon. Dot-Com / HD, the last weight loss program. You'll ever need so set up for your trial. Today, at noon and oom comm /h, 3 quip is a toothbrush that has revolutionized. My brushing experience is a product that I loved and endorsed personally, and it's changed the game for me and a lot of people in the brushing domain. I love it so much brush community whip, sensitive vibrations and built in time by brushing for the dentist recommended two minutes with the 30 second pulsing, to ensure even clean in each quadrant of your mouth. Quad automatically delivers brushes to every three months for clean new bristles right on schedule. It's got a sleek intuitive design that is simple to use and comes with a travel cap that doubles as a mirror mount. These thoughtful features make brushing something you can actually want to do twice a day. Good habits matter to live a healthier life, guys it's important to take care of your teeth and quit makes it easier and more enjoyable to do that, and not to mention it's got the soft bristle has. It doesn't harm my gums at all, and that's something that I'm just obsessed with. You need to maintain your gums that will not grow back people and quit I endorse for that. Quit starts at just 25 dollars as well, and you get your first refill pack for free at get quick, calm, /h Street. This is a simple way to take better care of your mouth support. The show and getting toothbrush that will float you all the way to Valhalla and you'll be the biggest name in the tooth brushing community quip starts at just 25 dollars, and you get your first refill pack for free at get quick, calm, /hre, there's a simple way to improve your oral hygiene, become the biggest name in the brushing community and help support our show at the same time, so go to g ET q, UIP comm, / h3 and get your first refill pack for free, so go right. Now to g ET q, UIP comm, /, h3 quip starts at just $25. You get your first refill refill pack for free at get quick, calm, /, h3 Eva. Have you ever bought something online and find out? You could have gotten it for less it's worse than a messy poop, true, not to mention once it happens. You feel like you could be overpaying every time you buy something online. Luckily, I have honey the free browser extension that saves you time and money when shopping online, honey, scans, the internet for coupons and other discounts then like magic. It automatically applies the one with the biggest savings to your cart at checkout. It knows about every coupon code, sale or discount and over 20,000 sites like Amazon, Macy's, j.crew, Domino's, Sephora, Target and more and in this case Baby Gap. You know you spent $230 a baby gap yeah. Now it oh well more. Like 160, you say the 70 bucks yeah, that's a passive it just passively scans. The Internet yeah you checkout, and it's like you just saved it's just shopping for Theodore and I've turned it on. You know it feels amazing and let me tell you it feels like a clean life when you save with honey. It's there's a reason. It has over 10 million users, and let me tell you this number: it's saved over a billion dollars for it's 10 million users passively for free. You got nothing to lose, there's no reason not to be using honey. It's free to install and easy to install just two clicks on your computer: get honey for free, I'd, join honeycomb, slash, h3, that's, join honey, calm, slash h3, you didi mega doodoo! We are back with the godlike cringe Trinity, the Holy Spirit, the mother and the son. Do you guys remember the dog abuser, this girl who spit on her top and accidentally uploaded it to YouTube, and it was like computer a whole beautiful chain? Well, she finally is back. She has disappeared and come back with apology, not a good ratio on that it 33000 down 1.70 second chances on you too. Well here, won't you listen. No, no I mean that's. True. People are cut, throw these days. Oh, but you listen, and you tell me a message for you. Welcome for me. Yes, the comments are brutal. It says it's comedy category C, they said comment yet cuz this video's a joke all right, so you guys tell me what you think: [Music] Chris, either audio real, quick I, want to say thank you to anyone who hasn't reached out. No, no problem in this discussion over the past month or so I just want to genuinely say. Thank you because I think as a society. It is so important that we continue to talk about things we feel need to be talked about. Thank you for bringing it up to my attention. It's the worst. It's the worst, it's the worst I hate that it's so patronizing yeah. Thank you or small for expressing your concern. Thank you. Your default - yeah. It's the work, dude! It's the work! Don't do that also. Nobody believes that you're actually grateful yeah. We everyone ruined -. Thank you for ruining my life. Thank you. Thank you for cello. Thank you for spending on my dog who spits on their dog. Nobody. She does okay, I was concerned. Thank you for that. Thank you. You're welcome. My pleasure want to apologize to anyone who was offended. It has never [ __ ], a great apology apologize to anyone who was offended yeah, which is kind of your you're, not a non-apology cuz. It's like sorry that you were offended not not mindful mm-hmm right, so she's kind of hitting the the she's batting up like a banker no yeah she's got the thank you for bringing to my attention and the apologies to anyone offended. Let's see where it goes from here. Try to justify my actions. Youtube apology looks like a whole genre. There's a lot of them have I made an apology, video intentionally yeah when did I, make an apology. Video, oh I, did for The Wall Street Journal yeah yeah, that's the first that comes to mind yeah right yeah, that one was necessary: [Laughter], okay, I guess: we've all the wrongs, all better, maybe yeah boy, I, didn't know. God! We got thanks. You thank yous. We got apologies mmm tears tears for you, I like that I like that one I like that title. It's like Oh for me and I. Never will I, don't like this positon. What I have done, however, is I've taken this time this past month or so to further educate myself in animal training and in animals in general. Like she does your dog she's like so is it okay to spit on the dog? Oh, it's not. Okay doesn't mean that I'm, the leader of the pack mm-hmm I'm, just trying to alpha him a volunteer at a local animal welfare organization, and so I'm really happy and excited about that. Hopefully, you're not spitting on dogs there. Let's keep you away from dogs since the matter I have invested in professional dog training, so much I just imagined it was spitting on her dog I promise. You relationship is strong where's. The dog, the trainer is absolutely amazing, where's the dog, and it's just perfect, it's exactly what what I needed contact with LAPD since the matter and honestly, every day I'm just trying to continue to better myself as a dog owner. Okay, what's with those pauses, does anyone else have a problem with no I agree, I think she's trying to do it in one take yeah I mean yeah she's, not she doesn't have any cuts, so I think she might gets off the cuff, yeah, obviously I think she probably filmed this like you know dozens of times, as we saw in the in the in the one she uploaded first spitting on her dog. She takes stuff a lot, so I think that she she I mean she disappeared for like a month. She's probably just doing takes of this the whole time. This is the one I just want to encourage you that if you see me in public I want you to come up to me, stop that's a weird one. What are you talking about? You know me and just by coming up and talk India on the street [Music] or other public figures. Even who have commented on the situation. I pray, I pray that one day we can meet because I would love to show you who I really am bro. What are you invited you want to hang out. You won't become like a my best friend once she ghosted us right, yeah, you yeah I, reached out to you and you ghosted me so I don't bring I, don't arraign yeah leave her I, that's so true. I opened the door to a conversation with her and she goes to me. She's, just better pray harder. She goes to you before. We even talked about it on the podcast or really publicly other than just write that one tweet so mmhmm yeah not buying it. You know the what's that one book pray, eat, love versus pray, eat, spit, I, don't think it will, but in the off chance that it does get monetized, she tried the monetize. It tried to monetize it or not, but I'm gonna donate, that's I think she was expecting yet like 10 million will go if this video does get monetize just because I know people are going to ask and okay I, don't think this video will be monetize, but in the off-chance ain't over she keep talking about the money they donated to an animal welfare, animal welfare organization in Southern, California last thing, I want to say before I go is. Thank you. So much to everyone who has continued to support me doesn't affect many of study. Said I love you so much, and it's just meant the world to me over this time. So I just want to say thank you and again. I want to say thank you to everyone who has commented on this situation and has spoken out about us that are important to them and things that matter to that is. Thank you. You're welcome, besides that lots of thank yous very grateful. Did she wait so we're worrying Q for listening, where's, your dog, there you go. What do you think are we are we buying it? It's a pretty bad one. I mean she I, don't know it's just kind of like you, just [, __ ] up, you know and there's just not much. You can say right now, you just gotta. Take it. You just gotta, take some time and with such an epic fail dude you spit on your dog. It's the weirdest thing you could do and the way it happened that she uploaded the unedited her hold they're all channels about her happy-go-lucky relationship with the dog one for the anals. He knows of youtube a well there. You go, you guys be the judge for yourselves. Does the dog abuser spitting girl? Is she sincere? Does she deserve to be curved to continue to live on this planet, or should she be blasted into outer space and never to be seen or heard from again, because what I think a lot of people on the internet would like to deal with her know that they cancel blast them in outer space to spend out the rest of their days? We haven't, so that's the that's. The I would guess. I would call that the holy ghost of the cringe train man, because her YouTube channel is a ghost town- oh nice, like that and the next one in the fringe pants. This is why found through Chris D'elia. He said if you see he said on Twitter. If I see anyone wearing these I'm gonna punch them in the faces and well he's got a point, so they say tech insider. This wearable chair could change how we work and travel you've gotta be good at my crime, you can't be sick inside they're like this is some kind we're a revolutionary tech. This they can't be serious, I mean so it's so it's like a harness around your waist and there's two legs that that rest on the back side of your legs and when you sit it turns into a chair, but it looks so cumbersome and, frankly dangerous as well this music. What do you think yeah this wearable chair will allow you to sit anywhere yeah? Can you imagine the guys got like a whole? What bro you look like such a tool? Does that makes it an extension of your body how you gonna sit on the bus. Yeah takes up the wheelchair spot, dude had to sit to grab a drink bro. Why don't you jump off the ledge work? It doesn't even look comfortable. No, it's called deluxe deluxe, it's lightweight and portable dude. Stop. Can you imagine anyone actually walking with that? This is madness. It's made of aerospace grade aluminum, okay, great. Why is sitting so important? All of a sudden, you got to give up your look and you can spark up to 285 pounds. No, it's okay! Shaq wants one of these. You can have it. Do you do dude if it's so true, like Chris said I mean? If you see someone walking around with this, then you you, you need to be outcast from society. You should be chastised and removed from society. That's a good point. Why is sitting so important yeah? Do you like the right I mean you're gonna, look like this person there that looks so uncomfortable. Dude encourages good posture, reduce the risk of back pain. Oh there, you go, you look, there's always somewhere to sit and courage is being punched in the face, reduces amount of friends. Mm-Hmm just looked at up 215 bucks for one of those Oh God can we buy one. So it looks like it was only sold in a limited quantity because it was like a Kickstarter mm-hmm. So someone actually thought this was a good idea. I mean they raised thousand and forty three thousand dollars. The creator says it can change how we use our workspace shut, the [ __ ] up. We have chairs dude I like how it's the creator's say: yeah. No one else believes someone else's dude. That cannot be comfortable. How we commute yeah. You can't sit on that thing. Oh my god, do you understand what a spectacle you would be if you were to walk through that thing? What happens when you're going the Train? You can't say it: you have to use your seat, your poopy see it. What happens if you got a pee? Why are you? Why are you so desperate to sit like that's what I don't understand yeah, so we can't buy this bin? Well, they they succeeded in their Kickstarter, so it might be coming soon. Can you see if we can buy it? I I mean it. It looks like it was a the Kickstarter was it says the starting price is 186 and they raised the price I'm, seeing on an article from Digital, Trends 215, but well go ahead and go to the web site see if we can buy one of these, so I'm gonna go yeah all right. What I would like to do is have Zach's or sorry Ian setting this as I run them over on the Gatsby pre-order now hold on pre-order. We'll, never see that thing. So that's the cringe spirit. Once you walk around in public with this thing and you get thrown off the bridge, you were sitting in front of you'll, become a spirit I'm trying my best I like it. Thank you wait and they hold on on indiegogo, which is another crowdfunding website they raised a hundred and twenty five thousand there. So baton were these scammers they have separate starving is when you can do that, like double double dip, double dip, my god and that's who for scanning the perk yeah and the perk on this one, it was $400. You donate to get a set of it to d.school. These nobody's ever getting listened to how much of a scammer ease these Kickstarter's? Are they go? We have a two hundred dollar product. If you give us four hundred, you will get no equity in the company, but we'll give you a chair worth $200. What how about you make something? That's good enough that you could create it of its own merit, I hate, Kickstarter, yeah, it's a there's, a lot of nonsense on there, I mean some good things have come from it, I wouldn't just say across the board. It's awful but I think it's 90%, scam, yeah totally, because there's no accountability, they can raise as much money as they want. They keep the money. There's there's no accountability. Oh the real problem is people that just keep giving money to people on Kickstarter and it's insane people. How did this tech insider Twitter thing also I think cuz people I'm so stupid? Okay, yeah, you think they're well, I, think the the supposed delivered they said expected delivery in December so like this started like a year ago, but supposedly people are gonna start getting them pretty soon, so I guess they're getting more buzz. I think it's a joke that it was so explosive on Twitter, but Dan. If you can get me on the wait list, I'll pay $500 for a $200 chair. Why not get me in that? You guys want one. We don't need chairs anymore, we're revolutionizing! The workspace I'll see what I can do see we can get if we love it. We're like dude. We will have to we'll have to make an apology, video, absolutely if you're, if you're driving, you have to take it on and off every time you get in and out of your car just so that you can sit for five minutes when you're waiting for the bus, because you're too lazy to lean they're selling a team pack, a pair of five pairs, perfect, there's five, how much 1,600 Wow I can't do that. I can't do that. Now we got to save up I know you love color, options, red, they got blue and they got orange what else they got. That's it and for those reasons, I'm out all right. So that's! So what are the three parts of the Train? You got the mother. We have the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. We did the ghost. We did the spirit we did plate. I. Think that's the same thing. Yes, oh! So we did two of the same thing. So this one is the. Let's just say this one's the is it the father of the son. The chair dad's got to sit down a lot. That's the father! It's the daddy of cringe. Here we have this guy Terrence Howard he's like the star of empire. Incidentally, that was the show that Jesse small at was on, which was nice all right, there's a bunch of crackpots on there, but get a load of this guy. Terrence Howard shares his innermost thoughts. Here's the original war machine - in the marble right red car I think the second link is I think the link was originally timestamp yeah, that's my nightmare! If I pop a link in its KTLA talking, you made huge headlines when you said after you complete these 15 episodes. Empire you got to walk away for a while or forever I mean everyone keeps trying to tell me don't say it's forever, but I spent 37 years pretending to be people so that people can pretend to watch and enjoy what I'm doing when I've made some discoveries in my own personal life with the science that you know, Pythagoras was searching for I, wasn't able to open up the Flower of Life properly and find the real wave conjugations that we've been looking for for 10,000 years. Why would I continue? You know walking on water for tips when I've got an entire generation to teach a whole new world. That's a big remark. What do you intend? That's a big remark. Universe is expressed in motion. Let me put it in a way that you can understand all motion and the universe are expressed and opening the flower of life, like someone's virginity I, don't know like I want to see inside this guy's basement. That's it! Oh wait, there's more! What do you do at KTLA? Let me watch the damn clip on Tuesday when I received my stars. I'm going to be able to prove gravity is only an effect and waiting for the punchline Oh mysterious, yes, I'm gonna prove that gravity doesn't exist. Did you also get your star you, sir, but he's just, but all the big talk about yeah I've never got an Amy. So who cares you could do whatever you want when you stand in front that microphone? What are you gonna do yeah, ultimately he's just, but her even guy I mean so there you have a Terrence Howard. Actually, there's a lot of info here about Terrence he's invented a new math. He called it Terry ology here's a tweet from 2017, where he proves that 1 times 1 equals to heal your heart out. This is the proof of the world of science and mathematics that one times one equals two Wow there. You have it I'm not gonna, get into all this, but you want to go through all four pages, but it's really written like I mean dude remote. You tell Rita, except for you guys, remember the basic laws of common sense. I didn't know there was basic laws of Commons. Maybe remember them. As we all know, the basic laws of comment says if a times B equals C. That C must be some product of a and B that is correct. Yeah get in order for 1 times 1 to be 1. The value either A or B has to be missing from the final product of C. Let's not jump the gun just yet C. Let's try to add one to both sides of the equation. What I feel like this dude never took? Arithmetic and he's like just finger now he's like math is crazy. You guys I can't get in all this, oh my god, but you can't call them a B and C they're all the same they're. All a you talk about math. What I'm looking at is Terri ology, that's actually true, they're all the same number. So it's a times a times, a not a b c. That's a very good point. You look wow you just ela ology and his ass. We got. He goes back even further interview with Rolling Stones in 2015 revealed he spent years working on his own logic. What you recorded in a language of symbols called Terri, ology, I love that Wow I love, Terri ology, it's my favorite discipline. Our believes his discovery will change significantly the way that mathematics is taught for generations to come and if a theorist were around to see his discovery, he would quote lose his mind. Yeah I, don't know how much I want to read this. A lot of this rolling stone says: Howard's apartment is filled with objects that resemble building blocks but are more complex. There are hemispheres, cubes, tetrahedrons and flighty wings, the students on that deck. Some of the objects are as small as mice, others, as big as fire hydrants. Some are hanging. Some are freestanding. A few larger ones lit from the inside with LED twinkle stars. God bless teri, ology man I wish Pythagoras was here to see it he was around. Pythagoras would lose his. He would quote, lose his mind. I think I giris was like a cult leader, so arguably yeah I mean like he was obviously an important mathematician as well, but like yeah, there was like a whole like ancient Greek cult around him and stuff, and it's some weird [ __ ] well back off and we got a new Terry ology, which one highlight it Howard's everything. So is this Oh? What here he tweeted out crazy is as crazy does do the math okay. What math are we doing exactly? Why bet you feel like an idiot now, Ethan, look at that crazy is as crazy does do the math, [ __ ] I mean he's, got a pass. It's really nice-looking yeah, but you're not doing the math I. This is the proof that also I love, that his life mission is to prove that one times one equals two yeah like okay. So what so? What do we, you know, means that gravity is not real right. That's what that direct correlation, yeah, it's teri, ology and now we've got the granddaddy cringed God, yeah who's, actually a preacher. This is the fourth we we've gone beyond the Trinity, no cuz we did the Trinity, but then, but then we did, though this is like the unity. This is yeah. This is yeah, so you know I've always longed criticized these. These mega preachers, you know I'm, not I'm, not a critical of religion in general. I am an agnostic person, but these guys are total scammers. These guys are total frauds, and this is just so fantastic. The the the dichotomy of him speaking in tongues to his reception and meanwhile casually as possible browsing. What can I can only presume his Twitter on his phone I mean just enjoy this clip. I, pray, I, pray, I, pray, healing healing healing it. I pray, I, pray, I, pray, deliverance, deliverance, deliverance, deliverance, deliverance, mmm, yes, Lord. Yes, Lord, yes, Lord, yes, Lord, yes, Lord, yes, Lord, yes, Lord, yes, Lord I'ma come back up a catechist Winnicott! That's how I talk to Theodore. Doesn't it now he picked up his palm now he's on his phone, have your way and he's leaned into his phone, so he can read and he stopped even trying to do the thumb because he's he's focused on his sponsor. He just starts going, and so much is wiping the table. Town he's just looking at his phone he's obviously just focused on his phone, so he toned down the tongues like a lot, be focusing on God when you're doing cause it's almost like. If he was having a stroke, you can alright cool. This is my favorite. This is what I'm gonna do when I text you know. So we go so he goes. That's how I talk to theorise, I didn't know. I was talking, tongues I had I, get it good, oh good. He gets all lazy with that. All things are possible with God give me or you want to talk in tongues neck. Do you say biblioteca hit me with some holy [ __ ] Holy Ghost Holy Ghost? Oh, he goes Chile. Keep that Cup mmm speak to my mama everybody. Getting everybody. Do the oh Jesus, Lord, Jesus Lord, everybody open your mic and speak in tongues. Right so was that a curse speak you back to twirl, joel osteen, rikki-tikki, rikki-tikki, Shakalaka, oh oh, hold on Oh J just made a new tweet for the world hey to the world. It's me yours! Truly, oh yeah I can take a negative guy. Okay, everybody now that you've been touched by God, go ahead and pass around the chow negative negative negative. They don't call the chip a tip jar in charge. Do they go ahead and pass around the tip jar, hi I believe a [ __ ]. They have a name with it. So you got a fancy name for the tip jar, Oh shake. It will God our crack power cards. Paralyzed I could be a preacher. This is yeah. It's [ __ ] yeah. We watched that little bit, one with her [Music] and there's a dude wiping on whatsapp. She sees the mess with the priests, a weird sound there. You have it. You guys seen any of that show righteous gemstones. No! No. What is that huh? You find this amusing, it's uh, it's got, Danny McBride I think it's his show actually I think he wrote it John Goodman's in it they're uh, they're televangelists. Oh, that sounds great yeah. It's it's good. What would you give it at a ten uh I'm, only three episodes in so far I, probably give it like a seven or an eight okay, I, don't okay, I, like eastbound and down more because this is the same. Like creative team I, don't know if you guys ever watch yeah wash I watched a little bit yeah, but but again, I've only seen a little bit and John Goodman is so good in it Zak. Can you pull the sound bite of him going I already told them. We got Zach. That was pretty slick. How you hit down with that honestly appreciate. You got email, Wow, Hey, alright, so Kanye do we want to do Kanye watch in you want to come out here and talk about. Yes, we do kind of an Ian has been so quiet this week. Yeah dad I was like, and it's what closer you died. No, no Kanye's new album just didn't come out yet: okay, oh dude! You need to get you need, oh coming here and talk to us. I've got a piece so bad. Every picture that Kim Kardashian posts on Instagram. All the comments are just worse, the album morally amo. Where is Jake, they call it cuz it's Jesus is king. Oh, they Jesus is king - call James sit on the right hand, side bouncing that right check. Other chair, oh no, in the intern, has entered the studio I'm, noticing. First of all, that your hat there's a paper covering up your hat. Doing like that yeah I, don't want to represent what it normally says. What does it say? It's a kind of your head yeah. So why is the Hat covered because he betrayed me? How did he betray you? I was bamboozled. I was hoodwinked. He ruined my weekend and have you eaten like in Lois, you look at healthy bro. You look pale, come on, I, haven't shaved, I'm feeling out of it. So what? How did he? How did he betray you if you type in right now, yeah open a tab type in Kanye, West, calm, Oh, his official website, which he hasn't changed? He hasn't updated it okay, this is a tracklist. Jesus is king yep. Those are the songs, September 27! Yes, this album doesn't exist. Oh so do you? Okay, so you were waiting. You were super excited for the release and that went and gone and that really messed that really did disturb your your balance of your life. Frankly, my mental health is what you think you. What are you doing? A kanye album comes out like how, like tell me about the prop, like your your you know. How would you say ritual so last year, when one came out, it was I was here at the show. It ended, I drove to the ocean and put headphones on and watch the Sun go down as I listened to it. What album was that I was called yay. Were you gonna? Do that with this one, no I think I was gonna, go like probably at the top of the Hollywood sign and go watch the sunrise yeah, no one they've ruined it. Oh it's very mess that always like such a production. It's so it's a big deal. It's like a holiday yeah. It was like I was like great Friday's Christmas and then someone went. Christmas is canceled and you're you're part of the community. So so, how is the community response respond? Good, Oh, I've watched all these people go through the five stages of grief. Pretty heavily. Do you think that this is a normal and healthy relationship you have with Kanye, because it seems a little extreme to me not anymore, I feel like I'm downshifting after this yeah I think you should downshift yeah. You noticed. Yes, it's it's time and he clearly doesn't like I. Don't know, maybe he dies, but it feels like he doesn't really give that much of a [ __ ] about his fans. Do you feel, like you, can't wear Nike shoes? Now? Yes, you're worried you're, not no! No, not! You have Taylor. You have some kind of Taylor Swift March. You brought for us guys, a gift as protest. You've got one reputation. Are you I am now I'm I'm the proud owner of a reputation. So thank you very much to Ian yep. This is from 2013. This is vintage merch and that's. Some bad March have to say born I'm a born-again swifty I'm moving on yeah I feel like you could rock that by the way, how do you feel about Taylor, Swift, music I, don't mind her now in tell me it I'm fascinated, but perplexed still about this relationship. Yeah. What Kanye music I mean? How did you ever I mean what is going on here? Why? Why is this so meaningful to you? I mean really take down tea. What's going on, I feel like it's just a lot of stuff all combined just like how he kind of does what he wants. Does his own thing. He says a lot of motivational stuff. You really sucked me in like that, but I feel this weekend like what he was doing with that pastor he's checking his phone talk and then Jesus asking Jesus Jesus buy my merch. He sold, like probably hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of merch over the weekend. Take that new, album yeah people have how much it cost like sweaters like it'd, be a yeah like a crewneck for, like 175, buy, buy, buy no actually doesn't exist, but that come out well. What I heard was that September 27th that the album was like not even close to finished yeah I was here. We were doing the show yeah and then Ian was like so despondent and then it didn't come out and then Kim went she tweeted. Something said sorry guys just finishing some mixing. It's actually gonna come out to 29th. Why is Kim? No, she yeah he's off to quit his kind of Yoko Ono yelling it a little bit. Don't you at least she tried to communicate right, though he doesn't talk to us at all, and the heat Sunday came like Friday Saturday Sunday, that's like all I did was wait for this thing all day. Sunday do not make any plans, you can't leave the house, no I was locked in I was locked in and then he did. Listening parties played apparently something for people called eh. There's like low quality recordings. I haven't touched any of those, but apparently it sounds very unfinished. So would you rather him just release it or fit? He should have finished it. I should have finished it and then because he did this last year, that's the thing. So why do you come up with a date last August the exact day? This is why it's the worst last August he said, September 27th 2018 my albums coming out and then it just didn't and then Kim said. Oh sorry, guys. Actually Black Friday is when it comes out and then we never heard from him again. Black Friday came to the know. Oh my god and then August did. He still works for that one. He sold like stuff on his website. That said, album included and never got it whoa really what I feel like it could be. Yeah, that's definitely criminal. So and those fans are still fans. I, don't know where those people are. Maybe there's things you don't mind that it does. If calling you [ __ ] on your mom's, that's a little bit if Kanye's [ __ ] your mom's Cheerios, would you still be a fan, be [ __ ] on your doorstep, that was like [ __ ], you in my doorstep, yeah. Would you cherish that [ __, ], I'd, probably box it up? You cherish put it on eBay. You could get that on eBay yeah, you and so that you know but see. I am kind of annoyed. I'm like I'm, not like, oh but cuz I, do see those people to online that are like guys. You all need to relax. It's coming, I believe in him and all this weird stuff and I'm kind of like I'm, like no I'm like pissed off of this guy. Do you ever do you ever have a concerns that you may be too too involved in Kanye to wrapped up think your welfare is too wrapped up in what Kanye does probably yeah so well, that's why I was I was like so bummed out over the weekend is because I'm a very as you guys could probably attest I'm very, like even-keeled sort of low-energy most the time, there's not a lot of stuff done like super into mmm. So when the one of those very few things like says, like shits, on my corpse, essentially when yes and says I, don't give a [ __ ], it was kind of like wow, that's mm, but you know that's whatever I'm fine I'm totally not bad. Had you called him crying what that true did I what caused that cry? No, you know we had a conversation. What are you talking about? No he's lying here, guys well. I have to I, have to tell you guys. Okay, when we're on the air. I expect brutal honesty. Yes, we're here to entertain. You got to pour your soul out here for every to see so I think you calls that no Zack are you lying I mean I, wanted him to call me. Okay, so yeah, oh, my god, Bo's lay the soundbite of the hit him with a sack. You can't not and not muddy the rivers, but I would I would believe that you work. Did you ever cry? No over Kanye, no I was just annoyed. I was very annoyed. This weekend, okay, I didn't cry, I didn't cry I promise. Would you make love to come? Would you go gay for Kanye? So if he said you know, if that do this and I'll drop the album, you know I got some stuff to think about. So what kind of Mitchell act are we talking about like cool like? Are we talking about fellatio Ella? Please, and not in this scenario, Thank You, Congress and Kanye has cheated as cheated hasn't he oh yeah. Well, no, no! No he's got a thing for white, chicks and I mean you're, a white guy and you're a nice little twink. Probably, but let me just it, would you would it be fellatio, or would you be down to take it from him? You know when you're in the heat of the moment, it's really hard to say when things get caught up, you know it's things, would you all roll in and Wow Ian's, taking all the way, that's pretty serious, no I'm, but seriously, though I think I'm Stephanie do consider switching to someone else like not because I think I'm pulling out entirely with the whole. We were fantasized sexually about going us, no I'm, just I'm just curious. Would you let him pee on you I, don't like urine I, don't go the bathroom! Well, that's granted are Kelly's the hpn on everyone in prison. He's getting peed on in prison, he's totally getting paid on right now, all the prison, it's all coming down on well, II and III wish I had something more wise to say for you. Do you ever start to like speak in tongues when you're waiting for the album in how are you ever gonna enter a relationship with somebody like you have I feel like it's hard to explain. All this stuff, you're gonna, have to find a girl who has the same reverence for Kanye when that is remembered, The Bachelor we're in the process we're in the process yeah. Well, we narrowed it down, wait! Aren't we doing the finale next week, yeah I mean we are I, guess our schedule shuffle yeah, but I, don't think I. Just don't think those girls are on the same level. I think they're there they want to be, but what's what station I wouldn't want them to be that because it's not healthy, behavior I recognize that so yeah I know I'm mature I'm, a mature individual I. Just you know this is have you ever like drifted apart from friends because they're not into Kanye? No, no I'm, not one of those that gets in you know, arguments about him or anything, I, don't yeah! That would be a problem. If you know, if your relationships and we're being strained, yeah, yeah cuz, he said I understand he's like a controversial figure, not a lot of people like him and that's fine cuz. He does a lot of stupid, [, __, ] posters on your wall. No! You don't have any Kanye memorabilia um I mean like merch and things like that, not on the wall or anything no use tissue. Why? Well? He a framed photograph above my bed, the hat you're wearing, is from the listening party. Yeah dude he's throwing a screenplay about Kanye's life about a biopic yeah that does exist. Like he's all about Kanye West I saw some yeah, it's funny, cuz I'll, sometimes I'll, look I, probably shouldn't say this. Sometimes I'll. Look at the like the fan forum, the one I got kicked out of and they'll mention me sometimes and they'll, be like yo, [, __ ] this guy. He doesn't know anything about Kanye, that's [, __, ] I'm, like don't even try me. We did a Kanye off I would destroy and right that we have to do a pony off. We have to do a Kanye off. We did. We should actually have a huge Kanye step to him, though, if there's any massive Kanye fans and there's what about the Kanye podcast yeah, we can reach out to those guys. Those guys are great. Let's get someone to call in if you think that you are a super fan of Kanye right into the podcast - a trace reproduction comm, let's have a Kanye off and we'll just settle this well, but for also that would be great if we could get the people who banned in. What's the name of the forum you got banned from just tell me Katy cheese, what it's still so, let's reach out to them. Dan and let's just do a battle with one of the admins for and let's say, Dan. Let's say like this: if bein wins, he becomes an admin if he loses, he never goes on the website. Again. Hmm, okay, you think it'd be worse than that. If someone came on and humiliated me in front of everyone, I would go into the desert and you'd never seen our Ian will never listen to Kanye again, I think I hear Dan calling! No. Thank you thanks for the thanks, you for the Taylor Swift work and I'm glad to know that Kanye has free reign over your butthole. I got a piece so bad Wow I was illuminating, Thank, You, Ian. Moving on did you guys know that Belle Delphine has completely disappeared from the Internet. No after her Instagram page got banned, which was August 1st. Is that right somewhere around there? She is completely and totally disappeared. That was her last or last week, a tree on post, she's tweeted, she a few days since then, even on patreon she's completely disappeared and her patreon followers have dwindled to half Wow during this. During this whole big bath, gamer girl bathwater. What happened she had like? She was everywhere. She had all the support in the world and she's she's, just extra feeing away, because she's just disappeared and it's such a shame. I miss I miss having her content to look at like like that octopus one I mean that's good content, so when I guess I got her banned right, no was the no on Instagram. It was just a bunch of people reporting her all these insoles, oh, that was because it was like a dead animal. No that's on YouTube that [ __ ] still up on you too much I checked it yesterday. He's got five million views, so I went over to her store, which I've now learned. It's actually a fake somebody, her actual stores, not online, which is crazy. What's the name of her. Where is it? What's the name of a real website? Dan, oh shoot. I forget I, figured it out last night, but since it's a dead link, I didn't include Alfie mom well, anyway, her real stores offline, which makes me wonder if she got into legal trouble because shipping bathwater I don't think is legal, hmm, yeah, I, don't especially internationally yeah use bathwater or well on this website. She's selling, urine and I was that crazy, but it turns out that um, but then thousand dollars that it's not real and which is hilarious because I almost bought some dudes urine I was like ten thousand. That's a good deal. Look at this chew gum, gamer water. So this is just some dude scamming people. Yes, oh yeah, and it's the game. The SEO cuz uh. If you google, Belle Delphine store I mean this is the first result and it looks official and checked so yeah yeah, but her site's offline. So I mean, but but at any rate, um I was really excited by her pee. That's not her. Fans are upset because she hasn't posted any new content on her patreon in months. Dan's got an imager here. Dan actually bought a membership to her patreon so that we can get the inside scoop. There's a conversation we found I think he wants you to delete it, to have people unaware full of hope and to keep them subscribed. What is this referring to six days and haven't heard from her yeah? This is old. Yeah well I mean not that'll a few days ago. Oh yes, yeah, but again there people are, it seems very contentious. People are saying: oh, she messaged me and she's making a comeback soon, but then other people are like prove it and they don't prove it, and so it just it all seems like it's. Just a bunch of people trying to scam each other. Well, what's what's interesting in me is that she had like over 4,000 patreon. So now she has 2,000. What's interesting, really there's still 2,000 people paying in the hopes that she comes back yeah but I'm surprised how ballistic it went and then all gone. She disappeared if I'm paying for Part II I'm, not getting there I'm, not man. You know what I'm saying I got a knock. I gotta get my nut, dude [ __ ] yeah! No, and why did she disappear? Her last post on social media? Was this post on Twitter? She claims everything. So graphic I can't show ya, but she said it's a picture of her in a bikini. Actually this is this is actually safe to show. But her banner is not so no matter what I can't show to you, but it's her and a bikini and a pool. It says me on holiday. Before I got food poisoning had to get an ambulance to a Greek hospital, then fly back home early, and that was the last. We heard from her Wow no posts, silence Oh for over two months, total silence, Instagram banned, gone from patreon, snapchat everywhere, and I'm and I'm really wondering what happened, because Dan had a theory that maybe she realized that she needs to move on and I was like no way dude. She hit the jackpot. She was always on the news. Yes, she was doing the gamer girl water. She was all in dude, there's no way she doubles her payment you're right on something League will happen. I think it might have been a legal thing cuz. Why would she just disappear? No comment anywhere. She became so big. It was Thor as Aaron was talking to everywhere the late-night guys. How were certain it was the buzz everywhere. So all the sudden, the UK government's like you're selling, what in the mail like the Royal Mail, you can't send mmm you Spath water, b or urine, or whatever the LSU sending chewed gum. I, don't know spit in our case spit exactly I mean I, didn't report or anything I mean she didn't sell it to me. Today, yeah we didn't buy anything I, don't know, but oh I hate to think that I had anything to do with that tan. Don't bring that up. Sorry well, at any rate, that's my own! That's my only gas is that is that there's some kind of legal issue like I said in the patreon, there's buzz and she's she's. Well won't come back, so I guess watching closely and I will I'll reach out to her and ask her say: hey Dad, Belle I was just wondering if you're, okay and also I am interested in purchasing the urine. I understand that's a fake, but if you'd be willing to sell me, your urine I ate ten thousand dollars worth well. What do you think should I buy Belle's urine or the tank mobility scooters the tank exactly drink? The urine? No man yellow, it's pun, intended I would love to ride that tank mobility yeah. But when you love to [, __ ] get a mouthful of bells here. No, no, all right! Here's the solution, hey boy, both Zac's got it drink the urine, well the tank and it spills all over him. Anyway. A lot of controversy, Belle Delphine, we wish you well, we hope you're. Well, we miss you and we can't wait for your triumphant return. Hopefully, I mean it's just a bleak or world without her bro did you say that uh at her peak she had 4,000 I, think more yeah, more people yeah, because what I learned when I signed up for it, because you can I couldn't get to the comments. It was all locked unless you're, a subscriber or whatever, so the lowest here is a dollar. But what I did that unlocked the comments, but that doesn't actually give you anything to get her content is 25 bucks, yeah for the premium, snapchat 4,000, subs or whatever yeah, and it's twenty-five hundred thousand a month. That's what I'm saying there's no way yeah exactly that's! Why we're surprised there's no way she just walks away from that yeah. You know, I mean unless she made her bag and she's just done. You know no, no, no way she's making she's just taking Polaroids snap. She works like 10 minutes a day she making $100,000 a most. You know what come on. This is she's built. She's worked all this time, she's trolled the whole internet. It's culminated and her finally arriving yeah she's, not she made it she's nominated for a pornhub award. God bless her I'm voting for her I'll, be there to accept on her behalf, know how long we've been going down about two hours, so we've got the fishy bomb down. What do we got here? I'm checking right now, I am sick. So how are ya? I've got a little bit of a. We got fousey boxing because he got his ass beat. It was like just brutal. His face is just a mess we got new dirt said he did this whole video about demonetized demonetized words. He did this whole study. That was really interesting and we've got the dog abuser apology. We did that the Joker movie everyone's freaking out about oh yeah inside right yeah, and what do you think about Joker I thought it was all right. It wasn't good enough. -, hmm, all the hysteria, but everyone's saying, oh, but it's really good. It just wasn't that good to me, dude! That's what I think I think. It's just probably a movie, but the hysteria around it is insane. I can't believe what I was reading. Well, apparently, it's a beautiful months ago at the Venice Film Festival and it won an award. There received an eight-minute standing ovation and just win an award Wynette. They won the award, the won the top prize right. So this this is interesting. The the movie is being slammed by most critics yet yet the user reviews are very good, so you have a disconnect between the critics and the users which you see. Sometimes it hasn't necessarily been getting slammed. A lot of critics have reviewed it favorably. They just always temper it with, but it's dangerous. You know, wait a little dangerous movie. That's not true. I wasn't brought in Spanish. Yesterday it's got 69%, so I mean it's not great. It's not it's, not horrible. It's a true yeah I mean with the way Rotten Tomatoes works like that means it's generally positive, but the audience score is 93%. So really there's a big difference in the Joker Metacritic I tend to like movies that have that disparaging difference. I am definitely curious about the movie. It's kind of a 57 on Metacritic, so that is quite bad and the user scores nine point one so yeah, there's a huge difference. Well, I think a lot of people are rating and negatively not necessarily on the merits of a film but and these people legitimately think this is like a dangerous film, and so you know they're they're, giving it a thumbs down just on that basis. Well, so here's some of the hysteria around it they go much of the pre-release discussion about joke are centered on fears of mass shooting at screenings with the US military advising service members to be alert and local police departments posting officers outside theaters on opening weekend and families of the 2012 movie theater shooting in an Aurora where the guy, like Joe, dressed up his Joker [ __, ], dude yeah. You know he wasn't actually dressed up as lead. Well, he dyed his hair. Yeah I wasn't doing a Batman screening and he looked through. It was nuts yeah anyway, the US military issues, warnings about Joker screenings. The warning went out to service members and distributed of a bulletin from the FBI on the risk of possible violence alluded to in social media posts from insell extremists, and the Intel uprising is here who have made threats to recreate the theater shootings in Aurora. Throw these in cells. Oh yeah, I'm, not one against eugenics, but I, think I. Think we need to cast rise me think we really need to cast. We got it. We got to do it. These black pill in cells just need to have their balls chopped off. Well, they're, not using them. Yeah yeah he's like take my balls. I, never use them anyway, these black filled-in cells. How is this a thing? It's like a cult, miss Insull movements, [ __, ], weird dude God. You know these Jesus. You know these in cells, worship, this guy, Elliott Rodriguez, who famously shot up UC Santa Barbara, and he released a video in his car talking about how I don't get when it's unfair, it's unjust, so insane and he went and shot up a bunch of frat girls and guys and they they idolized him dude God. Just that's like vert, that's so crazy that being a vert being such a pathetic virgin can make you want to shoot up a frat party. You know it's funny about Elliott Rodriguez. He wasn't even that bad. Looking it's like you're, just a creep bro uh, its Elliott Roger, whatever [ __ ] him Rodriguez is a journalist. So that's not! Oh. You know I'm talking about, but I find that this these in cells are not bad. Looking guys generally, they just have such a distort. We can you hear them talk about what they think they're entitled to it's like if they just weren't so deep in the Intel, you just acted. Normally you people, people would want to touch your penis mm-hmm. It's not that complicated dude anyway, they loved uh, so the N cells have been threatening violence at the choker film, which I don't know. Why? Because the Joker is supposed to be someone, they sympathize that you know the Joker apparently is like an insult in the movie. Is that right, all right, yeah he's a bit of an in cell and in the narrative of the film and almost let's say, romanticizes his descent to madness and violence, and so that's why they think that it's that it's dangerous but I thought wasn't any different than any other show about an antihero. You know what I mean then like Breaking Bad, even it's like you, don't idolize, Walter, White or at least shouldn't it's like. We there's lots of things about bad people that are like the main care. I'm Ian. The Joker is the antithesis of a villain. He is the antithesis of a villain in the Batman series. He's a psycho he's a psycho murderer, antithesis of a hero you mean but yeah. Yes, thank you! That's what I mean! Thank you. Dad hit me with that. Actually, if you would please there yeah honestly, there are no specifics or credible threats at this time and these events will be continued to be closely monitored. Said the NYPD, okay, that the family of the Aurora shooting victims actually sent a letter to Warner, Bros CEO, saying I need to see a picture of I. Just need to see a job I don't need to see a picture of him. I just need to see a picture. What are they saying? What are you saying I'm? What I'm reading doesn't make sense? I, don't need to see a picture of Holmes I just need to see a joke or promo and I see a picture of the killer. That sentence doesn't make any sense. There must be the type over something in an interview. Sandy Phillips says that Joker, which centred on the isolated and mentally ill antihero, who became Batman's eventual arch nemesis, is like a slap in the face. She has that she's concerned about audience connecting to and even emulating the film's protagonist in a cultural climate where mass shootings have become commonplace. My amore is that one person who may be out there and who knows if it's just one who's on edge and who was wanting to be a mass shooter, maybe encouraged by this movie, and that terrifies me I mean they haven't even seen the movie, because this was like from like how do you know that I mean you could say the same thing about like I, don't know I just I, don't know it seems like a lot of hubbub about nothing. The director, Todd, Phillips and Joaquin Phoenix have both been repeatedly. Questions regarding their perception of the film Phillips has pushed back against. The notion of the movie could be blamed for any realized violence. He says we're making a movie about a fictional character in a fictional world. Ultimately, and your hope is that pee we'll take it for what it is. You can't play movies for a world that is so [ __ ] up that anything can trigger it. Aurora is obviously a horrible horrible situation, but even that is not something you blame on. The movie. I saw John, wick 3, he's a white male and he kills 300 people and everyone's laughing and hooting hollering. Why does that movie get held to a different standard? It's very weird! It's it's very weird I mean it's like a very politically motivated, strange thing: Phoenix walked out of an interview when asked whether Joker might inspire a copycat. Behavior I feel bad for Joaquin Phoenix he's like he gave it his all in this in this, and now it's like what didn't well he's like dude, what did I do? He was asked if he was worried that the film might persuasively end up inspiring exactly the kind of people it's about with potentially tragic results. The question caused Phoenix to mutter. Why would you no? No? The interview before walking out only to return an hour later, Phoenix said that the question had it crosses my before and then asked what an intellectual intelligent answer would have sounded like and another the actor said: I, don't think it's the responsibility of filmmaker to teach the audience morality or the difference between right and wrong. These comments provoked a new wave of backlash with some people. Dunking on him, oh no! No! That's! That was from another part that got cut. Well, then, just forget about what I just said. So there you have it I, really don't see. What's all the hubbub, it's just like tax their taxi drivers. A perfect another example of an aunt violent psycho can't take authority on the wig, like they said, John wick. What tax cut taxes like trying to be taxi driver, so it really isn't taxi driver was about an N cell. He was obsessed, weird and sell psycho, it's exactly the same, but we celebrate that movie as one of the best ever made. The problem is not the movie. The problem is this reality right now, with all the shooting right, I mean the movies, but I just love that the US military is issuing warnings. It's like what I mean unless they know something. No, they said they have no credible threats, but I guess there's just a bunch of in sales on forums, probably saying some dumb [ __ ], and then everyone's got a trip out. What is wrong with these psychos I, don't know how is there a whole group of these sick, pathetic man? They should just [ __ ] each other just do that if you're, if you're such a great catch, why don't you just [ __ ] each other? You know what I mean the in cells would look at each other like I would never [ __ ] you you're a disgusting dirtbag yeah, exactly I'd love to see it and self-loathing anyways. You know what I mean like it's. It's almost like the involuntary part is wrong because it's like it isn't involuntary. It's totally voluntary. Like you said it's like you, just stop. If you just pull yourself out of this cycle, yeah self-hate, you know yeah, like you, said the Santa Barbara guy pulled up pictures of him like he's, not gonna, stud or anything, but he's not a bad person yeah, it would have been had no problem landing a girl, so I mean he was fit. No. It's like you almost feel bad for them, but they are just like so awful that you can't I just come at me. Anything girls get away harder with, looks because guys look at actually the looks. Well, that's a lot of girls, one of the ironies of these insults and that they're obsessed with beautiful girls right right because for girls, don't look at anyone pretty much. It's not all about. Looks look at my relationship with you. Thank you yeah! That's that, if you guys guys are always dating out of their league, that's ID! Girls! Are you very forgiving. I do think so, and I think that, if anything, guys are the ones who are more obsessed with, looks well, that's I mean the insults say it they go. Why are all these beautiful women? Why are they not dating me? It's like I, don't want to [ __ ] a fat chick I'd rather kill everybody at my school than [ __ ] fat chick. You know what I'm saying? Yes, no I, don't know if this fousey boxing segment is too violent to show. He literally I reminded me of The Simpsons when Homer was a boxer got punched in the face like it wasn't just awful like you never raise his hands and it was just a total [ __ ] show they were bad, but at least at least this other guy nice to could land a punch. I mean Fosse was punching like this. You know he was swinging from the side like he wasn't throwing up, sir, and he never raised his hands. The announcers were getting worried. They're like here I could play the audio. Maybe I'll just play the audio, but you get you get I love how they get so concerned. I budget event punched in the face every second every second, you guys he just got punched in the face 20 times I mean I'm impressed by the way he's able to stand up training for a while, but I was just surprised. What's with youtubers and fighting it, they keep getting more and more worried for fousey, because his face is just minced meat, so he broke his nose. Instagram, let me see um he here. Let me see. Here's on Instagram that aftermath I mean I've, never seen mater attempt at boxing I swear to god. He got I mean if anything I'm impressed by how he can take a punch, but Homer Simpson comparison well, I did notify yourself. Let me find that. Let me find that clip cuz, it's so good! Oh, that's! An instant I, don't know about claim yeah, but you guys remember that episode where he fought Mike Tyson. He was like this. He was so he could take a punch. They would just punch him in the head like a thousand times until they were exhausted and the home were just pushing him over. So that's what first he was doing, except the guy didn't hair out. That's crazy. The announcer was like he's, got to put his hands up. Oh this isn't good. They got a call, they got a call. It foo see, put your hands on the bangers a lot earlier. Honestly, it's kind of irresponsible reffing to let that keep going. Hey it's for charity yeah. So here's a video he did with a nose doctor I mean this. This was pretty good, hey, I'm, dr. Jay, Calvert and I'm here to tell you what's going on with Yusuf, he has a the kid is pretty severe, so instructing his breathing and we're gonna do a very simple procedure to try to restore where his nose was before the trauma- oh my god, and then in the future. We'll probably have to do a full-on nasal reconstruction because he can't make my nose smaller about today do the same. Well, probably it won't be exactly the same, but we're gonna try to get you back. So at least you can breathe. Ah thanks slim, that's the guy Wow. He probably broke his nose and like one of the first rounds, and then he just he got punched in the face. Like I'm not kidding like 300 times he was just I mean it was unbelievable. It was hard to watch man. He sounds like the Elephant. Man looks like him little bit they raised well. The good news is that they raised for charity Yemen. We care they raised, 115 thousand pounds. So that's nice. It's nice there's a fundraiser for the war in Yemen. Yes, alright, so I mean cause, I mean yeah, I got I, mean hey mm-hmm, god bless right, yeah I, don't know, I, don't know if they got paid, but I know that they raised a bunch of money. So nice good for you, [ __, ], yeah good for you damn you guys should watch it it's on YouTube. It was a free event. I, just I, don't want to show it because it's like so brutal, so violent yeah, my guns, dinged, and it's hard to watch man. It's like 13 minutes of just fousey getting punched in the face. It's crazy! The nerd city made a video nerd city. Did this whole thing nice Channel, but you guys should check out nerd city. If you don't so he's talking about a research that this guy CeeLo did and he plugged in a bunch of words, he published a report. They did it jointly. So they published a report conducted over the course of two months where they tested YouTube's algorithm for keywords to see what would trigger ad monetization. There was a third guy too, by the way we shouldn't leave out icy, nerd City YouTube analyzed. Oh yes, he'll, oh good. Their methodology was to upload two second clips that had no D monetizable audio or video with different keywords. If a video was yellowed, they would try the same keyword again this time, replacing the bad word with either happy or friend. For example, a video might be kids explained gay marriage that gets turned yellow, but then they replace the word gay with happy, and then the video was approved on the second time. So a lot of this stuff they found out seems to contradict their recent statements on the subject of lgbtq+ stuff getting yellowed and the video CeeLo says in the case of lgbtq+ content. Bots can interpret certain terms negatively if they are regulating a high number of homophobic or hateful content. I think I think nerd City raised a good point because, basically, when the bot flacks something yellow, it gets thrown to a human reviewer, and then they either overturned the boss decision or hold the boss decision, and they used those human reviews to educate the bot. Now he may raise a really good point. He says human bias is going to prejudice the bots views and he says the people who are working on doing these manual flagging for YouTube there's 10,000 people they recently hired and the company that they work with has people cheap, laborers all throughout the world, mostly in places like you know, India and other more conservative-leaning cultures where, for example, a gay gay culture is not yet accepted, I mean or or is just outright outright sin Minister and so he's thesis was good that he says if you're giving these decisions over to the people like this, their bias is gonna leak in mm, because these are not American people. These are. These are low-wage global workforce and I. Think that's a really interesting point that I hadn't thought about that YouTube chief product officer stated I can tell you categorically that there is no list of words or key words or terms or anything like that is going into our classifiers, making an appropriate decision on whether our videos are monetized or not. There's nothing in terms of how we monetize algorithms there's nothing in terms of how our monetization algorithm works. That should be based on any kind of pre described or predetermined list in his videos, see those states. Given our testing results, it's made clear that these comments are not accurate, I think they're they're, definitely lying by omission because they're, like yeah, we didn't tell the bot to D monetize the work. Okay, I just learned, yeah that it should yeah. What's the difference, I don't know if there's a difference but Susan in an interview with Alfie yeah, a lot of people talked about that interview where she was directly asked. If videos with certain words would get auto flagged, and you know we, we actually goofed on a group of LGBTQ youtubers, filed a class action lawsuit against YouTube right, alleging that there was a discriminatory do monetization of their of their content, and this video actually fuels a lot of their gives them a lot of credibility. This research seems to strengthen their case significantly. I have some examples of words that are yellowed that they found in their research. Isis is the only word that stands alone. Rovers are in a yellow murder is green, murderer is yellow. No, the just be clear. The Isis one is like an auto block. Oh you just go bye-bye yeah that that one is like and that's like they don't like other stuff, D monetization, but if Isis is in there, it's like just blah. That's that's! Probably fair yeah yeah Oh Isis used to post a bunch of videos on you, yeah. Obviously, [ __ ] anything having to do with that yeah. Let's keep them off you too yeah. Do you think that the ISIS guys uploading we're like fans of like keemstar they're, like they watch a little team? Getting on the news upload a couple of just recruiting videos, you know I mean Isis, definitely watches keemstar keep stars. The preferred channel of ice romance is yellow. Scottish is yellow, but Scott Linn and Scott are both green there's. A funny allegation. Rumors are yellow, but alleged is green. Pea is yellow. Yes, it is, as is anything related to urine, but the word urine itself is green. Undress is green. Undressing is yellow anything with ass. In it well, these ones are hobbies, example ones that are greed. These are green, a slick, ass, licker, ass, [, __, ], ass monkey, ass munch and [ __ ] are all fine. That's why, though yeah like most a stuff is yellow, but all this that you just said. Oh. This was interesting that all the conservative youtubers have been kind of thinking that they're being censored, there's been a whole thing about it, and apparently all those political words are Green which surprised me hmm, like do you have any specific examples, Dan that you recalled well, it was more. It was more so the lack of examples I went through the entire list of yellow words and a you know: conservative Republican Trump like just anything having to do with like right-wing politics, basically, which is all green, so that kind of counters their you know, persecution, conflicts. They got going on now. Here's the ones that that was the big scandal, the LGBT terms that get yelled automatically as gay lesbians, trans, homosexual, LGBT LGBTQIA, and so it was pretty interesting little research here, yeah there's a whole spreadsheet, but with a list of thousands of words that they've tested, it says it's. What do you think about? It seems like there's an issue with this I. Don't know I mean it's like what did you guys say that Jews get yellow but Jewish it doesn't. Jew gets yellow Jews use it. There's a weird thing: I noticed a pattern that, with a lot of terms, the plural version of whatever it is, is yellow, whereas the singular is not so like it was the same thing for must Muslim fine, Muslims, yellow, Jew, fine. It must be the way that hateful content right. It's just the context in which it's used to be more like hateful video would say. Like you know, Muslims are horrible right. What I'm? What I'm seeing is that this bot is not intelligent, stupid. It's simplistic, there's no intelligence at all, I don't know, but I guess it's probably doing a lot of good for them. Right I mean it must be yeah, so can't rely that it's too poor using yeah yeah I mean there's just a lot of billion. [ __ ] videos to look at, and so they need to automate it in some way yeah. But these bots they don't have any nuances, yeah everything together, but when they talk about machine learning and algorithms, you expect more intelligence than just this works. Bad, yellow, alright, but I like I, made some some videos when we were living in Israel and any time I write, Israel or two or something like that. It's yellow, Israel was yellow, I, mean God, yellow, okay, so, and so so is Palestine. It's dying in Palestinian, yeah, so I think again it's because oh the conflicts there's a lot of negative videos associated with those terms and it just gets lumped in. But let you said it's like. Okay, the whole country is way too obtuse, yeah, but I. What I'm assuming happens is the bot goes, the frequency of times people use the word Israel. His contact person is more controversial than it is not yeah yeah, which is probably true, which is the same with the work Jews versus. Thank you right, yeah I, don't know what to say, though, it seems very ham-handed that what they're doing here, yeah and that extended beyond, like the religious stuff to vape still vaping, know that the vape name go way down a cut way down hey and by the way, can I. Just a quick aside. There were a lot of people super triggered by what we were talking about with the vaping thing. They were why, because we weren't clear enough, because at the time there was still a lot of ambiguity going on and a lot of misreporting going on in the news, the nobody. Apparently nobody has died from the nicotine babes. It's all THC THC black-market cartridges, that's what's [ __ ] people up and I guess to some people. We were not clear about that enough and I guess Ian told me he saw and read it on like the vaping subreddits. They were talking about me specifically bro I used to be the nation and now I'm the baby. So did you get skewered in the comment? Stand yeah I mean people I'd have to go back and watch it. I thought I was indicating that it seemed like it was the THC stuff. But again it was all still like breaking news at the yeah and we've learned a lot more just in the past week. Even so, I want to some of the I want some of the outrageous comments from that yeah. So are you banned from the vape community? I? Guess I'm person non grata in the vapor community? You got to give up faith and go on a vaporous. Is that I'm I'm happy to to cut down and quit anyways it I I was just taking it as like along. This is a good excuse, don't be shocked at taking a huge [, __ ] rip of of like the amount of vapor you inhale is insane. There's don't be surprised, it's not good for you, yeah I mean smoking. Is one thing. Of course it's awful like definitely worse than bassist, say I mean marijuana. Smokers have the same fallacy. They refused to believe that smoking is bad. I'm, like you, are inhaling smoke into your lungs. It's bad yeah! Well, I, don't weed smoker and I switched to the to the vape cartridges. For that reason, I'm sure it's better than now inhaling smoke, but I, don't know I mean nobody. I mean you, don't you're, not gonna drop dead from hitting a joint right. Exactly no I've gone back to the normal stuff. Now I can't believe people are dropping dead. Their clones are collapsing. It's insane, it's crazy and we had a fan, email us about it. I guess I think we actually talked about it, vitamin E or something there they're putting my yeah, that's the other dilute that was. The other thing is that I didn't mention the vitamin E which actually did know about, but I I had just that day read about the cyanide thing and so I brought that up and people excused you for that. You know sorry or not, we're not a hundred percent accurate on our hard-hitting reporting on the vape stuff, hmm getting a little taste a little dose of what I deal with is falling apart. Are you gonna issue, an apology, [ __ ]? No struggle are you sure cuz I mean come on. Are you gonna live like this? You know welcome or welcome what they're doing is they're cutting the vape juice or that yeah the vape juice with vitamin E. Okay, to make this you know, cut costs yeah and the vitamin E actually like is toxic and it makes your lungs collapse right. So these idiots are saving a couple. Bucks and they're people are just the guy who emailed us- and this is just some random guy who emailed us, but this was the guy. That's that claims that his lung collapsed a couple months ago, wow that sucks yeah and he and he says that they could turn one THC cartridges into three. So by doing this, I mean there the profits, essentially so my money, exactly it's [ __ ] up but yeah I mean it's a profit motive. Well, that's where they cut and it's like: dude yeah I'm gonna cut cocaine with fentanyl, but that doesn't that doesn't make sense to me because I don't see that make saving them money, I! Guess they get higher and they think it's good. You put a little fentanyl in it. Retinol fentanyl well, fentanyl is cheaper, also I, don't think they cut cocaine or they were cutting like xanax with it. Like that's a yeah opioids cuz fentanyl is like nobody's antics, not an opioid. Okay, well, I'm, not sure, that's a little Sam died. He oh you're right Sam died that way because he was taking the beep died that way because he had xanax that was cut with fentanyl I'm like. Why would they put fentanyl in xanax? It doesn't make sense, yeah well, I, think they're just trying to get you high, so you still enjoy it. But then he takes a bunch of Xan expecting to fall asleep and he doesn't wake up cuz. He took of shitload of fentanyl, which is like the strongest opioid ever made yeah anyway, but hey don't do drugs. Kids yeah I mean in short, because people are crazy, who knew the drug dealers were immoral people. That's why I think all drugs should be legal. Exactly I was about to say this I think the government should sell drugs if you're and safe they should have [ __ ] drug abuse is a drug abuse. Is age? Is it's a treatable disease I mean as long as alcohol is legal yeah? What's the difference, you can abuse alcohol just crazy as anything yeah same with weed. If I'm being honest, wheat is insane. If you smoke too much weed boy, I can't that'll [ __ ] your month up seriously, I I, don't totally disagree with what you're saying, but I would I think that alcohol is way worse than we first thought. Yeah alcohol is not well to me. Not to me weird is worse. Oh yeah they're, both very strong, real drugs I mean I've, been so [ __ ] up on WiiWare I'm like this is insane yeah I've never been this high on anything I'm in outer space. In that way, alcohol I just pass out. Well, okay, you pass out you don't wake up. I was afraid you died. The last time you get drunk you look in New, York I carried it up three flights of stairs the last time we got drunk hammered, drunk yeah Jesus anyway. I think we covered everything. Guess so. I have a couple of gaffes here, we're over the two-hour mark here. Let me just wrap it up since we're going the distance here. I've got advice for salt Bay I've got a new Turkish cooking segments, so I'll bait this guy's such a clown. First of all, it has to slice meat down the middle like that dude. You know what I'm saying like what are you doing? Well, shall we just and then I, don't think you're supposed to fling pieces of raw meat out over your kitchen haphazardly like that, like just like dude? What are you doing? Something I hit the roof wrong eat. Bro. You got to keep your kitchen clean, look at it, throwing raw meat around a five-year-old. He didn't season it. He didn't do anything. He literally put it in the oven. What am I supposed I'd love to see Gordon Ramsay analyze, what's going on here, dude? What did you do? You didn't do anything you didn't do anything, he literally didn't. Do it that's my cookie. He didn't seize it. He didn't do anything like dude watch how he throws at me. Listen, it hits the roof. Bro! Listen this one! It's stuck on the roof that cut there. Yeah, okay, I'm sure that tastes, great, there's, no oil or seasoning, or anything on it. Wow I can't wait to eat that he slammed the oven door. Okay, dude! Where are you getting season that looks raw by the way they look I? Don't like that's so stupid, it's so done, and then here's a guy who does know how to cook Oh. Actually, no look what tell me what sorry I thought it was. Our Turkish smiling boy, but it's actually a different Turkish one. This looks to me like raw chicken and it looks so hard and putrid. Can anybody tell me what we're dealing with here? Look at this. It looks like raw chicken mush dude. What is it well shall we know if that's me, but what is it I like how he cuts into it? It looks like raw chicken. It does kind of look like raw chicken, but that's it there's nothing in the comments. Well, it's all Turkish I just see one guy said. Damn all the food on stage looks hella good. Well, we got Turkish fans, they always reach out when we talk about these chefs. So if you know what this dish is good I like how it says, I cut into it, it's just mush. It looks like a raw chicken yeah. No, that's a weird one: I love, Turkish cuisine. We're gonna have to go to Turkey food tequila mm-hmm. Can we go to Turkey as you as Israelis yeah? It depends on the times. Sometimes I don't want to go to a place where it depends on the time when maybe it's the time and then all the sudden while you're there is not the time I only go to places where it's at the time, all the time. That's our life Ethan, you gotta, take some risk. No I'm not going I'm not going to anywhere now I've been to Turkey yeah, but that was before it was not the time yeah that was before air go down or whatever I don't know. What's the time right now, it's a bad time. It's not a good time and check the memos. It's not a good time for Israelis an Israeli, so we're American I. Just looked it up yeah! Well, actually you would have oh it says. Well, yeah but I mean come on, I mean I. Don't need to bring my Israeli recording for this. It says no visas are required for Israelis to visit Turkey yeah. It looks like it's. Alright I mean kidnapped if something, if there's a if it's a bad climate I don't want a kidnapped illa, it's not worth the [ __ ] kebabs, but we're not going to speak Hebrew. You don't dog, Kiba. Obviously, I! Don't talk to you anywhere, really I! Think the question is: can Jews go to Turkey yeah? Well, Israelis. Can everyone there I'm very modern country, you're Turkish I! Don't have Turkey well, half Libyan! It's in the shame. You can't even go to your home country without being afraid of being kidnapped. No I can it's not that we can go to Turkey. Yeah I've been there and well. You can cry no, but you what they're like like 15 years ago yeah, but that was before the time that was bad times. I, don't think so I just that would be a great food vlog, just eating all the crazy food in Turkey, going to the smile guy's place, salt-based from Turkey, it's all happening in Turkey, it's a culinary Renaissance raw chicken scoops I'll. Do it all? Oh yeah? Okay! Well, that's the show, hope you had fun hope you have a great weekend, I'm sick, so I'm gonna go lay down! Take it easy Tuesday we're having Bobby and kalila back yeah. They were sick, they had to council. We were sick, so we cancelled first coming out Tuesday, I'm, happy to say and I'm working on some bookings. I'm very excited about two, for example: Trisha. Well, we got Trisha Paytas on the books write down who that is true. We fire her they'll, be a and I'm also working on getting Dog. The Bounty Hunter's - Aloha yeah that'll be cool that dog in here yeah I would like to get some hair tips. I know. Thank you. You should might go to your hair dogs. No, we should hire an extra to like come in here like a criminal and have him like apprehend him citizen's arrest, who else I'm sure I get angry yang back to after the next debate, mmm in November. You guys have suggestions, though. Let me know because I feel like we can. We have a good rapport. We can get a lot of people I just don't know who to to reach out to sometimes yeah. For example, two of my favorite guests we've had is Jordan Peterson Andrew, getting those both suggested to me by my brother, but my brother on your brother, yeah and I just tweeted at them, and they were both down, which was so cool. So, let's keep it going. Who would you like to see on the podcast podcast a h3 brush is a comet of snow. You got the music going, no well I've been holding off, I, always start it, and then you go off on a tangent and then we run out of just play. The damn you live. [Music] I just saw this morning that I just I just saw this morning. That Roseann was just on joe rogan again, so we may have some new sound bites for you soon. Okay, that's okay! I, don't know how well ever caught the ear, but was it a good play? It is alright everybody thanks for watching. We will see you next Tuesday with the Bobbili. Take care have a great weekend. Everyone.