To welcome everybody to the only show in town, many people have said the greatest podcast. That's ever been made the greatest show, maybe possibly ever that's been made the h3 podcast. Nowhere else can you find this report of the beautiful lovely he'll climb, my co-host, some say the hole. Some say, I'm saying her I'm her go coast, you also have backstage ghost host ghost. We've also got backstage the one and only Ian the intern. The immortal intern he's got he all the girls want him he's a bachelor. What was that that was too fast Ian the [ __ ] me: we got Ian uh, okay, didn't we figure it out, so you could switch and turn it on and off your Mikey. And so these are. You have no excuses that is correct. Okay, so Zack I'm done with you Zack my sweet, sweet, Zack, ah, sweet young Zack, our sound loud, a wee lad green, but gold as they say, and, of course, the grizzled old crusty excited. But I was just saying that he's the experienced he's whoa he's experienced he's been around the block, he's not seen it and done it. All. We've got Dan honestly now. Today's episode is sponsored by me, undies and audible me undies and audible, beautiful. We love our sponsors, we cherish them, we hold them to be dear and I would never speak across with any of them. I will never speak any ill. Will any of our sponsors for any reason, I'm glad that you clarified that why would I bow or wondering I love our sponsors, every single one of them I'm so exhausted, I'm delirious, you may know this is a weird opening. We went to Disney yesterday, which was a lot of fun. We brought the whole gang with us. We brought Danny and Zach and then all of our Teddy fresh team, there's ten of us in total- and you know I think we're just all so over it cuz. It's not you want. We did for nine hours, we walked I. Think we did twenty thousand steps. My phone said yes, but I, don't know why. Then there was like fires in LA when we got home, we had like a babysitter who was with Theodore and she had to leave abruptly because she thought her family was burning alive at 1:30 and I'm like so tired, I just got a shower about to go to bed he's gone. Excuse me. Excuse me, mr. mr. Klein, my family, nobody answer and my whole family and I drive home okay, she's rocking back and forth. I was like stuck with the baby. 1:30 a.m. I've got work today, oh yeah yeah anyway, and that Zach got evacuated, pours poor, sweet Zach I mean how was Jack. Tell me about that. It was gnarly expand. We know well, I was like dead-ass tired from Disneyland. Like all of us, and my brother comes with my room around 1:30 and he's act. We gotta get the hell out of here, oh man, so it was look like a war zone by my house, and you could see the fire from your house totally a hundred percent war zone sirens. How far was the fire from your house at the time? I would say: wait what dad? What did you just say, Zach we're talking about the fire? It's very scary. Your house is close to the fire. It was about a two miles away at the time two miles away. It was yeah, it was. Oh, you went to bed the fire wasn't close. You woke up yeah hell yeah beyond Hell, beyond help you, everyone was getting out of deep hell. The neighborhood deep, deep hell I went from the happiest place on my nose funny. We were driving home from Disney on the five and the fire was like right at our ass because we got home and then when we got home apparently the five was shut down, so something we were [ __ ] bounced out of there so quickly left, Sparks and I saw Dan, throw cigarette butt out the window and it was kind of coincidental that the fire started right as Dan threw cigarette butts because we were speeding like a madman cutting across the freeway. No that's true I did do that. Yeah. We had a moment where we had a moment in the car, but we made it a moment. We did. We survived. Everyone survived, Zach, you're fat, you have family and your house is everything's, fine, barely huh barely what do you mean? Barely just I'm exhausted, okay, the house wasn't there was no and no no, no thank God, but it did there's like a bunch of stuff everywhere. Well I'm. Thank the gods that you're fine. Our nanny is fine. Her family's fine, everybody's, fine except the people. Of course they lost their house, but I, don't know any of them. Everyone's fine. That I know that's all ours, so we have got. First of all, we've got a lot of big stories here. Oh yeah, yeah Disney was fun. Oh I do have some actually some interesting reports from Disney space melon rolls we did Space Mountain. Did we do these VIP tours? This is Kimberly our tour guide. She's awesome. We do these VIP tours where we get to cut the front of the line, and it's like it's so sick anyway week and you can stay on the ride and do it twice. - I, don't know if I talked about this last year, but it's like class warfare is crazy. Like there's all these little kids in line who have been waiting two hours and you just you- walk by them and you look them dead in the eye, and you say if your parents had more money, you wouldn't be in that line and you spit in their face. You say: peasant [, __ ], you kick him. You get allowed to get one child in line at Disney. If you have a VIP tour right either. No, this was Guardian to the galaxy's. Well, I mean what was your guys's experience because I've done the VIP, but you you have to do the VIP tour, because, obviously there's a lot of cannot exactly going. Incognito I mean we're all red beating it out. So we get some we're getting stopped. A lot, which is very nice and I, cherish all my fans, all the fans that come and say, hi. It's very sweet and beautiful I, I, even invited people to come, say hi to us. So I'm not good I like it it's great, but it's it's sometimes you sometimes you need a chaperone because it can get a little wild and it ends up being like a fan. Meetup right people start queuing up as Duff. Can someone say something about Disney Dan had a interesting experience right. This picture on cars was moments before it. This ride is not extreme like anyway, so dance understand. Famous last images, I was screaming like a madman all day, Dan pute and [ __, ] yeah after cars and I got so we're getting off cars and he puts his head in the trashcan and he yaks and I'm like oh damn is dad. Okay and I go back there dude. That smell was crazy, bro good good. It was intact, I mean the cars ride was obviously what put it over the top, but it was the. It was the roller coaster right before the cars ride, that kind of [ __ ] me up. We did it twice and then, frankly, I'm going twice, isn't that cool it all it kind of ruins the ride. Yeah yeah, it's not as exciting. You know, and then you definitely get motion sickness, it's kind of pointless in Cairo's it yeah [Laughter]. This is a good one. I was trying to look cool and not scared, didn't work. I was trying to look badass and you yakked in the trash can I say Kimberly our VR tour guide. She's been doing this for decades, she's a seasoned pro I says Kimberly. How many times has someone pubes on rise? I mean Dan just puked and on the cars ride, of all things, which is like a kids ride and she goes well. The only ever time someone's puked is a child who was sick. So Dan you were the first adult in her decades of experience that puked on ours ride. No Ian was a joy. Lil Ian was laughing yeah Ian. Did you have anything you wanted to add? Oh, it was the best part is beautiful. What what was so joyful about it, for you I mean just that ride specifically I, don't know how Dan drives a car. Do you get nauseous when you drive to work that was Ian's joke other highlights include Zac, skipping, a bunch of rides and people calling him a [ __ ] Zac was scared of a bunch of rides. I was like dude. What's right, did he skip or you're like you're such a [, __ ]? You know Splash Mountain what the roller coaster, which was the best ride. You know it's, okay, you know it's messed up, though cuz you did the crazy ferris wheel and that one is like so much worse than all the rides. You skip scared. The [ __ ], out of it yeah I, had to pop in, like my headphones to get through it like yeah, you had the Dingle music I need to design out. It was so scary yeah. He also it was where Ian skipped. We did a Peter, Pan and Fantasyland, which is for like one year olds and Sark was like super scared and didn't want to go on it. So I, don't know you bitched out a lot of rides, but it's fine. We had fun Ian in DMP all day. Hmm, he was making a point of it. You know it's funny, a lot of people coming up to us. We kept going to Ian. So are you? Do you have to pee or what and I was like what there was one of the people. You know when you get off the rides, and he pointed Ian he's. You know, for people with small bladders, yeah, I, love that and then I learned something about Ian. That really I mean you guys know that we've been doing this bachelor anyway, I gotta focus on talking I'm, so exact is a terrible episode. I'm just exhausted you liked this show and you just like watching a sit here. That's fine, but don't expect anything of value to come here. This episode, Ian. We have this, show The Bachelor, we they're three with the age three or your capital H, and a three very clever and we've been setting up him with all these dates and I'm learning now and he's a girl. He hit him up in the Instagram DMS and she wanted to join, but she missed the cutoff and now they're getting somewhat serious and I'm like okay. Well, then, we got to bring her in as a wild-card and Ian goes. I don't want to include her in the show and I'm like okay Ian, then, let's do it my way because he goes she's outside the show. I says Ian. You found her from the show she wanted to be a contestant you're, ruining the integrity of The Bachelor. This is serious. We're here to find love in and you found a girl outside of the game, show format and you're Rafi engine I says: okay. Well, then Ian, why don't you just tell her that I want her on the show and let her decide and Ian says no I'm like all right, then dude love? Is it my hands and I'm taking the power back because the show is we have out of people that would love to be the bachelor Ethan Ethan, yeah I know you are agreeing, but do you see we have people requesting to become the next Bachelor and we have some really eligible people lined up? Okay. Now you for you to I mean what's going on here you and can you say something and what do you think the other two are gonna? Think no, the two girl he's so bad. Exactly speak for yourself. Go ahead, I, don't remember signing something where I had to pass over every diem to you guys for review beforehand. I! Don't remember that? No, we well I, don't remember that either because it doesn't happen. But what I do expect is that if we're doing a dating show for you II they did. They will correct me if I'm wrong, because you guys are a big bachelor, bachelor nation, yeah yeah didn't the winner like he wasn't invested all and he did it just to boost his music career Judd. Yes, that is true, but so the actual bachelor has no integrity to it. Well, Judd wait so: okay, okay, his name is actually Jed, but we like to call him John, so John got slammed about his who's fake intentions and also having a girlfriend outside of the show. So if you wish to be treated like John, careful because people take it very seriously, I think a lot of people will take it very soon. It's true I, don't expect you to tell me every diem and corresponding you have. Obviously, although I would appreciate, I would like that to be honest, but okay I don't expect it, because, obviously you have a private life. That being said, she did come to you in association with The Bachelor dating show. Is that correct, yes or no? The three was around that time. Yeah and she did she did she or did she not say that she wished she was in the show and she missed the cutoff. She mentioned the show yes, okay, and do you think that having an outside influence like this is jeopardizing the integrity of the two finale do two finalists that we've selected I? Don't think so? Okay, why? How okay but hold on? Let me ask you this. Then Ian wait! Okay. How often do you talk to cuz? You were texting with her all the time we were at Disney, yes or no, not the whole time. No! You texted with her a little bit while we're at Disney. Have you spoken to any of the other two finalists uh, one of them? Okay? How much have you spoken? Not that much now. Do you think it's fair to the girl? You haven't spoken to it all and and then meanwhile, you're texting the other girl, while we're at Disney I mean my dm's. Are there they're open, but you deemed they're, open, you're, saying but she's what she won't. I think that she's, you know, has more integrity. She's. Yes, although I to be fair, I, never said, don't DM yeah, that's not a rule yeah, but it it could be assumed. It's that's a rule. Yeah! All right, 100 percent, if anything, I, think messaging, him is kind of like well. Someone really competitive, maybe would do that. It's a slight cheating. Yes, but it's like a gray area. It is a gray area, but someone who would win The Bachelor would probably go the extra on that extra step towards connecting with the the contestant. But my point is: is I? Am I fitting this whole thing has been jeopardized because Ian seems to have real affections for this third girl and I'm. Sorry, if I'm out, then what's the point exactly oh, what's the point: if she's, if we don't get to talk to her ian, is it embarrassing you that I said that you have real sections for the third girl? You don't know what's going on, there's a reason? Why? Because because well your main, why are you not on camera? Why are you showing me when I talk to you I, don't understand your main goal is to make this as critical a goal love for defying you love. What is your plan for my next assignment? Well, we have okay. The idea for the finale is that the two finalists call in on a skype tablet we're gonna, set up a nice dinner table like Italian with the red and white checkered fabric and a rose, and some wine and some spaghetti and meatballs and I'll sit across from Ian holding the tablet of the finale. Contestant and Ian will have a one-on-one date with them, but I'll be holding the tablet. Yeah then we'll be recording I don't know. Do you have a better idea that, yes, we need to know entertaining and why I may know is that gonna play live music, mm-hmm danken is that can you play like flamenco hell? Yes, let me it goes like the Spanish with the nylon. Yes, it's a romantic hell! Yes, okay in yes, why would anyone not want to be a part of that? A proxy date with Ethan walls? Zack plays I got a date with me. Somebody's got a hold the tablet. That's a good point. I, don't know a robot over the tablet. So what you want to you guys, when you know how, when you learn to drive the driver next to you, can take over at any point learner driver. Yes, then needs to have an override there, switcher, so that when Ian talks then can switch onto him. I agree. It's outrageous that you don't show you. When you talk, I mean it's upsetting to me and we went to great lengths in to get you a button to us to get you the mic to open, and here you are still dodging it. I'm doing it I'm pressing buttons I'm all over I got this. It's a lot to juggle to be fair, to be fair to you, then, is it? Is it possible to have a second switch, we'll see what we can do? It is possible. Actually, I'm gonna have to do that. The only thing is basically, yet we just need you dance who switched in and yeah yep, just like the master. You actually do no way to do that. Well, anyway, that's something I learned at Disney -, we're still on Disney and I'm I, just I, don't know what to say because Ian, it's a lot of drama I, don't know what I don't know how much integrity the show has left. So what do you I'm worried? These girls are gonna pull out now, because I just I scheduled the whole thing with them for next week, like it's all they're gonna see this episode, because why would they not want to be in if I'm, giving you two finalists and they're putting their heart on the line for you and you're gonna have to pick a winner? No, you need to disclose, first of all, that you are interested in a third girl at all, let alone the fact that she's interested in being a contestant on this show. If you really love her in you will let her compete. So you can pick her everything you say only makes me realize. I should never shouldn't have even mentioned this [Laughter] we'll find that's! That's the wrong attitude. That's the wrong thing all right! Well, let's move on because I don't think we're getting anywhere here, but but do you see my problem? At least you see the conundrum that I'm in yes? So what do you want? It you're extending the invite to do a wildcard, yes or what well I didn't want to even have this conversation like this to be honored, but you didn't you didn't leave me any choice. I gave you all I, give you reasonable options and you you reject all of them. I said I wanted to introduce her as a third wildcard, but but I had to reach out. You said reasonable options. I'm pretty sure that was the only option. No I said I said well at least what I said to you. That I thought was reasonable at least tell her. I want her to be on the show and give her the option. Okay. Well now, she's aware: [Laughter] there you go okay, all right! Well, this should accomplish she local. Is she local? No, where does she live? Okay, maybe let's, let's cool it there, but what's her dress, yeah, but we have to read non-local girls, then right. That's kind of an issue, although that's what the bachelors do: they're like I'm unemployed in Los, Angeles and I just fell in love with another unemployed person from Kansas I love that show ian is employed, though so, let's move on. Well, you know, so that's that so Disney was fine. We're all exhausted ela was a champ. She wrote everything. She looked good doing it too I'm, not I used to be more scared. I, don't know what happened you did you did it I mean you did it all. I dragged her ass to Disneyland a lot of times now kiss and yesterday was our tenth anniversary, seventh anniversary. So congratulations to us on seven years of happy domestic bliss lots of patience and prayer I wish we had a sound byte, which is an idiot with the sign he didn't say it. Um I want to talk about the Gatsby crash. Bobby Lee was our last guest and we loved Bobby, Lee and kalila they're awesome. Funny. Craig Gass was a fantastic episode. You guys may add those who didn't see it pretty sure we pulled the video he's over here. Those who didn't see it should wash I thought I pulled this well man, I wonder why I want to show the clip of him crashing and in short, he took the Gatsby with kalila, and you know we always do this. I had a feeling that someone was gonna. Do this he's like floored it and crashed into the wall and I'm and I suspected he did it on purpose because Bobby's a little while a little crazy and he's always trying to get a laugh but um. Well, let me show you the clip for those of you who didn't so without for those who did you're gonna like it anyway, they're do Bobby and kalila. Please enter yeah right now, rips hard, and he just totally missed the missed the entrance for the entire frame of the door Oh our office is like a war zone now from the Gatsby. What is the condition of the Gatsby? Now it's also in pretty good shape. It's just. It's got one minor issue that the acceleration gets stuck the cellar, ation and break. Actually, the break is just reverse crazy, so it's very unsafe to do, but I think we can fix it. As my point, it's probably fixable if we have a good gatsby mechanic. So if any of you guys out there are a disability mobility at the Commission's, we would like to invite you here. You know I think a good handyman could could fix it up, but I was actually quite concerned about Bobby. His foot was Sam I'm showing here his foot was sandwiched between the metal and the doorframe and I was actually I was laughing uncontrollably because it was just so ridiculous, but I was actually quite worried. I was trying to pry his foot out and I couldn't stop laughing, but I was actually quite worried. Yeah and he's everyone he's totally fine. But what shocked me even more is that I went I saw them their new podcast title was called I survived, we survived h3 and I was like. Oh they talking about us and then he goes on to admit that he crashed on purpose. Let me play this rich, rational. You guys I suspect that I need to fast to furious. What were you thinking Bobby? What what was going through your mind if I would have gone through the doorway clean right, yeah I would have taken out either Ethan right. No, no I couldn't get along well. He was going back everyone I kind of like [ __ ] hard dude. My leg got twisted in a bunch of metal. You could know for real if you had. You knew that you were going to do this. Yes, because I wish I would have been warned. There is no prepared preparation plan to crash that [ __ ] scooter falls feet into the wall. I had a feeling that some, it was gonna happen eventually, dan. We need protocols. Now we need safety protocols, I'm just happy. No one was hurt. I me too, I I I was trying every buddy can attest backstage I tried multiple times to get him to chill out. I was like you don't need to be this far back. You don't need to go fast. It's thin paper you'll, just just like a few feet back and just no no man and yeah. That would be really bad. He goes on, though, to describe his the ones who get hurt. More are the ones who tense up. That's what I'm saying before impact and the ones who survived better are the ones who are asleep in the car. Tony Ferguson absorbs punches, he gets punches, but he gets punched. The reason why he doesn't get hurt is because this would they say the commentary my friend Joe Rogan and my other friend Michael visiting my friend Dominick Cruz never met him. What about John annek never met him. Anyhoo here. Did your friends any hole, yeah yeah, that's right! He knew who I have know what I'm saying now: let's watch them, they're better, just be like yeah I'm like just watch this today. We're tired, that's like all right guys, we're just watching movie today. Ah so fun we're just having. If we get hurt, we don't have to do it. If I hurt myself enough, I would have been like I would even do something more more just to pop it out or whatever I really was trying to get out of that. That was an easy podcast, those guys the nicest people in the world yeah podcast has been a real fun and as of late and sorry to interrupt, but we have another yes I'm, sorry that was a weird I. Had this weird cut where there like was that a homage to Dan? No, there was no I think they just had a hard cut. Anyway, he was purposely trying to crash to get out of the interview. Mm-Hmm I'm glad he didn't hurt himself, because I I feel, like you, never really know. What's the truth, wid Bobby I know I think he was just trying to be violent. Ya know was he could have pretended to have been hurt that would solve a just so cuz we were already recording anything. I gotta go I, gotta turn the ACS house, a [, __ ]. Is it break time? Damn so sorry to interrupt. We gotta go to break hey. Was that real I mean that was the sound bite, but yes, okay, so little break because I gotta turn up the AC, but after this we're gonna get into the real content enough with the BS okay. Because after this we got the we got Bella Bella Delfin, our friend of the show found her named Belle Delphine did I, say correctly: Belle Delphine, of course, I know her name she's a friend of the show. She really is. She turns out. It was arrested and updates. Follow Thornton, look I'm trying to get people to stick around and watch I mean, let's put cheat I, think what she did. We're gonna get into it, but she wasn't she posted at long last. She disappeared for a long time and she posted what seems to be in reaction to our latest podcast. So that's fun. I want to talk about blizzard, verse, China, actually, Hong Kong, vs. China, blizzard being a little bitch-ass and bowing down to China China and the NBA - of all people bound down China outrageous I got a lot to talk about and, of course, we've got. Ethan Bradberry conspiracy theories will follow as well, so we've got a lot of good stuff on that guys don't go anywhere. We will be right back after these short commercial messages. It's spooky soft dealer. It's me undies. It's soft, like the best thing you've ever put on your body, soft its soft, like a fluffy kitten, dressed up in a pop pumpkin costume soft, like softer than the brains that zombies love to eat. Oh have I gone too far. Well, you get the idea. These are the softest undies known to man and they're, also available in sizes. Extra small - wait for it. 4X yeah I'm, getting close to 4x Oh baby I can probably fit into 4 XL and and be comfortable I'm serious to excel I'm, losing space and to excel people. Think I'm kidding it's soft fur, although if you're 5 XL nobody's gonna cater to you, you could ever have to find a different underwear supplier me undies, look take a look at these great prints. You've got the spooky spooky skulls. The doughnuts I don't know that those are Halloween themed but they're, very cool and they're. Certainly soft as it gets me. Andes has a great offer for my listeners as well. If your first-time purchaser, you get 15% off, you get free shipping, and let me tell you it's a no-brainer, especially because they have a hundred percent satisfaction guaranteed. That means that if you don't, if you're not 100% satisfied, these are the softest most breathable, incredible underwear that you have ever felt grace your taint, [, __, ], dick impulse or vagina. In the case of women, then you will get all of your money back as a 100% satisfaction guarantee right now, 50% off first pair free shipping, 100% satisfaction guaranteed, go to Mia news, calm, slash h3 me Indies dot-com, /, H, h3 problem. What an astonishing thing of book is: it's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imparted lots of funny dark, squiggles, but one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person. Maybe someone who's been dead for thousands of years book is proof ELA that humans are capable of working magic. Who said that not Albert Einstein Carl Sagan said that he said that about books and I agree. Books are the closest thing we have to magic, but we don't all have time to sit down and read a book. We sometimes are driving exercising doing other things. It's a busy world, that's the beauty of the audiobook we can multitask and the magic has become even more magical. That's the power of audible, now audible has an unmatched selection of audiobooks, guys, the one that I'm gonna recommend to you we're talking about China and how spooky China is as a police state. I, don't know if we've talked about it at this podcast. At this point the bug is or not, but 1984 is a is a book that I read for the first time recently that chilled me to the bone. It's a it's truly a horror story really of the of the human mind and spirit and um. It's it's full of twists and turns honestly that I didn't expect that someone who's, never read it and it really I mean George Orwell when he wrote this. This guy had a third eye because he saw he saw things that shouldn't have been accessible to a human being, especially back then I cannot recommend this enough. China scares the hell out of me. You're gonna, see what I'm talking about when I explain it and listen. This book I think it's fantastic, it'll change your whole Danu, you add, and it said that it informed his whole life view this book single-handedly 1984 I mean guys if you weren't, rich or so in spirit. Look no further audible members can get more than ever before. Every month you could choose one audio book, regardless of price plus two audio originals from a fresh selection on top of audiobooks and audible originals members get access to exclusive, guided fitness and meditation program just go to a UD IB le comm /, h3 podcast or text h3 podcast, -, 500, 500 and browse their unmatched selection of audio content start listening with a 30-day audible trial, choose one audiobook and two audible originals, absolutely free visit, audible.com, slash, h3, podcast or text h3 podcast, -, 500 and 500. Welcome back. We were yelling all day yesterday. So all of our voices are like trashed. We all feel like we're getting sick, new scooter. Videos I forgot to mention: let's watch those. Obviously this was called the double kill outside you can see a what looks like a bodega. You've got two old. Ladies, oh well, let's do a play-by-play, let get start out or even better ridiculousness. Well, let me pause that reverse it. Oh I hate ridiculousness that show sucks anyway, I'm sure I'll be on it soon. Yeah right, you imagine, they really only have well. There was some good ever yeah. They have everyone. Somehow I, don't know how they booked. Everybody I think, like even Obama, was on ridiculousness yeah. It was crazy. Hillary Clinton was on there. Mom Paul was on there too, that one that didn't make sense from Paul, but he was on there shut up - Ian Gooch, who made this Facebook so anyway, just got a scooter pulled together. Ethan focus focus, you folks are up. [ __, ] old Nana got Dumbo today, yeah, but no seriously, we do got her play-by-play. You know all these club shows I like tosh point-o for like a year. It was good [Music]. Here we go guys, we are going here we go now. You got an old guy, here's a Nana, she gets tumbled right away and she I mean that's a straight Nana she's like 82, so she's, a crazy I mean Frank she'll, probably never get up again and I'm not trying to be funny. But at that age you don't fall gracefully now late to Nan's, and why do these dangerous, I'm saying? And then he just pieces out he totally just oh they're Nana's are both down for the count. Do it all that remains it's her purse that just lies quietly and and finally, truly a final resting place made the black crazy I made a mobility scooter. Now we've seen that uh you could knows. What's up, though that was the autoplay should I watch this again or no I mean it's pretty wild like homie, you gotta be. This is not toys I mean especially not the Gaspee. We think they're serious machines. They need to be treated as such. You can't just throw a 90 year old guy on a damn Gatsby and not expect him to kill to Nana's that wanted. Well, whatever it's got like a hole on the back he's got like a hold back packing situation. This is very much intentional, like the first one, what's happening, I think no I think he got confused and hits on reversed and he can't stop other delicious Malaysia. That's like I mean that's like murder, oh no and the second that porn the first one never had a chance, but the second one she's trying to hobble away, bless her soul but she's, just so old. But this lady's, like that someone's carry my shouldn't be laughing, but well maybe shouldn't have kids the targeted nobility people. That's what I'm saying, though more outrageous look them in the eye. Wow! That's a creek! Oh he's, not wait. He didn't look old. He looks kind of like more homeless than old. Like get a look at his face, he looks middle-aged old guy he's younger than they are for sure. God wait. Maybe that is malicious but cuz. He looks like he's like 40 or something you know. That's crazy, - he's got he's actually very mobile. You can. That was like a really good 180. Definitely a better turning radius on that than me. Yeah that thing ATS six wheels for like slick the god speeds like 50 feet, determine what you know. What he's not autoplay like YouTube, give me a break I, don't turn it on and I've turned it off like a thousand times, and that is true um. This guy knows what he's doing, because after he takes him both out. Look at this he's, like he's very in control, yeah turns on a dime out of there. Oh, my god, that's horrifying! If you actually murdered those two Nan's I, don't think it was malicious. Then why would he bounce that's the drunk driving drunk driving activity? If he was almost drunk driving? Is it oh [, __ ], you could probably get a DUI on one of those. Imagine like you lose your license for drunk driving, and then you get a mobility scooter and then you kill people and your mobility scooter truck driving anyway. So we've given a lot of mobility, scooter people [ __ ], because we've called them menace to society, we've called them a dater to our children. But what if I told you that scooters could save our community? You know, would you call me crazy, or would you call me a attention? Visionary, crazy? Well, I'll! Let you judge, there's some I, don't know what the context there's some reporters and some immigrants start getting violent. They come with masks and they start getting violent and trying to get them to leave and some well here, cheap slate we've been individually attacked, hunched that producers being punched you've been runner drives. His mobility Scott turns intervenes. Attention turns intervenes drives. His mobility, you know, could be used for good and evil is the tool. This is the tool like nuclear energy. Scooters are a force for good or evil and depending on who wields it and how it's used much like the powers of Superman, hmm screws, don't kill people, it's who's, driving right right. We got to start off this first scooter lobbying group like that and the NRA this that the Scutari don't kill people. People do anyway scooter us that was fun blizzard boycott. This thing is so stupid, blizzard. First of all, it's a video game company, as you all know, much beloved to all of us. If you're around my age, you probably played Starcraft starcraft, brood war, visionary, life-changing game, Starcraft, mm-hmm, you've got World of Warcraft. You've got Warcraft one two and three you've got. You know so many great games that they've made the habló for Christ's sake, but they've they've, more and more, since they got acquired by Activision who's. Just one of the big evil behemoths of gaming become just a really soulless money. Machine World of Warcraft. Obviously, is there it's funny Warcraft's their most famous game, but they were. They were like. You aren't unanimously loved before that, like universally loved before world of warcraft, everyone was like they're, the pinnacle of great gaming and after world war, crafts they just got too much money, I, don't know it's crazy, but anyway, as most competitive gaming, companies are very popular in China, a lot of money, a lot of people in China and there's some riots going on some political strife between Hong, Kong and China want to read, what's written here for me at this point, which will be more clear for our listeners and not just me rambling. So here been to read now in the wake of about 18 weeks of ongoing protests in Hong Kong, several American businesses have now become and broiled in a larger issue of cowing. What do we got here? What is kowtow to China's, a thorough kowtow, cop tau Cobb, tau e KO, tao e to china's authoritarian, totally and dollar aryan totalitarian government? This is serious cow talent being the world's most populous area. It actually is originated from cantonese, so the world most populous country. Ultimately, the next global superpower. Well, that's editorialized, damn well sure they're number two, but America's number one forever: okay, but Blizzard. During the Asian Pacific hearthstone grandmaster season, 2 finale in Taipei capital of Taiwan there was a player called Liz Chung who published Chung blitz Chung the pub he has publicly supported solidarity for Hong Kong during a live feed. Now this the fallout of this clip which I'm about to show you was catastrophic, the Chinese government does not tolerate any criticism of the government, doesn't tell her any protests, any dissent, it's not down at all and it will count like it. Their reaction to this is over the top. I mean here is the here's. What it was. This guy won a tournament he's in like the calm, calm right now. What happened was um. He said something in support of the protesters and Twitter's ruining my life again, but you could see the the broadcaster's know: it's gonna be [. __, ] you're, not dude, people are trying to know you can't say [ __ ] about the government. Hmm, it's crazy different existence to what we're here, you know like I, could call Trump a big fat orange yeah baby and it's like yeah. Everybody says that about him. That's a that's! We got to appreciate how amazing that is. You can never do that before you can never say the king was a [ __ ]. You get slain on the spot, but we could say that about our rulers and that's a beautiful American thing and China is [, __, ] scary. So, in response to that they go what he said was liberate. Hong Kong, Revolution of our age popular slogan by the Hong Kong protesters. Blizzard has since banned this player for one year they revoked his winnings from that tournament, which in this case was $10,000 and they are justifying it as a breach of contract because they say you're not allowed to make political stance of any kind on a live feed. The incident has provoked rare bipartisan condemnation with both Marco Rubio's involved. Oh no. What did he have to say about it? Marco Rubio says recognize what's happening here. People who don't live in China must either self-censor or face dismal dismissal and suspension China using access to market as a leverage to crush free speech globally. That's a very good point, actual actually Marco implication. This will be felt long after everyone in US politics today is gone because this happened in Taiwan and there Blizzard, from being pressured from China, is cracking down on on a Taiwanese player if I'm understanding that correctly, but the effect so here's effective immediately bliss Chung is removed from Grand Master and received no prizes. Additionally, he is ineligible to participate for 12 months. Hmm, we will also cease working with both casters really. Well, then, the casters they're, like just everybody's screwed and by the way I this I'm, a guy who was involved in the competitive Starcraft 2 scene, like I, was in very deep I know how much love and hard work and like dedication it takes to even get at that casting booth and you're like dude when you're investing your whole time energy into something like hearthstone of StarCraft, it's like and you get to that casting stage. There's no plan B. You know what I'm saying I don't know why they had to make an example of the casters I guess because they weren't like oh, how dare you mm-hm so crazy. The only the only rationale I think I've been able to gather is that the casters couldn't like they should have cut him off as soon as they saw that he was wearing I agree, I mask yeah, but yeah as soon as he was like wearing stuff like that they I guess should have known I mean. Obviously they shouldn't have been fight. He won the damn tournament give the guy the helmet, oh [, __ ]. They said we'd like to reemphasize tournament and player conduct within the hearthstone eSports community, from both players and talent. While we stand by one's right to express individual thoughts and opinions, players and other participants that elect to participate in our eSports competitions must abide by official competition rules. [Music] yeah, that's [, __, ] I. Don't think they would give a single [ __ ], if, like someone was like [ __, ] Trump whatever, so it turns out the Chinese tech giant. $0.10 owns a 5% stake in Blizzard and I guess. The reason is that the casters encouraged him to stay. Apparently they say in Mandarin say the eight words and then we'll end the interview immediately. Oh, they encouraged her. They knew where had you read that dad to know that and an article I'm just reading now as we as we are, so they encouraged him to say it. Well that makes sense. Then then they need to burn and uh. They need to be thrown in the in the bottomless pit, along with him, Chinese tech giant. Ten cent owns 5% stake and Blizzard and in the second quarter of 2019, Blizzard earned one hundred and seventy three million dollars from the asia-pacific region about 12% of its 1.4 billion worldwide total revenues. That's a lot of cheddar two hundred million dollars, but I also think that they're thinking like China is such an emerging market dude. They almost don't even care about America anymore, with China on the rise like. If you look at games like dota and League of Legend they're, it's all Chinese players, it's huge in China, so you know Blizzard has to it's like at what point? Does the the need to make money intersect with the Western ideals that we that we hold so dear I mean it's a really complicated topic? It seems like because I'm sure it's not that simple, but you know on one hand like that's China and do you I mean, should we take a stand against it and just not do any business with them right? Well, I! What's the difference between doing anyway, I mean, should it shouldn't nobody here, do any business with them. Yeah I mean I I'm, fairly ignorant, so I may be speaking out of turn, but I mean China scares the [ __ ] me because, like I'm reading about how they're rounding up millions of migrant Muslims and re-education camps like silently just silently rounding up people and what seems to be described as some like, a less extreme concentration camp, but something that could quickly turn into one if you're rounding up a million migrant Muslims and just to reeducate them whatever. That means and like the [ __ ] that China's doing with the social credit cards, you know to get on a metro now in China, you have to scan your face and then you have a social credit card. So if your rating goes low, you can't do you can't take public transportation. You can't leave the country, they have abilities to controlling their individuals, citizens so much and to suppress dissent. So much that that's why it reminds me so much of 1984, because never before have I ever thought that what I read in that book was possible. The ability to squash the human spirit as I see there in China. Can you imagine you if you speak out against the government? They ding your social card and then you go in the subway and they scan your face and you're. Like sorry, [ __ ], you can't go in the subway anymore. That's awful I mean dude, that's like crazy control, so I don't know as a Western world, but there's emerging superpower. What kind of what does that look like in 100 years? I, don't know [Music], but currently, like everywhere, every almost everything is made in China like everyone all over the world is working with China yeah I think it's a I think we are going to be confronted with the horrible truth that we have created a monster, and you know it makes me think world war red before World War, 2, United States was not the world superpower, but when Japan came and bombed Pearl Harbor, it was famously said that they had awoken. A sleeping giant and America quickly became like a dominant world power as a galvanized, all of its manufacturing power into like warfare for World War two and they just end and I. Think China is just silently gathering. So much wealth and resources and power that if they become the predominant superpower, the landscape of the world, you know Western ideals, freedom, individualism, these truths. We hold to be self-evident that all men are created equal and given with unalienable rights by our Creator. The right -, yes, expression, that's the Bill of Rights, but they say the pursuit of happiness, yeah life, life and liberty. I'm, not sure that the Chinese agree with that. You know they certainly don't agree with the freedom of religion as religion is outlawed completely in China or or speech right. If you can't speech a speech free speech- oh my god, like what they're the definition of they have technologies to prevent free speech. That's what it is scan your face anyway. This is kind of a there's such sensible, [ __ ], though it's like dude well this. So this this example from the NBA is even crazier. This actually shocked the hell. I mean there's been a lot of protests within blizzard by the way with employees walking out, there's been the lead developer of a lot of their classic games. World Warcraft, Diablo 2 StarCraft brood war, tweeted I'm done I made. This is actually a great one. Dan showed me this, and this guy made the game. He says. Please tell us more about why you're canceling, a roller Warcraft subscription I made this game with the team. I'm applo I'm opposed to blizzards fear of china and the silencing of blitz chun I'm calling up blizzard to stand up for what is right. So there you go, the actual creator of the game is out, but once again it's blizzard blizzard is just so behemoth now that guy he's like cool, you made the game 20 years ago, thanks for the money idiot, that's what Mozart said in response. So here there's actually more examples of. Let's see here they hold up a free, Hong, Kong post right here, the suspense won't last any longer. They do draw the second time not for long spirits, WP yeah they just cut away to just get off of it baby. This NBA one is even crazier, though I didn't see this one. What is this? Damn my character, yeah they're doing all this stuff to try and be a character and over watches, Chinese, so they're trying to make her a symbol of the Hong Kong movement was pretty Hong Kong women to basically punish blizzard by making that character so associated with it. That China just bans the game of overwatch from pretty clever. That's that's pretty clever right. There they're trying to turn her into like a that's pretty awesome. Actually, oh yeah, the oh damn, oh the chairman of China. They keep making fun of him that he looks like Winnie, the Pooh and apparently it's it's a illegal to share Winnie the Pooh memes in China mm-hmm Chairman Mao! Wait! That's not him! No, not not! No! That's a different! What's his name! Is he an ex? I Danis is simple. Last name here they say they make fun of him that he looks like looks. Look at nice guys that crazy he's like I just died like I, like I, was so life insurance, dude I'm, like the man at your local chase, yeah. Well, he is uh, not such a nice guy. Here's to great individuals, the two greats dude you needed lighten up, bro huh little you little uh ciao uh, uh, I'm blanking on his name, Kim Kim little Kimmy little Kim needs a life gym bro. That haircut is so outrageous. It looks like me I'm at are dude like nobody should ever have that haircut. That's straight out of [ __ ], my [ __ ] up. He is like a black dudes haircut from like the 80s. It's got like a hip-hop haircut, I, don't wanna anyway, chairman ye Winnie, the Pooh. This is illegal in China, so don't want you in China. Otherwise, you'll get one Winnie, the Pooh JH, apparently tilden. What what could I find it dan? What are you trying to find the one in the Pooh meme, where his faces photoshopped his money, the Pooh well I mean and you're looking at a bunch of them. I, don't know what specific one you're talking about anyway. Apparently they been, but yes, yes, yeah they've made that image illegal. There don't [ __ ] with that. This is boring. Anyway, there you go Winnie, the Pooh did. I can beat off to this. It's free, Hong, Kong revolution out. Why she like that like, so there you go now, this NBA stuff I think really underscores how crazy they are. Okay, first of all the NBA, that's American as it gets all of this stuff comes right at the heels of the Blizzard controversy. There's a team called the Houston Rockets, their general manager, daryl morey, while in japan for pre seeming preseason games on friday, expressed support for the ongoing pro-democracy protests in Hong, Kong tweeted a photo that said fight for freedom, staying with Hong Kong. Here it is okay, general manager of a American basketball. They, you know that's a fair stance to make as an American, we believe in democracy and freedom, so he quickly deleted it. The NBA has a lot of money in China, the Houston Rockets in particular Yao Ming, one of the most popular Chinese basketball stars played on the Rockets. His tenure on the team helped make the game so popular in China and cemented the Rockets as a fan favorite in the country of China team owner tilman faretta for Teta tilman for dente' quickly condemned it bitched out big time. He says just so you know. Listen! This guy does not speak for the team. Our presence in tokyo is all about the promotion of the NBA internationally and we are not a political organization. Our Andy anyway just seems like a minor like a minor misunderstanding. Then he quickly apologized the guy who made the original tweet and deleted the tweet, and he said Joey. The original tree said: Don 10 my teeth. The cook I did not intend for my tweet that caused any offense to rocket fans and friends of mine in China. I was merely voicing one thought based on one interpretation of one complicated event. I've had a lot of opportunity since that's week to hear and consider other perspectives. It's like whoa dude, there's no mysterious conversation, some serious [, __ ] and the back channels which you'll find out what it was. I've always appreciated the significance port, our Chinese fans and sponsors have provided money and I would hope that those who are upset will know that offending or misunderstanding them was not my attention. My tweets are my own in no way represent the Roth, it's just one guy yeah manager, who tweeted that he was in support this tweet. This is a great by the way Tibet Hong Kong world, and this one I, don't can't say it so I'm not gonna lie even I tried it. It's [, __ ] yoghurt. Those are the Muslims that you were talking about there. Here's what happened. Ok, the Chinese government cut ties with the Houston Rockets, as did several other businesses, including the team's Chinese sponsors. The government said you're. The whole team can you're done in China dossie the CBA, along with $0.10, which streams NBA games in China to almost 500 million viewers, cut their ties, you're saying they cut ties with the entire NBA I I'm, not sure if it's the NBA or just the Houston Rockets. This was actually a couple days ago. So there's probably been development since then, let me look it up. Oh yeah, they're they're, cutting ties they and I know they pulled all the merch from stores and don't like dude. This is like a huge industry, because this one random guy and they brought it's actually Marco Rubio, really summarized it well he's like they're bringing down the force of the whole government against anyone dissenting them. The guys are not Chinese he's thought he's just an American basketball game and they've brought the consequence of even mentioning support for Hong Kong. He didn't even really should talk. China resulted in the the team being outcast and the NBA losing its partnership with the whole [ __ ] China. So what's the NBA gonna do now. On top of this, it's reported that they are debating whether or not to even to fire the guide. Oh just because of that one tweet I, don't understand. That's so crazy. You have an update, was he fired? Doesn't look like he's been fired yet, but I do I did just do an update. Cctv pulls NBA China games broadcast in response to the atom solvers support for the use in Rockets GM right to free speech. La Lakers and Brooklyn Nets are going to meet next week, but for now neither game will be screened, so yeah I mean like they pulled all the broadcasts of NBA games out there popular team in China, yeah, yeah, cuz ya mean who's like mega famous there cuz you have a really great basketball player, Chinese dude and the Rockets were his team. So yeah, that's just so great. It's like that's terrifying right I mean the yeah or they're over reactor. They come with such and they move you neuralyzer like if the whole government is like it's like. If YouTube boom works with China, then we can't say what we just said about them potentially, but I think YouTube and Google already been banned in China, but I'm making a comparison. Yes to the situation. Exactly if YouTube, let's say that's, that's exactly comparable. Let's say: that's: China becomes YouTube's biggest market and they're, making 50 percent of their money there and we're here talking. [ __ ] about China and the government goes YouTube and says ban them forever. They can never stream on your platform again mm-hmm and condemned them publicly or you cannot do business in our country yeah. Ever it's like. There's no free market there, it's just the government, whatever they say, goes, and so that's kind of what it's happening here. With this one [ __ ] guy made one tweet now the NBA's [ __ ] over in China and they're. Now the NBA needs to like fire this guy yeah and to the Emmys credit I mean you read the statement where the owner of the Rockets was kind of condemning it, but Adam Silver, who is the Commissioner of the NBA, is backing up the original guy, which is why they're pulling off the broadcasts. So he's he's not he's been in the knee. Did he say something publicly about it? Yeah he's that he's the president of the NBA, the Commissioner Commissioner I, like that like Gordon, but in terms I can understand Dan. He supports the free speech rights of Rockets GM Darryl, whatever the [ __ ], that guy's name Maury huh good for him. So that's what I'm saying they're they're not backing down there, but their reaction is the opposite of Blizzard's right mm-hmm, lizard fired everybody immediately and just said sorry. Abyss, China scared us from saying. If they're terrifying, that's just seem so insane that I from over here will have to comply to their nonsense. The government, yeah and so we've put we've I mean we've put China in this position where they have this incredible leverage over everything, because we wanted access to all their cheap goods and labor now they're strong. They got it all baby, Marco Rubio would have put a nice tweet. Let's see what Senator Ron Wyden said. Blizzard shows it is willing to humiliate itself to please the Chinese Communist Party. No American company should censor calls for freedom to make a quick buck. I fight, yeah I mean it's easy to say, but I I think fundamentally. I do agree that as Americans look it's in the Constitution, it's in the very fabric of being that defines who we are as a country that we you know that we believe in freedom of man and that we should support the freedom of people overseas, like people in Hong, Kong, fighting for democracy and free the free. The freedom of man benefits all of us and until we're all like free in that sense to say and believe what we want. Then there will always be conflict in the world. I feel like you can I, don't know that that was the thing the central theme of like 1984 was like. Can you ever really silence the voice inside someone I'd like to think that no all right, but that but yeah, there's people working on it? Keep that voice quiet by not to not to just dominate you physically, but also mentally mm-hmm. Anyway, let's talk about Bell. The reason why you all click this video, that's right, Bell, Delphine, I, love, Bell I, should give her equity in the show. At this point, I get more views. It's great I love her she's, the best I feel like we have a symbiotic relationship. You know what I mean I wish she would come on the show she would be. She would be the best guest ever she's, so secretive. We made a podcast called Belle Delphine arrested by English authorities, which, admittedly was an outrageous title, but it was fun and it got you all. You idiots to click it here. You are again, but it was. It was a joking reference to that. She had disappeared for months. She had just disappeared and I was genuinely worried about someone that I that I've, that I care about and I don't mean that in a weird way, I mean, like you, know, she's a strong personality. We have a symbiotic relationship and I just wish her well and I own some of her spit instantly to it by the way Ian's going to a pornhub Awards tonight, he's gonna wear the I on some bail. Delphine spit hat excited how you doing on time and you, okay, I'm, getting a little closer but it'll be all right. I can still go okay, you want to take you want to take over for him dance, so we can go. Cuz I do want that report, I'm good. For a little longer we got time: okay, yeah, yeah, okay, good yeah, Ian's gonna, go to the pornhub Awards, it's gonna be awesome. I was giving you [ __ ] earlier today, but that's so cool that you're doing that. So thank you. You are appreciated and valued Ian, but we're gonna need to ruin your social life as well. I understand, yeah, Val, so I think she honestly must have. She must be trolling right like here. She tweeted this out right. Oh my god. I can't show this [ __ ]. Do you didn't show it? Did you? No okay, good I just opened her banner I'm like oh. This is so pornographic, huh I'm. Trying to think. How can I? Okay can I just view the image directly yeah, but you could still see well. They don't need to cut to the screen until you're ready. You know, okay, so here I'll do it I'll. Do you can like zoom in how do I show this Dan cuz? It's still great out, like just okay, dad sent me the image directly ding yeah. Thank you. She tweeted this image out. Like the day after our podcasts says, Metropolitan Police and she's got runny. Mascara she's smiling the tweet red I got arrested. Lol I got arrested, LOL she's at 200,000 likes holy smokes. That's awesome, she's she's like anyway, then she sent another update Society. She followed it up by explaining she was arrested for vandalizing someone's car for stealing her hamster. This also has imaged it red. What does STG swear to god? Oh I swear to god. This girl came to my party and stole my hamster. I have no idea why or who the [ __ ] does that I spray-painted the [ __ ] out of her car and got arrested at least I got my hamster back [ __ ]. So here, I'm, gonna read so weird, oh [, __ ] can I show this he's a master trawler. She really is dan. Can you download these cuz I mean I, can't show it. It's got titties everywhere. Oh wait: no, no, no I can you're gonna, try it here. First and then yeah cut to it yeah. Look. It works alright, but just be careful because I'm gonna get [ __ ]. If we show some titties, she said. Here's her text messages said said: you saw you carrying my hamster outside, but thought it was a joke. But now my hamster is missing so where the [ __ ], is she have you taken her hello? Can you reply please? Lo? What are you talking about? I didn't take your hamster outside I literally, have two people saying they saw you lo. Ok, then! Oh, that's a [ __ ] response. Did you take it or not? Not lo, ok, then, so what the [ __ ] is. This then hate it and then here's a screenshot she's got receipts from the girl who who ratted her out hey. Did you take Belle's hamster the other night, because she's been asking lo yeah I thought it would be jokes. She got the receipts, [ __ ]. What now that's so [ __ ] up? Why so, then she went to her car and did it pay, pay me and clown with a gun on it, pay pay, yeah, pay, pay, good art, [, __, ], she's, a good artist, - she's, multi-talented I'm, so scared asking show titties, ok, yeah there you go, it says: [, __ ] me my hands, they're back, that's pretty awesome and then she got the hamster back. So congratulations to her now go off the screen because I am scared. So apparently she says I got arrested and she shows the mug shot here now Dan had pointed out. There are conspiracy theories stating that they believe this mug shot is faked. Would you like to expand on that down? Oh I mean I. Think it's pretty definitive that it's fake, ok, I mean the main thing is that it says Metropolitan, Police and people looked it up and the mug shots from that police department. Don't have that watermark, so so you're saying if she simply just didn't, do this watermark she wouldn't I've. Given her yeah, oh there's other things, I mean it's the fact that it it's a little out of focus. All of the mug shots from that department are always very sharp the backgrounds a little different. You know the four chance she's drooling, she's drooling, it's not I mean those pictures of the car. All spray-painted I mean that's if she's making it all up. That's going pretty far for the joke, I mean kudos doing well the paint the PP drawing was. This looked like it was washable p, with the [ __ ] frog that bakes PP, the [ __ ] frog. It looked like that was washable paint, but the spray paint wasn't yeah. I do think that Belle would buy a used car or just do it on she's, so crazy I feel like she would just do it on someone's car for the gag. No, she went to no I, don't think so, but I do think that she would go the extra I. Do that's what I'm saying the extra step to to create whatever she needs to create for this job get the buzz and she got the buzz. The story went mega due to viral here. Everyone couldn't debate, I got arrested, law, Belle, Delphine, post mug, shots, gamer, girl, Belle, will says she was arrested. Bala Delfino claimed she was arrested, yeah. Maybe she oh. That's me what the [ __ ]. That's me: h3 shares the craziest theory behind bail, Delphine's disappearance. It was the other thing everybody fell for the bait of like they didn't I guess they didn't actually watch it. They just saw the title. They said there you're. Obviously joking well I thought it was a pretty good theory that she got in legal trouble. Yeah I mean yeah respectively. Obviously, we're clearly speculating right during the October 4 episodes, h3 podcast hosted by h2 h3 ethan klein the youtube comedian shared his crazy theory about why bail teen has disappeared from social media. Following her ban on instagram, sick Thank, You Brent cope that he wrote that bell returns to social media. She was arrested everybody's on board, with the insanity I tried to reach out to him. I was like what's going on. Where are you? She didn't respond? Uh-Huh she's very cryptic, but I feel, like the timing of that, had to have been yeah and yeah boss to our podcast yeah yeah she's. Clearly, a fan but okay, but watch I'm glad first of all, cuz that people, someone made a really good comment to like when somebody goes disappearing on the internet. For that long, it's usually a bad thing, so she's at least confirmed to us that she's fine yeah that she's you know, takes a break from naming yeah she's, taking a break from work for whatever reason, but then again, I mean she's, got all this attention again and and there's no new news as Zack will attest another breakup yeah. Well, your dessert, yeah I, don't want to like I, don't want to know what you you got a new girl yeah. What so I mean? Does she know about bail just that the subscription we got yeah that you know I smelled her Spey tonight say what we all did. So that's not weird yeah, but there's no there's no butcher new girlfriend be upset if she knew that you watched Bella, delphine porn I. Don't owe you no good? Oh, you don't watch, but if you did I, don't okay well, let's not even that's not even entertain the hypothetical right um at any rate, she's fantastic, I'm, glad that her hamster is okay, I'm glad that she's, okay, frankly I was a little concerned. I mean she's, got all that like true detective [, __ ] in her how you know what I mean she's playing with octopuses and doesn't for two months I'm like oh, this girl's and some she's like in someone's basement and like like a pink dollhouse room but I'm she's, okay, so hey you know, that's great! Was that yeah, the true detective other one in the basement and it was all like pain. Everything was pink and it was locked in the basement. Some poor little girl, hey, give me the creeps just thinking about it, but hey it's the age. Some people say this is the best show I mean some people are more people are saying more more people. People are saying on the street. The podcast is the best show. Really you just walk around and you hear people I've been told that just chitchat just over here and I, hear I, hear whispers and I hear chatter, isn't a hipster coffee shop, the other day and I, just overheard people saying h3 podcast, it's the best show you see true story. Well, are you kidding no well, then people do say that on the street they come and they say hi Ethan I'm, a big fan of show. It's the best show it's my favorite show and did they say to me I, don't know why you don't have even more views. They said to me cuz, it's so good. They say I'm like well, if you say so, but but and short bells fine, so those good news, god Trish Trisha, [, __, ], I'm, so tired, it's a hour and a half. We should talk about Trisha she's, so crazy girls, [ __, ], insane Trisha Trisha. What's your last name, Peters Vedas? Oh, she came at me on Twitter. First of all, we need to start here. I made a joke about China, because I was all worked up about China and I said excuse. My bluntness, but the Chinese government can suck my tiny Jewish dick as she was quipped knew it was tiny. That's what I said. I just said that dum-dum, you confirmed her suspicious suspicion, yeah, but I'm self-deprecating, huh, okay, new was tiny. Well, she should know since she's uh. Apparently she came out recently as a trans, a male so I guess she was know something about small penis size. Although I bet you Trish's got in a large [ __ ], that's bigger than my [ __ ] she's got one of those weird girl right. I've got like an engorged lid. It's like the size of a [ __ ] like she's, probably got gnarliest genitals. Do you know what I'm saying exactly mark? No, we can talk about this I'm just saying she knew it was tiny, yeah. Well [, __, ] I knew you had a giant [ __ ]. Look like the size yep bigger than my penis. That's right! You've got a 10 inch clip. You are trans male anyway. Let's continue on, she goes. She goes uh. She came out as trans she what the [, __ ] and then look at this shot she's. What are we doing here? Danna did Dan. You left a really funny note. I'll read before we talk about drew, he goes she'll wait. Did she remove her original? Because this is the apology for the original know the original still up, or at least as it it was up as of Wednesday I thought she took it down, but she's got like multiple channels. I didn't know, yeah, that's the first sign of like and Sandy when you have like. Don't you have like for like yeah like soon ice has like shoenice a Samar shoenice oatmeal eating a shoe nice eating deodorant look he's got like yeah. I do have four channels, though so I should not criminate myself. So oh wow got a lot of views so joke's on us, I guess: I am I'm transgender female to male. 3 million views nice nice ratio like dude. You know it's good when she's on her kitchen floor who the [ __ ] decides to make videos on the kitchen floor like I, have a shot of her ice tray bro. Is she sitting on the floor? That's what I want to know. Yes, sound, like a little snow like a little she's on the floor of her kitchen yeah. How could that be the optimal place to shoot a YouTube video? Did you know what I mean anyway? She may she pulls it off so brave. She can set back a movement. She lets in a moment where she's like I, guess she doesn't do any cuts. I forget what it's like the cut, cuz I did some podcast like I mean this is all the kind of [ __ ], but the transgender community so like I should be for it. Stopping me was like I always thought. Oh, my gosh, am I trans and I know like I know, I had to make trolden stuff in the past and so know what people think there's like a trolling video I've known like I've like come out as like gay, before I proposed, bisexual before mmm, and that's kind of why I have issues in general, which is terms in general and labels and general like male/female, gay straight, but because you ever you replaced Soulcalibur, there's that one wild-ass Soul Calibur bondage dude, maybe I shouldn't, do this on this one bondage fighter, you gonna know them so it to give people some Bulldog, Bulldog idea a little explanation of the video cuz I did watch it, and this is why you watched it will then go ahead anymore. She just kind of describes like a lot of people. She says: I, don't know some days, I, don't wear makeup and I. Just were comfy clothes, Tran I mean she's. Trans I really relate to man and I like to hang out with men more than women mm-hmm, and so therefore she thinks she's a guy. Well, people have always thought you were trans healer, so trance Cal, Trans skeleton. So maybe that explains cuz. You were saying you you identify out for what which what she was saying. Yeah I do but and I don't think it's that crazy and I. Think that's like that describes a lot of you think you just call that like a tomboy but you're, not even a tomboy you're, just not girly, just not that girly I, guess yeah yeah! Well, that the pair the trans, no she's what that means actually is you're a female-to-male trans. That's so crazy got her a great clicks, though anyway shoot so she caught a lot of [ __ ] for it, and then she issued an apology, video for her. It's like a trilogy like she saw this. Look at that shot, Bay bad! That doesn't look trans to me. That looks like a female this shot. That's like she's, not on the bathroom anymore or the kitchen. Is that a top or a bra or like what is that dude? That's a lot of cleavage! Bro, like it's like a cleavage cam like if you it it's like half of the shot or even more is just cleavage. Do you know what I'm saying yeah yeah it's pretty obvious anyway, when she made that first, one she's like okay, so I'm gonna post this one I'm opposed to apology in two days, she's finding out her whole week of posting videos. I, don't really know if she was planning all this because she's crying the whole time I, don't think she's enjoying it overwhelmed by the well dude she's. My roller coasters issued more apology, videos than anyone, I've ever seen on YouTube and she's crying in every video, though like let let me look at her. Oh this is her just pull up her channel in the video yeah. Exactly it's honestly hilarious. It's just all the thumbnails look, ela they're, all she's crying and everything. Oh yeah. Her video today was borderline personality disorder, crying I'm, questioning, crying apology crying here, I'm not doing well at all, crying don't put a bra on me. Okay, but don't okay, I won't I'll! Never do that! Oh she I was gonna, be like wow. She was she I was a laborer works on the bottom riot yeah. Well, there's -! Look how wide I don't know if I'm really happy crying. Why fat, shaming works? Oh [, __ ], that's a hot! Take crying! Wasn't that your take that she's not matter? Oh yeah, the ground virus reality right um. That is a very graphic thumbnail. Frankly speaking, but she's, probably you can't see her face when she is probably crying. Let's get off screen. I! Don't want see that here she is eating a bucket of chicken here she is eating Popeyes. Well, we do that to everything. I'm bouncing well, yeah, I, didn't, say, there's anything wrong with that. I just said: I want to save these for later to watch everything wrong with the vlog squad, part to fighting back tears. Oh hear that yeah she got the crying emoji in the damn thumbnails the whole internet is laughing at me because of this viral video. These thumbnails actually are fantastic. I was just a titties right there, showing you the goods. Imagine nothing that's incredible here. She is kicking back some pasta she's a MOOC banger. Did you know that, yellow no, she doesn't MOOC Bank she's, almost like the female shoenice, if you think about it like like, if she she's like one deodorant bar away from being shoenice like if she just lost one deodorant bars worth of brain cells, she would be shoenice. You know, yeah, there's a lot of fun, Korean, fried cheese for the first time. Well, that's exciting of I'll, save that for later and ready to date again cry anyway. You get the idea. I mean I. Could look at these thumbnails forever. Frankly. Well, it seems like there was less drama, yeah she's having a hard time yeah, or at least the crying is working for her because look at the view, good apology, I'm questioning personality disorders, hot everyone's talking about that her beef with me did really well for her. Where was that one? Do we miss that where's, the one where she called you like a she said that you need to be on one of the other channels. Like I said, she's she's got a few, because this was a lot of subs. This was like a dim I think this one has no nose, but she has another one. That's just her name. That also has quite a few, and there was some [ __ ] on there too. It seemed like it was all the same kind of content, she's like what the difference is she's like no. No, this one I shoot on the bathroom over my kitchen floor, my living room, yeah, this one's less popular but equally active here she is eating in and out. Well, that's fantastic behind the scenes of the eating the Korean fried cheese in my car, excellent, alright, yeah Allah zone. The main show here folks, now she's I, want to hear the apology. Don't you and just I'm overwhelmed by the amount of backlash. I, obviously I put out that video and in no way did I, think I would get so much backlash and he and I don't really think whenever you watch this time. This is honestly 90 minutes, cuz I, just I. Never on the Chinese government. You can I control everything Dannan. What? Why is this truck? Why do you not watch this? It's not. Are you not taking this seriously? Are you not taking her pains here, not interesting? Who cares about her I hate that we're feeding the troll' right now, honestly, why we feeding the troll', because it's still fun everybody's having fun making fun of Trish she's like shoenice but didn't eat, deodorant bars but she'll, be like she'll, be she'll, be dumb like she'll she'll she's, like 10, 15, 20, IQ points away from being sure nice I swear to god, there's something about glue, ei too much glue or something where's. Your comment, you said Oh Dan said genuinely. Why are we having this dumbass troll on the show he said just for you, he says: can we invite an actual trans youtuber like contract points? Instead, if it sucks yeah, we can have conscience points gone down assuming she wants to come on, but maybe maybe we'll shoot for that. What do you mean a real trans person, though she's she has a [ __, ] dude. She has a five-inch clip bro Wow, well yeah. What can I do it's a real thing, I've seen it before it's I've, never seen that before. Where Bob, you know, wherever you see stuff like that, I mean Zach knows what I'm talking about he's backing me up right: Zach, yeah, yeah, Trisha, I'm, gonna read your notes, Tim, because I don't know you to personality. Trisha Paytas set off a series of disapproving social media reactions Monday after claiming to be trans, despite identifying 1,000% with her birth, gender checkmate I mean that that's a direct quote from her. That's not editorializing still checkmate. The video is about 15 minutes long begins with Paytas warning that people might think I'm trying to be offensive or setback the movement. She appears to identify as transgender a part-time basis saying identify as a boy a lot of the times and I penetrate other people with a giant engorged [ __ ], that's like bad. Sometimes people on the train think that I have an erection, but it's just blank gorgeous glad is so vulgar, I, don't like saying it, but I don't know how else to describe it. She has created an ongoing series of controversial and attention-grabbing videos. She previously appeared a video while wearing underwear on her head claiming to identify as a person. What does that mean? I mean not to identify as a person to wear comment. She also is claimed to identify as a chicken nugget I. Remember, several I mean I'm just reading. What's here over several since deleted videos, she allegedly appeared in yellow face well for portraying a Japanese chicken nugget. Those are two separate statements. Okay, the chicken nugget in the Shia's claims to identifies a chicken nugget. She appeared in a video and yellow clanks ear and yellow face. That's what I want I'll try and find it. Thank you a conversation. That's how this really ship works. I asked for yellow face Patricia, and you make it happen. Why the hesitancy you don't want to see the chicken nugget face. It's it's not something else. Why are you complaining because he wrote it in the same bullet point she's evolved from an article editorial she's appearing in yellow face as a Japanese started, the implication that she's racist right the racist moment. Yes, honestly well go ahead and find that oh wait, I'm looking for it, I'm not seeing it. Okay, well we'll work on that next week and then, finally, we're nearing the end of our episode. Obviously I mean again who's already I think it was over before it started. Yeah. That's hoping he has some good content for us for next week, because this is a low-quality bro, Tiger belly, [Laughter], okay, kids, no squeak, we're gonna watch a movie yep, okay. Finally, you guys recall how I was talking about three beats. Slide was coming at us. They were trying to three beats slide. Their way did anything happen. Well, any updates. No, it takes ten days to get the video back and then oh, it has to go by in good luck at the point like then, thank you, bye, good luck, I do appreciate and Godspeed and don't forget the belt Delphine spit huh I got a piece so bad and in short, I do want to. Oh, my god, I like forgot that Tricia was on the screen and I was like, oh god. What is that when I looked at a TV, like? Oh, my god, anyway, let's get her out of here. So if you go to this is dedicated to the three beats slide: okay, I direct. All of you to go to copyright, dot-gov, slash, fair use; okay, these are all published cases of fair use and the American law lexicon. These are case studies going all the way back to the beginning of time. You're going all the way back to 1841, then 1950. That's strange! That's a big gap! This is everything. Okay, not a lot guess who is on this list. 2017 is the year one poor son of a gun step to me this, like I, haven't done a song yeah its historical. My name is Matt Hussein, Zod and I sued, the man I, don't know and I'm the poor bastard that shot him, not I'm. Chyna, Hussein, Sodom, Saudis, I decline, mother Fricker's, 2017, fair use, found you see this copyright dot gone mother Fred. You want a step to me, dude I'm, on this list. Do you understand that I'm, an activist I'm, a fighter I'm a winner, I know what I'm doing you dare take down. My video and I'm took on Hussein's Atta, the great parkour boss. You dare challenge me: Ethan climb, climb Ethan and he look line. We were both defendants when I beat I, beat him in the courtroom and now I'm challenging you officially Hussein sought it on the our core course not office. Oh, are you going after him? Was we going after three slide right, I'm, getting carried away? You're, fine, Matt, we're all good! That's what I earned the bridge? What if he watches our show I, don't think so. You think he's moved on yeah I, think so too, which is good is for the best I think that was I. Think that was traumatic for all of us mm-hmm. That being said, he did. He was the catalyst for all of it, but I think it was stressful for him as well yeah, but at any rate, who's a three-beat slide. I'm just saying I'm a published I came up with a question. Isn't this amazing you? What is this show? Is this watchable this podcast? Yes, that's your question. It's a podcast I, don't know with people - yeah. Yes, it's what I mean I, don't know apparently I'm being. Apparently it is watchable people watch it. I, don't know about this specific episode. Let's leave a comment. Just tell us, did you watch this part when we talked about when Ella asked another question? What's the the key word, the key word leave in the comment. The key word is. The key word of this episode is free. Oh yeah, Zach. Thank you. The keyword of this episode is five inch and gorged mega Clint Zach. Why didn't you say it? You wrote it. He said Clint I didn't know how you were gonna feel about it. You didn't say it because it's still vulgar to say yeah. This is a weird episode. I agree is this yeah I also have the same. I share the game same concerns. You did I'm tired. We didn't start till three, we're doing all kinds of [ __ ] this morning. I would didn't have enough time to prepare that I usually do because we'd we're at Disneyland. All yesterday, I was screaming all day. My voice is [ __ ] up it's Friday. There was a fire burning down. Half the city yeah, it's a little tough okay thought your question, but you guys won't smear. The judge tell us what you think this episode. Maybe they like it, cuz it's off the cuff, that's wild and just so down to earth it James breaking all the rules. Yes, it's off their realm, it's off the rails, exactly people like when you're off the rails, because uh, if you just don't know, what's gonna happen next now the true test is dead. Lol. Can we do dead air, like that's the cheetah like sometimes when I'm listening to a show and for whatever reason, there's like a long stretch of dead air and you go to my phone perception like how much dead air can we hold? Do you want to test it? Okay at this point? Why not? Okay, all right here we go dead air in three two one. We didn't make a very long laughing count. Yeah no I mean they Bruin did that air when we laughed, but we did like 20 seconds or something [Music] I'm done by the way we can end it I. Just wishing Zach well heard, Zach Ian. Well, he's gone yeah, starting the music Oh. What no Riku! Thank you back, though [Music] literally that's what he was doing was that engage everybody, or we only do so next week. Is that to say to the crowd I want to know what do you have top 20 move it along to me: yeah, I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, I'm just texting something important! That's it! That's it then just apologize, then, for what exactly for a bomb as Megan Joe we ready at the end, so I mean there's no there's no bit digital value to this part of the show. Unless you actually want to watch this train wreck, otherwise you could have stopped watching when the show went over. Do you know what I'm saying like there's no harmony, Bert yeah, you could bail early Bert tweeted. He said yo h3 and ela great interview with Casey vlogging nearly caused a divorce. Oh. Thank you very all say. Oh thank thank these songs over thanks everybody for watching, appreciate you, sorry [Music]! You [Music].