- welcome h3r me I, am your leader and your dad foolish Maximus, I, say dad, because now I am a dad. Speaking of dad I'm here with the mom who fish your mini minimus minimus, poop emission. What's your what's your army name yeah, we are the army, marm marm, army, dude I, have to tell you Dan, just hit me with some smelling salts and I. Think I lost the last brain cell. That I had danced back there like with with smelling salt. Don't put this on me. This is me in and they're like yo, you got to smell this on my own right and I feel like I've seriously lost my last brain so they're like don't worry it's harmless, I'm like okay and now I'm looking up to like oh, yes, has an ammonia in it and if toxic and you've not supposed to smell it more than once in your life, you get brain damage like it's literally just ammonia, I, don't know if there's anything else, Ian how many times you hitting that bath salt I mean yeah, maybe like once a day, not too many. Are you serious bro? You should not be doing that Ian I'm, just joking, that's the second time ever, really yeah and let it be the last. Do you feel a little out of it, because I feel a little out of it when I did that before you try it too? That's why you try it. I was fine. Okay, I was fine, and now my head is swimming I'm gonna. Try to get through this bath salts tile, congratulations, everybody! We had 2 million subscribers, oh [, __, ] Congrats! This is incredible. Somebody capture the moment on our subreddit as we hit 2 million I, think it was last night of the night before there you have it. That's the beautiful moment. Congratulations everybody we're out here we're doing it we're providing that we're getting done. It's been a long journey and it's been a fun journey. It's been a journey of growth. It's been a journey of embarrassment, it's been a journey of laffs and gaffs and goofs, but we've all shared it together and I. Thank you all for this beautiful journey. I look forward to the next million mm-hmm. Do you guys have any dedications back there? I'd like to dedicate this victory to all of the to all of our haters. Oh, this is for you. This is for you guys. Do you have haters Ben yeah, probably yeah you don't that's that's funny! Yeah, since we just brought it up, they will definitely be coming out. I like that dedication to all the haters suck my [ __ ], dick, that's two million subscribers and guess what the highlights channel is: gonna pass the main channels and to all of our heads. Thank you. Thank you. Dan suck, my dirty stinky hairy, [, __, ] chode and that's right. I wipe back to front there's, probably some [ __ ] on my balls that I'd like to lick up to while you're down there [ __ ] gross. Thank you for that dedication, Dan you're right suck. It we've got a lot to get to today. Okay, first of all, Belle Delphine internet legend at this point has delivered. No. We had previously called for her to add an extra tier on patreon for her to fart in a jar and smell it, and she went a different route. What she did is she ended up selling her bathwater, which was really clever, and that was, after your suggestion, I kind of want to take credit for that at least a little bit. I mean her idea was good yeah. You can take some like I think it was the inception, but but what she did is she hit me up in the dm's and she said: Ethan I'd like this, a new package after we requested her to fart in a jar for us and I, said holy [, __ ], so we've received a package from her I haven't, opened it yet and I'm so excited. Let me tell you she put a lot of effort. This is paper that she glued on it's a cat paw and on the front it says: Belle, Delphine, mystery box, it's glued on and then on the front. I don't want to spoil anything way, it showed the bottom. What's on the bottom? Oh sure, I didn't notice that thank you her with an egg. What's with the egg I, don't want to know what she ate before she put the part in the jar for you. She does some weird [, __, ] I, don't know what she do, but without showing the content of the box. Look at this I mean this is amazing, hello, h3h3, I, hope you got my little box and know it's not my dirty socks. It's a little weird must admit, but I sent you a bottle of my own dot-dot-dot lots of love from Belle Delphine, and then she and she included a video because I was like, if you fart in a jar, it could be anything could be a stink bomb. I need a video of you farting in the jar, so she included a memory stick and a Mac Kinect there, just in case where you're on Mac, amazing, amazing dude. This girl delivers, hey, I, think she's, amazing I'm, uh I'm at for life, I, don't I, don't follow the content, but I'm not open. This is what we've got a pink ribbon and a little box tied I mean there's packing peanuts in here. I am super excited to open this later, because y'all are getting [ __ ] clickbait day, because we're gonna do it later. So don't so you better stick around for that yeah. She also heard her Instagram feed got banned, I noticed a couple days ago, I'm not really sure last night, but we'll talk about that, because we need to rally in support a belt, because she is now a friend of the show and has a special place in the heart of these fans of us. They should be army. We write our die for friends of the show, and now h3 army has got your back forever. Bail, I, don't know. What's in the jar, though, but even this effort yeah certainly certainly earns a rightful place in the age of the army, but before that, there's so much to get to this one, you know is a good place to start a friend who doesn't have Twitter sent this from her flight. It's a dude at the he's in like the fire escape where you get a little extra room and he's controlling the mother-loving, monitor with his feet, bare feet, bare foot and there's up pictures to prove someone's like. Oh, what if his arms doesn't work, so she says: huh I saw pictures. She he was walking on and off the plane with bare feet carrying his own bags. He just likes to watch TV with his bare feet. Okay, so this is what do you do when you see someone doing this besides recorded them and put her on Twitter? Would you say something I don't know, or do you just give them like a dirty look like yeah? What is good I mean at least a dirty look. Excuse me it's Apple and sugar. Excuse me, you know, sir, what the [ __ ] is wrong with you. You know that we depressing like that. If you try to say something, they'll have like a really annoying answer. They're ready. My feet are clean as your hands. Okay, sir, like they don't listen to reason at all, sir. My feet are as clean as your hands and, if you think, by touching this with my feet, is making it dirty it. Please excuse me: I need to hit some bath. Salts I mean smelling, salts, I, didn't know, I expect to hit smelling salts. Today, sir uh, what the [ __ ] is wrong with you, how late I thought I was lazy man, you know it's so obnoxious, I'm, not that lazy and homey sitting next to somebody till is that a man or a female, so I thought it was female, and then you said, good male, no I, think I I don't want to generalize, but I feel like only a female would do this. What I do disagree, I think a man would get his ass beat if it was a man was doing that I, don't think so. This is like woman spreading. This is like a woman spreading on the airplane. Well, either way curses upon this person. You know it's not that it's not sanitary. It's just [ __ ], disgust like we. We have a society where the rules can you just be a part of us like? Why do you have to yeah? We have unspoken rules, okay, hands for some things, feed for something exactly actually feeds for nothing feet for nothing feet for walking. That's it! That's the rule. You know. So let's find this person and take them out know what Dan just yeah take them out. Take them out right! Thank you! No we're! Not! No we're not gonna be doing any of that H. The Army is not actually a physical. We don't we don't take people out area. 51 is in the news, I'm sure you've all probably heard about this storm area 51. They can't stop us all. This is a new phenomenon. There's a mean page and they've got a good point. You know this is like democracy in action. In a weird way, you've got storm area51. They can't stop us all. Friday September 20th at 3:00 a.m. to 6:00 a.m. I, like that they've got a stop sign. Stop time, they're like listen, guys, 6:00 a.m. I mean let's be reasonable. 6:00 a.m. is like we're all going home by then, but you've got 1.7 million people RSVP going I'm, one of them I'm signed up to. Let's go I think this is a beautiful metaphor. If you have 1.7 million people march on area 51, what are they gonna do open fire? You know no way they're getting down there. What? If they just did, though, they just killed them just mowed down a million people like how many people do, you think will show up I. Think a hundred my brother's one of them we're spending my brother's doing on Hilde report and he's down there as he lay in Las Vegas gonna get all scientific on everyone. It's gonna, be so good he's gonna be like the bunking aliens and all these believers. They wrote in the details. We will all meet up at area, 51, alien Center tourist attraction and coordinate our entry. If we Naruto run, we can move faster than bullets, let's see them aliens and he's got a really good point. I think if even one percent of those that are RSVP'd, which would be 17,000 I, don't think they're gonna stop 17,000 people unless they straight-up open fire, in which case what do they think they're gonna see them aliens? Isn't it just like desert? Well, it's underground, exactly how they're gonna get in they gotta get on the elevator. That's true! They would end up just hanging out above-ground very easy. They gotta come out sometime. You know what I mean they can't stay down there forever. They got AC inside these guys are gonna, be out in the desert and, unfortunately, the event does end at 6:00 a.m. so yo I just found ABC interviewed the guy who created it yeah and here I just linked it. He looks about exactly like you expect excellent. Let's open this up he's from Bakersfield, oh boy, you were [ __, ], Naruto, weeaboo yeah. What did you wear that I didn't wear it? You would never wear it. Oh sorry, you just bright, you wouldn't wear it ignorant big difference. I, don't know you thought it was cool. Did you buy it like cuz? You thought it was dope. I thought it was like cool merch. You know it is cool merch. You never tried it on No I just thought it was cool in your room. Did you ever run the rodeo hands back I didn't know what that run was until filthy Frank did it in his videos, I'm sure you put that headband on Iran Naruto, all of your neighborhood people kind of want to know. What's in there I think a lot of people are gonna show up just because I just cannot be serious, but when people do show up, though I'm working with some great people we're planning something really cool out there. So I think last time, I checked it is like three million people, I just homey feel like it's no small number. There was one gentleman's got to find this guy I said I made I thought was just completely wild. He can't run straight yeah what dude he can't run in a straight line. He does like a little ninja hop off of a log or something dude had to stop, because he was about to run off the road. His speech game with each head, bro, okay, Wyatt, okay, that was trippy, I'm glad we watched that damn. My brother's gotta find an interview that guy Dan can you bring in the bath salts it's wearing off. We already used all the rest of them. Here's where just been cranking on them back here. We need to explain what it is. I don't want people to think that no it's just anything! We do not bath salts. First of all, this is a big difference. It's smelling salts, you know when you see someone faint, they put it to you in those and they snap out of it whatever this is where they're meeting by the way I put in the address. This is straight from Google man, where they're gonna miss is where they're meeting area 51 alien Center, that's amazing. So this gift shops gonna be super stoked. We're probably never to open it three em. If they are that day this day they are they're better. Oh there's a broth, wait, sorry, alien, cathouse, brothel! Sorry. What sorry? Ladies look like that out of this world? Their habit. Are you you don't get the pretty girls out there at the at alien paddles that a I looked up like the the route like the way to get out there? Wow and the logistics are I mean there's no way even like a thousand people could get out there yeah. That's what my brother was saying: it's like a small one, Road highway, because it's a mill, it's like a single lane and it's a dirt road traffic for a lot of it. But I I truly do believe that is so cool. It's kind of dumb alien cafe, there's a bridge. There's a brothel! You can go, get some dinner, [ __ ], a chick, some nasty desert chick. She probably got sand in her China I like that star. Would you [ __ ] a desert? Chick, oh I, wonder what's the rate she takes off her underwear, it's just a bunch of sand, but I think it there's gonna be like a hundred people, I, don't I, don't think! There's gonna be many people guys, although just gonna hang out here, I mean this. This store is kind of popping Gatorade, but do you believe this [ __ ] I mean this is amazing. This is what I want someone just wrote it in a sharpie out of space outer space vodka. You can buy a shot. What world are we living in? They have a bottle and they say you can buy a shot for ten bucks. Oh, is this a little shot model? Okay? What size is it? That's not that a nice shot not where I come from. That's a lot of alcohol. I know these desert people, drink area, 51, alien, Center man, it's crazy, so that's exciting, I'm, very much looking forward to this September 20th from 3 a.m. to 6 a.m. be there or be square. My brother's gonna be out there interviewing and seeing what's going on, I hope he doesn't get murdered. I'm gonna tell him to keep a safe distance, but I wanted to interview people. It's it's it's exciting here, there's a little news report about it too. You know they always get it right. You know when the news reports on something like this. They always get it right. Good idea of storming area 51 this. Yes, you will never explain YouTube as long as you live, you cannot explain what's happening on YouTube they're, trending page, it's such a nightmare as just clip bait, but it appears the US Air Force is taking these threats seriously. National security, correspondent, Jennifer Griffin, shows us tonight from the Pentagon. It was a joke, but one the Air Force is taking seriously a Facebook post. An avowed fake, designed to get likes, announced a plan to raid the Air Force Base in Nevada, known as area 51, which has been at the center of UFO and alien conspiracy theories. For decades, more than 1 million people have signed up for the storm area 51. They can't stop September in which the post declares we can move faster than their bullets. Let's see them alien yeah. You forgot, the Naruto run part dumb, dumb, no probably some typos yeah. If we, if we now, if we Narada yeah to spook the Air Force, which doesn't use the term area 51 to describe the 2.9 million acre live-fire training range, the largest in the United States, located at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada. One of the many reasons Air Force officials- don't want people to trespass on the base. They are worried, some might be killed quote I want to be surprised. Some idiots die yeah, but there's gonna be a couple. People that take it too far and they're gonna die yeah. It's probably the aliens they're trying to protect the secrets, but either way, there's gonna be some dumb thumbs to take it too far. I think they're, probably you two people trying to get lights to they're, really good at just stopping yeah exactly they got their eyes on the cathouse alien brothel legally, no military installations or military training areas is dangerous. There has been renewed interest in UFO sightings. Sensitive military has spent 22 million dollars to research UFOs and announced new classified guidelines for how its pilots should report them. Last month, the Navy briefed several senators on Capitol Hill about UFO encounters like this one [Music] f-18 training mission. Four years ago off the east coast of Asia going an unidentified aerial phenomena. You have objects that are doing things maneuvering in ways without any obvious sign of propulsion. It's not clear. The 1.1 million Facebook followers who said they're going to storm area 51 are real and not Russian bots. Okay, that's very wise! Me yeah! I watch till the end and then all of a sudden she's hitting me with why the [ __ ] would Russian Box be RSVP'ing. Yes, does she think in her mind if she thinks it's like a real military invasion, the Russian boss RSVP'ing, yet the Russian bots are creating civil war at area, 51 yeah fantastic. That really threw me for a loop. Thank you. So actually, though, that got me going down a rabbit hole I had heard about. By the way. Do you think there are aliens in area 51, stupid you think's, going on at area, 51 I'm I totally thought that it was all [, __ ]. You know, there's nothing there right! Well. If there was ever anything there, they moved that [ __ ] long ago, right, yeah, that's been the rumor since, like the 90s right yeah, they got smart by now yeah, although maybe Dan, it's a reverse, reverse psychology, they moved it and then they brought it back because everybody's like oh, they probably moved it hide in plain sight: it didn't Item, plain sight baby. Maybe the people that work there are [ __ ] aliens bro and they use that brothel. Okay, whatever okay yeah are there. Anyone probably not I, think it's just a military and like that in general. So in general, I'm, a non-believer I do not believe that extraterrestrial life has visited this earth just because from a physics standpoint- and you know, if you ask more like I all astrophysicists and physicists, that I've heard asked they always say no, because as far as we understand physics, it's just not worth the effort or really possible for me what I don't understand is if something like that happened. Why would there only be like conspiracy theories and only like some weird photoshop's? Wouldn't there be like some evidence that you cannot question right and that that's something that a lot of the scientists say too? It's like you, have all these first accounts of people who are apparently abducted by UFOs. Yet nobody ever took a photo. Nobody ever took a video nowhere. No-One ever grabbed something off the alien ship. You know it's just and it's always some Hicks in the middle of nowhere who got a finger in their ass. It's like bro, you sure you weren't just at a rest. Stop like aliens, don't come to Italy yeah. Exactly are you sure you were just a little drunk at a rest, stop and got a little wild with your friend now you're trying to cover up what was that I only put a problem, I asked yeah right was your friend Billy you've liked it, so no I've never really believed it and trust me. I would like to believe there's nothing cooler, -, I loved x-files, it's a it's a problem with motivation, - like if you're an alien, a civilization, that's so advanced that you can do interstellar travel. You can defy what we know as the laws of physics, which is that when you travel beyond the speed of light, it dilates time so much that by the time you get here, your civilization is already moved on thousands of years. That's unfeasible or the other possibility of great space travel is wormholes where you travel through the fabric of space, but still, as far as we know, there's no way to communicate to them. We don't know how you travel through or go through wormholes. We don't know it seems like a great improbability and if with an alien civilization with that great of technology that is so far beyond us, I just don't understand the scientific need to come here to observe us why they, we would be so far below them. Evolutionarily they didn't make it here. Why would they just fly into a little trick in the air and right do some loop that he do loop and [ __ ] Hey? Are you doing uh like some drone like showing off his? You know if they're, that far ahead of us one, we would never detect them in a million years if they, if their goal was to not be seen, we would never see them. I mean we're talking about these guys are so evolutionarily beyond us. That I mean we're like frickin. You know, monkeys plus less the monkeys to them. They probably have AI. You know what I'm saying they've got all like: I mean we're ants to them. If they can do that, mm-hmm, so I can't see and I can see why them coming here and studying us would be of any benefit to them, and I can't see that the resources of Earth would be any benefit to them, because, if you're living in another solar system, you have access to unlimited resources on comments and other planetary systems, way closer to you and way easier to get then going through a wormhole and traveling to earth. I mean there's Comet zipping around space, with unlimited amounts of water and or and minerals, and if you're, that advanced you're using solar power, you probably have you probably have a machinery around the Sun harnessing power of the Sun. There's no reason to go to that great length. In my opinion, the only thing is like maybe an unmanned drone. How do you can even communicate back mm-hmm? How do you send communication back? Can you send it through a wormhole? It just doesn't really even as a thought experiment it's hard to imagine, but then again I acknowledge the fact that if they're that far in advanced, you can't really appreciate where their minds are at anyway. That being said, I didn't really believe, but man there's some listening. This area, 51 should I remember a couple years ago in the New York Times, the Pentagon released a lot of interesting information about UFOs, and so we did a little research kind of following up this story and was really interesting back in May. It was reported that for the first time the Pentagon acknowledged that UFOs are real and military pilots had seen them a lot, but they emphasize they are not saying they're aliens just that they don't know what they are. For example, here's a video, the Pentagon released of an f-18 tracking, a UFO similar to the one they just showed. I think this is just the full version is up. Oh this one is actually a different one right, yeah, there's multiple what they really [Applause]. So it's like a small cylinder object. It's moving really quickly, though it's like rotating. So is this a different video? Damn it I guess is a different incident right, yeah from what I understand when I think that this was actually originally reported in 2017 and it's just recently. There was like a big follow up to it where they interviewed a bunch of these pilots that had seen it but yeah I. Guess it's it's a relatively common occurrence for these. You know jet fighter pilots to see these weird things that they don't know what they are doesn't mean they're aliens but they're. Seeing something and I mean this is the video of one of the instances of it happening so so the Pentagon confirms the existence of a 22, million-dollar UFO program, although to be all so I mean that sounds like a lot of money, but twenty two million dollars nothing government, absolutely nothing! That's like a couple of flights. One of these planes cost like three billion dollars to make, but anyway it's really interesting that they even burnt they came out and which is so cool in a way because it it does show some level of transparency where they're, like hey, we're. Actually acknowledging this we're doing that yeah I'm sure conspiracy, theorists will be like oh well, they're just doing that to throw you off the scent, whatever I don't know, I'd done either way, it's really cool that they came out and talked about this program. So Dan you have written here. Many high-ranking people in the federal government believe aliens have visited the planet. What is the source for that? That was, that was in the New York Times article I, just kind of bullet pointed the the main takeaways from from their reporting. So when you see high-ranking people in the federal government we talking about like military are, we talking about elected officials was I, mean uh military, that a lot of people were speaking under anonymity, as they always do in these kind of things, though, I don't think they were singling out individual generals or anything that believe it, but apparently they're there. There are some within the military that think aliens are real, and so it says it further says. Military pilots have recorded videos of UFOs, with capabilities that seem to outstrip all non-human aircrafts, changing directions and accelerating in ways no fighter jet or helicopter has ever accomplished and they're saying that article that, during like between 2013 and 14, they were seeing it every day every day, mm-hmm, where these things would be out there all day is a quote from the military guys in that New York Times, all right, that's so crazy. They never figured out what it was at least as as of now at least not publicly. So this is the part of the trips me up the most. It says in a group of buildings in Las Vegas, the government stockpiles, alloys and other materials believed to be associated with these UFOs. That's the trickiest part, and not that's it from the New York Times, to which I mean that that seems straight out of a movie says they have, as we reported in the papers, some material from these objects that is being studied so that scientists can find out what accounts for their amazing properties this technology of these objects, whatever they are. When asked what the materials were. Blum Blumenthal responded, they don't know they're studying it, but it's some kind of compound. They don't recognize. This is just so bizarre yeah, and so what they're saying is they have some kind of alloy from these UFOs, but how? How can they not know what our feel like in this day and age? It must be so simple to know what metals there are in it or if they're unknown metals they should I mean. Are they saying that there's unknown metals in it yeah and I mean when I was researching this? This was the part of the New York Times story that had the most pushback from the scientific community, because I guess that in particular to a lot of people was just like that doesn't make sense. We could definitely figure it yeah unless they're saying it's unknown, but even then I mean you know. Ah it's just so cryptic. You know yeah and they don't really specify how they got a hold it it's like. Did they shoot one of these down like how the hell do you get the yet lit here right? Clearly, they got some of the metals so they've recovered, so they must know what it is. Otherwise, how do they know where it came from? It's all very bizarre, but it's to me it seems more likely that it's like [ __, ], Chinese drone or some [ __ ], it's possible. You know, I mean what other governments could make, something like that China. That's it pretty funny about it. Yeah who a Russian bought I mean it could be the Russians about those [ __ ]. That's seen their focus on internet, more likely. I'ma focus on controlling that that does seem to be a counter. Theory is that this whole thing is [ __ ] and it's all cover for them kind of subtly, letting some other government know like hey. We know what you're doing you know wink wink. You know what I meant that I don't buy because they would just say they're, like yo dude, there's what we know you're. We see drones, [, __, ], right, yeah, yeah, I, don't know what the advantage of doing it. That way would be so I think I mean guys, but look, but like Occam's razor right, you have to consider which two possibilities is the most likely, and it's probably that one do you think that it's aliens visiting from another solar system, probably a drone, so far advanced that they can travel beyond the speed of light, yet also still be clumsy enough to be detected by it, humans, trapped daily and being their alloys being recovered, or is it some Chinese spy [ __ ] I mean come on this Chinese spy, [ __ ] isn't way more likely. True, yeah I just feel like if it was alien stuff it just wouldn't be such a mystery. It would it'll be like obvious in daylight and everyone's like yeah, yeah and scientists will know and everything it won't be like a conspiracy, yeah you're, just be it's all or nothing they wouldn't detect it or they would intentionally be detected. Yeah I, don't know I just like if I start going down this whole thing, I just feel like too much like a conspiracy theorist. It's fascinating either way and I as much as I want it to be. Aliens are real and you know there's always these alarmist, who are like Oh aliens, are here too they're day. Next, you know what we got to take a break right then yeah, it's done! I do want to talk more about this, but take a quick break and we'll continue the conversation when we come back so stay tuned. Everybody you've heard us talking about honey and the beautiful magic that it does for you online today. I want to show you in this little tutorial here. There are very special sole sponsor they're making this extra episode possible, so walk with me through a honey journey, join honey, calm, /, h3, I'm gonna. Show you just how easy this is to join. Install, save money immediately, add to Chrome it's frickin free, add to Chrome, bada-bing, bada-boom, add extension and guess what you're cooking with fire and honey yeah. Okay, how easy was that ela back me up so easy? Now, let's go over to Amazon, okay I'm! Here, let's check out. Oh this badass keyboard Corsair, let's check the prices. Look at this: oh, my goodness, you can save $17.30. By clicking this, you see there's another merchant who's selling it for cheaper than the one that amazon shows you and it doesn't stop there. Look here, for example, here's another one. You know I mean they're, really just endless Jake, Paul's I didn't know he wrote a book. It's not loading. Come on Jake Paul's buck. What the [ __ ], you really gonna mess this up. For me, Jake Paul's book is not loading folks, but let's see you can listen to it, what the hell so where to begin where'd. It begin right when I was in high school I I hated. Turning to page 1, all I thought about was we're. Gonna write ahead, read about your life. 18 I mean how much of a narcissist you have to be to write a book about your life. I was going to the books were big and the premise he's complaining. You believe this [ __ ] anyone ever written a funny textbook I ever in many funny things inside textbooks, but that's not the same thing. Jake I! Don't think this is a book you gotta get real Jake. Well anyway, you can get a great deal on Jake's book. Oh no, you get the best deal. So sometimes you get the best deal and it wasn't a hardcover yeah. Maybe it's the hardcover you little discount here, but check this out. Jake Paul I got a. Can we continue the sample almost couldn't narrate the rest of this. So where do we begin when I was so anyway, I'm gonna keep that playing TV. Everybody loves Apple TV. Let's see what kind of price we got. There $200 usually save 20 bucks at a town and I'm telling you it's like this all over Amazon and okay, I'll stop Jake Falls, sorry guys! Let's try to keep it spicy, and not only does it work on Amazon, it works on tons of huge websites across the internet, I'm talking about Amazon, eBay, Game, Stop, new egg raiser, and so many more and and if you head on over to Teddy fresh com, we've got a 15% coupon for anyone that has honey installed. Let's add here's a shirt that I'm wearing right now. If this is good to the next weekend, let's get an XL, because you know your boys extra, large and thick and voluptuous just this weekend. Just this weekend think you'll just add the pants cuz. You know your boy had to do it to them and let's get the hoodie to complete the look. That's a nice little haul! There you got the pants. You got the pant, the hoodie. Let's check it out! Maybe now this one honey does it's magic. It's gonna apply, found a coupon. Let's see what happens. H3 podcast, we just saved twenty three dollars. Do you see how easy and seamless it is? You can go to Teddy fish right now, get all you want and do a big ass haul. Look at this one saved eleven bucks on the hoodie, save ten bucks on the pants for a total of doesn't say the max I'll. Let me crunch the numbers here guys: that's about 20 bucks, ok, I, just crunched the numbers guys it's that easy go to join honeycomb, slash, h3h3, thanking them for supporting us and making this extra episode possible. Thank you guys. Please, for water, sponsor god, boss, ok back at the show, welcome back Jegs, three-nation, I, just sniffed five packets of sniffing salt, no I didn't what psychos, what did they doing carrying around sniffing salt I've, never even heard of it, but I was saying. Stephen Hawking had this theory because we were blasting out messages trying to contact extraterrestrial life and he's like guys. Maybe this isn't a good idea? Maybe we don't want to be giving away our position and the galaxy, because these hot these aliens are maybe hostile, they may come harvest our resources. I! Don't subscribe to that because again there are so many resources on comets and other planets. Throughout the galaxy I mean. Why would they need to come to earth? Do you know what I mean what's special about earth other than that there's life here, I, don't think, there's anything special about earth other than that there's life here, maybe maybe our environment is very habitable and they want to live here. That's the only other thing I could think of I feel like we could be friends. We could check. That's what I'm saying you don't come all this way to [ __ ], my [ __ ] up I! Don't anyway, if there's aliens out there I think they're dope, because I think to make it that far in the evolutionary chain, you have to be a little bit team oriented right unless you're an AI, then they'll [, __ ]. Like then they'll just take us out the Borg hello, all right. Let's move it on, shall we we've got two big stories to get to. We've got that bagel boss, you guys have all heard about the little bagel boss. We've got his whole journey mapped out and it has an epic journey. It's an odyssey, the bagel Odyssey. Let's talk about the bagel Odyssey here now this guy Chris Morgan a very small little man. How tall is he like? Four nine he's he's just he's a little dude for sure and he's starting trouble at all places, bagels or dude the journey this guy's been on. If you haven't heard about this you're in for a treat, because this guy goes from getting body slammed at a bagel store to like signing contracts. Yeah he's signing contracts literally in like three days so join me on this bagel Odyssey. Let's, let's start from the top. Ladies, like nobody said that deal here, women in general, okay, this guy's like an overgrown in cell yeah, he hates women. Well, let's play okay. That really can't be true. The bagel takedown, as predicted it didn't take much to bring down the bagel boy, but like who's, this guy taking him out that guy is kind of more insane than the bagel. Do it himself. It was really not not much of a threat. Right. I feel like this guy, had this one chance to feel like a badass in his whole life. Like me, I know, I can't win a fight against anyone, but if the bagel dude wasn't coming to me like I, take this [ __ ] guy out easy. You know what I mean so I feel like for him. He had this one opportunity to be a hero, he's probably a [ __ ] he's like I'm gonna. Take this bagel boy out. It didn't take much either yeah I see why he's got a chip on his shoulder. Even some old [ __ ] with a bald spot, can take his ass out, but you know: I have some empathy for the bagel boy because I think being that short, it has got to be tough. It is but this personality doesn't help. Of course, I mean I used to have a neighbor that was short like him, but it was so sweet and he was married with kids and, like everyone loved him, just of course it's not like everyone's, but in horsey I understand what you're saying yeah hard, but he's got this paranoid delusional thing where he thinks everyone's laughing at him because he's short, it's like bro come on you're like 45. Have you not got over that? But I? Guess he he he just can't get his. He can't [ __ ], you just can't [ __ ]! So imagine he's like 45 and you just can't. You know you can't can't put your dick in anything and that [ __ ] builds up and then you're being tackled in a bagel store, buy some old [ __ ] I, really! Don't think that people are that judgmental I, don't hate! No I, don't I, think women who are looking for someone to date are. Yes, we also overlook, looks unlike man. I agree, there's plenty of women out there that would get down with the bagel boy. Yeah, don't questions. Do you think he's put his dick in a bagel him yeah? What do you think he's doing with that bagel extra cream cheese? You know so can actually so there's another video that continues on after the fight, yeah, fantastic I, look I, love that he bounces back up in his right back to it so notice. Here, I want to point something out to the audience he slams the bagel down. He says: [, __ ], all you, then he comes back for the bagel and these he decides. It looks like he cleared out the story. Okay play Twitter, you really [ __ ], my [ __ ] up lately, man, you know probably popping usually just empty, can bagel boy I cleared it up. He goes back. He gets the baby [Music] you women, that's so scary, to have a guy like that yelling at you as a woman, yeah yeah, so the SOT. So the saga starts with everyone being like. You know what the [ __ ] this little guys losing his mind at the bagel store and it just keeps evolving. You know, TMZ found him on the street, got an interview from him. Let's watch that TMZ usually claims, so you sure you won't play that one yeah I was fun. Okay, it's newsworthy! You know what I mean enough come on. You know. I just want to ask you point-blank to your face. Are you misogynistic? No, like just you feel certain what you feel negatively about women. I won't lie of most of them yeah, because I, don't trust any other. Is that because of experiences you've had in your life? Okay, let me just ask: are you homophobic? I gage don't bother me. I can hang out with him. Just don't talk to me, especially the private parts. Okay, bro! No! Didn't this all start from nobody. You beggar shouldn't, be choosers dude. If somebody's looking to touch your dick I, wouldn't say no guy or girl. He acts like I, always love this. When these homophobes are acting like gay men are just fighting to beg for his dick, you know: don't flatter yourself bro, you should be so lucky to have a gay man. I want to touch your [ __ ]. Lastly, are: would you consider yourself, racist, no I have black friends, okay, yeah. Now, if so many Joe upsets me and he happens to be black or steal something then yeah I mean that okay. So it's a legend, oh my god. That till he just said. Are you racist he's like nah, but if a black dude pissed me off I'll call me n-word, it's so crazy man, this guy's such a legend. He ticks it all off homophobic racist. What was the other one? He doesn't know what misogynistic yeah aren't we all? What do you mean? That's not a word that his nature did you hate women so much? You really should be [ __, ] dudes. At that point, a lot of these misogynist. They have bro up with their friends and they should talk women. It's like dude. Can't you see that you two are in love. Misogyny is one short stone: throw away from full-blown Pride Parade dick out gay [, __, ] reach-around, but loving gay. Let me ask you: what is your ideal woman? What is the type of woman you're? Actually looking for you mean, looks and everything, however, the whole package? What is your ideal woman? Not honest? Not just like you green on it, bold somebody that were that appreciate some ears, more say not for life. Was he gonna say that let's go back but I love how he starts with educating, doesn't know what misogyny is [Laughter] appreciates. A man's money wants to beat it and love each other for each other and you're. Not oh, you know what I mean it shouldn't be based on the barter system. It should be based on pure love. If you attracted someone you like the company, you have good chemistry. You have similar interest yeah. You should want to have intercourse with a person because you, like the person, none of this [ __, ] and I, said in the video stop putting a price tag on everything. That's what everything's becoming? Is there any air like anything, you want to clear up right now or yeah. Just the same, that I've been saying in all the videos. Is that stop being so stuck-up materialistic stop getting offended. If we go oh you're beautiful, you hear our women women men just like I, said this. Reporter and I'm gonna tell everybody again. If you want to have a successful relationship, women and I don't mean this in any degrading way: men just wanna eat they want to have cuff sex, make good decent money, provide and and and and and do the hobbies they like we're, not complicated, but it seems like the women and many men have said this women making it complicated. So you heard out here, women we've got words of advice from the bagel boy. It's not complicated. Ladies okay, we just want to work. Make money, have sex, do our hobby. What the [ __ ] is so complicated. I apologize for this guy yeah and and also if I, tell you you're beautiful, don't get offended. I can just imagine him catcalling, like hey, hey, totes, you look good, hey Dutch! You look good. Let me put my head up: you dress I'm, only four, nine, four nine. You don't have to move. I'll put my head up. You just hate I'll get so offended, [ __, ] slap. It continues, of course, Inside Edition caught the bagel boy at the corner. Everyone's taking turns this dude Shops at Baby Gap right. Where does he buy his clothes? No, actually he's! Not that small I mean that shirt. Look at him. He looks like [ __ ] is short, but the shirt is like a regular men's shirt. He looks like willow. Remember that movie. No! He could totally be in willow about little magic, dwarves, I love that did he get their tallest female reporter. He could suck her titty without her even bending down. Do you think that a bagel shop is really the place to take out all of this anger with all of these strangers pub like innocent people around? Why not, let me admit, shooting or something that guy twice my size, that women love the bullies attacking women love use some old [, __ ] with a bald spot, damn this guy's a total, and so when in love, the big guy dude he's tiny. Look at him. Next to her he's like a magical, little dwarf he's not he's very, very, very short, but he's getting well dressed his shirts free fire, I mean I, don't really have a normal life is just yeah. Could I tell ya it's got it yeah yeah great done talking. You know why I don't really! No offense I! Don't really like you that much so this interview is over. It turns out he's posted videos of other nasty confrontations about his height on his YouTube channel. Here he is at a convenience, store I come in here to get a coffee and this jackass rapist. He deaf I, refuse to believe that clerk asked him what's his height. What's your height, this so confused this poor guy here this is an epic battle. Oh they could damn. The saga continues on my friends, the bagel boy, a New York Times, published an article learning that the man Chris Morgan lives in a van and owns, owns and runs a cleaning service home. He lives in a van okay seriously. Here he is again in the same outfit like literally, how did they all coordinate this same parking lot same outfit, that's probably where he lives, it's probably as van right. There [ __ ]. He lives there. They found out yeah crazy. He lives in a 2008 Chrysler Town and Country minivan mobile home and in its parking lot and uses its restroom Morgan, who is divorced, told the post. He lost his cool Wednesday while watching waiting for his breakfast sandwich, because the female workers were giggling and acting like they were in high school I [ __ ] like there's no way they were making fun of his I, read that quote by women being used by women going on dates. They lie. They say they like me and then they use me for my money. Bro. You live in a well anyway. The guy. Well, now, he's not gonna be poor for much longer, because he's made a YouTube page where he is gonna, be raking in the ads yeah. That was my fault yeah. Oh he's gonna be raking in the adsense because his channels blowing up Chris Morgan on YouTube twenty five hundred subscribers he's well on his way to stardom and this his trailers at back. Alright, this is Chris Morgan, the real bagel boss, man check out this [ __ ] Facebook, page fegelein, epic, trailer Wow, oh hello, don't you ever [ __ ] talk to me like that? Oh hello, yeah! This is his official channel. So let's get on over here and support your boy here he is berating the he changed. The title: Chris bagel, boss, Morgan, goes to 7-eleven. It's called this question. You know in like two weeks once at 2:00 in the morning and Farmingdale at a gas station, and now here I come in here to get a coffee and to get a donut. It's May 5th 2019 at like [ __ ] 5:30 in the morning, and this jackass right here asks me: what is my height, this guy's out? I come in here to give I give you guys a lot of business right. A lot of business I just get whoa hold on a minute. I just bring us to the counter right to pay for my [ __ ], you don't say hi how you doing. The first thing on the powder is: what's my thought, I'm a peon? Where are you from what country you from what country? Are you from I? Know: I, don't know poor guy. This guy's, like just don't shoot me right, yeah, yeah yeah, but the good news is that he just signed a deal with a fight promoter. Damon Feldman, he's gonna fight other viral stars later this month, so the bagel boy is gonna, be getting paid to to fight other people because he's a fighter apparently he's a natural fighter. As we saw in the bagel story. Boxing all right got great sauce media shirt on which that is saw that Vegas story. You really aren't ready for a play whose Anton's watch I want to know as an old meme right there wait come on. What is this and yeah? Isn't that the the you'll know window rate for a guy yeah exactly better, dating they're like 2011 memes? How did they even get ahold of that guy here? I'll show you, though, oh the guy who says uh hide your kids hide hide your kids hide your wife they've dug deep into them. Emails! Okay, I'll! Show you guys, I'd hide your kids hide your wife everybody's got it. Apparently, how surely from Howard Stern is gonna fight him, but surely is like a normal guy. I mean Shirley's gonna kick his ass I. Was that possible that he will? This is he's fighting this guy. Can't you find someone. Can you get Joey salads in the ring or something you know? This is gonna, be the least entertaining fight of all time. Hide your kids hide your wife because they raping everybody out here training. What is what is your clown here? See that one to bagel boy? Oh, do you think they'll talk to you like bagels or whatnot, or the story continues to unfold, as he was invited on stage on Wednesday night at a hip, hop show what the artist may know am I, saying that right hand, okay, guys dude is all right. This is the ultimate humiliation he's lifted up on stage like a child from the hips. All right, Nino is on stage and your boy, the bagel boy, is on stage partying I mean he's just a list celebrity right now think he's sleeping in his van on this nighter slammed his hat on the floor. He is loving, it god bless. Man he's really soaking it up he's doing the Sukkot sign to everyone in the audience. [Music] super epic thrown his hat around I, wonder how long this whole thing's gonna last I think this might be. It I think this highlight here: yeah the guy knows how to party yeah and finally, I thought it would be funny to compare so the mountain from Game of Thrones Game of Thrones. You guys know he's actually the strongest man in the world. He won the title, so I thought I would show for comparison, opposite problems: here's the mountain and his wife, cuz we've looked previously at Shaq and his girlfriend. In fact, let me show pull that up just before we look at the mountain and his girlfriend, so we've been we've opined over this picture here about like what the [ __ ] I mean. Golly right I mean come on. You don't saying if his dick was even the size of his thumb, she's in trouble. You know what I'm saying. So this is one of my favorite pictures on the Internet, but now we've got something else: we've got the mountain and his wife. Let's have a look. Yellow, oh well, we're missing! You know black calm I was joke about black. This is white white. Did too doggone dude dude arm is literally the size of her body seriously I mean licorice. She looks like she's, 5 2 and his arm is the size of her whole body. I mean god bless her she's. Really look at this picture. That girl is a warrior man she's my Sabbath of a Jamba Jain of Steel. You know what I'm saying like golly she's a cute little thing: I mean she's a really cute little sweet, looking thing and there's no way there is no [ __ ] way. It looks like a giant, you know. Well, he is enormous yeah, you better say. If there were a giant, yeah I was wonder if like if, in the future, a future civilization or aliens dig up our remains like. If you find someone like Shaq and someone like the bagel boy, are they going to even realize that it's the same species? Are they going to be like? Oh, this is there's like a whole race of little people and Giants. It's hard to believe that we're the same species, but there's there's no way I mean how can they physically have sex? This is why did a dot-com I just looked it up? He according to google, he weighs 425 pounds wow. She looks like she weighs 80 right, yeah, so I guess she's. Just she must be into it right he's only I say only it's still tallest bug but he's 69, which what that's huge? What do you mean only there's a lot of basketball players at 6:09. There are many people smaller than that is not just like massive, like for sure I. Don't think, there's many basketball players that are taller than 6 9 yeah, not many. No like there's some that are like 7 and they're, just [, __ ] freaks of nature. They can barely move because they're so tall, yet they're, just like ooh like 4 : Shaq is 7 1 yeah and he's like again right, freakishly tall yeah, my theories, the checks, not even a good basketball player, he's just tall and heavy. He just lifts his hand up I, remember watching Shaq play for the Lakers. He literally will just drop it in the net. It's like cool! So much. You know, I'm sure, he's good he's, yeah, I'm sure he's he's an amazing athlete, but I can't get over this man. I can't get over this. Her vagina must be like decide. The heard the opening must be the size of her head. Alright I'll stop, but it's fast man you have like I, mean she's, proud, so worn out by having sex with them regularly that it's just like enormous, but it's all you can think about right am I'm, not crazy. No, it definitely yeah. It's obviously like what the, how do you guys [ __ ] doing anything I mean his index Peters the size of my penis, his little pinky fingers the size, my penis on a good day, [ __ ]. How look at the waist looking at her all right? I gotta get this off the screen, crazy, huh and finally, we've got there's so much to get - mm-hmm. This document is like well just have to come back on Tuesday and tackle all these issues, because we're already running how long we going like our hour 10 ish. Okay, let's do let's do the box? Okay! Well, this is insane so Belle Delphine sent us the box after everything we've been through. We talked about her patreon. We talked about her. We watched her videos and I have to say that I was immediately impressed with her. I immediately became a fan of hers because she's funny I mean she's, she's, very self-aware, she's, very truly, and these these stinky little uh horny little virgins, I, don't know if they're virgins necessarily but there's definitely stinky, are paying out that ass to get her premium pics and to just play along, and this whole role-playing thing that she's this world she's built yeah, where I'm sure she's making a lot of money, and so I had suggested originally that she fart in a jar. She has all these tier lists on patreon up to $2,500, which is god-tier, which I'm sure there are several dudes subscribed to that area. So I suggested adding a tier above God called the fart tier in which she would fart in a mason jar, bottle it and then send it to you, and shortly after we made that suggestion, she came out with the bathwater thing which everybody's heard about she started selling her. There used bathwater, I've heard about it all over the news. It's been an even on Howard, Stern I heard him talking about it. It's like man, she is gone international and she deserves it. I I really I give her all the respect. Nora I think she's great I really do think she's great, so she started bottling her bathwater. Her used bathwater and selling it for 30 pounds of pop, which is fantastic. She did she cleaned up, but it was a great little package said she sold out I, don't know how you sell out a bathwater. He just turned on the tap. You get my bathwater he's that simple, but around the same time she hit me up in the DMS and she said Ethan. What's your address, I said all right: here we go I'm gonna smell this girl's farts, just you know there we go. I gave her the address a couple weeks pass and sure enough. Here we go, we get the boss, you checked in with me yesterday. She said: hey I just want to make sure you got the box because you know customs may have thrown it out. They did not throw it out. They give it here. Now. First of all, let's look at this box. I don't know. What's in this, dan has examined it and but I have not seen it. So, first of all, she sends in a box with a kitty paw that she collude the paper on so she's put effort. This has care and affection here it says: Belle Delphine, mystery box. She glued it on this is paper handmade handmade, so she's put working into this and she's got like a postcard here of her with an egg. Once again we spoke about, we don't know, what's the egg for but I guess that's between her and the egg. So let's open it up. Finally, so when you open it up, she wrote a personal message here: hello, h3h3, I, hope you got my little box and no it's not my dirty socks. It's a little weird I must admit, but I sent you a bottle of my own. Oh it's a poem. Oh, she wrote a little haiku for us dot, dot dot, I asked for a fart butt. Fart doesn't rhyme with admit lots of love, Belle Delphine, so here she got and she thought of everything. We've got the memory stick, but she also sent a Mac connector. In case we wear a Mac Genius. This is incredible, so these have already been pre-loaded on the computer right. Then yeah, there's a so deal that I just watch the video. So here's the package it's covered in a pink ribbon and there's a sticker that says Belle Delphine. Maybe we should open it first and then watch the video. Do you recommend that dan yeah open it first and then the video will elucidate it further? Okay, so here we go, I mean this is a super. Exciting I mean seriously tied, really nice a pink ribbon. I'm gonna, take it off very beautiful, very nice, okay I'm removing the sticker, which is sealed for authenticity. No one has ever broken into this. We need some drum rolls or something yeah. Well, okay, I see we're gonna drumroll go it's a lot of specs in here. Oh, my goodness, what? Oh, my goodness, that's a lot of liquid, took a lot of liquid. It's a lot of little milky. So what I've gotten here is a lot of liquid and it's very murky. Cloudy liquid. It looks like it's about an ounce. I know what else of liquid looks like now: cuz I've been feeding Theodore right, I will not be feeding this to Theodore. However, it's a little white. Why is it so milky? There's lots of specks around the bottle too, but there is a seal. You see how there's a void of broken seal. She put a void, it broken seal, so you'll know if it's been opened. Oh and there's a really nice handwritten card here: Wow, okay, Wow, Wow, okay, let's make sure I'm not missing anything. Yeah, I'm gonna read this to you, there's a lot on here whoa. Can you see that we could see how much was on it? Yeah, okay, I mean I, didn't open that box, because I was saving for this. So this has not been prevented. This is a cheat sheet. What's a cheat see I, don't know, I, think I'm being trolled, because the first line is I. [ __ ], hate, Stuart, Little, I, know what you're thinking this is some kind of funny joke, but no Stuart littles, a piece of [ __ ], a damn rat, got picked over actual children had an orphanage and he's supposed to be a hero. Are you familiar with the Stuart Little, or can you give me a synopsis on Stuart little just so we can have the full. Let's go for this I believe it was a book before it was a movie right. It's a beloved little piece of [ __ ] he's a damn rat that got picked over actual children at an orphanage and he's supposed to be a hero. Well, I'm, assuming the plot from that and I can't even tell you how many damn times, I've seen a great parking space only to turn the corner and realize Stuart Little has already parked there in a stupid little [ __, ] convertible. He took my wife and the kids and my house and my job I swear to [ __ ] god, I'm gonna, kill myself and take that goddamn road into hell with me. Is this a copypasta? That's what I was the Google has ruined my family last summer, I approached the miserable Mouse in the street and asked him for his autograph, because my son is a huge fan. The [ __ ] rat, gave me the autograph and told me to burn in hell later, when I gave my son the autograph. He started crying and said he hated me turns out the mouse [ __ ] didn't write his autograph. No, he wrote you're a piece of [ __ ] and I [ __ ], your mom I'm, now divorced and planning a huge class-action lawsuit against the white devil that ruined my life. Your time is almost over Stuart. All the people. You've wronged will rise against you, goodbye yeah, it's a it's copypasta, yeah, okay. She managed to fill the car in I, wonder if she planned it out, because it fits perfectly well we'll have to cherish that. Certainly I loved the egg. What's her thing with the egg? What's the explanation there? Well, hopefully, the video shed some light on this, because that did not it's not a fart. Why is there so much liquid? It looks like soapy water, if I'm being honest, I'll watch the video. Do you think it's bath water? No, no bath. Water should look like that. Well, we have a video. So let's just stop [ __ ] around now this is safe for work right then you vetted it I have vetted adjust. Okay! Here we go. I mean this is a video. This is it you ready, EULA. Yes, what so, there's no idea, no I, don't believe it wait. It's muted, so she's just drooling into a cup lots of drool and yes, a hey go face. Oh my god! Oh there's a little bit of giggling going on. Oh, you can hear I hear her doing a little Shh. Oh my god. There's no way did she really drool that much hold on. Let me go back. Cuz I feel like how do we get that much drool? Oh, my god remember when we did the 23andme. It took us forever to fill that. That's true spit thing. Dude I feel like this. I would have to pay a lot of money for this anyway. People would kill for this holy [ __ ]. That's all spit yo. This is for I feel like this is valuable, so she's laughing and smiling just until now and drooling and spitting in this jar yo. This is oh, my god. Okay, this is old. This is a lot. You touched that part. Oh, my god, she's licking up the side of the jar holy crap. Did she she back into the jar? Love this? Oh, my god and she's spitting it back. Oh, freaking, hell! So much me! Well. She clearly was at this for a while. So she put it back in her mouth and drooled it back out and now she's put the top on and twirling it up, putting all over her face, kissing it. Okay, that was Wow, my god there you go wow. That was pretty erotic, wasn't it so? Who back? There is fully chubbed right now, Zach I know you're fully chub right now, bro I'm, very intrigued right now, holy [, __ ], my job, but it's so liquidy, but I guess after sitting for a while. There is one more item in that box. What yeah? Oh the half right! So then they also included Ione Bell Delphine spit, so they made a custom hat. Unless she does this here, pact I can proudly wear this hat Wow that says I own Belle, Delphine spit no I feel like the street value on this video and the spit has got to be like at least God Tyr 2500. What do we do? It didn't sack? Are you gonna take a sip of this I won't sip it but I'll. Take it I'll, take away from it, maybe with a smile, yeah, so come in here. Zach yeah come in here and sit next to me, but you're gonna open this hill just for a sniff yeah, that's true I don't want to because it's very collectible I'm gonna sleek we can clone her someday with this. I should send us into to 23andme and see if analyze the DNA but I guess, like 50 percent, see now I'm um I'm a little nauseous wait, but like I, don't know if she like has something you want me to drink it like no I, don't want you to drink it. Okay, no I'm glad I'm glad you're up for it, though that's what matters yeah, I guess spit over the course of like a week would get diluted like this and I'll get all that's, probably like her skin and flakes and [ __ ]. Let's be real, it's probably mold growing in their little culture. I! Guess it's possible yeah! There's a lot of bacteria in the mouth. Is there like an odor coming from it? Let's see, I don't want to I, don't want to break the seal. It's void. This is a collectible I know when I go broke and that and forgotten this shit's going on eBay well hold on a second, should I break the seal. I vote for no I think that ruins well. What am I gonna do smell it right, yeah! That's not that you! What that yeah! It's not know but smelling! It is not that exciting. Let's engage, let's engage further. Let's it! That's exact, come here and smell this okay. Would you jerk off with this? Would I jerk off with it yeah I know, probably not probably probably saying, there's a chance? Well, you know when you're in that state of mind you'll do anything all right. Sure, of course, all right, I'm coming in CA I feel bad breaking the seal though, or she even get these voids cuz you're, so cool I'm, sorry Belle I have to. We have to examine the contents further yeah, that was that was I, gotta, say man. She went all out, I'm sure she just picked up a couple of patreon right now, it's too late. We have to examine this photo. She went through all the effort, so it's the least we could did you opened it so yeah. Oh there's like a vacuum seal. What it's here, listen, listen, I got really there's a wicked smell. Coming off that bro wait. Are we ready? It's not showing it's a spelling salt at least. Would that be they're not seeing him yet? Okay, but at least um when I opened it and there was a little pressure. Well, you know what happened. There's probably probably is bacteria in there. So there's a little air pressure when I opened it it spit out what the bacteria was like good enough. Guy used for yeah sourdough right exactly that's right, it wasn't gnarly. So there's like can you hear? Is that okay? Well? Okay, so hold off on that? Okay, yeah, but yeah this? This is gnarly man, I am so I'm, so blown away. It's just not what I expected at all and we've got I mean damn. What do you think about this Gila I'm? A fan of her I feel like she's, got great personality from what I can tell and she's an entrepreneur she's most definitely an entrepreneur, but I'm, not I, haven't looked too much into the patreon page because it's uh! Well, it's just there's not much to look in I do think she needs to add your dad's name as a tier on here, though, on her patreon people are gonna, want that I guess they can get it at the gud tier yeah. She should sponsor it. I love how she goes in through so much details. Yes, she went all out man just and the fact that it's a poem with rhymes. So now we know yeah but I sent you one. So now we can complete the poem I, see I, hope you got my little box and no it's not my dirty socks. It's a little weird I must admit, but I sent you a bottle of my own spit, very good man. That's crazy! Oh yeah! Yay! How do you become like this? Do you just grow up watching anime and that's what you're into I would assume, because there I've gotten into anime as an adult? It's got a picture with an egg. What does it mean? I? Think it's a probably an inside joke, probably, but as an adult I started watching anime and there's so much like crazy sexuality in it, like I've, been watching a neon genesis, evangelion on Netflix and it's about a 14 year old and every shot like in every episode is his friend who's a 14 year old girl like it's super sexual positions almost naked and then his other roommate is like a grown up. Girl who's always naked, and you have shots like from Becca under vagina. Shot is what I call an anime, so I think if you grew up watching this, which I did in you would just be like. Like my first time, I saw a girl naked was I was probably what like in a victorious CR. The first time I got charged up was like a Victoria's Secret catalog, you know, and so for kids, who grew up watching anime. They probably just got in all this. Those that make sense to me somehow I. The first thing I saw was Dragon, Ball Z, which is not like that not sexy and then Naruto, which is also no yeah, not sexy, so I'm and then I damn you could have been okay. Why girl? You could, if you would have watched the right, anime you'd, be spending a jar right now or your pastry on all right. Zack hit us with the drumroll. Actually, don't I want every sound, okay, yeah [Music] god. This is happening, no, no! No! Let it breathe because you want it. You want to get your nose in there all right, good, like booze, really yeah. This was like alcohol. It's been yeah, oh I smell. It here it smells like beer, yes like booze, because I do thinks they're back there, yeah I was drinking alcohol. No, no, you think he's just like frankbooth bet. Her bacteria would ferment, but it's got to be her spit right. I mean there's no way she did a you know what it smells like. It smells like Manischewitz hey he was going in. It smells like when we were trying to make sourdough whoa. It smells like a really pungent wine yeah. Are we being trolled? This is definitely your spit right. I mean there was the video proof and ways in which you have they think it's really I think the chunks in here is like the bacteria and possibly the yeast I'd like to know Bella fuel. If we can have an ongoing dialogue, if you were eating or drinking something, it took place. Wow that smell is incredible. Now you know those smelling. So are you gonna taste it no I, don't want you to either I, don't think it's safe, no, and not because she has STDs, but because that [ __ ] smell it's like it, actually something crazy. Well, we kept it for long enough. Maybe an alien will start. Italy just keep this and watch it like. No, no, no, no I wanted to activate. We need to set a corner here and call it area 52. Well, let's put it on the TV, so we can always see an area 52. You hear that dan set up a in area 52 rest up. Okay, that's gnarly! Dude that Wow I love eyes like a serial number on it too, and everything yeah. It's a super. What wait what's it? Is it number one? No, it's just some like [ __ ] you get on the stick, mm-hmm Wow! Well, it's not quite a fart but yeah. It's something! It's kind of better yeah, more dynamic! There's something growing in there! No right yeah! It was a fart when he opened it did I'm blown away like dude. Are you freaking kidding me? Oh, my god, all right, I better closes for again, but nuts in his panic in keep it together in don't nut in your pants. Well, okay! Zach! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for getting thinking now. I appreciate that that was a mate I'm in truly. We couldn't have asked for a better package. No, so a huge shout out to Bell and by the way her Instagram was shut down, which is an abomination. I am appalled, she's part of the h3 army and we must protect her. I have contacted Instagram, I'm, gonna, I'm, gonna contact them mm-hmm and I'm gonna I'm gonna do my best for her I mean that's outrageous. This okay, let's put this here. This is area 52 and, let's just see what happens inside feature disc remember. The Simpsons were Lisa grew like a little civilization inside of a big reader. It kind of ruins like that, something's bound to happen in there right I mean dude. That smell was wild, yep googling around right now, her count is still banned as of right now and and yeah. It does seem to have been like a concerted, I guess report bomb. Whatever you call it, why would they do that? A lot of people hate her I mean in this article. It is seeing all these tweets of people like this is the biggest win of 2019. So far, he's stupid, [, __ ], the there's just angry men, Belle Delphine, has been banned from Instagram. This is the greatest day of my life. There's really no angry meant that a girl can make a living showing her tits I can't believe she actually does so much more than that. These you know what. Why are you out to ruin her as far as I could tell she's earning a living? The most honest way possible, she's super creative I, really don't understand that the there's people that did consciously dislike her while the h3 army rides for bail I know, that's I can't say the same about thing about her mmm-hmm, except that her spit smells like fermented beer, which is in her fault. Well, how do you move on from that? You just end it here. We have a lot more to go but like I think we can save it for Tuesday yeah, that's yeah! That's a good finale! We've been going a little over an hour and a half. It looks like we're just about an hour now I'm such a I'm, a huge fan dude! Oh, you know what we should do. What if I I kinda have a good idea and you guys to you I. This is gonna happen, so you can't stop me. Okay, no, the rubber, ducky, I, don't know if we should introduce new germs. You know it's. It's! It's 100% her! That's true, right, right, right! All right! Well, okay, I'll, get me a done game! I'm gonna, be so fine to put the ducky in there all right enough of this and I'll get you a copy, so you can take it home and Terk off with it later time. Oh thanks, all right! That's all we got we'll be back on Tuesday and Friday because we ride or die. This is the h3 army, our war, there's no end to our war. It's forever war. This war goes on forever and I am your leader. You must follow me into battle because you know they're out there we got to stop them. We all need to find area 52 because that's the real that's where they keep the real, the real. They moved it all the area, 52, what you mean: yeah yeah, okay, one is dead, backup, 50 ones like Windows. You know, 95 area 52 is that new [ __ ] that Windows XP yeah, that new [ __ ] boy I, don't think XP is an issue. What's the new [ __ ] load of 10 baby Windows ex crazy? What an episode huh I mean. Look at us. Look at us, there's nothing! We can't do. We just opened a jar of spit that smelled like beer sent to us from England, Oh, Bell I, wanted to say we will fly you out and put you in a hotel. What - come on the pot? We will cover all your expenses. Let's do it you're in the UK I want you as a guest. That was his idea. It was I would like to yeah yeah. So, let's go, that's it well be back on Tuesday guys have a fantastic weekend. We wish you all the best love you. We appreciate you and I really hope. This episode makes it because we've been smelling bath, salts and watching spit porn. Hopefully we miss you guys and if not, we really did try our best good bye. Thank you. Bye, [Music],.