Two hello super troopers: this is your general fupush maximus. I am reporting for duty to lead you all into combat. Once again. My friends today is tuesday july 9th 2019. We bring you an extra special episode. We were gone last week because it was fourth of july, so I'm back this tuesday we're doing two episodes this week. This friday, we have the meme musician. Oliver trion very excited to have him here with us, he's a character and I'm sure it's going to be a lot of fun, but before that we've got a lot to get to here today. First of all, I want to thank our sponsors, who are doordash and captera, and let's just let's just get right into where's the sub there. Let's just get right into it: sup sup, sup, so man, I first of all, I want to just say disclaimer, that uh I am so exhausted from this bait. Nobody ever told me that having a baby was so tiring. Okay, if I knew that I would have still had him because he's the best, but he's a tough kid man, he doesn't his natural he's, a crier he's a crier and he's not. He doesn't sleep great. So you do the math on that sounds just like you right yeah. I know where he gets it from he's. A yeah he's a complainer all right, oh but man, it's it's so hard. When you sleeping in three hour blocks or like two or three hour blocks. You know it's not a good sleep. It's almost like not sleeping really um. That being said, ela's, not here she's with theodore the earthquakes. How about? How did you guys enjoy getting rattled by those earthquakes that was fun? Nice little ride biggest earthquake in 20 years here in l.a, yeah yeah, and it definitely felt like it about 20 seconds in? I was pretty convinced that it was about to be like san andreas right. The rock was gonna, be pulling me out of a crag, that's right! Yeah, I was I I had the same feeling where I was just kind of waiting and seeing like how big is this gonna get right? Well, it was bigger than the san andreas. It was just further away. I meant the movie. Oh, the movie, san andreas. Yes, where we're just like falling into the pits of hell everywhere, yeah that that movie ruled dude where there's like tsunamis coming into la, even though there's not a fault line in the ocean yeah exactly it doesn't matter so good ian. What how was the? How was your experience with the earthquake? Did you handle it? Okay, uh yeah? I was in a parking lot. I felt pretty good about that. Oh you were you felt safe. I was ready for the earth to swallow me. I accepted it pretty quick, were you guys scared or were you like, just wrote it out? I mean I've lived in l.a, my whole life, so I'm used to the earthquakes, but this one was scary. I mean they don't usually last that long. Like you said I mean it was about. I think I read. It was like a little over 40 seconds. That is a long time for an earthquake yeah. It was a good rumble, like you felt it was ela's. First earthquake she'd never been through it. Yeah she's from israel, those [ __ ], live on stone, right, um, the only natural natural disasters they get over. There is uh frogs raining down and boils and boils, and the ocean boiling and [ __ ] like that and first born to dying. So they have a dif. They have different kinds of natural disasters over there um, but she, I think, I think she handled it very well. Theodore, on the other hand, just fell asleep. He liked the ice. He liked the earth vibrating. He just dozed right off. Shredder was freaked out, though yeah yeah, our dog, was flipping out too yeah. That's not a that's, not something! You can easily explain to your animal. Well, shredder! You see uh, there's tectonic plates, but yeah it was. I felt, like people were being a little melodramatic about it on like on twitter, all the la-based influencers influencers. I imagine a lot of them aren't from here, so it was probably a lot of their first earthquake experience right, probably you're right, I'm still traumatized from the big one when we were kids that one was terrifying and you know after I experienced this one I was like. Maybe I'm just remembering it as more intense now that I'm that now that I'm since I was so young because this one was bigger and it was not really scary- it was far away, though it was far away, but the one I remember as a kid in san andreas in northridge, right right, yeah that one shook shook violently. I mean that one that that one scared, the [ __ ] out of me, you lived in ventura, yeah, yeah yeah, I mean that's close enough. You'll feel it. I was in west hills, so um I mean it's only about 10-15 minutes away from northridge our house got [ __ ] up was it damaged yeah we had to move out wow. So that's yeah. That's a lot yeah, but I remember that one shaking it was a violent shake where this one was more of a kind of uh tumble a low tumble yeah. You know, like you said it was just kind of like a rocking. I can see why theodore fell asleep, yeah he's like peace dude. I love this [ __ ] anyway. Well, that's what can you say you know welcome to california. They say in a mil in a couple million years, we'll be in the ocean, we'll finally secede from the united states. Oh yeah, we can have our liberal bastion. I wonder if you're just like all right. Well, we're we we've drifted into the ocean, so I guess we're just gonna be our own country. Now I mean what are you, what are they gonna do they're, like yeah sure dude. That's great! I wonder if there's just like a big-ass earthquake and the ocean just charges in to a big crater like when does that happen when it actually separates from the land [ __ ], epic dude. It happened in 1980 really what happened in 1980, uh lex luthor blew up a nuke on the san andreas fault. Thankfully, superman flew around the planet in reverse time: yeah, that's him, but yeah. That was rough. That's a movie dude! As a movie. I don't understand, look at this. You ever seen this before. I. You know that I'm in deep on the instagram, weird foods, this one freaked me the [ __ ] out what the [ __ ] am I looking at it's frog feet. Bro, it's a whole frog, that's been like battered and cooked over an open flame. You believe that [ __ ] man- I guess why not eat frogs, but my god everybody says it tastes like chicken right. I guess everything tastes like chicken in the matrix. I see. Okay, that was gross what the [ __ ]. Oh so I've got so I've got some segments here. Obviously our main segment is belle, thorne, nope, belle, thorne who's. That don't tell me that's some porn star or something weird that I just remember. Who is that belthorn is uh, tana's friend, okay, good I was like. Oh did. I just out myself watching some weird obscure porn. Well, belle delphine is weird obscure porn. So that's true. I can't goof myself any deeper than that um. She responded she hit me back. I got the dm guys slid into the dm. So I'm going to talk about that. A little bit later, we've got asap rocky got locked up in prison in sweden, we need justice. We're going to talk about that. We've got o.j. Simpson is back uh he's out there on the golf field just celebrating life after he murdered two people and got away with it. So let's talk about that um and so much more. Let's jump right into it. We've got I've got a little segment here called wrong song. Now, let's break this down. The first one is the national anthem. Okay. This was great about 9 million views. [Music] nice. You know I heard that part. Oh, you didn't hear that. Please rise! No, that part of the national anthem. You can hear people all pissed off. It depends where it is. If this is like in the rural america, those [ __ ] will riot oh yeah, it's done. Yeah dude, but I love that there's cursing in it everyone's trying to have a wholesome day at the ball game. Open up, the save pictures got a lot of safe. Please rise for our national anthem, oh tick, tock, [, __, ], it's a tick tock! The guy was just having a beautiful moment on the american flag on tick-tock yep and then once the rap kicks in he's, he backs out he's zooming in the american flag and then he's like no, no quick one, someone caught that quick! Well, that's what happens when you play the wrong song. This one is a little harder to explain this. One is so strange. I don't understand how it happened. You may have heard that bernie sanders created a twitch account and that in itself is already a strange is a strange enough thing. You know this uh community live stream. Fails yeah in a world where bernie sanders can be featured on live stream. Fails is a world that I'm not sure I want to live on, not to mention his first and only stream uh. Someone explained this to me so bye yeah. So I believe this was the inaugural stream, the first time they they did it twitch stream- and this was this- clip that we're about to watch was from the pre-show. You know they were just kind of pre-streaming on a card with um, some patriotic music playing and then um. You know I think the music was on a loop of just [ __ ], you know national anthem and that kind of stuff and then right before they went, live. What you're about to play happened. That's a slogan, not me us yeesh! I don't like the not me us, it's a mouthful yeah. It doesn't really flow. Does it not me us, okay, bernie, whatever you can come up with something better bernie hit us up, we'll we'll consult. So this is his first ever stream and do you and do you hear that they're playing [Laughter] hit us with that one? It was really low, but if you hear it, they start playing the russian national anthem. Is that right, then? Not the russian, the the soviet union, the ussr, communism, yes, which people frequently accuse him of being? Yes, that's correct! How the [ __ ] did that happen bernie. How did you play communist ussr play it just one more time, I'm gonna bump the audio way up, not me us that doesn't look good with the communism music. Not me all of us vote for bernie sanders. Communism, ussr returns. Again now I gotta say bad luck, bernie! It's not a great look, not a great look when he's got those accusations already but like how does that even happen? So the only thing I can think of the only thing that makes sense is like I said there was like a loop of patriotic music and an intern. Why does the ussr theme song get in a loop of patriotic music? It had to have been a troll. I mean that's, that's the only thing I can think somebody just put it on the playlist. So at first, when I saw this, I was like damn. I don't believe this is real, but dan went to the twitch website and showed me it was highlighted directly from his stream. It's on the twitch website. It's now deleted, but there's re-uploads on youtube, so I saw it on twitch website, so I can confirm that it's real yeah. It happened man. This is, I feel like this could single-handedly crush his whole platform yeah. Well, it seemed like not a lot of people noticed so um. I guess I was pointing it out as much. How is fox news not reporting this? I know you'd think that they would jump. I guess they're not threatened by bernie this time, because he's not really doing that. Well, he's in second place. I thought he was in third place he's in second place. I don't, I don't think bernie's got a chance. He's too [ __, ] old man. It is a big problem to a lot of people. So oh dude, I feel you he looks like do you know what he looks like he should be like uh, he looks like he volunteers at the school like watching kids during recess in fifth grade or some [ __ ]. You know what I mean like not president man, well fair enough. What should bernie be doing for a living he's like bagging groceries? You know not like because he's retired, that's like what old people do to like. You know greet her at walmart. Yeah he's a greeter at walmart. You know what I'm saying yeah welcome to walmart. Did you know that walmart uses government subsidies that'd? Be fire actually he's the greeter at walmart [ __ ] [, __ ]? That would be part. He has a lot to say about walmart. Yes, he does did you know that walmart doesn't pay the employees enough and they have to use food stamps, welcome to walmart every day, low prices, but at what cost god my voice is so fragile. Anyway, I don't know how that happened, man, but god damn. I do want to say: soviet uh, national anthem, pretty fire, definitely better than our national anthem. Just as a piece of music bro, that's [, __ ], that's dangerous talk! This tree isn't a sign now, but it is a bad ass natural. If you said that during like the 50s, I think you might get locked up I'd be on mccarthy's list. That's right! Welcome to walmart in aisle five we have diapers, which are one of the biggest pollutants on earth. I recommend using a cloth and a bobby pin. You have to hand wash the [ __ ] out of the diaper, you guys doing disposable diapers. Are you uh you doing the cloth thing? Yes, disposable. Diapers are one of the best things that were ever invented. I mean it's so convenient. We have a friend that tried using cloth and bobby pin you're. You understand that they're just [ __ ] on a cloth and then you have to wash it out. I mean what the [ __ ], I'm not touching. You know what I'm saying yeah. Have you ever seen baby [ __ ]? I have thanks to you. Oh, was that your first only time you saw baby [, __ ], I've, I've seen it other times yeah, but you posted a picture the other day. That's what I was thinking of: oh yeah, all over ela yeah. That was ela. Welcome to walmart yeah. I love that's a good sketch man. This is good, comedy writing right here on the h3 podcast, not that I'll ever execute it, but right, but I like to think about things that are funny from time to time. Asap rocky was in sweden and he got locked up. Your boy, asap rocky got locked up in sweden. He's been in jail for five days. Is that right? Ian he's he's sources tell us that the rapper is sleeping on a yoga mat with no blankets, there's a prisoner in the next cell, with severe mental issues who slams his head against the concrete wall and hurls feces every which way feces that are not cleaned up. Damn the water, we're told, is not clean and the food is not edible for the first five days, asap rocky ate an apple a day and that's it um. Luckily, we have a video of the situation, and so we can kind of make a call for ourselves now in this video um he's basically stalked by I don't know if they're drunk or what but they're definitely some hooliganisms like just really harassing them. So, let's watch, let's watch and see him make a distinction of. If this was justified, go that way, what just so you were saying ian that basically we don't know what instigated this conflict, there's no video or anything from before yeah we're kind of jumping mid. You know situation here, so I'm not sure why they're following them to begin with. If but I'm hands, they don't seem to know who he is so, oh really yeah later on. Someone explains they ask. Can I tell them that you're famous and he's like? No, you don't do that, what they don't know who even who he is, but why are they stalking him then so strange? Well, I I have to assume that they didn't instigate it I mean first of all, they don't want any trouble, it's quite obvious already from the first 20 seconds here, and these guys are following them around for a long time quite aggressively. I mean what possibly could have happened to instigate that yeah, I don't know. Maybe they do know who he is and then they just play dumb later on. I have a feeling they must know who he is he's got a huge entourage. It's kind of obvious that he's like a famous dude he's dressed in designer clothes. You know what I mean: [Music] he's talking about his headphone already man. Why is he already already talking about his headphone? Did that already happen? No, that's a good question. I don't think so. Maybe the video is cut out of order. He keeps saying headphone headphone, because I guess at one point his body forward. It's probably it's in this video, so maybe the person just cut it, but what happened? The bodyguard slammed his headphones, or some [ __ ] or through his headphones. Well, at one point: the guy hits the bodyguard with his headphones, oh, which seemingly smashes it and then he starts demanding compensation. I fail to see how that's their fault right, yeah. Why would you attack someone with your headphones? You ding that, but again I mean this. Video does start mid situations, so you can't really say what happened. Let's piece this together did his homies get locked up too yeah? Oh here's the headphones. So why is he already talking about his headphones? Well, you see there was a cut there. I mean this. Might be out of order, it looks like the person's trying to do a little flashback, getting creative with their editing here, but there. So, okay, if that's before the headphone attack the infamous headphone attack dude, who first of all who tries to fight like a 400 pound, massive black dude, like already big mistake, doug yeah yeah, this guy's like a little twink trying to throw down against like a 400 pound monster bodyguard, but that that he's got to be drunk or something he has to be under the influence possible to throw down like that on a huge dude, so they're getting a brawl. Homie takes off his headphones, which of course, is there that that was where he smashed the headphones over the body. Homie grabs the headphones is like treats them like a nunchucks, pretty poor weapon choice. Oh yeah! He just struck him in the face. What's going on here, see if he asked them to pay for his headphones homie, just punched him in the face. You can see it right here and not only did he not respond, he walked away. I don't know why they're being held in prison dude is clearly just attacked them and they didn't they're, not even reacting violently yet yeah. He just shrugs off the hit which, like you said, I mean he's a pretty big guy, so he's probably like because he's like, I will murder you go away. You know I mean it seems ludicrous that they're locking him up in such horrible conditions too, and- and you said that he can be tried for to to stay in prison for six years- ian yeah, that's what he's facing up to six years uh! If that actually happens, it's I don't see that very likely. We'll have a dip, we'll have a diplomatic crisis. You know yep because I already see a lot of rappers and [ __ ], saying they're not going like you know: [ __, ], sweden, I'm never going there, I'm with them, yeah, which I mean uh, I'm not a sweden expert. I guess you could say, but I do know that the music scene is huge there. So, like you know, artists do go to sweden pretty often so, if, if they all boycott it, that'll be a big deal. Well, everyone's rich there, so they you know, like those [ __ ] are rich and sweet, but beautiful country. I went there for the video game thing with overkill. Oh that's right! I mean it's a beautiful country. We had a great experience there, beautiful city, we're in stockholm. Anybody smash headphones over here. No, nobody threatened me with headphones or anything. Weird um, but I'm not asap rocky, don't be so hard on yourself. Maybe he's just not a fan does asap rocky have a rival. Maybe he thought he was travis. Scott [Laughter] and asap wasn't down, but you know we have to at times like this appreciate. I know I haven't watched the whole video and you guys hate that, but give me a break. Okay. We have to at times appreciate how [ __ ] fantastic. America is because this we know what's going on here. Okay, there is justice for the most part in this land. Take, for example, the beatles who went to japan. They had some weed on them. They were about to be locked up for life. There's justice here. Do try going to dubai. Okay, if you kiss a dude they'll, lock you up for life come on in this. Is america the guy was defending himself. You know you got to remember it's scary, going to other countries, because those are [, __ ]. I went to mexico with a drone for me and ela's, like anniversary or something, and these [ __ ] shook me down at the airport at a huge airport in puerto vallarta. They saw I had a drone, an expensive drone and they made me pay the vat tax. They tried. They were saying I had to pay him a thousand dollars or I had to go back to america. I couldn't exit the airport. What yeah I got shook down for a thousand dollars in the [ __ ] mexican airport, a main hub was it even in a uh? Was it in a box still, it was in its box. Yes, it was in its traveling box and the guy recognized it and he's like you have to pay me. The vat tax, so you can't leave. I was like what the [ __ ]. I look up the law and I'm like that's not what the law says. He starts trying to haggle with me he's like no, not a thousand okay 800., and I was like wow. You know and that's the last time I went to mexico, but I'm just saying you've got to appreciate america man, because this because, when you're you're in other people's hands when you're outside the country man, I can't believe the swedes locked him up for this [ __ ] this guy's asking for [ __ ] dude. I can see why they arrested him. Initially, fine yeah, I feel like once you watch the video yeah. You release them on bail or something homie smashed his headphones over his bodyguard and he's asking for compensation after he punched him in the face. Bro you smashed it over and we saw it just for the cameras. You don't want no problems with these boys. They keep following look at them. They keep following. I mean I don't know how long this has been, but they've clearly walked several blocks away from them and yeah and, like you said, I mean he's obviously trying to de-escalate the situation. I mean, I think, that that should be taken. What can you do yeah? What else can you do at a certain point it's like at? When is it? When do you need to defend yourself and tell these creeps to [ __ ] off, so it culminates with them being getting their ass, beat like hardcore hardcore. Getting their ass beat like straight up: uh uh, worldstar style yeah. I don't show that because I like being monetized right, but what happens eventually, which we're getting to is that basically, the whole gang starts curb stomping, uh, homie, yeah yeah, it's uh, it's it's a beating. They give him a beating, yeah, I'm sure he's fine, but you actually. We need to take a break right. Then uh yeah, okay, so we are going to throw it to a quick commercial break. We're going to continue this when we get back guys, do not go away. We're about to watch rocky get beat down these punks. That leads them to go to prison, we'll be right back you having a long day at work, how about a tough day at school? Are you stuck at the office? Well, it's time to treat yourself to the meal you deserve on demand from your favorite restaurant restaurants come straight to you with doordash, and let me tell you what I've got for you: a free five dollars off your favorite restaurant from doordash, listen up closely because doordash connects you to your favorite restaurants in your city. Ordering is so easy. You just download the app you choose what you want to eat and that dasher will bring it to you anywhere. You are not only is that burger place. You love on doordash already, but over 300 300, 310 000. Other amazing restaurants are too doordash connects you with door-to-door delivery in over 3 300 cities in all 50 states and canada. You order from your local go to's or you could choose from your favorite channels like chipotle, wendy's, chick-fil-a and the cheese guy factory. Basically, whatever you want, they're gonna bring it to you. They're gonna dash it right to your dome. Don't worry about dinner! Let dinner come to you with doordash. Now here's what I was talking about in the beginning, they're, giving away five dollars for free to our listeners off your first order of over fifteen dollars or more when you download the doordash app and enter the promo code. H3. That's five free freaking dollars, baby off your first order when you download the doordash app from the app store and enter promo code, h3 again promo code h3 for five dollars off your first order with doordash, give it a shot. Baby, gonna love this [ __ ], but finding the perfect software is always tough, because there's this genius software out there that somebody has made tailor just to your problem. Yet you don't know how to find it. One and second of all you don't know if it's good, you don't know if you're downloading a freaking virus, which is always my problem. You know I swear to god that hint I didn't get on my computer uh. It wasn't my fault, it was the viruses fault. So you don't have to worry about that. With capped terror, what capterra does is they aggregate the best softwares as niches possible for any a problem you have, they give it reviews and they and it's this free online resource that helps you find the best software solutions for your business. They've got over 850 000 reviews for pr four products from real software users. You discover everything you need to make an informed decision and you can search more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from project management to email, marketing, to yoga, studio management, software, that's niche, those yoga studio, managers, man, then you need a specialized software for that one, no matter what kind of software your business needs. Capterra makes it easy to discover the right solution fast, join the millions of people who are using cafeteria each month to find the right tools for their business. For example, we needed some software for, like a content management system, just something to manage our our day-to-day tasks on daily, fresh and on capterra. You can look up content management system. You can see the reviews you can read it. These are all reputable great softwares and you can make that good. Informed decision, so I highly recommend getting that tight little ass over to capterra.com h3 for free today to find the tools to make an informed software decision for your business. That's cappterra.com, h3, capterra, c-a-p-t-e-r-r-a, dot, com, slash h3! That's captain software selection, simplified! Okay! Welcome back! Let's continue on with the video, I guess they're asking some of the other swedes to help translate the headphones he's saying I don't know him he's following us. He hit me with his headphones on the head. I should beat the [ __ ] out of him. I mean they didn't I don't understand how can they lock them up after this [ __ ] [Music] hold on what did she say that he said [Music] okay come on? Oh, they wandered off, and then this other guy yeah he's left my ass and my girlfriend's out. So by the way, did you hear that other swedish girl who's there said that guy touched his her ass and her other friend's ass, so those are [ __, ] hooligans, they're like drunk hooligans. So what the the next video I I guess I can play the audio, but anyway the next one is basically all of them, beating the [ __ ] out of him. I find it strange that that asap rocky is the one that got singled out too, because I mean the bodyguard was the one I mean sure he was in there stomping him and [ __ ]. I think in that article it says that rocky and his team are being they all got. They probably all got people yeah. I mean in the video which we're not going to show where the actual fight happens. I mean he himself is like yeah he's there he's, definitely in it, but man, those guys had a ass beating coming. I'm gonna watch it. Maybe you can hear this? Oh no. You can't hear the sound, but here I'll just describe yeah, oh yeah, so rocky's the one that threw his ass to the ground. It looks like yeah like pretty hard and then there's like yeah, all four of them, just beating the [ __ ] out of him. He looks good doing it. Man when his gucci shorts and [ __ ] he's looking fresh, they just speed that, but you know it's like everyone's just wanting to beat this guy's ass so hard and then it's like once the floodgates open, homie had it coming. I don't have to say man yeah yeah, I mean they didn't like. I doubt they really seriously injured them. They just gave my ass meeting. You know not sure about that. So yeah I mean hopefully not yeah. I hope not. If he's seriously injured, then then that would be different right, I'll. Listen to these swedish kids. This is as they're watching him beat the [ __ ] out of him. Ah yeah, it's a tough one, but I think sweden should just get his ass on a plane and send him home. Just go home. Go home, don't come back kind of thing. I mean that's, usually what happens in these kind of situations when an artist is on tour or whatever you mentioned the uh, it wasn't the beatles. I think it was just paul mccartney with wings or whatever. Oh. I thought it was the whole beatles date. I think it was the beatles they were on tour in japan. You know your beatles lore, so I'm I'll differ yeah on that one. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for saying that um here's some of the people in the community reacting to the news tyler, the creator said no more sweden for me. Ever and frankly, I don't blame him. That's exactly right! You got that midsummer game. What are you supposed to do when some homies stalking you? You can't an attack? He attacked him. What are we doing with here? Schoolboy q said I'm not going no more either. What's flacco, it's like his nickname, asap, rocky's, nickname, oh flacco, what's the relation? That's just pretty flaccos is like people call him that. I'm not sure why just like how dick dick from richard kind of thing yeah sure exactly like that shorthand. Sometimes you just can't explain it yeah this one little yachty me three. I will never hit sweden again. I should I should get in on this me four, I'm I will never perform in sweden. I should I should post that post malone got in on it. He posted on instagram- I just saw this today. He said always strive and prosper, love you very much justice for rocky, always strive and prosper. I'm not sure what the just a little proverb in there he's a big star trek fan striving props for my dog. I stand with rocky and request his release from swedish officials sign the petition yeah. He shouldn't be locked up. That's outrageous, especially if the conditions are as bad as they say. That's outrageous yeah! I mean it's. Two weeks too, I mean [ __ ] that that's a long time to just be held. I should I should retweet and say I'm not, I'm not I'm pledging never to perform in sweden. Well all this talk about uh, sweden. All this injustice got me hungry for some american good old american cuisine- and I don't know if you guys saw this there's a kfc, a new kfc sandwich, the cheeto sandwich that is a desecration of god himself. Look at this disgusting mess, [ __ ], who wants cheetos in a sandwich. You know why are you barking at the bag, shredder shredder you're barking at a bag dude? It's a bag, shredder cheetos on a sandwich. You know I've been, I have a problem with kfc marketing in general. I I I don't like what they've been doing. I don't like the gay kernel uh. I don't like the emo colonel and I don't and I definitely don't like uh the cheeto kernel. I don't know. What's the gay kernel, was there a gay kernel, I think you're thinking of the cgi one right yeah, maybe the like weird hipster, colonel or whatever the hipster. I think he was gay. Yes, he was just he was. I don't know what I mean by that yeah, young and handsome gay. You know same thing um, I don't like it. I don't like anything. Oh yeah they had the uh, oh and they [ __ ] claimed our video, the bobblehead [ __ ] at the music festival, yeah yeah, [, __ ] you. So, let's see you want to see this sandwich. It's disgusting as you're gonna. So by the way ian got these look at this. Oh, my god, dude, look. How greasy that is. I got three sandwiches one for everybody. There's grease pooling at the bottom of the bag. Look at this don't consume this. This is poison [, __, ], wild and, of course, just because, if the sandwich well, let's see let's break this open. This is disgusting. Oh my god, dude. By the way they make it look like all slick like um. They put the cheetos like flavoring on the chicken, but you can see they just dump some like cheeto sauce on it. This is disgusting. You guys so gross. Okay, I'm gonna take a bite of this all right. You guys want to try it because I got a sandwich for y'all. I appreciate it. I I do not eat chicken, so I will have to pass and I'm feeling pretty proud of that choice right now. How is it? Oh, my god, can you see the bottom of this? Can you see all the cheeto [ __ ], yeah dude, that is so gross? I can't tell if I'm being baited by other trolling, because I'm trying my best to make it look disgusting, which it is, and I hate everything about them, but I still get the feeling that I'm still being baited by them and they're getting what they want from me. Even though I'm saying never go to kfc the food is disgusting. It will literally poison you giving you diarrhea. I don't like anything, they do. Let's see if shredder will even eat it. Shredder do you want this? I don't even think shredder should be, don't don't I wouldn't give that to shrek he's a picky eater yeah. He ate it. I guess your dog will like it that's the least the most I can say for it. Well, I really don't know what to say. I guess there's not really much else to say about it. Is there guys it's pretty gross ian? Do you want to try one? We got that. Actually I didn't want to put it's it's leaving a mark everywhere. I just put it on the table. It's like you know like when you wipe your ass and you can't get the [ __ ] out and you just keep wiping and wiping that's what this bag is like. Dude it bled through, like 30 napkins, look at all the nap layer of napkins that oiled through, oh god, ian says, he's down to try it. So I'm going to come grab one. You want to come, try this! He can take it. He can take it back. You can just take ball back. I don't want to smell it here. Take all that gross shredder likes it. Please do not ever go to kfc for any reason, all right ian. We got him on screen here, pop them pop pop yourself. Up there there you go, get a shot because, I'm afraid mine, I didn't get a good shot of it. That's so soggy show it to the camera before you eat it. No, but show like the cheeto, the cheeto cr yeah cheetos in a sandwich. How deprived is your life? What is this like sauce mayonnaise? That would be uh the colonel's special jizz? Oh boy, that's hipster, kernels, uh, jizz, put yourself back up before you eat it yeah. I want to see this. Can you open it and get a good shot of what's in there because show them take the bun off and show them that there's actual cheetos on it? I mean this is a desecration of life, this chicken, it's just a bed of full cheetos they're, not even like smashed up or like made in any way easier, but you would you would think they made the breading for the chicken out of cheetos. No, they just squirt some cheeto sauce on it, and this chicken lived its whole life. Here we go just to be covered by cheeto, sauce, immediate revulsion. Okay show me show. Let me show you [Laughter], I'm like cut one bite and I'm like you're covered in my hands anymore. They're, like you know what you give you some paper, towels they're, like you know, what's the worst part of eating cheetos, how your hands get covered and all this [ __ ]. So what we want to do is create a sandwich that gives you that same effect, where, if you touch it once you have to take a shower, what dan I'd probably rather eat the box than the sandwich in the box. Well, do you want to take a bite of the box? I'd like to watch that I'll save it for later well, on the plus side, shredder does like it, so I will give that that's gonna give him mad shits dude yeah, but this is so greasy. Oh, my god, I'm telling you I'm shocked. I'm shocked, there's like literally an and several ounces of grease that came out of the box and down the bag like if you had to break into a safe, just put one of these on the top of it and it will melt through the safe wow high level, [ __ ]. That's the ingenuity right! That's what it's gonna be doing to your intestines. If you go off to kfc and eat this, because I want to make as as absolutely clear, I do not want to be trolled or baited by kfc into promoting their disgusting acid sandwich that could burn through bank vaults. Okay, if you eat this sandwich, you are deprived human being and you deserve to be poisoned by essentially you're drinking bleach. If you eat the sandwich, ian just took another bite. He did so. I'm gonna take another bite too. One second thought it's pretty good on you and oh. This is actually I'm going back for more later you're enjoying it it's mayonnaise bro. I don't like that. There's mayonnaise on it! No! This is not good. I'm not even gonna pretend it's pretty bad bro. I thought that was cheese. It's a big dollop of mayonnaise nice, oh my god! Oh no, hair shredder! I think I just killed my dog. I love you shredder, but he loves. Actually shredder loves cheeto dust. This is previously known to you yeah, because I let him lick my fingers and he goes crazy eating cheetos. You could probably eat this stan because I don't think this is meat all right. Well, they got us there's your little promo kfc. Do they even use real chicken? Wasn't there like a lawsuit about kfc, doesn't actually use real chick like it's so genetically altered. I believe that's an urban legend. I've heard that as well, and I think I looked into it once and it's it's an urban one. Let's say it's real for the sake of the story: okay, they have like freakish, they have freak birds right that don't even have real breasts. Well, that, I think, is true, but um. I think you know what the urban legend is is that they uh they had to not call themselves kentucky fried chicken anymore, because the chicken it would be false advertising- that's like the, but I don't think that's real. Can you find a picture of their freak chickens of the kfc freak chickens? Yeah, I mean to be honest with you. I don't think it's just kfc. It's like most of the is this what it is like these featherless chickens, no they're, not those aren't fat enough. Did you just type chicken rumors, oh well, that obviously looks like a photoshop. I mean I'm not getting sucked in by that word: [ __, ] or any of this stuff. Maybe it is an urban legend, but I'll tell you what their chicken does taste like a big old dookie in my shorts covered in cheeto flakes they're like dude we've we covered dog, [, __, ] and cheeto flakes people will buy it yeah. I found it on snopes the claim the government forced kfc to stop using the word chicken in the name because they serve meat derived from mutated animals, and it is false so, but do they serve made from mutated animals? Well, I mean they're for sure genetically engineered, but so is all the meat you eat from any fast food, restaurant really animals that have been genetically mutated. I know they do it to fruits and plants and and vegetables yeah. I mean they probably don't use the word mutant, because people freak out when they hear that but um that's effectively what it is. Yeah genetically they've they've modified the dna of chickens. Wow. Are you sure about that? I don't think they're like modifying in a lab, but uh they feed them a bunch of hormones and right. Okay, well guys cheetah. The new cheeto sandwich is available now with dopes of mayonnaise. So big, you think it's a piece of cheese man. Have you guys heard about the world wife caring championship? I mean this is a weird one: the world wife, the world, wife, caring championship and I'm happy to report. A lithuanian couple wins the title for the second year in a row. These guys are champs. Dude, lithuania is killing it lately, I'm so jealous of lithuania's title that they defended the title of world life carrying champion. Watch this. You can imagine the jokes that purse that you know the perfect metaphor for marriage. Am I right guys they're carrying them in the phone? Oh, he just ate [ __ ]. This is not what I expected at least the way. I love the form yeah because they got a whole ass, dude dude, his wife's head is just under water. Oh she lifted it. The man needs to complete the course carrying his wife and also it continues through life. No, it's a strange event. Man who the [ __ ] thought of this. Also this is kind of awesome. You know that the people take it super seriously and, like the wives like go on a mega fast before the event, so they can weigh less look. There's a ref running next to him to they can't break any rules. Damn prizes are awarded to the first three couples. The cross finish line. The first prize is a gift card to applebee's, with one minute and six seconds a couple from lithuania crushed it and they won the coveted 500 to applebee's this music sucks yeah. What do you all think about this? America doesn't lame ass sports football yesterday they got way cooler, [, __ ], especially eastern europe. It seems like they've got. They got the weird sport. I like that [ __ ], where they like put a wheel of cheese down the hill, and everyone has to chase it right right and everyone. Just like eats [, __ ] and dies. Can you pull up one of those uh wheel, chases yeah? Those are fantastic. That's a sport that I can get behind in japan. They've got! I love you know. Japanese game shows are so great too. America's [ __ ] is boring man. These [ __ ], are probably trying to find like the smallest wife. They they search for their wives, based on how well they would perform this competition here. Look at this [ __ ]. Where is this from? Like netherlands uh? It's actually in britain? Oh britain, god bless uh. The queen bless the queen dude. They eat [, __ ] so hard. Oh, my god. Look at these people, they're [, __, ], tumbling to their death, all for a block of cheese, baby, listen to the epic music. Yes, epic, gallant beautiful! This is the queen's god. I love the imagery of like the beautiful village side, the pro the pride of the nation, the gallian creatures that roam the country and a bunch of drunken hooligans tumbling down a hill chasing a block of cheese. Ah, yes, nothing says britain quite like this. Look at these guys. Oh my god! Here we go baby. Get that block! Oh, that's a kid! They put kids down the hill, these [ __ ], don't give a [ __ ] dude they're [ __ ] hard dude. This kid knows how to chase a block of cheese. Oh she's got a bloody nose- those poor girls- oh my goodness, [Music], oh my god, how do you even eat? [, __, ] that hard and like get back up? This is look at this video is so insane. I can't tell if they are. If this is like a self-aware ironic, video or if this is, they just see it as this galleon national geographic is where this is from, because they just cut to the cheese maker with a block of cheese and he's weighing it has to be exactly eight pounds and he's wearing an apron, it's very all, very official. Ah, yes, we worked 12 years and aged the cheese to perfection before we rolled it down a hill and broke some eight-year-old's nose, [Applause] also, maybe it's just the angle of the camera or something but that hill doesn't seem that steep, like these people, [ __, ] suck at this. I think it's really muddy and slippery. I guess that's probably it I love how epic the music is man I mean it's. Oh, this goes way back. Look at this. Oh see these guys. Aren't these guys are actually charging down the hill. It's an yes, the ancient tradition of chasing cheese. Do you understand this is what real culture? This is. What real history looks like. Do we chase cheese in america? What do we do play football come on seriously baseball, [, __, ] boring no, we've got. We've got some cool ones, though, really like what [ __ ] nickelodeon guts. That's not a national pastime! No look at look at how we look, how the perfection that goes into this cheese that just tumbles down a hill, nobody eats it, listen to this from guys [Music]. Ah, yes, yes take a tumble for your country. There. She goes the old cheese block, [Applause] that guy ate [, __ ] so hard. Oh nice recovery, oh and he won yeah. That guy was a pretty that guy's, a that guy's an all-star. Look at that yeah that guy's a champ. That's what a champion looks like [, __ ] that kid's dead, uh flow early die. I've suffered a a neck breakage. Look at this kid with this block he's got a broken arm for christ's sake. Yeah. I love these [ __ ]. Does the winner get? I guess the winner gets the cheese. That's what all the guys know yeah. I guess everyone was just you know what this came about too. What's so great about england is like you've got these medieval manners and people are starving. You have starving peasants, so you make them, go risk life and limb for a block of cheese. Ah I see so these are actually people that are very hungry, which makes it funnier. When you have, you know money absolutely so. Epic, congratulations, dude, [Applause], beautiful [Applause], beautiful, beautiful uh, stuff here, fellas speaking of baseball. I have I want to ask you guys something you tell me if I'm crazy, okay, okay, my dad sends me a picture or not me, but in our family chat he sends me a picture and he shows me a beach ball deflated at his feet at a dodger game and it says, highlight so far caught and defeated beach ball. So you know how at dodger, games or sporting events, people bring beach balls and they bounce them around and they play with them with the crowd yep. So I started I had a flashback of when I would go my dad used to take us to ball games all the time. He's sports obsessed, he's a mega fan of the dodgers and so he's such a grouch that he thinks the volleyball distracts from the game, and so when one comes his way, he grabs it and stabs it and puts it at his feet and he does that with his family there, I'm a small kid they're trying to be at the ballgame and have fun. Oh, he did this back in the day. He's always done this. In fact, you know how the wave uh national pastime, the wave sure, so he forbid us from participating in the wave because it distract from the game he hates it, that's cruel. He would scout. He would only scowl at people around us. My dad also, I was terrified of foul balls. It's scary, you got a [ __, ], ball skyrocket in the sky comes right down on you. I was terrified of it. So much I didn't want to go to games. Somebody died at dodger stadium from a foul ball two years ago. Yeah, that's insane! Well, I was I I used to always wonder. Why are? Why are foul balls? Always it seems like they're, always coming right at me, like every game when, as a kid, it's it's terrifying. I don't like it. It made me not want to go to the games and I found out my dad would intentionally get the tickets in the foul ball area because he was so obsessed. He wanted to get balls, so he knew that. I hated it so much that I I honestly was there every time there was a pitch. I was just paranoid that the ball was coming to me. I was on my toes the whole time I was miserable there. He knew that and he still sat us in foul ball territory. How else are you gonna learn, and so I'm I'm I'm having these childhood memories flooding back after seeing this, but when I saw this I was like. Oh my god, I just realized my dad is a total psycho, like you have to be a psycho right too, grab the beach ball and stab it. I don't know about psycho, but it's definitely yeah. I mean people just trying to have fun man. Well, I said dad [ __ ] on people like that. I said dad. How did everyone around you respond? He said quote they all booed me music to my ears, all right, never mind. He said they all booed him. So imagine me as a child trying to learn to enjoy baseball and everybody's booing me and my family [Laughter]. That's crazy! Right, like I'm, I'm trying to deal with these traumatic memories. My dad is at the dodger game being booed. That's pretty epic! I mean. Obviously it's different being the son and being there, but well. He was with my sister that time, okay and apparently she's brainwashed because she's down she's like oh, I hate all that [ __ ] she's a ball stabber too. No. She says I I don't. I would never do that. I don't have the balls to do that, but but she supports his because she's I don't know, but I I find it absolutely insane. I mean you're not going to stand and do the wave you're just going to scowl at everyone, but that's even beyond um stabbing the beach ball. The wave one is beyond because the beach ball okay. So I'm not going to defend you doing that, but with the beach ball at least, you can maybe make an argument that it's like the ball. It sometimes gets thrown out onto the field, and it's like interfering with the game like that that you know if you're super serious about the sport, I could see that bothering you but the wave, what the [ __ ] what's wrong with the wave you're at the ball game. These are part you're not going to change the sport. This is what people do. They have fun. It's part of being there right. I said dad. If the ship bothers you go watch at home on the tv. You know that is wild, that he actually stabs it. He brings himself. He says I'm like dad this you're so crazy. Now that I'm remembering all this, he goes you're, not a sports nut, so you can't relate. He says. So am I crazy? You know, and now now I'm having memories, because in my life my dad has caught three foul balls. That's a lot even getting one is, is incredible! He's gotten three and I swear to you. I remember [ __ ] like this going down. You meant you know this clip. This is my dad. Oh yeah! Oh that's my dad. He raised you did one of all times other people's hands when a ball comes he'll dive on some stranger's lap and pry it from their hands. Do you understand this? Is my dad the same guy? Who one minute before stabbed a beach ball, was booed by everyone in the section. This is my dad. This is who I've grown up with going to dog? No wonder I don't like sports. No wonder I don't like baseball she's high-fiving. You don't think that I'm so legendary! You don't think that I wanna like baseball. You don't think that I wanna have past time. Oh, he threw it to the girl yeah. That's my dad he's like thanks. Dude wait! That's is that the second time that that girl got him. I think it's just a compilation of people ripping off kids aka, my dad dude that guy's. Oh, my god, look at this! This is my dad. [Music] see ya. You idiot kid work on your reach, dumbass that woman and this guy comes back. I swear to god. That's my dad! I'm not even kidding my dad! You! You don't get three foul balls in your life without elbowing a couple kids in the face right right right. I swear to you. I've seen him dive in the bleachers. He pried it. From that lady's hand dude so embarrassing. Now I understand why I hate sports whoa, wait what what? Why is homie so butthurt? Well, that was uncalled for. My dad definitely would have pocketed shirt. It check this out, he's trying to give it to her and this lady in the orange she's, not letting him throw it nope. I don't know about the lady. She didn't have the sign, how great kevin had a charity softball game in milwaukee he's starting to throw parts of his uniform, damn dude. Well, his shoe to a young boy, but the woman next to him wrestled the cleat away. Maybe maybe your dad's right we're just not we're not sports nuts. We don't get it well, we haven't done. We have any fans of the podcast that are sportsnet's. Probably not that's, not our demo is it. I do wonder. Well, I'm sure, there's some some baseball fans in the audi in the audience, but I wonder, am I cr? Am I who's crazy here um? But there's it's no wonder I don't like sports, because you know when when you go to sports games, you don't expect everyone to be booing your whole family. You know [Music], I need a lot of therapy. I need a lot of therapy. You know my dad was the guy at the sports games who shout you know, there's always one guy who's like shouting at the field like he actually wants to be heard by the players. That's my dad, like within earshot, like you guys, are sitting close enough that no, we are far away. That's why he's shouting so loud, [, __ ]? Oh your dad's, a legend! It's obviously it's different when it's your dad, but from a third party. Well, I I'm afraid it would probably look yeah. I don't know I mean he got. He managed to get booed by a bunch of strangers. So I don't know if it's worse, yeah he's such a [ __ ], grouch dude. My mom had a great comment. Let me pull this up because my mom's been living with with this [ __ ] longer than I have right. I mean she suffered by his by his insanity. More than anyone she goes babe being at the ballpark is an experience. People watching eating hot dogs and peanuts singing. Take me out to the ball game, and yes, sometimes beach balls are tossed around and people participate in the wave. You could be a little grumpy, sometimes my mom's been holding that in for decades and she was still so nice about it. Yes, that was awesome, yeah she's right, I mean I'm laughing, but yeah, then my dad says chill out a little bit. My dad says. Ah yes, I'm sitting with my hot dog and fries in my lap enjoying the game. Then some [ __ ] spikes, a volleyball at your nuts, and there goes your food all over your neighbor, I'm like dude. When have you ever seen that happen? Spiking a volleyball at your nuts, I mean that's, that's not nobody, spikes, the volleyball and it's not and it's a beach ball. It's like inflatable. Oh look at this pregnancy update got demonetized. Can somebody explain how the [ __ ] that's possible? No on the highlights channel. I was just in my email got it anyway, I'm starting to lose my throat, let my throat my voice. I've got a lot I want to get to here, but let's talk about bell and then let's wrap it up, because we're going to do another episode on tuesday of next week or actually so this friday we've got oliver tree. Yes, tuesday, we've got chris dalia, yes friday, we're going to do another top of the week right and we've got a lot to discuss then, but first of all, bell listened to the call we had asked her to fart in a jar and send it to us now. This is: is this coincidental, or is this a direct correlation dan and ian? You tell me what you think. We said bell fart in a jar and send it to me and add that as a patreon incentive and then like three or four days later, she starts uh canning her bath. Water is what do you think about that yeah? I mean it's hard to not think that it was related. I mean specifically she's putting the bathwater in mason jars, which you like emphasized over and over again with the fart thing I said. Thank you dan. I said put it in a mason jar: yep like a fairy from zelda right right, that'd, be such a great item in a game: bella belle, delphine's, farts, sniff, sniff, the game revival, yeah um, but I mean it could have been a coincidence. It could have been a quench. I don't believe in coincidences dan all right, but anyway she responded after seeing our clip she sold out of her bath water by the way, which is so good good for her. I don't know how you sell out of water by the way, yeah very sad fans. Hey ethan, saw your video. It was great wish. I could come on the podcast, I'm sure it would have been funny. I do, however, have a quote package to send you do you have an address p.o box and then, by the way she said, belle dolphin. Was she taking it? Was I saying her name funny, uh? No, it's probably just the typo right bell dolphin. The e and the o are pretty far away from each other. So what do you think it is? Do you think she sent me the fart, I'm afraid she just sent me some bath water? I I had that thought and I gotta tell you: that's gonna be pretty disappointing. If that's what it is, maybe it's so well I'll tell you! Maybe it's a bath water that you farted in the bath. Oh, like a little bubbler like yeah, it's a little for that! It's like a lacroix. I want to be able to drink her fart smelling it's not enough um, but wild. How much attention this got though yeah it's been, it's been unbelievable. I mean it's great. I continue to like. I continue to like her. I don't know. What's all the hub of, I think, she's great um 19 year old instagram model sells their own bath water for thirty dollars, a jar now I'll tell you. I think thirty dollars is a bargain price. To be honest with you, I would pay. I would pay more for it. How much was diamond water uh it was. It was less than that this, but come on this is bath water baby. Let's see an instagram model with almost 4 million followers on her account began allowing fans to purchase her bath water for 30 a bottle selling out in three days um. I am now selling my bath water for all. You thirsty gamer boys check out my new shop where I'm selling stuff for you. I wonder if that's even legal, to sell your like bath water, because it's almost like a bodily fluid you're shipping water. You know slap a biohazard sticker down in that package, but there's a video. Let me see. Do I have that video of her promoting it yeah here it is it's kind of not safe for work, so I won't kill it. But okay, you can hear her voice. I can. I can show the beginning, but then she starts like squirting water on her ass and drooling in it and [ __ ] yeah [, __, ], yeah, yeah. Okay, this one, I have to cut it off yeah um. By the way you know, she's, just running tap water into those right. How dare you you saying she doesn't have integrity? She said my bathwater sold out I'll, be making some more soon, but it's honestly a weird couple of days taking so many baths I mean come on, you can't run out of water. You just you know what I mean. Maybe you know she cares about her audience. I feel like this was my idea. I really do and- and I think it's fantastic- that she appropriated it in a way that that makes sense for her yeah. I think it's a great idea that bathwater was was a fantastic idea. The fart was a little. The fart is just it's just air, so ultimately, when you're getting water, you know it's like hey. You know, there's probably some poop particles floating around in this. If she really did uh, which I doubt to be honest with you well, I guess we'll find out soon. Maybe I wonder if we can find it, you know, I wonder if the way we win really yeah, I wonder if we can like send it to a laboratory and see if there's any dna in it or something and send it to to uh ancestry.com or something oh that'd, be so epic dude. We can clone her um. Here's a bunch of headlines diamond water is 36 bucks for a 12-pack by the way, so she's definitely charging a premium. Yeah there's a premium. There look metro's got a headline: polygon's got a headline: newsweek's got a headline: she's, crushing it man she's getting so much publicity. Yep god bless her man. Irish post yahoo, wait! Is it 43 bath, water or 30? Is it 30 pounds because it says 43 dollars here? Oh, she is british, so it probably is 30 pounds wow, okay. So that's a good price right, yeah, 43 bucks, oh yeah, so there's like some goo, obviously goof headlines that that were people were really falling for one person sent to hospital after drinking internet personalities, bath, water, 27 people have reportedly gotten herpes after drinking instagram, bella, thorne or bella delphine's. Bathwater someone showed me, I saw a picture online where she had a herpe on her lip and someone was like: don't drink, this bathroom wait, really yeah. Look it up. I swear to god it's a picture of her with braces and she's got like a herpe feeling on her lip. Oh no uh, would you guys [ __ ]? Would you rather [ __, ], bella, delphine or bella thorne uh for me, bella thorne for sure, like really every time really you're into that over this? Oh over the no offense over this come on? What do you got? Zach was [ __, ], basically jerking off this, that's zach, bella delphine died, god google's so weird anyway. What else I got? Maybe I should just finish it: okay, let's, let's, let's just let's look at this I've, I found the pictures. I don't know if this could show me pull it up, though here I'll, send you the link. So you guys before you drink this water, make the make the distinction for yourself. You know be aware there you go just dropped it in before. So here we go this yeah, so it could be a cut, but it could also be a healing herp for sure you have it on different sides of the lip. Interestingly right, it's not flip, I guess it could be a flipped image. It does look like in the same location. Well, I just looked it up in over half of americans have oral herpes, so what yeah half so what's this? Is it just that some I've read that some people just don't show it? I've never had an oral herpes yeah, but I guess it's possible I've. I mean to be honest. I I I get little. You know I call them cold sores, because that doesn't sound as bad as herpes, but I get those I don't know. Maybe once every couple years it kind of breaks you get it ever since I was a kid, though you get it outside of your mouth, like on the lip like, like the one in the picture of her, you got herpes dog. I guess so. I've literally had that happen since, like elementary school, though you know that's that's f. I've see. I have friends that had that happen in in uh elementary school too, probably from like kissing their mom or some [ __ ] sharing something with their family yeah, but I guess some people just show it and some other people don't yeah and, like I said I mean it, only uh breaks out every few years. Even what do you do when it happens like? How do you live your life appointment? On I mean it. Doesn't it's not very severe like when I say I think there are different types. You know what I mean and like the pictures that you see that are [ __ ] nasty, with like huge welts on people's lips. That's not what happens it's like a little bump. It looks like what she's got yeah or if, if that, even is it embarrassing when you go outside, I mean I guess, but over half the people around me have it too so huh. You know I was reading like if you, so if you have an oral herpe, if you like go down on a chick, you can give her genital herpes. That is true, that's a breakout. So I I have been conscious of that in the past and it's not is it it's not uh. It's not infectious. When you don't have it on your lip right, no only when it's breaking out or whatever but yeah, I can't believe you can like lick, someone's [ __ ] and give them anal herpes. That's so crazy to me! No experience with that one, but but yes, I guess theoretically man yeah well, apparently like everybody has hpv yeah, that's the thing it's kind of like you can be embarrassed about it, but you know what it's like. I said it's so common at this point that it's like whatever there's three of us in this office right now, one of us was bound to have it so there you go and I'm the winner, maybe he and two well, statistically, you should have it as well. Tell us about your herpes ian, I'm all clean, I'm good, I'm good! I'm trying to date here you heard ladies yeah well, either way I don't recommend drinking the bath water I'll sniff. It, though, I'm really curious what she's to me. I can't wait to get. I hope it's the fart that's way funnier if it's the water, what the [ __ ] do we do it's just a [, __, ] jar of water. Well I'll have zach drink it. You know we'll do something with it for sure yeah he's not here today, so he can't can well, I'm I'm slo, I'm slogging through this. So let's go ahead and just finish up what time is it because I have we have a doctor's appointment with theodore at, but I've got I've got time we'll be at an hour and a half in about five minutes: okay or so so. There's a problem, o.j simpson's on twitter and everyone's goofing around but like, for example, here's a fan who took a picture with him: oh [, __ ] at the airport, smiling and by the way god bless nice hoodie oj kills it at las vegas airport. Dude says he was in first class how the [ __ ] is this guy hiding so much money from that's a really good the victims of this murder? Every time he's playing golf and the fact that he's flying first class is strange to me, because this guy owes millions of dollars to the family of the people he murdered right. Yes, he does bro yeah. Now I've wondered that since he started his twitter, every video he's playing golf how the [ __ ] is he affording that I don't get it, but I I do wonder if all the comments on this were like hey, let's stop glorifying oj because he's an actual murderer, and I and I think that's true- because a lot of people here are like oh meaning on him, like oj's a murderer, but we have to remember that this guy is a literaler literally murderer. He viciously killed two people with a knife and cut their heads off dude, almost almost cut her head off yeah, so somebody in that thread linked the picture of her oh yeah. I didn't really yeah it kind of snapped me back and you looked at the image yeah I looked at it. It's extremely gruesome do not open it. I mean it kind of it's like the police photo and yeah. I mean when you see that it kind of snapped me back to reality, not that I, like you know, was taking it too lightly, but when you see that it's like oh yeah, this guy, actually [ __ ] did that I mean it's like charles manson you're, just walking around be like hey it's charles man, it's in peace, yeah, exactly hey juice. Can I get a picture, say murder, but I don't know. I don't know how to react to this because he's on twitter making a fool of himself, I mean the thing is the trolling is still relentless, yeah yeah you go to any post of his it's nothing, but people calling him a murderer and [ __ ]. So I don't know how he's not sick of it, but here he just posted this video. Today, that's what I'm talking about on the I just like this guy's lifting his best life he's flying first class he's golfing every day this guy should be in jail. He should be in jail, he should be at least poor. He lost a civil suit to the family that was murdered. He owes them, but here he is golfing living his best life smiling laughing flying first class. I mean it's bizarre, that's what I'm talking about bro. Why are you acting like you're on a sitcom? It's like what the [ __ ] look how he starts this hey. What I'm talking about hey twitter world! This is yours, truly dude, you murdered two people, you're, not one's truly. What is this? It's so absurd? It's just you can't help, but laugh, let's see what the top comments are. I see you only have one glove. You killed. Oh my god. That's [, __, ] hilarious. Look at this gift, someone with a knife dancing! You have a wicked slice juice, oh wow, picture of the victims. Yeah I mean again, and you know good good- that people are [ __ ] doing this. These people do not have any more birthdays. Thank you. That's a great comment because again, um he's out here celebrating his birthday. You killed these two people dude, you know homie here who he murdered, wasn't even confirmed to be her lover. He was just at the house right yeah and they were divorced too. They weren't, even [, __ ] still married this. This sick, maniac hey twitter world. This is yours. Truly. You know it's hard for me to believe that today, I'm celebrating my 33rd annual 39th birthday nice. I got to tell you: it's been quite a ride. They shared everything. It's been quite a ride, got away with a double homicide, served eight years for armed robbery. It's been quite a ride, but now I fight first class and I live my best life golfing. Yours truly, some rain must fall well. Hurricanes descended my life, but I thank the lord because, through it all he's kept me relatively healthy and in good spirits and positive, and that's tough to do today with all the haters on the internet, and he always he's he's always complaining about the haters on the internet. I love it, which means he's seeing it oh yeah, which well, of course his bio says. If you didn't see it here, I didn't say it which, which is a response to all the people goofing him on twitter. Right right, I mean he's most famous for murdering people, so when somebody takes a picture with him, it's not for football. My name is oj. Simpson, you may know me from murdering two people. I also play he's in the naked gun. Yeah he's got that you may know me from naked gun and murdering two people. I'm o.j simpson on cable tv, uh spouting their negative opinions on just about everything. You know I like what it uh plato or was it socrates. I love positive o.j about opinions that they are not fast, such a guru, such a self-help, possibility and maybe even a probability, but the facts are they're, not bad. I, like the old saying that opinions are like armpits, everybody got them and most of the time they stink. You know a lot of good things have happened in my 39 years. The other day I was with okay. This isn't I gotta start making twitter videos like this. Dude is like. I wonder if this is like his tenth take too, you know what I mean, because he's got seemed very rehearsed. Yeah, it's overheard. The opening this guy just spends his whole day, trying to perfect twitter videos on the golf course boys watching um the internet at a sports barn saw one tv and they had a softball game. Playoffs of the girls, softball nc2a and alabama was playing texas and I think the picture for alabama was black and the lead off for texas was black, and I said now that's something to celebrate, because when I was in school those schools wouldn't allow blacks to play any sport. Lately I saw where kaepernick is yes, I love positive oj. How did this end before I just throw it up? I want to see how it ended if he drove off. Also following is like all of the regulators. I got some guys to beat and some cake to eat. What do you say just on the left? Also following it's like you, tom segura, oh yeah, eric. Well you. How can you miss a single beat here? Hey twitter world? I was acquitted of a murder. I committed all right, basically in all his videos, it's only him living his best life like one. Is him eating sushi he's always on the golf course first flying first class, I'm very curious how he has the money he shouldn't, but he does look into that. Take oj down. I don't know I don't like it. This guy's a murderer man, so we got to make sure that, even though we talk about him, you know and we enjoy goofing on him because he is always acting like he's on a 90s sitcom uh. He is a cold-blooded murderer and that's the facts. Jack. Oh man, there's a whole other there's one other thing: okay, let's get into it. What you got amazon? How amazon gets to use packages to you so quickly? It's like a dystopian future [ __ ]. Look at this. Have you ever wondered how amazon put together this video tore an amazon warehouse? I saw this on john oliver. Amazing technology, amazing people, you know amazon's been in the news, a lot lately for mistreating their employees or that the the life in the warehouse is so difficult. The people are like fainting and passing out. Don't have time for bathroom breaks. So this video comes is. This is a pr thing that amazon put together this video- yes, okay, so this this comes at a funny time when people are giving them [, __ ], for their conditions, and here they are trying to kind of you know fairy dust it have. You ever wondered how amazon gets your packages to you so quickly. We do it with two things: amazing technology and amazing people. Every day, thousands of items arrive and shawn gets them into the fulfillment center. I receive products and I'm a horrible dancer. Can we see some moves? Epic? This is so good man, I'm surprised they have time to to do dancing and [ __ ] he's got to keep his productivity quote up. Oh yeah, he got fired for this they're like all right, john well. Thank you. You're fired. You missed your quota, pretty good right, it's pretty something! It's pretty something and your orders are stored here. Lisa cruises the aisles to get your stuff. You make this look easy yeah! I go hiking in the mountains every weekend. Look out! Bear oh he's fake. What this is. What are we doing here? What are we doing? Man these people make 15 an hour. It's like just you know, do they make 15 yeah they race them right. I know there was that big they did. They raised the uh, the minimum wage for all warehouse workers to fifteen dollars an hour. Okay. I mean you know, at least that I guess it still seems like the conditions that are [, __, ] awful, but at least you're making. I can't I mean it's a job. You go you don't like it. You work there. If you want you, don't if you don't, but the whole thing about not letting people take bathroom breaks and the productivity quotas, like basically there's not many bathrooms in these huge warehouses and they're on the far side of the building and they have specific productivity quotas. So it's not that they're restricted from from going being able to go to the bathroom, but if they have to walk, spend 15 minutes to go to the bathroom they're going to get [ __ ] at the end of their shift for missing their productivity quotas. Yep right and I think they've been accused of they like cycle employees, they'll they'll fire you after a year uh before you can start to accrue benefits and that kind of stuff, that's so rotten yeah. It's like jeff, bezos, dude you're, the richest man. That's ever lived. You are worth well over a hundred billion dollars, yeah! That's the real kicker, just stop. What is this just [ __ ], chill dog, you know just let the people go to the bathroom. For christ's sake, there's been a lot of people on reddit who have done like you know, warehouse employees that have done uh, ama kind of thing yeah and every time you see those you know they talk about how shitty it is, but then there'll be other people. In the comments and like I also work at the warehouse- and you know, the op is kind of full of [ __ ]. It's really not that bad and I always wonder it's like. Is this amazon pr like it's not conspiratorial, but I'm sure that you know there's different experiences. I think if you are out of the warehouses too, maybe some are worse than others. I guess different managers are worse. I mean it's a huge warehouse. They probably employ thousands of people in different sections, so yeah probably varies a lot if you're out of shape. I saw like in this report. People are walking 15-20 miles a day, damn so you know, and not, for the faint of heart [Music], but still to whitewash it as it's like disneyland, I mean either way you cut it, whether you think it's too harsh or not whatever the reality is it's a rough [, __, ], grueling physical job and to whitewash it like they're at disneyland, is pretty funny yeah, I'm also a biker. My friends call me little angie vroom room. What's with the sets just go on a bike, I don't get it. We care we care about our employees. What's your hobby, great you're fired in six months, you're getting you're accruing too many benefits. You can ride that bike on out of here to your next job. What's your favorite hobby, if it's not packing boxes, you're fired machine, weighs scans your box and attaches a label all in like one. Second, oh and that's ryan, he loves photography. I do love photography smile. Oh I blinked bro, stop! I know what photography is cheesy as [ __ ], it's just so stupid like. Why are you trying to patronize these poor employees, just let them [, __, ] pack boxes yeah, my favorite uh pastime is, is relaxing with my fleshlight crash cut to jeff [ __ ], the [ __ ] out of his fleshlight drinking bella, delphine water, hell yeah. Finally, jackie gives every single box a long and loving hug before loading it onto a truck. No, I don't! Oh, maybe just this one. Okay. Did you [ __ ]? You need to hug this back. This is like sexual harassment in a way. Isn't it? No, I don't hug the packages. Well, [ __ ] you're on camera, so you better hug that package. If you want to keep your job every day. Oh you love it. No, I don't love it. She's, a [ __ ] job. That's a little strange: isn't it all around the world making her hug the package loving hug before loading it onto a truck? No, I don't! Oh, maybe just this one. Okay, oh you love it every day, sick, [, __, ] weirdo. I mean it's obviously damage control for all the bad press. They've got about this [ __ ]. But, oh you love it. I think this helps like you love it. So patronizing you love the package. It's got a little smile on it. I'll tell you what some of my package people been loving too much, because I get them and they're trashed hugging it a little too hard. All around the world. Hundreds of thousands of packages are shipped from our fulfillment centers to your front door. They don't need pr. Look it's already so convenient. I'm! Never gonna! Stop using amazon. Just make a video that says yeah. You know what [ __ ] all you guys complaining suck my dick you're going to keep using it. You know they upgraded prime. Now it's like standard one day, shipping. It's like what are you going to do about it? You whiny [ __ ], I'm worth 100 billion dollars like you're, going to shop somewhere else and he's right. It's way too convenient. You know they could be giving these people like lobotomies to keep them working and I'd still shop at at amazon. It's worth 160 billion by the way. Oh my god, oh well, it's about to be half of that. Why? Because he's getting divorced man, jeff bezos, is getting a divorce and his wife, just from the divorce settlement, is going to become the richest woman in the world yep or one of maybe the richest. Isn't that fantastic? Well, unfortunately, for jeff he'll be worth he'll be stuck with a measly 80 billion. You know, sometimes people get upset about that. They think it's unfair or whatever, but um from when I was reading about it. I guess she actually was very involved in the rise of amazon. So look I'm not there. She was she was taking care of his broke ass before he was worth anything right. You know what I'm saying like if she's at home, I don't know what she does or or who she is, but if she's at home wiping the kid's ass and he's at home, making amazon from day one before he was worth a single penny, she gets half that [ __ ] I'll, give a [ __ ]. You know what I mean. Oh, I just looked it up uh. He had so much money that even after the divorce he's uh. Oh look at that. Okay, so she didn't get half. This is actually breaking news. Two days ago, yeah she's only getting only getting about 40 billion, that's a pretty good settlement and uh, even after he loses that he'll still be the richest person in the world yeah. I was reading an article that there was like a couple of days when amazon stock was doing real, really well, where he was making like a billion dollars a day. Jesus christ, sick man, and here we have employees, hugging boxes and waving at the camera. Yeah. It's pretty [ __ ] because of our amazing associates yeah. So then, on top of that, to follow that up, here's a leaked video of amazon's anti-union, training, video- you can see they toned down the the production value a little bit dude. This video is creepy, weird low production value. Oh, this is like an internal training video. Oh, these are amazing. Watch this [ __ ]. Welcome. We're excited to have you at this training, specifically designed to give you the tools that you need for success when it comes to labor organizing during this course we'll cover several important topics, such as our position on unions associate rights. Oh, I was about to say disengagement, it's their anti-union propaganda that they hit everybody with as they come in the door there. You go look at this animation, though I'm [ __ ], dehumanizing too. It's just like if it wasn't dehumanizing enough to basically be a [ __, ] hi, welcome to amazon. Here's the reasons why we think that if you join a union, you will be banned from life from working for any major corporation, not just amazon. We know everybody. We here at amazon have facial recognition and if you join a union well we'll never forget your face. It's animated, like this weird mickey mouse russian cartoons, where, like mickey pisses on minnie, do you know what I'm talking about? I like the wheels they remind you of that like the deep youtube stuff, yeah yeah, those weird auto-generated cartoons. This is this- reminds you of that yeah! It's about the same quality they're. All like we'll recognize your voice on alexa alexa. Call the police uh, not this time because you joined a they union paid. Some freelance graphics. Artists, like you, know, 50 something fiverr. They put the fiverr shit's, so black, we are not anti-union, but we are not neutral either. So wait we're not anti-union, but we're not neutral either. That there's there's really only three stances. That means anti or neutral. So we're not anti we're, not neutral so you're pro union yeah. Somehow I don't our direct relationship with associates as best for the associate the business and our shareholders. We do not believe unions are in the best interest of our customers, our shareholders or, most importantly, our associates. Our business model is built upon speed, innovation and customer obsession. Customer obsession bro [, __ ]. Can you not say customer obsession? What do you even mean by that that what that means is they're? Listening to you on alexa, oh, I see I like customer service. That's true! You have a good customer. Let's not, let's start saying obsession, that's weird yeah and our obsession with customers, knowing everything about them, the sound of their voice where they live. What time they go to bed obsession, we have new technology that can smell them through the speaker, ethan you're smelling a little babaganushi today. We're obsessed and unions will get in our way of that that are generally not associated with unions. When we lose sight of those critical focus areas, we jeopardize everyone's job security. We don't bad mouth unions in general, but we will speak openly with associates about unions, including any specific concerns about particular unions involved in organizing, and we share our preference for a direct working relationship frequently and boldly. Even when no organizing activity has occurred, you will learn we're going to hit you with this propaganda. This is really no matter what warning signs most commonly associated with early union- organizing, oh my god, recognizing the warning signs of organizing this is crazy. This is so dystopian. There's other warning signs that could indicate associate disengagement, vulnerability to organizing or early organizing activity, while employees have the right to organize. We have a right and responsibility to share our position that a direct working relationship is better for the customer, the company and the associate. In order to be able to do that effectively. It is critical that we recognize a south park sketch yeah seriously. It's like almost satire. I mean they legally can't say you'll get in trouble. If you try and organize like they're trying they're like they're like trying to say [ __ ] with their eyes blinking, you know yes, they're like you will not be fired. If you join a union right remorse code in it they're skirting the line as close as possible to not breaking the law, we are customer obsessed and what that means is we know everything about you concerns promptly. If you see warning signs of potential organizing notify your building, hrm and gm site leader immediately, are you [, __ ] kidding me hey dude? This is straight communism like like snitching on your co-workers. Like hey, you go to hr, so uh I've got some intel that jennifer may be organizing. Then you take it on the comms and [ __ ] red lights come down start flashing. The sprinklers go on, hey jennifer may be organizing. Well, that's why they're they're barreling head first to automating these warehouses completely, because then they don't have to worry about it right, robots, don't need unions exactly well! Basically, when you see how these warehouses work, they're, basically just robots, I mean um yeah. They kind of left that out of the video they really are just like automated human beings, and it's so obvious that we just haven't invented a robot that can do what you do yet as cheaply yeah, but you can tell by the way that they run it, that they're ready to just sub in the human beings for the robots, any second yep hrms and gm site leaders should notify their assigned er managers or er principal immediately principal. The most obvious signs would include use of words associated with unions or union-led movements like living wage or steward living wage. If anyone mentions living wage report them grievance living wage, what the [ __ ]- that's, not a union word, that's someone who wants a living wage? Oh my god, dude! Oh man! I cannot believe what I'm seeing yeah I mean. I knew that they did this, but hey uh, it's pretty wild, actually carol. I mean hi carol, so I just want to report that kevin here was talking about wanting a living wage, so you may want to make him disappear. Yeah, exactly okay, we're on it ship his ass in a box and send him to the atlantic one day, amazon express or other concerted activity such as an associate purporting to speak on behalf of his or her living wages and concerns union graffiti union t-shirts, hats, jackets or other clothing, union flyers and union visitors in or near the parking lot. His voice got a lot less friendly science than finding the actual union flyer, but they can still indicate associate disengagement, which is itself a warning sign for potential. Organizing examples include associates who normally aren't connected to each other. Suddenly hanging out together, whoa suddenly stop speaking to each other. No fraternizing! You hear that yeah conversations with people that shouldn't be talking to each other, this shit's wild, this [ __ ], makes me want to stop using amazon change involvement. I already felt that way a little bit, but seeing this holy company [ __ ] up better when approached by management, increased, associate, negativity, anger or confrontation, unusual complaints or change in passion or detail, around change in passion to [, __, ], warehouse policies, benefits, employee lists or other company information, or any other associate behavior. That is out of character. For example, an associate who normally leaves promptly begins hanging out in the break room for an hour after work each day in order to recognize patients. It is critical that you know what an associate's normal behavior looks like often it is the change in behavior. That is the warning sign more than the effort bro you're talking like a zombie apocalypse. But do you know what I'm saying like it's you're the way you're describing people potentially talking about unionizing is like uh infectious disease or something you must know all of your colleagues behavior. That way, you'll be best able to recognize yeah. Like you said, I mean they spy on us with their alexas and everything. I'm sure it's like tenfold for people that work there, man that that shocked the hell out of me yeah, that's pretty wild man. I I had never seen that before that's pretty juicy huh, I wonder if they like tried to track down whoever leaked it. You know oh yeah, he's in a he's in a he's. In a one day in the middle of the atlantic, he got shipped off to sweden yeah. He was fraternizing with his employ with his co-workers a little too much all right. Well, that's it guys! Uh! Thank you for watching. I hope you had fun. We will see you on friday with oliver tree next week, tuesday. We are here with chris dalia remember to throw up a a uh, a thread dan. I guess oh I did what's up or for crystalia, oh not for chris. No, so should we do let's, let's figure it out, yeah, we'll throw it up, we'll figure it out. Well, that's about it guys! So we'll see you next week have a fantastic week ahead. We won't see you next week, we'll see you on. Oh, I mean god we'll see on friday. I'm so tired though I gotta eat this chick. I think I'm gonna eat this kfc as soon as the camera's off turn it off. I'm hungry all right, we'll see you see you on friday, everybody [Applause] [Music] [Music]. You.