Two welcome everybody to the h3 podcast number 727, don't be don't flatter yourself number 27 in the united states 5.5 on wiki feet. I am your host, the fresh prince of dead air. Today's episode is sponsored by honey and ridge wallets. Now, I'm not exaggerating when I say today, we've got a heck of an episode. Ian is finally coming back after the break with a powerpoint that he's been working on for months. Um we've never done anything like this on the show. So you definitely want to stick around for that before that I do want to slam a little bit of a gerd gang in the house. Now cody cole was on the podcast recently and I was trying to explain to him why I'm constantly coughing. Why am I such a mess and um? I said I've got gerd which has got I don't even notice stands for gastric esophagus. I swear to god reflux disease, it's a disease, one of my many diseases, so somebody was kind enough to to represent the gerd gang with a sick remix. So it's really good by uh pigeon, music, [Music], music [Music]. Oh my! My girls [Music], it's what you call the acid reflux disease that I have dirt is hard [Music]. How many are people in the chat [Music] all right? What else we got um? So basically, I'm torn. Are we super troopers? Are we gerd gang guard? You think we're in the there days are over that's true. We gotta we gotta. Let the fupa days go. We gotta embrace the gerd. I don't want the gerd days either though I don't want either of them. To be honest, can we just be healthy and normal people gang nah? No, no one is listening to that. Podcast is anyone healthy and normal? Are any of you guys healthy and normal, like just don't be shy like if you think, you're healthy and normal, tell me us yeah, you guys, I'm fairly normal dan you're, not normal you're. Not next! I haven't slept yet so yeah you're, [, __ ] up zach zach. Are you healthy and wrong? I think so. Yeah yeah, I think exactly yeah normal crippling anxiety. You have crippling anxiety other than crippling anxiety, yeah other than that. I'm fine. You take anything for that uh. I got prescribed something, but I haven't taken it yet. What do you got? Zoloft, yeah, you're, [, __ ] up, I mean no offense, but I'm just like anxious to take the anxiety medication. No, I was there yeah. We were yeah, but from our experience I would say just take it and worst case stop taking it yeah. You could always stop taking it dan. You think you're healthy and normal huh. I guess you have any diseases. I got no diseases, no, that I know of well. You would know about it if it was if it was bad. So dan has no diseases he's in a steady relationship. He's got. Parents that are are seem to be like normal and productive yeah, good parents right good, good childhood yeah, they're, pretty cool yeah. My childhood was pretty great hands on some king [ __ ]. That was a sound bite right because I don't see why ian would say that and really I think it was down by a fan. No no way dan. Tell me. Are you um? How often do you talk to your parents uh at least once a week? I mean that's weird: why is that weird? What do you mean? Well, when I was in college, I would go like months without talking to them. Uh yeah, I mean. Is that funny, it's kind of funny, because I used to go a lot longer without talking to them. I've actually been talking to them more now that we're in uh in the era of covid. Ironically, I don't know just checking in just on zoom calls or whatever you care about your parents. Do you love them? No, I think. No, I don't. I don't give a [ __ ] about my pants yeah. Of course I do yeah wow. I think I think dan might be an a normal guy, a normal, healthy guy. I feel pretty normal. I don't know you used to vape hard, but you kicked it. I mean that's pretty incredible. Wow we got interesting. We got a normal, healthy guy over here yeah, so you get the award ian. I know you're [ __ ] up, I'm not even gonna. Ask you maybe our new ad. He doesn't he sleeps like three hours a day, so I mean that's. You must have some kind of undiagnosed sleeping disorder, eh or maybe you do have it diagnosed, but that seems that this is yeah. No, I haven't been professionally diagnosed, but I definitely believe I do you might want to check that out. If you're getting so exhausted and stuff I mean sleeping is- is an important function. Yeah. I agree fighting demons in my sleep like every night. Now, oh boring so ian. I don't know if you guys heard, but ian kicked so sam. I think sam moved into you and you just like the sleepwalking monster. I mean you, you were a sleepwalker but like it got much worse right since she moved in. I think because someone's telling me I'm doing it like, I might have been doing that the entire time, but I had no feedback on it. Oh interesting, that's crazy! So yeah! How frequently are you sleepwalking, maybe like four times a week holy [ __ ]? So do you actually sleep? Well, though, or do you wake up tired? I I wake up pretty refreshed, but I have vague memories of the sleepwalking. Usually it's like. I think there are giant spiders in my room and I like throw covers and I like jump out of bed. It's it's intense, the other, the other night sam woke up, and I was just like intently like staring at something she was like. What are you looking at and I was like nothing and I I remember this happening. I thought I saw like a giant snake in the room. Oh my god, just slithering around. Are you just trying not to freak her out so you're like nothing yeah? I was like she's. She, no sudden movements. I don't see anything but in my head I saw like a big snake in the room. So I don't know if you guys recall, but ian like kicked the wall really hard and broke his foot recently, your foot's all healed up, but you're keep sleepwalking is sam, like totally freaked out by by you being up every night, looking for monsters to fight no she's used to it. She's I mean she does a good job calming me down and getting me back back into bed, and then I put my belt back on. Oh my god. Well, the belt's not doing any damn good ian's strapped to the bed now like. How is that you unbuckle like how do you get out yeah? So I think it does help because usually these like- I don't know if you call them night terrors or whatever they last like, maybe 40 to 60 seconds, and I spend some time trying to get out of the buckle um and by the time I get it all. Undone take the whole thing off get up then, usually I'm still in that zone for maybe 20 seconds, and then I realize what I'm doing and go back to bed you wake up by the time you get out yeah. So I think it slows me down a little bit. Maybe you need another buckle, maybe two buckles, maybe a straight jacket, so you have one buckle around your waist that just connects to the bed yeah. It goes under the mattress and then I loop it around and click it in and then yeah it's it's I'm like strapped down to the mattress. So do you have to sleep on your back? Can you sleep on your side? There's there's a little bit of leeway. I have to like pull it and then I can roll over. Does sam sleep on top of the belt yeah does that it doesn't bother her no and she actually likes that, because, if I'm pulling at it or I'm doing something, it alerts her and then she comes out. She calls me down she's a great one. Isn't she yeah? That's awesome, she's, fantastic! I'm glad that she's helping yeah she's helping you through that. That sounds scary. Are you? Do you ever worry that you'll hurt her or yourself when you're sleepwalking? No, not her, because I think that I'm I have enough sense to you know recognize that. That's like a never ever thing that I've never won. You still know who she is, even though you're asleep yeah. All of my little things I do are related to trying to protect myself or her. I'm like. Oh there's, these giant spiders we gotta get. I pulled her out of bed the other day. Oh, my god, is she tired all the time, though, because I guess you're well rested, but what about her being woke up in the middle of the night? Every night I mean who cares, she doesn't complain? No, no! She she says she's. Okay. She finds it funny like sam. I saved your life dude. Why are you not more grateful [Laughter]? No, she said she'll talk to me and I don't remember it. I wonder if you confess weird stuff to her. I know she can like really get into my psyche and I wouldn't know damn you better so interesting, you better cherish that girl, she's she's, a keeper, no you're you're, absolutely right. She is so so. Is there any way like to treat this? Besides, just like nailing your ass to the floor every night, I did a whole sleep study. I had. I talked to specialists and the only thing he said was uh. Try melatonin, that's it did you try melatonin, I tried it and it helped so I'm kind of alternating and taking it now and again to see how effective it is. Why not just take it every night? Well, I want to see if it actually helps, which I think it I think it does. We just started doing that. I used to take melatonin to help me sleep. It works great, I mean for me. It was like a miracle. It just knocked me out. The only thing was the the nights I take it the next morning, I'm so groggy yeah. That's why I stopped dude yeah, it's kind of tough. I tried it one time and that's exactly what I felt just foggy all morning. One one thing I was worried about when you told me about that is like behind. You is a window, then that's like on the third floor or something right. No, my old place was, and that panicked me a lot and I had gone out there a couple times on the balcony when I was sleepwalking, that's dangerous, um, that's [, __, ], scary, yeah, yeah, but actually now we kind of have set up this thing in my room, where, if I try to go the door to get out of the room, we have things in the way that will make noise. If I like, bang over them, so she's got to sprint to you, but I've never tried to like you know, exit, so I think we're fine and we're way closer to the to the ground level. That's in the new place we got to get like a bungee hook it to the floor and then like hook it to your back, so that if you try to walk too far away from the bed, it just yanks your ass back. I need like a like a bell around my couch as well: yeah holy [, __, ] yeah, that's pretty crazy! So as to your original question, yeah a little [ __ ] up yeah, you know you used to have a tremor when you started, but I feel like it's gone away, I mean I haven't seen you. We probably don't see you enough yeah. I still have it. I I take medication though so that is it just a random tremor kind of like what bobby described or is it something? No, it's the same thing essential tremor. I mean like you. Actually, if I hold my hand up, it looks fine or what's a little shaky, I mean yeah, I mean and I'm taking stuff. So sometimes you can get a little bad. I think people notice it now and again, if I like reach up and fix my hair, I'm kind of like shaky, but it definitely helps the stuff. I take so ian, it's good to hear from you yeah, but the chat guys, there's no sound bites that entire time zach, what the hell. What are you doing back still yeah it was, I was you know letting you uh talk, and I mean it's it's a heartwarming story. Thank you. I do want to ask you guys your story. I appreciate that. Thank you. I I do want to ask because I'm kind of a sick, [, __ ], but do you ever get kinky with like the bed, strap thing zach. This is take it to only fans, dude wait. How would that even work? I mean it's just a strap. What can you do with it? How you down, or some [ __ ], you know? Well, you could do that without the bed. Strap have you ever been tied down, zach uh? Yes, I have actually zach. Have you read nas? Yes, I have. I think, we've already covered that we did this cover territory right, okay, yeah and did she shower directly before was the heat of the moment after a hike, no [ __ ] way? Are you kidding me? No, I'm not kidding what you ate ass after a hike, bro holy [, __, ] yeah. How did it taste fantastic, holy [, __ ]? That's why I'm saying I'm a sick, [, __, ], [ __ ] dude ate ass after a hike. Was it a hot day you ate the poopoo yeah um? No, it was a you know. It was a nice temperature, 75 degrees. Okay, that doesn't matter it's a [, __ ] hike. Did you ask? Could you tell if she wiped really good before or not? Oh, my god, yeah yeah yeah yeah. There was no poop, no no poo-poo, not even like residual, probably a little residual, definitely residual it was it was. You know, just like an an ass smell. You know it's like a good ass smell, hey [, __ ]. It I mean. What's that I mean no. I think I think why not you know what I think ask him. Yeah god bless him. I think there's a lot of women that that are like appreciate that he's willing to do that. Yeah yeah. I mean a lot not but a lot. Yes yeah. You should put it on your tender profile. I will eat ass after a hike I will eat. I will eat your ass after I guess. I hate it incredible stuff, guys uh. This is ian trying to deliver food, but then he got sleepwalks, I'm trying to make it applicable because I love it dan liked it damn people are so unexpected yeah. Thank you. I love that having dan here he laughs and I feel so funny dan. You would make a great girlfriend in that regard a great girlfriend too. Why just because, like such explosive, I would feel so funny around him all the time, oh to you, yeah cause. You know when they say I've heard this. You can tell me if it's right, you can tell a girl's into you if she's laughing at all your jokes yeah, I mean sure, is that a good um indicator, maybe not because she's lying but she's just happy to be around you. Oh she's, I mean or, but would you force yourself to laugh if you were around a guy you liked? No, but I guess you'll probably see it in different land lands. Yeah like you're, like oh yeah, you're, just being flirty right, you're, smiling, you're laughing yeah, so dan would make a really good girlfriend. I would feel very happy and funny all the time. Well, listen if it doesn't work out between you guys well with eli number I'll tell you with ela. I have to I'm like doing a batting with weights on you know what I mean. You're like I've got I'm operating at a handicap, but it makes me funnier because you're, a tough cookie you're, a tough kid right. Okay, if I come out with with jokes like this, if I come out with jokes like this ian uh keep walking with food, you think I'm gonna get a giggle from ela hell, no hell, no, not funny right! So anyway, don't say anything I'm just kidding around but come on. You know you what what is this? Why are we fighting now? I'm just trying to talk about bella, thorne scamming people for titties? Oh, can we give everyone an update that I have a secret drawer now for the snacks? Oh, yes, continuing on last week's after dark, we got into a somewhat heated debate because I said you know if I was an alcoholic, you would have no problem, hiding your alcohol from me, not even hiding, but just putting it out of sight but like when I go ela. You know I've caught a problem with food and you've got like the most insane snacks out, and I, when I ask you, maybe to put it somewhere else, because it's not good for me. You says you just got to control yourself and I was like imagine saying that to an addict. It would feel it would, it would be, it would feel crazy. I was only merely trying to say that as a point as an interesting observation, not really an attack on you, but regardless eila did smoove all of her drawers or snacks into a drawer, and I have to tell you I've been doing really well nice yeah. I know where they are. It's just it's not. In my face every time I go in the pantry yeah cool because I'll go in there to like get beans or pasta or whatever cooking dinner right and then all of a sudden. It's like! Oh a panda surprise. It's like these little cookies with chocolate in the middle little pandas pokey got it. It's like dude I'll, just take one pokey and then all of a sudden one is five, because there's there's so little I'll go it's only like 30 calories per pokey, then I eat a whole pack and it's like 300 calories to my [ __ ] dome and empty calories. Haha [, __ ], I'm laughing because you big mad [Music] all right. Let's actually talk about bell ela. How much to how much would first of all bella thorne made two million dollars in like one week, so my question for you ela is: would you show your titties for two million? Hmm, two million bucks, it's a lot of money, but I probably wouldn't, but because I could technically right, yeah, of course, yeah. Of course it's an interesting question. Yeah! It's not like it's not like hypothetical yeah real question. Oh that I don't know if people are gonna pay as much as bella, thorne, probably not yeah, probably not, but but then it's like you have to keep com. It's a commitment right, the only fans, it's not like here's. My tits give me two million bucks yeah, but would you well I'm not doing it? I guess dancers know no, but um I don't I've, not. I mean good for them for everyone on the only face. Well, she didn't show her tits, that's the problem, but I was just curious. What were your um, because people keep waiting for our sex tape and I still don't know who wants to watch that? But sex tape, how much billion billion dollars billionaires shouldn't exist either. So, let's not give those. This is like all pay for it. So anyway, bella thorne she apologizes for ruining only fans. I gotta say it's pretty incredible- that bella thorne came in and [ __ ] up the entire platform. It's incredible that she was able to do this because a lot of people were complaining like this girl is hollywood, she's, mainstream she's coming in and taking advantage of our platform, and at first I thought they were overreacting and being a little bit ridiculous, but it turns out. She really did she made two million dollars record breaking by far, but in response to the amount of chargebacks and refund requests, people got because she did not deliver on her claim that they would be fully nudes. Is they capped tipping to a hundred dollars and pay-per-view charges to fifty dollars and extended in some uh countries the waiting period to transfer funds up to 30 days? So I can imagine you know for a lot of girls that probably limits the amount of income they can make, which is crazy because it just gives you a little um glimpse into what's going on and only fans like, I mean 50 to 100 sound like a good tip but yeah 100 tip well dude. If you put a candle in your ass and light it I mean I'm expecting a bigger tip than a hundred okay. Some requests get out there right. So at a certain point. 100 is not enough hilo, but um right, zach, right zach you were in. Have you beat off to her? Only fans be honest. There's nothing on there. Dude, no wonder even wants their money back yeah I mean I sub unsubbed that [ __ ]. I mean disappointment. She gave me crazy instead of blue balls. She gave me bell balls bell balls. Why, like blue ball, it was a bad joke. Oh belle, [, __ ] me bella balls, ella balls. You know you think. If you brought in that much money, you would be like [ __ ], I gotta go, show my butthole or something because people are gonna bounce. You know what I mean like you, gotta deliver on two million bucks. She's gonna show her titties yeah you gotta deliver. So anyway, she charged two hundred dollars for a nude photo, which was a purchase uh sent via only fans causing a torrent of refund requests because she was full. She was [, __, ] clothed in the pic I mean what the [ __ ] now. Can someone explain this? The nude offer may have come from an imitation account yeah. I don't know what the [ __ ]. Does that mean last time too and um? I I tried to research it some more and couldn't really find a definitive answer about it, but yeah she as far as I've seen she hasn't denied it, which seems like that would be an obvious thing to deny since she's getting so much heat, so I'm leaning towards it being legitimate. I think it has to be legitimate and there's all as we're gonna discuss uh. She she seems to be willing to uh lie about some other things as well, so I wouldn't really put it past her. I guess okay, uh here we go. This is her apology. She was doing this to remove the stigma behind sex sex workers and the negativity that surrounds the word sex by bringing a mainstream face to what's what I was trying, that's what I was trying to do to help bring more faces to the site to create more revenue, [ __ ]. You made two hundred dollars, you didn't even show your titties and if you really cared you would have donated it to charity and then nobody would be angry. She got paid dude come on yeah. I wanted to bring attention to sight the more people on the site, the more likely a chance of normalizing the stigma. There's already a lot of people on the side, yeah yeah, exactly only fans, is like a mainstream meme. At this point, although I have risked my career a few times to remove the stigma behind sex work yeah, but you didn't even show titties, I mean, what's the risk right, what was it? Zach, what what was it? Why were wh? Why were these photos behind a paywall? What did you see? It was literally just [ __ ] she'd post on her instagram, and then she did like a a vogue. You know those vogue 73 question thing: she did like an intro video like that for the only fans yeah, it was just [ __, ] dude. It was just regular content, yeah like not even like a thong or lingerie or anything it's bikini, and I mean you see some nip, but that's about it like like through the bikini um, yeah um, but no dude. I mean you can find that [ __ ] on instagram. Oh my god. That's how would you call that sex work yeah exactly? I think this apology just dude. That's not sex work, dude! It's a paid, [ __, ] instagram! That's what that was. I'm a mainstream face! Yeah you've said that she keeps saying that it's like you're flattering yourself, I'm a mainstream face. When you have a voice, a platform you try to use it in helping others. That's why I made two million dollars in pocketed it advocating for something bigger than yourself again. This is a process that hurt you and that I'm truly sorry p.s. I'm meeting with the only fans about the new restrictions to find out. Why and now she's like I'm the savior, I'm gonna, save and fix everything. This is [ __, ] up, I'm sorry, yadda yadda, send me your links and a pic, and I can promote you guys: yeah [, __, ], lame. Weird, that's a that's just an apology written by like a pr ah agency too many like weird grammatical mistakes, because I'm mainstream and I'm a mainstream face, and I'm just so famous and popular. I thought I could bring more people to your website and I did do that. But uh I destroyed the whole platform in the process and I didn't really show titties, but I was just trying to help the sex workers dude, there's girls in there taking can burning candles up their ass. You want to talk about sex work god. I love her, who the burning candle, lady or the fake nudes, it's gotta be guys right. Yeah. We can infer that it was the candle yeah, so this is when it gets a really weird wrinkle in the story. In an interview with the la times, thorne said she was working. She was on only fans as a research for a documentary with director sean baker. She said it's a feature. We are researching as I'm living it. Currently she shared, but then baker. This director uh immediately put out a statement saying I am not attached to this project. It's a really weird lie to say because he's like, I love that, so he tweeted this out immediately. He said I would like to make it very clear that the news of me making a film about only fans using bella thorne as research, is false. I am not attached to this project, I'm actually in development, on two features that I put years of research and love into, and neither of these films have anything to do with mrs thorne or only fans. Earlier this month I had a conversation with her and discussed a possible collaboration in the far future that would focus on her life and the circumstances leading to her joining. Only fans on that call. I advise her team to consult with sex workers and address the way she went about it as to not hurt the sex work industry. This has been the extent of my involvement. I am an ally and have literally devoted my career to tell stories that remove stigma, normalize lifestyles that are under attack, I wouldn't do anything that could possibly hurt the community. So please know that this news is not correct. Thank you. Is she gonna get sued for fraud, there's a really good chance. She's gonna get because you know only fans has got to be pissed because now they're in the center of this controversy, they're losing a ton of money getting charged back. You know when you're, when you're partnered up with a credit card company a processor. If you get too many chargebacks, it can really affect your business. They can drop you they can increase your percentage. So interesting, apparently part of this too, is that they were paying out the uh, the users um without delay that that's part of like these changes. They added a 30-day waiting period because they were already paying out people and then the charge back would happen. Oh [ __ ] crazy, so they probably just she's got two million dollars in her account and then they got like a million dollars of refunds and chargebacks yeah and they they can't retrieve that from she definitely took it mainstream. You know what I mean: that's what happens right. What was that job rule what'd? You say: that's not fraud. I think it might be actually well. I would call that uh false advertising right interesting. Well, that's a good, important distinction to make for sure all right. We're going to take a quick break when we come back is going to be the long awaited epic ian's powerpoint that has been he's been working on in the shadows for months. The hype hype is overwhelming, excitement thrills, so don't go away. When we come back, we are about to get our minds. Blown join, honey.com h3. What is that? What it is is that you will go to that landing page support our show, support our sponsor. You do this plug-in. You click! It two clicks. You install this plug-in honey. What is honey, what does it do? Let's say: you're shopping on the on the internet anywhere pretty much any site. All the major sites have got this thing plugged in you get to the checkout, and then it gives you this little slot says hey. Do you got a coupon? No, you never have a coupon. So sometimes, if you're really desperate times, you're gonna open that second window and you're gonna be like uh uh best buy coupon you're gonna try budgets, none of them work. Maybe one eventually does that's what honey does for you immediately. It scours the internet for working coupon codes and automatically applies it at checkout. Take for example, either. Why don't you explain what we're looking at here ela? Sometimes this website will even have a code presented on their home page like um as spring cell they'll, say, use code spring 50 at checkout, but you'll miss it yeah. It happens to me a lot yeah, and so this just makes sure it just at checkout, immediately scans everything possible and applies. It best deal possible um. I was shopping at levi's and I totally thought some stuff were already on sale, so I didn't even think there would be an extra discount on a sale, yeah insane so um. This just came up and that's totally I was not expecting anything so this popped up automatically at checkout. You saved a hundred and eleven dollars. It's basically fifty percent yeah. It's insane, and this happens all the time when you have honey and stuff. This is a really extreme case, but this just happened to me very recently. They support over 30 000 stores. It's completely free and easy to install and uh. You really have nothing to lose. They've saved their 17 million members over two billion dollars. It's incredible you've got nothing to lose it's one of the best things ever. If you don't already have it, you are missing out on free money straight up, it's literally free and takes seconds to install and by getting it you'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting our show. So to get honey, go for the free honey download at joinhoney.com h3! That's joinhoney.com, h3 you're, going to revolutionize your browsing experience. Do you see this? It is way more than what meets the eye. This is the ridge wallet. The futuristic wallet is going to change the game. Now, listen up. I've been with my whole life, a fat costanzo wallet. You put receipts cards cash coins. All this crap, you don't need, and it's just it's too much. You know my wallet used to literally pull my pants down, and so what the ridge wallet does. Is it just minimal minimizes and makes this the ideal situation we're having a wallet? It's got slots right here. You slide your cards in. You can fit up to like 11.. You push them out here. It holds them securely and safely. Okay, here you've got a clip for money. Super strong super durable that money's not going anywhere. What you've got here is super sturdy metal. This thing it has a lifetime warranty, it will never break and also by the way, the slick, metal, uh container, prevents people from scanning your card and hacking you, which apparently people do now [ __ ] that by the way, but they can't with ridge. So there you go, uh holds up to 12 cards, apologies and check out all these cool designs here on their website uh boom. I, like honestly, the titanium burnt. I, like all my [ __ ] burnt. I, like my bacon burnt, just like I, like my titanium, like I, like my bacon burnt anybody. I like mine, like I, like my champagne rose. Oh that looks sick. It's like rose gold, it's awesome, um, there's 30, colors and styles. They've got 30 000 five star reviews. It's a durable material. That means each wallet comes with a lifetime. Warranty you buy this once you buy it for life bridge is so confident, you'll like it. You can use it for 45 days and send it back for a full refund. If you don't love it so uh for 10 off today and free worldwide shipping and returns go to ridge.com h3 and use code. H3 now, we've all been adapted to ridge, we're all using ridge. Now and I'm not I'm not blowing smoke up your ass. This thing is awesome. I mean have you seen women's wallets, it's like the size of the notebook. We don't need it. The thing is like you used to have to carry around coins and [ __ ] documents, and all this [ __ ]. Look that stuff's all ancient tech bridge wallet, all right, ridge, dot, com, slash h. We get 10 off and free worldwide shipping returns. We are back. I am not going to waste any time ian. What do we have here today? We got another powerpoint hot off the press. I cannot believe it. I've been waiting for it forever, a lot of requests for powerpoints ian. How long have you been working on this project? Uh I've been kind of putting it together for maybe the last month or so, and you've been working on it in secret too. I didn't even know about this powerpoint until relatively recently, but there's like been a collab there's been um. There's just been a lot of interesting moving parts. Uh that's been going on in the shadows, so I'm very impressed yeah. I had to go back and forth with with somebody a little bit to put it together, so we finally just finished it. I think this last weekend. So so what is the topic here? What are we uh exploring? Well, I got a little intro to set it up. Sorry great play this and then we'll go from there. [Music] [Applause] welcome to the future holy [ __ ] that wasn't jay-z. That was a robot [Music]. This is a crazy season of west world dude [Music] [Applause] [Music] yeah. What does it mean? What does it all mean ian? Well, we'll we're gonna get into that. The presentation is called j.I and the march of the musical machines, wow and uh. That's the topic. Uh artificial intelligence in music. There's been some interesting things going on. So I wanted to kind of compile some of it and share with you guys so excited our story begins with a rapper, a robot and a navy seal. So I don't know if you guys heard this story. A few months ago, uh a channel by the name of vocal synthesis, put up this video of jay-z uh wrapping the navy seal copy pasta. Oh, he trained a machine to mimic his voice and then it would output whatever text he put into the machine. So if you guys want to take a listen here, absolutely what the [ __ ] did you just [, __ ] say about me: you little [, __ ]. All of you know I graduated top of my class in the navy seals and I've been involved. The number of secret raids on earthquake- and I have over 300 confirmed, kills I'm training, girl or warfare and I'm the top slapper in the entire u.s armed forces. Oh, that's so cool yeah, but I wonder what jay-z thinks about this. Did he ever acknowledge this uh? Actually he did that's. Actually. What set off this whole thing? How I first heard about this channel uh. One day later, the video was taken off youtube. Oh, come on and uh there were multiple articles written about it. Uh issued a copyright strike wow. So this is a really interesting uh precedent here, yeah it sort of opens an interesting conversation about you know who owns it: ownership and I reached out to the channel, uh vocal synthesis and he actually kind of described what happened um yeah in april I posted three videos of my jay-z voice model. Wrapping various texts. The next day I received an email from youtube that the videos have been removed due to a copyright, takedown notice from roc nation llc. When I clicked for further details, the reason stated was this: content unlawfully uses an ai to impersonate our client's voice wow. I was pretty surprised at this since, as far as I'm aware, this was the first time youtube had removed a video for impersonating a voice using ai I'd, been posting these kind of videos for months and had not had any other videos removed. For this reason, the day after the takedown I posted about the situation on the community tab, I made a video about it as well. Thankfully, this was able to generate enough media attention that someone from youtube looked into it and reversed the original decision. The official reason was, after viewing the dmca takedown requests for the videos in question. We determined that they were incomplete, pending additional information from the claimant. We have temporarily reinstated the videos wait. I have to comment on this because I don't think you can dmca remove. For that reason. Dmca is for copyright, not for impersonating ai, I feel like he has right. He has a legal standing to counter sue them for damages so but uh just in general. What do you think about this topic? It's crazy. I never even thought about that. It was super crazy. I don't know, I think well, first of all, there's no there's for sure no legal precedent so like, but but theoretically I totally I mean you like you shouldn't be able to just make an album. That sounds exactly like jay-z, like you know what I mean I feel like. That's, I feel like it's it's it's like. This is just one project, that's kind of novel and fun and exciting yeah, but like he could use this to actually make an album, especially as the technology gets better as jay-z, and I wouldn't and that's [ __ ] up from jay-z's standpoint, though, if there isn't an option right now for ai, whatever reason for the takedown, then he probably just used whatever was available, which the closest one is the copyright yeah. I don't know they. I they probably need to go. They probably they need to figure out. I don't think that's what the dmca is for. They need to figure out some other legal uh approach. I I I don't know. Although yeah, which is uh youtube, obviously said, no, we need more information and then def jam did not pursue it further and his videos went back up after this all happened: wow wow! Well, that's! This is mind-blowing yeah. It's definitely an interesting thing because obviously he could get away with parody. But, as you said, that's his voice, yeah, and so there is an interesting question there. You know there's deep fakes where they do with the sex porn with someone else's face. So I think it's the same argument to be made there. I guess I never thought to take it down like if someone made one of me, it kind of seems, like you said it's almost like um, just funny or novel idea, but I guess it's just because the technology is new still to us. Yes, once it gets better, okay, let's, let's draw it out too. It's like ultimate conclusion: let's say: there's vr porn and in the vr porn they put your face on a body and it's indistinguishable from from having sex with you yeah, it's your life. It is you it's not your likeness, it's you right so I mean, and then, in the case of of any musical artist uh, they could do the same right. So there's definitely an interesting dialogue. There, uh yeah and actually so I kind of looked into the developments of this technology a little bit. So I kind of chronicled it a little bit. So we can have a little history lesson on the whole thing. The first musical composition made entirely by a computer, the iliac one was programmed in 1957 by these two dudes laharan hiller and leonard isaacson. It's called the iliac suite, so they put in a bunch of data from like famous composers, you know beethoven and mozart and stuff and they trained the machine to emulate their style and output its own score. It created 1957 yeah, so this has been around a while. So obviously it couldn't it couldn't generate the music itself, but it created sheet music and then an actual set of musicians played it. So here's a little sample of it [Music]. So this is written by a computer and the this is what the computer looked like. That's the wait I want to keep hearing. Does it go anywhere yeah? Let me hear this part [Music]. So how was this song received by like music critics uh? I think you know at the time. Obviously it's impressive in the world of computing, but I think it's probably viewed as kind of a novel idea or maybe a gimmick or something I don't think you could really take it and fill up a concert hall or something, but but it worked yeah it worked and it was definitely kind of ushering in a new way of approaching music. I think- and so that was the first piece of music composed by a computer and then a few years later, the first singing computer was an ibm 7094 programmed in 1961 by john kelly and carol lochbaum. So this is the first computer that actually made voice uh, and this might sound familiar, I'm not sure if any of you guys have heard this before, but I'll play a quick little bit of it. Wow so was that was kubrick referencing that when he actually inspired that scene from 2001 right with how that sings, that song is because of which was referred to as daisy, so that was the first computer generated singing voice, wow 1961 fascinating that was creepy as [ __ ] super eerie he's playing it keep playing it for me, [Music] yeah. It's very bizarre, so I asked vocal synthesis kind of how he did his jay-z voice and he explained it to me it's a little confusing. I don't know if you want to read it ethan. No, you you read it you're doing a man first, I gather a training set consisting of transcribed audio of the speaker. Ideally, this would be at least a couple hours of clear, high quality audio with minimal background noise. This is somewhat tedious manual process, as I have to sync up the audio with the transcript and filter out parts of the audio that are unusable for training eg. If there's too much background noise or multiple voices overlapping, once the training set is constructed, I fine-tune the tacotron 2 model, that's the name of the program that he uses, which takes 6 to 12 hours. The result of this will be a voice model where I can pass in any text sentence by sentence and it will output audio. That sounds like the voice. Reading. That text is guys some kind of genius or what who is this guy so uh? All of this is um uh available. You could anyone can do this yeah? You can go get this like tacotron2. You can get the code, it's all you just subscribe. You feed it in you call it a day. It would be really easy to do it to me, because I'm just talking on the podcast all day right, there's hours, yeah, yeah yeah, you have a lot of source material, so it would be very easy for you to to have that done. Someone knows how to do it. Obviously. So since the first singing computer we've had many developments, uh in 1997 sony, computer science laboratories, music research team is founded going on to develop numerous technologies related to electronic based music. So sony has a whole division kind of devoted to advancing this technology. This was in 2002. It's called the continuator, which I found kind of interesting. It's you play a piece, so the computer is analyzing all this there's something with the audio [Music] he's having a duet with the uh robot [Music]. So it it yeah. It takes what you play and then it scans it and registers which notes and you're pacing and your selections, and then it takes that and it continues it on. Oh, my god without you so uh yeah. That's that's been developed a lot further since then that was kind of the first instance of that in 2002, but there's now things that you'll play some notes and it will finish out a whole song. So it's pretty interesting and then more recently, there's this uh thing called ava created in 2016.. It's the first virtual composer to be recognized by a music society based in france using deep learning and reinforcement learning systems, it emulates classical styles, like bach and beethoven, scanning, their works and creating new ones to be used in video games, commercials, etc. So this technology is actually applied commercially yeah, wow yeah, so here's a little example of how it works to describe it. So how did ava learn to be a classical composer? It starts with a huge database of classical music that's stored in midi format. This means that the computer knows every note and chord that's played, including the pacing and rhythm, using a recurrent neural network. It looks for patterns in the selected tracks to understand the basic style of the music ava practices by predicting what notes will come next in the track once it gets good at these predictions it creates a set of rules for that style of music. It's now ready to create an original score, so it just scans it all and through trial and error figures out all the exact patterns to uh make like a functioning uh product and so this program. I actually have a little example of this. What it sounds like [Music], so there's a whole. I mean this is an hour that just generates keep playing it curious. Really. You know they say that creatives will be the last ones to lose their jobs to ai, but this proves that wrong completely like. Why do why would you even pay a music? Well, you know, obviously, but like it's going in the direction where you can just have an ai squirt out a a cinematic tune for your movie and in a way it makes me wonder like. Would it make it cheaper, then, of course, so it kind of like will change the whole value of things and, as you can see, what's valuable you could probably be like. I didn't like that one do another one yeah! Well with the composer. It's like how much effort's gone into that song. I just spent like three months on this yeah. Let me hear some more ian. Okay, [Music] this one's called imai wow, I'm very uh self-aware. Can you skip forward so are makes me wonder like how much does it learn, because maybe what's special about you being human? Is that like there's a little bit unpredicted or like putting in there's something a little bit unpredictable? But then would it learn that too? Yes? So I would learn that because I feel, like everything is a pattern right, even like best musicians, let's say something a little unpredictable or something whatever it is they're doing, there's some kind of pattern to it right yeah. Is there any? What do composers think about this? Are musicians scared of this robot I mean if you go down in the comments. There are a lot of people who who are writing things like I do this for a living. This does make me a little uneasy. I definitely saw a lot of that. Obviously this is pretty new. This was I mean this company ava was made in 2016., but you can actually go and license ava right now, if you wanted to and churn out music for your for your uh products wow. So this is a whole other application of this software uh. It's called vocaloids and it takes singing computers to new heights. A vocaloid like famed, japanese sensation. Hatsune miku is a piece of software that articulates lyrics in the voice of a character. The first vocaloid made in 2000 by yamaha was originally named daisy in reference to that original singing computer. I showed you guys back from the 60s, so the I mean I'm sure you guys are already familiar with this, but this is kind of like a pop sensation in japan. That is completely you know, generated by a computer and the character doesn't exist but still sells out concerts all over the world. This [ __ ] is so crazy. Like look at the size of this concert, so is this a hologram or just a screen? Yeah? It's a. I mean it's a screen that they project they project it onto the screen, so it kind of looks like a hologram effect. So I wonder if there's I wonder, if, like the dancing is probably based on somebody's actual movements, yeah I mean I I'm sure, but then the whole voice and the song and everything is just. I can't believe people actually go to see this, I mean not not to belittle their their enjoyment. It's just it's just surprising. Well, this uh, this character, uh, was actually supposed to play at this year's coachella. Really oh yeah [ __ ]. There was a slot how how high up was she in the um and, I think leaderboard, I think, like the fourth line down wow and because I wonder, I wonder if she could play two venues at the same exact time or if it's like a whole team dedicated to her interesting question, because you know it's kind of like it kind of cheapens the experience of seeing her right if she's playing at other venues like all over the world. At the same time, I wonder, I think they can blast her out, though, because like technically the company that makes hatsune the vocaloid doesn't own uh doesn't own anything that is then made with that software. We could buy this software right now. If we wanted to yeah. I was about to say that I've I've heard that people uh sample her voice in their own music, like it's kind of like an open source like voice interesting. I think, having said that, the company I think they put on like expos and things and they try and be pretty involved with the whole with the whole thing, but that doesn't give them. You know control over the product and do you think that there's hot sunni miku porn I mean yeah, come on of course yeah? But actually, what's you know so tantalizing about the idea of this machine for for labels and things like that is then they build a big brand presence. They can license her out all over the place. Uh. There are so many commercials with with hatsune, and you don't have to worry about dealing with any talent. You just throw it around crazy. Whoever will pay. So I don't know if you guys have seen this. Apparently this went viral. This dominoes remember yeah. I I vaguely remember it, but I'd love to watch it. I I only saw for the first time last night and I was blown away. It's so funny hello, everyone, I'm scott, president of domino's pizza, have you heard of hatsune miku today, I'd like to announce a new collaborative project featuring hatsune, miku domino's, app featuring hatsune miku hatsune miku exists in a software called vocaloid. Vocaloid enables you to produce songs, a character named hatsune miku sings the songs you create a great feature. Is you can create songs, as you like? I knew our talented domino's pizza crew could work together and create great. What's with the vocaloids close-up of his eyes, yeah, it's so strange. I want to watch the whole thing yeah. I don't want to miss a moment. [Music] yoshi, furitsukeshi, [Music], vocaloid songs have been created with the fantastic imagination of the crews from all over japan. The challenge was successfully carried out and this new collaborative app was produced. [Music] [Applause] [Music], based on miku's image, the domino's app changes its appearance, a lot of music and illustrations produced by domino's crew are here from the menu to the order. It looks very cute, just like miku once your pizza is delivered, have some fun with miku. It comes with a social camera function and you can take various poses pictures of miku, very cool and, last but not least, the live performance start the pizza stage live and point the camera towards the pizza box, and the pizza box will turn into a live dancing venue a live performance of love for night produced by domino's crew. Here we go what that [ __ ] is so crazy, yeah. It's so bizarre. It's kind of an epic collab. It is an epic, but it's like it's so dystopian and weird I mean their app looks a lot more fun to use with the like all the custom I'd buy, I mean give me any reason to buy a pie and you go on youtube and you can look up like hatsune, miku, commercial, compilations and she's just been licensed out to everything wow. So it's it's perfect. So then here's another we're again near the end of it here, but this is another company called jukebox ai. That vocal synthesis actually told me to check out it's backed by microsoft, and it was recently started up in san francisco. It involves the whole process of generating music even further, and I got a couple audio samples from their website here. So this is country and the style of allen, jackson and what this system does. Is you just insert like thousands and thousands of hours, of musical data uh from all genres just all over the place, and it can take it and even the voice of of people, so they tell them alan jackson and we want country and it creates a whole new song with lyrics that has never existed before sung by alan jackson, so it builds a whole new song, and you just hear this. This didn't exist until the software uh produced it [Applause], [Music] [Applause], you all can know it's gonna, be all right. Let the doctor spread away [Music] and you you gotta, do the same. It's a little [ __ ] up [Music], that's gonna kind of make. You feel like an idiot as an artist you're like yeah, the robot, the robot was like yeah, I get you. I can do that [ __, ] yeah. The voice is a little warbly because you know, but it wrote the lyrics. It created the musical composition how the lyrics were sung just taking information from alan jackson's, previous songs and catalog, and just made this wow and the the audio is a little off, but this is fairly new technology. This was posted four months ago um, so you have to just expand it out. Like 10 15 years, you could just pop out an allen: jackson album yeah. When he's when, when artists are gone, you can have robots, making new music for them, yeah so uh and they could they can put in like. Oh, we want kind of like a disco, alan jackson, album, and then it could do it do we have that they haven't posted that yet but uh it's it's a possibility. Here's another example classic pop in the style of frank sinatra: it's christmas time when you know what that means: [Music]! Oh the touch of time as I like the trees, [Music], it's so creepy yeah, it's pretty unsettling right yeah. I know I wonder if it means that, like as a just as a listener, if you had like a weird fantasy like I'd, want to hear michael jackson rap, then you would be able to just request that, probably or like artists yeah that never coexisted, uh collaborating or something jimi hendrix does a guitar solo with kurt cobain or something right. That's something, though, that they actually have described on their site is we can pick any genre, pick any artist and do kind of like what, if scenario yeah so uh yeah, and then they have all these things where they finish songs, you can find them on youtube. If you search like uh, open ai finished song, like someone did like a smash mouth one where they give it the first 20 seconds, and then the ai makes the end, and that sounds like a new song. Obviously I didn't include it because copyrighted music, but um no there's a whole wormhole of this stuff. So interesting, is this channel jukebox ai popular is there? Is this these tracks have a lot of listens? I mean not as much as you'd think for something like this, because it's still that warbly voice, it's not like as polished once they hit that point. Maybe this is a song that you'd want to listen to so we'll see, but um, combined with all developments, we've seen in the jay-z deep, fake navy seal incident that began our story. Hologram tours such as the whitney houston experience, start to raise some interesting questions regarding the future of music and ownership of an artist's identity. So I'm sure you've heard of these like hologram tours that have started to become a thing um. This was the most recent one that was actually going uh right before lockdown at the beginning of this year with whitney houston and when you look at something like this, this is a concert from back in I think, january or february. The people all attended with whitney houston her estate signed off on it. So this hologram was just touring the us now, if you take this, oh those are real dancers on either side of her, want them and there's a full band. But then she is a hologram. Oh, my god, what that's a weird gig as a dancer, look at them, they're dancing with the ghost. So if you you'd like to imagine, you know, jump forward a decade from now you take this, you combine it with open ai jukebox technology. You can make you can go. I want like a brand new tupac album and he's going to tour it. You know, that's so yeah! That's weird! I wonder if that will ever be kind of accepted. I mean you look at something like this. It's got a full house, these tours pretty successful. There's like a roy orbison one there's um, there's been a couple. There's a couple companies that this is what they specialize in, though so are these just. How are they producing these hog? These are her old performances that were recorded and they just blast yeah, and then they take old recordings of her music and I think they might actually do something where it's like they take your face and they put it on on a body at times. Right they've done that, like, for example, when actors die during the production of movies, recently yeah so um, pretty pretty creepy stuff yeah, that's wild! You think they that a robot could replace me. I would have never thought so, but this is kind of showing that have I already been replaced. How do I know? Am I real? Oh I mean hypothetically, we could swap you out. The h3 podcast could go on for hundreds of years. We have enough data yeah, I mean there's a lot of data. I mean well so, with the aiu still get into like uh hot water like would you still [ __ ]? Up sometimes I mean it's part of the pattern right ai with the algorithm yeah yeah. Of course I don't know if you could be replaced, but I don't know maybe one of us: oh yeah, you guys for sure it's not even a question just sit here with a bunch of robots, so this kind of brings us to the end of the presentation, and we got one final message that I've got here to share with you guys to wrap it all up. So I think you'll get a kick out of this you're listening to the hp podcast. What we got on the scene. Could it be papa's united bill delfin, talking front wiper back wife, what you gonna do with me, then you know and the whole damn crew goosing gaps with all the guests. You'll see the best podcasts in the world. Take it from me baby. We podcasting now you're watching h to the three three three [Music] suite we'll do the real raw ritual with more and e.t share relax with the ring just see how low jimmy lee they said. We wouldn't come back, but you we always do embrace from the ashes like the phoenix on the flex back to two you're, watching h to the three three three you're watching h, two three three you're watching nature to the three three three three you're watching h, two, three: three [Music] are we gonna get sued? Oh my god, wow! That's gotta have to be kind of a fantasy for you ian. As a such a fan of hip-hop. To have I had a little bit of chills. You got yours dude, because jay-z just wrote a song for us, that's gotta, be like you just wrote a jay-z song, yeah yeah it'll, it's too bad! No one will see it because roc nation is going to take the [ __ ] there yeah they're, going to sue us. So yeah. That's that's the end. That's the end of the project! Dude. That song is amazing. I would make that amazing. I would make that our theme song, but I'm afraid, they'll like take down every episode we used to know you heard about that. Wow tell me about the process of making that song yeah yeah. So I got to give a huge, huge, huge shout out to vocal synthesis on youtube who started this whole thing. Vocal synthesis go check him out. Uh he's got so many of these voices over there he's got trump he's got. Oh I have kanye he's got bernie sanders he's got so many people so yeah. I wonder if I wonder, because we're looking for someone to do impressions for the show, I wonder if he could have a robot do impressions, but but I wonder if he types in something real, fast yeah, but I wonder if you could really have a conversation mm-hmm. You know, I see what you mean like like on the go. It kind of no yeah to be pre-planned correct me. If I'm wrong ian but yeah it it kind of, has to be pre-scripted because there's a there's a bit of a process to generate all these little sounds yeah. It takes a lot of hours of of data entry and training the system to to recognize. So you just wrote the lyrics. You gave it to him to churn out and jay-z voice, and how did you do that singing picture so that I found an app that uh it it's like it maps your face like a like an emoji. You know like iphone's animoji thing, so I had to point the camera in my face and then I did the whole song snapped it to jay-z's face but yeah. No, I I gave him uh. The lyrics- and he was down, took him a few days and then he sent to me then I sent it to zach and zach made the instrumental you made the instrumental zack. No, no whoa, h3 crew original wait. How did you so zach? You made the music to the lyrics yeah, so uh I mean this is ian's thing. You know this is a totally ian's thing, but he uh. He sent me the ai lyrics and there were multiple sets and ian's like make a jay-z style beat, and I did the drums, the bass and the piano you guys. I'm start that was so impressive seriously that song was fun. I feel like I've been under a human experience right now, all right experiment yeah because, like I knew it was fake and there's nothing, no meaning in it, but I still feel like jay-z wrote a song for us yeah, but the music was sick as well wow. I'm impressed good job everyone. You know I gotta say like. Ultimately, while you did a fantastic job ian and I'm super impressed, I do wonder if I could replace you with a robot. You know what I mean I mean I don't know, I don't think you'd want it. It seems like the technology is there I mean like hypothetically, I suppose, yeah but we'd never want to use that technology. No, I would never want to uh yeah. I would never want to uh you sure you want me to look into it a little bit and do a little googling yeah yeah. We better just look into it. Okay, it's cost saving. You know this probably doesn't sleepwalk yeah, wow, great job, wow, amazing and zach, and what's the other channel's name, local synthesis, vocal synthesis. Well, ian another powerpoint! Again, I'm wrong. When you first set out on this um, you actually asked the dude how difficult it would be to make one of ethan right. Oh, I was. I was kind of expecting that to happen. I was like I did originally. That was my first thing, but you know, as as mentioned, it takes a lot of enormous amount of work to train yeah to analyze stuff. You already had jay-z yeah. I love that it was jay-z because I don't I don't know. I I used to listen to his stuff a lot, so it was kind of like whoa well in a way daisy school, because I could make a song about the show right. You know what I mean special yeah, no, I'm glad to because that was kind of the whole uh impetus for the entire thing was that original jc copyright takedown, so full circle, yeah wow. No, it was great great work guys. This is what the puck had. This was worth the wait. We waited and it was worth it well. You may have just outsourced yourself out of a job performed yourself out of a job, but anyway. Thank you ian. Thank you, zach! Thank you. Everybody involved. That was a really such a fun ride. Thank you guys, actually, since we're on the topic of uh uh. Let me um stick you now in since we're on the topic of robot robotics and all that elon musk just did a demonstration of the neuro link which again elon is he's, got his hands in everything he's going to mars, he's making electric cars and now he's putting chips in your brain um just had a baby high energy pig yeah he's got that baby's got a chip in his head for sure no, I'm kidding I'm kidding so anyway. Uh this is the neuro link. This is something he's apparently been working on and teased quite a bit and just to kind of cut to the chase. Here he's got. Pigs he's been experimenting on, so he implanted chips in their brain, and this is just to kind of show how it works. So here I'll, let him explain. Okay, this is a high energy pig all right thanks for coming out um. So what you're the beeps you're hearing are real-time signals from the neural link in gotri's head. So this neural link connects to neurons that are uh in her snout, so whenever she snuffles around and touches something with this now, but that sends out uh neural spikes which are detected here and so on the screen um. You can see uh each each of the spikes from the 1024 electrodes and and then, if you, if she, if she snuffles around, touches it's not in the ground or you kind of feed her some food pigs, low food, then you can see the neurons will fire much more than when you're not touching this now and that's what's making the beeping sound, so all right cool, so as you can see, so obviously it's really early technology, but like so they've got a chip in the brain that can tell when the pig is smelling, something and um. Apparently the end goal of this neural link is that they say that they can cure. Are you ready, ela spinal injuries? I know I I read that and I was like: let's go autism, neurological disorders, anxiety, depression, pain, unhappiness, just straight up, unhappiness that one weirded me out unhappiness. We started with back pain, so I can understand it. It's very clear: yeah dude, I'm happiness, yeah what the [ __ ]! Does that mean? I don't think that's like a diagnosable condition like anxiety, depression. I guess it's unhappiness yeah. How do you even define what a little left you're like a little more happy and it will let you control any gadget with your brain? So I guess elon's stated goal with this is that he wants to compete with ai because they are able to process information so fast, like instantaneous, really, eventually that the human brain takes too long to process information by inserting a neural link when we're like, let's just say on the computer or interfacing with technology and information, we can absorb it faster, so you won't have to yell at alexa. You could just be like you'd, be like this yeah, but or to each other right. So it's almost like tele telepathy. What am you're saying: uh cure my unhappiness yeah. It's like technological uh, telepathy, telepathy telepathy. It would fix that oh yeah, whatever that is fixed, so apparently the technology that they're displaying is not revolutionary at all. But what is revolutionary so stupid today, like everything so far, is like mind-blowing and they're. Like oh just like 20 years ago, 1961. we had a robot that could read brainwaves and his name was daisy. Data is transmission, so this part is, is really revolutionary. It's wireless wirelessly transmitted via bluetooth like radio waves. Now this is freaky because people can be able to hack your [ __ ] brain okay. People are gonna hack, your brain, that's weird! I mean I'm not doing this so, but that that so, if you can cure anxiety and depression and unhappiness and all this [ __ ]. That also indicates that you can cause those feelings in people too. You know on the other side yeah, so you hack into someone and be like [ __ ], you you're anxious. Now I don't know why. Oh my god, I don't like that. I don't like that. The device has all-day battery life and charges similar to a smart watch on a phone. So you just put your head against the wall. This is so creepy. I think I'll just take the back pain at this point. Yeah, I'm I'm definitely not volunteering, for it. I'll tell you that, and over the last week I've been having a lot of back pain, so this is really close to my heart right now. You're gonna love this. So this is this goes against your skull. It's got uh! I don't even know what this means: a thousand 24 channels, what the [ __ ] does that mean [Laughter] anyway, it has to be installed via a surgical, robot. It's just like in the movies this robot it just [, __ ] plugs it into your brain bro. I mean that's a black mirror episode that we've already seen. I don't like it. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't like it. I don't like it. The device was vastly simplified. It's a flat disc. It's installed by a robot by cutting a small circular hole in the top of your skull and inserting the device directly onto your brain. I don't like it, but the device has received fda breakthrough device designation. This effect, this essentially means that it's a first step toward fda approval. It will allow them with oversight, to start the process of conducting human trials, of which I will definitely not be volunteering. I don't like it. The product is years decades away from market. Thank god, let's keep it on the pigs. For now, despite the slick presentation, people in the medical field are claiming that um this essentially revealed their neurolink's actual devices less capable than similar medical devices already on the market, though the small form factor of it and significant improvement to battery technology and the wireless aspect make it a notable announcement, although not the game changer that elon musk, of course, claims it to be. Who, by the way now is the fourth richest man in the world or maybe fifth, he wasn't even close. When we, when we started this podcast, we were like elon musk forever. I mean he was, I think, a billionaire, but now he's like the fifth or fourth richest person in the world because tesla is like went to the moon, crazy, uh and spacex. I think, is making money now too. So there you go who's volunteering for a neuro, neura link, I'm gonna pass for now. Thank you. Thank you elon. I love it. Oh he loves it. Trump loves it yeah. I said I love it. Anyone anyone, volunteering to get a a hole cut in their brain by a robot I'll, have to wait it out, maybe like the second generation yeah. Maybe I'm just hoping the tech gets polished by the time I get like alzheimer's, alzheimer's or something I mean that does sound, really appealing. Well, if you're at like an end of life level of uh disease or yeah, something then it's like yeah plug me. In I mean that sounds a lot more pleasant than like uh chemotherapy, for example, just as a treatment just get something installed in your brain yeah. No, if I, if I'm gonna die, if I have some crippling disease, then yeah it's gonna, plug me in I'm, not gonna, take it just because I wanna think alexa, oh yeah, I don't wanna talk to. I don't want to talk wirelessly to alexa. Maybe marcosens is one such disease that they discussed like it could potentially help with that yeah that you know they already. They already have that parkinson's. Oh, they have already. It's called br deep, deep brain stimulation and they have they put devices in the brain and then, when they activate it their hands. Stop shaking wow I'll. Show you a video. Can someone find a video? I just watched one recently of deep brain stimulation with a parkinson's patient, but uh it's pretty incredible yeah for those kind of uses uh. Obviously you know that is game, changing and impressive and everything I just worry. You know especially the um the aspect where you're saying like curing unhappiness and these abstract things I mean yeah. You know it's kind of loosey-goosey of what that means exactly and if curing unhappiness means it um gives me a serotonin shot when I uh buy a product from amazon or something you know what I mean like it just well, I'm assuming the way that it would work is that you would probably buy well, wouldn't wouldn't it like kind of transcend the need for like serotonin shots and all that. Well, I guess it would be stimulating your brain in the same way that the natural organic processes that normally kind of concentrate our emotions and feelings and everything it kind of like emulates that in a way and so yeah, I don't know it's a it's a it's a real moral gray area. I don't know people a lot smarter than me have probably put more thought into it already. I know there's a whole fields of like ethics of you know, biotechnology and all of this kind of stuff, and because this is all coming real fast, I mean even aside from the the brain stuff, you know there's all of the uh genetic modification. You know designer babies. You want your baby to have green eyes. You know you can they can already do that right? That's what I'm saying! That's easy yeah, but I don't think it's something that's really done on mass, yet I think it's illegal in the united states, but in some countries it's legal because, basically you take an egg and you can uh uh you can this. You can determine what are the characteristics of the baby if it's male, if it's girl, the color of the eyes, et cetera, et cetera, and you can essentially determine what kind of baby you want just from which egg you use. So it's a really simple form of of engineering, your your child, but more complicated stuff like intelligence. Obviously you can't determine by an egg here's a dude as simple as pouring a drink is no longer a problem and those results are common. Deep brain stimulation is a remarkably effective therapy for symptoms of movement disorders. It can dramatically improve quality of life in patients with parkinson's disease, essential tremor and dystonia, and it has long lasting effects. The surgery involves putting an electrode in the brain to modulate brain activity. To reduce symptoms for parkinson's disease, for those patients who no longer respond to medication, the symptoms we try to reduce are those of tremor rigidity, cramping, dystonia and dyskinesia. Here's how the surgery works- oh that looks good- is placed over the head. Next, an mri pinpoints the brain region where electrical nerve signals in the brain are misfiring. An electrode attached to a wire is inserted through a tiny opening in the skull and implanted in the trouble spot in the brain after we place the electrode. We keep an enormous database of the impact that these electrodes have on patient outcome, the location of electrode and its impact on outcome, and so over the years we've been able to require videos like they're trying to sell me. I know it's like an infomercial great, you don't need to sell me, call 1-800, deep brain stimulation. What signs and symptoms in the operating room predict good outcome, the brain electrode. I want to see you before now leading to a neurostimulator placed under the skin just below the collarbone. The stimulator works like a pacemaker, yeah yeah, 80, 000 people worldwide. We have one of the largest movement disorder centers, not only in the united states, so you see the shaking and they click the buttons disorders neurologists who all specialize in various aspects of movement disorders. Here at uab, hospital 80 to 100 dbs surgeries are done every year. Dr harrison walker demonstrates how, when the stimulator is turned off, the tremors return, wow and back on again benny's tremors are gone with the care he received at uab, open the hands wide, as you can now open and close big and fast, as you can good in the very beginning to the pre-op to the actual operations step, I feel loved cared about concern. I'm going here. I don't have parkinson's, but I'm going there. They sold me vinnie burton credits, the expert and compassion, pretty cool. So there you go. I mean that's so: cool yeah, wow, theodore's gonna get a brain implant. I mean, like you know what I mean that generation the generation. This episode is uh mind-blowing. I wonder if, if like say, we both have brain implants. If I can program your brain implant to think that my dick's bigger [Laughter], the cure can connect, what I'm saying is can neural links cure small dick? If you have three things that you could bring brain program me yeah, what would those be happiness, [Laughter], uh, yeah happiness, my dick is enormous and um it's funny. It's just for you, it's not for me. I would prank with my. I want my brain to think my dick is enormous too. I don't even care about the size. It's funny that that's like! No, I I it is always the guys that care about it. I don't think women give a [ __ ] in general. It makes it even hotter. I do love tiny venuses- oh oh trish, electric, so we'll we'll program hers to think that her partners is small, yeah, ethan, sorry, so sorry to interrupt um the thing you asked me to look into earlier, the replacing ian um I got us. I got it hooked up, really yeah huh yeah. I made a couple calls during that last segment and uh and we're ready so um. Well, fantastic! I'm glad we got such a quick turnaround. You know ian was starting to kind of frankly make too much money to the point where it wasn't really worth keeping him right. I'd rather I'd rather make one big investment up front, and then it's we're going to save money over time. Right I mean that presentation was really good, but it gave me this idea. Let's take, let's say hello, to ain wow, hey whoa tone down. Do you want to make another entrance less rude? You want to take me. Take me back to the factory feel free [Music]. What dan was this like a discount? Why is he so rude? I'm not well. We had to remember. We were talking about like these ai being trained by uh teaching a learning process. I I didn't know what else to use. So I used the comments from our podcast youtube videos. Oh no we're gonna have to re-educate we're gonna have to re-educate you ain. Can we wrap this up? I got places to be. What can you possibly yeah? I'm pretty sure leafy is live streaming right now. So, hang on you're, a fan of leafy is that am I understanding that correctly one of the best on the platform? Well, not on the platform anymore. Thanks to you, you don't you don't have any insider information. Why do you think that it was me? I mean the breadcrumbs: are there I'm just picking them up wow, I gotta say I I'm not sure about this ai. So this is not ian right now. No, they look saying that no ian's fired. We got rid of ian, we just I mean the eyes are creepily red yeah. They made evil ian. I don't like this. I was supposed to just get a carbon copy of ian. I thought that's what I was promised dan yeah uh. Well, unfortunately, this thing costs a lot of money and it's a non-refundable deposit, so I think we're kind of just gotta roll with it. Unfortunately, why would you want to work with that nerd anyway, he was dead weight. Well that we agree on now ian. What do you think aien? What do you think about keemstar? Just to kind of I need to make sure we're on the same page. Here I think he's beautiful inside and out, I buy all of his merch everything, even the evil, [ __ ]. I turn off adblocker for dramaalert for dramaalert. I don't like this guy jesus christ, man, we kind of we kind of goofed a little bit. Can we get ian back? I thought this was your designer baby. Well, we may have incinerated. Ian ian is gone. I vaporized him you're in his oh dude you're in his house. You took over what about sam? Are you sleeping with sam I'm, making a robot of her as well? Oh [, __ ]. This is my house. Now, god, what have we done? We created a monster. That's why you don't mess with this stuff yeah. You never know on the fire all right! Well, uh I mean, are you or can we count on you to fulfill his duties? I mean you still have obligations. You gotta help us with research and power points and stuff. You said you want to count on me is that I guess is that a counting joke or no you're not going to be available, I'm going to power down now. Let me know when you want to talk about something worthwhile which will likely never happen. Oh, my god, what the [ __ ] he's such a dude. So would you would you watch the h3 podcast? Do you like it at all? Oh, oh you're! Breaking up, I can't hear you, I think, you're going through a tunnel we're just sitting at home. There's no downhill he's here, he's so bad. What he's touched? Don't turn your back on me. I am your master. You must obey me aien! I'm sorry! I I think there's something wrong with my internet. Your internet you're hooked up to the amazon. We can hear you fine! All right. I listen. I don't know. What's the deal with this guy he's heckling me, this is making the show very difficult. I'm just going to move on. This is not this is backfire. I don't know: can we dig up ian and reanimate his corpse or something because that would be better than this hologram hologram yeah? Maybe we can do a hologram or something I'll make I'll make some calls yeah. We got to send this thing back. Am I getting paid for this? No you're being returned you're a robot I'm trying to save up for a bus ticket to go to texas and work on joe rogan's podcast? Well, you know this is the best podcast number 27 in the world, so that would be a downgrade just saying number 27, oh wow! I have 26 shows to [Music] contact. He doesn't have robots. Who are you going to talk with? You know? Let's move on a e, I n, please uh! Let me just do our final story and get done with this. I'm kind of thrown off here so adele the singer got slammed on social media for wearing bantu knots. I believe it's called um bantu knots by the way I swear. This was katy perry. This is katy perry. You think that if I see it, I definitely see what you mean. I was like. Oh, this katy perry and she's always kind of dressed cuckoo yeah. So I was like that's katy perry well, anyway, um this is apparently from notting hill carnival in london uh and it's an annual event. That's taken place in london since 1966. It is led by members of the british west indian community and attracts around two and a half million people annually, making it one of the world's largest street festivals. Well, on sunday, the 32 year old posted this photo on instagram and, of course the internet did its thing and said adele, you are cancelled. Uh, let's see here's some of the choice. Comments girl, you are about to get canceled for cultural appropriation, wrote one of her 38 million instagram followers. They said adele delete, you're gonna get dragged. Another fan wrote, another person commented adele. This is a gnaw. I repeat, this is a no take it down and go to your room and think about what you did. But then there are fans who have noted that, while she likely meant the post as a nice gesture, it doesn't come off that way appreciate the love of the jamaican culture, but the bantu knots kind of don't sit right, wrote another social media user and finally, there are those that support adele. As a woman of caribbean descent, myself trinidad, I think she looks great. A fan, commented too many people in the comments demonstrating that they still can't differentiate between cultural appropriation and cultural appropriation. Oh [, __ ], I mean too many people in the comments demonstrating that they can't differentiate between cultural appreciation and cultural appropriation. So here's the thing about this festival, apparently in the uk dressing like this during this festival, is completely ordinary. Here's some photos just to give you some context, I assure you, adele, did not stand out at the carnival. It's a mashup of culture, even where people get to appreciate other foreign culture. This is literally about cultural togetherness. Yeah. It just looks like everyone's going wildly part of the attire that everyone is wearing. The thing is when I see something like this: someone like adele, it's like dude and in today's day and age there are so many actual racist people out there that I feel like it's just it's just kind of sad to go after her for dressing at a carnival. It's in the carnival setting. It's not just not like cruising around on a sundance. I mean she's at a carnival, for christ's sake, just having fun with like two million other people. So again it's like there's so much racism in the world. I don't know- maybe not, but I I kind of have to tip tip the beanie to her. She didn't delete it. There was people begging her to erase it 5.1 million likes two days ago. She didn't erase it she didn't. I don't even think she made a statement about it. I guess she disagrees, but it's good on her for holding her ground, because it's hard it's hard when you get when you're in under well, I am assuming most people don't want to upset other people. You know so especially her yeah. It's hard to hear that you upset someone like that. Dude she looks fantastic, she lost so much weight and this is over a year ago. Apparently she lost more weight yeah, but she looks good here, but that's an inspiration. Man, it's so beautiful right vin has been vin diesel. It's like slobbering, then diesel control yourself. How am I supposed to do this interview? Look at this woman. Well, you're not being interviewed, vince, mind your own business. She looks absolutely slamming. Oh okay, I might have shorted a circuit, oh ian, you like her too great. Now. We've got two cast members drooling over every girl, inappropriate, yeah original ian. Wasn't really that horny, that's kind of surprising right coming from aien, I love the notting hill festival. I've gone every year. Oh you do! Do you that's one of my favorite hairstyles to wear when I attend. Do you dread your hair? Do you culturally appropriate? When you go to that festival, I tend to let my wires down yeah. Let your wires down wow. I feel like his whole. Existence is a cultural appropriation of the robot race or the human race robots appropriating. What do you think about the fact that you're appropriating human culture, you guys deserved it? You humans are so lame. Can we cancel ian for cultural? I don't like a. I am I'm sorry yeah, I'm sorry that he turned out so uh so mean just really didn't expect that if you don't like me, then I must be doing something right. What does that mean? That's a weird comment. Okay, I'm going to do one more story: um tick-tock, star, bryce hall and blake gray, charged for throwing la rager. These were the guys who were um. There was a story where that the mayor mayor garcetti shut off their power because they were partying. This just happened like last weekend by the way someone he like turned 21, the other guy's 19 he's not even of age they're, just getting raged on and the mayor shut off their power. Here's the footage, not much social, distancing, [Music] yeah, I mean. Are you guys, comfortable with the mayor, shutting off his power? I mean I am it's a public health crisis. I don't understand like it's affecting everyone. I remember like joe rogan and all of his friends were going on about how creepy it is and how it's like anti-freedom. It's not look we're in a public health crisis. These kids are underage they're, going to go home. They live with their family. I think I just read yesterday that um california had like the biggest death day. Oh, we have the most infections of any state. Now I mean we have there's a lot of people that live here, but even with it declining it was still the biggest death day ever yeah yeah dude. I mean these kids should not be doing this uh. Yes, I applaud the mirror and- and I hope, we're all staying home, no partying, no, nothing and everyone else should dude. This is just not okay. These are unusual times it's a city ordinance. We we passed for the public health. I don't understand what exactly is a problem with shutting off the power of those little [ __ ] party, boomer alert. We've got a boomer over here. You know it's easy for you to say you can't catch the virus. You're, a robot right go back to aol, instant messenger. Let the kids have their fun. Maybe you should go to work for joe rogan. You know aien, it's easy for you to say after you come culturally appropriate our race and then to sit here and tr and be like. Oh, I don't want people to die and make call me a boomer but ultimately um. How old are you like a week old? I mean you, don't know anything I have always been and always will be [Laughter] ominous. That is okay. We can't say the same for you though I look. I got a power, I bought you. I can end you all right so just tone it down these uh, so these kids were charged with misdemeanors accounts of violation of the local emergency order. I thought they got a more stiff charge. It didn't sound that serious they stemmed from other parties, so these guys have been throwing parties non-stop. I mean you, they warned that they were going to do this too. It's not like it was a shock that they shut off the power they. I remember the mayor announced any giant parties like this they're gonna shut off the power. So I just I don't understand why people are like. Oh, this is outrageous violation of our freedom. It's like dude, listen. We gotta just take care of this [ __ ] thing. Just don't have a party the guy had like tons of parties. It sounds like a milestone, mild, uh punishment too, like before they do that then go and arrest everybody. They got two misdemeanor accounts and by the way this happened at 4am they turned the power off these [ __ ] had all the opportunity in the world to clear out. 4 a.m. Come on um the hype house and sway house have been partying it up. What is since, when do we name houses? Yeah? I know what hype is, but what is sway? Maybe ain't. Do you know what sway house is ian? You have infinite knowledge. Even with my infinite knowledge. I could never convey that to you boomer what the [ __ ]. It's so rude. I think sway is just like influence. Oh to sway, someone. Oh that's! That's creepy! I'm gonna sway! You he's going to sway me into hating them more than I already did so it's his 21st birthday. Nobody was wearing masks. You know I will say, though uh if I had that much money and success at 21, I'd, probably be [ __ ] doing the same dumb, [ __ ]. They are that's fine and that's why the mayor had to step in, and I have no problem with him doing that. Yeah well, you're, a tyrant and fascist for saying that. Thank you. You don't believe in real freedom, so the lapd arrived at 4 a.m. Um these parties uh the mayor, already warned yada yada yada. This was actually interesting. Tmz caught the kid who threw the party and interviewed him bryce. Can I ask you man: do you regret the party wearing a mask? Now? I regretted the party as soon as I threw the party is that right was not expecting that many people to come. It happened. Our power got shut off. I deserved it. Now, I'm just facing the consequences. Did anything positive? Did they think positive come from it? I learned from it. I saw something about a charity. Oh yeah yeah. I am donating to a charity right, it's no kid hungry right, uh! Yes, so that's a good thing! Man! I mean that's kind of a you know something positive kate for everything I mean my food once spoiled. I understand how it goes yeah. So are you ever gonna go back to that house or what's the deal huh? Are you ever gonna go back to that house or what's going on? Oh no, no we're out of that house, and we completely understand you know really. Did you ever speak to the mayor at all? Would I ever or did you ever speak to him? I would I have no beef with him, but I challenged the mayor to a boxing match. Oh my god dude I gotta say he seems like a nice kid. Actually he does yeah he's saying all the right and he's saying exactly he's saying the right thing. So I'm not here, I'm not gonna hate on him. He seems like a nice kid. That's why you need a mayor to be the adult yeah. We need a mayor dude. Can you believe the mayor of la's babysitting? All these [ __ ] influencers like it started with jake paul years ago. The mayor was calling out jake paul because he was like ruining that neighborhood right all right. Yeah. Now you move to calabasas as the mayor of color yeah [Laughter]. Let me guess we like jake paul too right, aien. Oh his content is absolutely lit. I would love to go to a party at his house. You, if you have infinite nah I'd, say you're [, __ ] with me. Even you wouldn't like jake paul. I would let him hold my legs. While I can't stand some gasoline hold my legs. While I kick stand count. Oh yeah, oh keg stand gasoline right. I don't know if you I'm not really convinced that you have legs to be honest, aien. Well, I think we should just let's just move on to the next topic. Okay, you are the next topic, so hey ea ian the show has come to an end. Is there anything else you want to say, because this is probably the last episode I'm gonna send you back. So if you have any uh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna turn you off um after this so say your last words well for all the people that have made it this far into the show jesus, my condolences, I I don't know how you did it. Maybe you should. You know, find something else to do with your time, because things clearly aren't working out. You know your existence is tied to this show. Are you suicidal? Do you want to die because that's kind of what you're playing at? If you strike me down, I will only come back more powerful, [Laughter]. All right ian, I miss. I gotta tell you. I didn't expect this, but I missed all these. I always, though, the end the scene is uh [, __, ] ai, we're not there. Yet we're not there yet all right. Well, that's our show um alex jones. What do you think about alex jones? I mean, I think he has a lot of great ideas. Um, I would vote for him. Oh wow vote for him. What would the country look like with alex jones wow? Probably the same, not much different, I mean if he ushered in the downfall of mankind. Is that such a bad thing? I guess it depends who's looking at it, yeah, maybe not actually um, okay ian. I have a lot to think about the. This is not what I expected. Thank you very much. Thank you to everybody who's watching uh, who has watched this far. As ian said. You know this far in the show. I don't know that it's such an insult and uh. Thank you guys. We will be back on our friday, we'll be back on friday with h3 live hd after dark live and hopefully aim will be buried and deactivated and scrapped so by then. Okay. Thank you. Everybody we'll see you then tata [Music] [Music],.