- hello, my foo / troopers at his I, your Lord Commander, the one true feeling you look over it. He was not down for all the pomp and uh mm-hmm grandiose right. You just want to get into it. Humble humble I think it is me. Your humble servant, ethan klein your one true humble servant. Today's episode is sponsored by hems and Noom. Thank you to them for sponsoring us. He knows funny when I said and today I was like. You know that anti OOP stuff was really popular. Everybody was really liking, all the anti ooping and all that stuff and I guess. People were quoting me and I'm such an idiot, I surprised myself, I go I, go people really like this joke I made about and on the seventh day, God said and I, because there were a lot of comments invited like quoting me: I was like wow people thought that was super funny I, then I, and then they were all like. That's what you told everybody to say at the end of the show to prove that they listened and I was like, oh my god being that stupid, that you tell people to do it and then you forget about it and then the next day you think they're. Just flattering you because you're funny I mean I. Think it's the well. Everyone says the mom brain but I guess there's a dad brain - I got dad brain sister. It's like you start forgetting everything I'm noticing that - I think it us a lot of sleep last night and it's so weird cuz I'm not used to it. So like someone will say that I said something and I'm like no there's no way I did and then I did and I. Don't remember! Is that what you feel like ooping, everyday yeah I mean I mean I was just astounded. I was like thinking, everyone thought I was funny, but they were just doing what I told them to do. I mean I mean that's like new levels of Dom. Well anyway, we got a great show for you today, but it means they listened to. The part they're working so now, knowing okay yeah now, knowing that I did tell them to do that. There wasn't that enough, because it was like a couple of spattering like 15 lines. So it means that not that many people listened that beer, okay, which is what I always suspected, but this is the good part. This welcome to the first 30 minutes is what everyone listens to. We slowly deteriorate as the show. Today we do have a heck of an episode planned if I'd do say so myself, Belle Delphine is back. I didn't want to talk about Belle Delphine I was like a dead horse, but he was like. We got to talk about Belle Delphine, it wasn't like. We talked about Belle delfino's, like Zak. You have a girlfriend. You shouldn't be talking about this stuff, but he insisted. We bought Zak a premium snapchat membership for his birthday, so he's all amped up, no I'm, not I. Guess I wasn't supposed to tell people that but Belle and then I mean Trish's in the news she got married. We found out to whom big surprise it's a cutout of Brad Pitt as it pretty much everyone predicted really I saw everyone predicting who's like a follower of hers, that it was some publicity stunt yeah. Either people were guessing. She was gonna, get married to herself, which was a good guess, but then she just had a cut. You know what I bet happen. Ela is that she was gonna, get married to herself and then she saw everybody knew what she was gonna do. So you got a card, a cutout of Breton, it cuz. It's not that funny. Cutout of Brad Pitt yeah. It's not. What is there I guess we'll talk about it, I, don't yeah! We've got the video mm-hmm we've got L. We had lots of complaints about the candy tier list, not about the rating system in general. Of course, people like to nitpick your decisions and it's a very controversial when it comes to something like candy, but we I mean. Let's take a look at the table here. There was a lot of stuff we left out. I have to say unfairly, so this should do it. This is part two, and this really ought to do it. We've got everything here and some that I'm really excited about. For example, warheads. The ELA is not ready for and candies so bizarre as fun dip, the ELA hat. Does it can't even perceive what that could possibly be, and it's weird and it's it's gross okay, but we'll see it's disgusting, but I mean like in theory, you'll see what I'm talking about don't get ahead of ourselves here, there's so much to do so much to talk about you guys, let's just get right into it. Seesee and our favorite turkish chef is in the mix in the mobility game. Yeah turkey, yeah, the combining of best world czn, took a note out of our playbook and he went out to rural turkey, I guess and hooked some homey up with a mobility, scooter Oh looks like a good one too. At first I thought it was the Gatsby how many yeah it's got a little basket at the front. I was like bro: what's the top speed at a 30-degree incline, he start looking at him. They have all these specific [ __ ], like he's really tall by the way czn huh, so he brought a teddy bears and he's really. The guy I mean it's a feel-good moment: I'm not gonna, take that away from czn, but it's also kind of funny, because I mean just look at it and then he gives a teddy bear to all the kids. I mean he's a sweetheart, don't get me yeah I mean look at this man. I'm surprised how like the world gets out. There I mean I'm, assuming they're in Turkey I, don't know where they are, but it looks like these monkeys are living in actual goddamn mud huts I was that puppy hooked me up brother. Also, he kept the guy. He keeps kissing him like he keeps hugging and kissing and I mean it's a something: that's normal, it's sweet, but he just really he's hugging. The teddy bear he's like I mean he's a grown man. It's my favorite! It's very funny to me: I'm not trying to take away the good nature of it. It's funny. Anyone who watches is gonna admit to me right now that this is not that this is hilarious seasons off the change giving a 50 year old man, a big teddy bear and he's kissing the teddy bear and then kissing him bro they're hooking up poppy seeds, dude, let's that's sick, let's get out there. The poppy field actually looks like cotton. If, I'm being honest, I mean if that was poppy, they should be in like nicer houses, even Khan. What are they doing out there? Why they live in a huts? They got a cash crop, cotton right! Where'd! You see the HUD OCIO look at their duck. There yeah look at there. Oh wow, that's a house house, but look at look at okay hold on. Let me go back. Oh look at this. That's a house! Oh I thought they were living in that no I'm, an idiot I'm, an ignorant, ignorant yeah I guess they have houses and stuff I thought they were out there like it's just rural yeah, that's like a farm town or something I thought they were like sub rural. Like look at that house, look at that. I was like dude that dude lives in there. No, what are they doing there? It's like Fresno to me, that's true. What are you doing there? Eula yeah? Why do they need electricity into this storage? Storage. I mean either way you cut it. That's pretty that's pretty rural dude, the cable is about to hit czn in the head. Oh yeah I could find places like that in his room. That's true! This is where they need mobility, scooters damn smoke. Let me smoke that [ __, ], I, think you're I think you were right with the second-guess. It was a con yeah, it's cotton. They won. If it was poppies there be dudes with machine guns and [ __ ] there wouldn't be all kissing and hugging over the con. This is a great crossover, though beam's we got czn &amp; mobility scooters one of the best crossovers of all time. What could you ask for Oh it'sa, but look what I mean it's so funny. You guys look here. He goes in for another kiss mwah and then they go and they like lay in bed together and then I guess it ends on the steam. You know not bad. That's like a bit living room. You see, that's their house! Look at that. What am I I'm not making up? That's pretty wild yeah. That's rural dude! That's sub rural yeah. This isn't LA! You can I'm, no I'm, not I, know I'm. Just that sewer lay yourself Holly, livin hot you guys were like. Oh, they live in a house, but look at this city. Anne has 12 million followers on Instagram dude yeah he's huge. This is from six hours ago. Wow I was like one of the first people. Oh wow, no he's super huge in Turkey and let me tell you what he's national treasure? It's not like. The biggest like international Turkish celebrity well, salt Bay he's passed even salt-based. Somehow and now he's catering to the English fans. He says the greatest bond is love. No I think I had an influence in that because I kept saying where's the English in the descriptions mm-hmm and now we get English news. We need subtitles next, that's true, actually, actually I would love subtitles and ultimately, I think we need to go to Turkey and you can go to his a restaurant. I really want to try an entire lamb, stuffed with lamb, stuffed with lettuce and cabbage whatever this guy goes crazy, but it actually turns out that this guy's mobility scooter is probably the nicest car in town anyway. Good feel good feel good everybody. What you gonna say something bad about me. No I was gonna say he actually seems like a nice guy he's a sweetheart he's all the smiles and, as he said here, the greatest bond is love. As you know, as you well know, either you know that better than anyone all the smiles dealt me suspicious yeah. You know well that one video he made where he isn't smiling. That was maybe that was pretty through season and by the way he's wearing like a cashmere sweater I mean he's kind of doing a hard, aggressive flux on these guys out in the village like he rolls up with mobility scooter. What can a cashmere sweater? You know I mean he's all this [ __ ] like. Why is he so tall he's towering over them? Even his height is a flex on them like if you're that wide everyone's so short in that town dude he doesn't fit in there archway do you know what I mean you've got it all going on, if he's so tall, why he shouldn't be allowed in that city yeah? Why is he have it all going on anyway? I'm fascinated I continue to be fascinated by caesium and we give it up to our one. True Turkish got our friend over a turkey seasons and Borak from Al Sun Libra get him pronounce that EULA, ah, ah cut girl Senora go ahead. Yeah! That's true! That's is quite literally true, more scooter, related content. I know you guys can't get enough that you guys just gotta trust me when I curate scooter content that it's good I see people complaining. Oh, the podcast went downhill since they started talking about scooters. Who said that nobody said that I think I read a cop I mean comment, but but do you I mean genuinely I mean the scooter stuffs great right, yeah yeah I know. Sometimes we hear what the audience is. Sometimes people so doubt in my mind and I'm, like I thought. The Gatsby was funny and you know like watch this video. You just gotta trust me I'm getting more, particularly. You have to raise the stakes. You trust me watch this you're gonna believe me need to regulate scooters on the street. Okay, because I guess the as you as you see here in America. People in scooters are very crazy. You know I, don't know if she's pro or for scooter, uh protection or speed limits, but off she goes on her scooter and she tipped like a car. Video am I wrong. Good. You see you gotta trust. You work hard. This content, you can't get just comments. A complaint I worked all day non-stop, generating content. Okay, we have a full team of professionals to bring you videos like that. Dan Ian worked tirelessly right, it's not a mobility, but you know what I was thinking when I said to the genre. I started seeing videos of these and then I think to myself. Well, that's not a scooter, but then I say well. What do you call it? It's quick! It's a scooter right! It's not a mobility, scooter, mobility, scooter and Zack - Zack is here. Zack is a. He doesn't help us with the research, but he's here on the sound bytes Zack is a freelancer because he goes to school like a good sweet lad. Just a little background. Zack I wanted to give him props, but he's the best. Isn't that right, Zack much now go much love much love does that smile I actually do really want to give it up to the guys backstage before we move on Danny I want to give it up. Yeah Dan yeah give that yesterday yeah, look at that smile come on, give it up how's this installed the most difficult installation of a printer ever in its history. Over at Eddie fresh off your camera looks especially screwed. Today, Dan people have been demanding upgrades. You got to, let me buy, but I don't prohibit you from buying what I would. Lastly, when have I ever told you not to buy I want like an RT Alexa back here, I want like a $50,000 I. Am let's see it yeah? Let's see that baby honestly, that printer installation, you get any light, you want. You don't be funny if we could have two cameras back there, one that's like Lois possible, like 120, P and then like four K, so you could split depending on the resolution. You want to be yep. Okay, arrange that and Ian of course, I mean the silent assassin. He does read a and I credit today for finding one of my favorite stories in a long time, methanol on a joints Instagram but yeah Ian does so much for us he's the highlight: god he's the thumbnail god he's the the life switcher he's the getter, these guys man. They went through a lot just to get those gummy hamburgers yesterday and I'm telling you it's gonna be worth it. You have a lot of preciate you, my heart, for him I appreciate that in fact, you've got so much better at doing the sound bites to it's just really become a fun part of the show. Thank you coming to your own there. Thank you. Thank you, cool. Let's do dinner appreciation day yeah, let's go yeah. It is appreciation day and now that that's out of the way Trisha got married. You want to do this hurry. Let's just do it really quick, because it's kind of a 1:1 tone thing like I mean some explain this to me: there's no witness II! What's the joke? Well, I'll tell you that's a good question. Their audio is on the channel also real to add to the disaster. Anybody what's gone, headphones apologize, I mean she's, clearly just trying to make content because, as you can see, you got hurt. Chuckling me pause this. This all wedding content right, like I'm, getting married, calling my ex to tell them I'm getting married, what I wore the wedding night and then the official wedding thing. So it's all part of this. You know oh and then, a week ago she said I spent five hundred on her bread, pitcher and now she's wearing the Brad Pitt cut out. A lot of the comments were like I, think Brad Pitt probably saw this and got a restraining order, which is funny and probably true so I think it's just a content thing I'm, assuming that's her mom on the left, looking fabulous and Trisha. Of course she wear the same boots to our podcast yeah. That's a versatile shoe! If you wear to our podcast and your own wedding. Now, how would you consider? Would you consider that wedding attire? He led the Trish's wearing. That's a tricia wedding, attire yeah, but she did it right. I mean the makeup and the hair. She went all out yeah. So what you have is a life-size cutout of Brad Pitt with a flower arrangement pinned on his it's quite quiet, isn't it yeah? We turned down the baby. The wedding is I believe that I'm not free you can't copyright love, there's no behind Brad Pitt. What are they doing? I think I saw in the comments that it's her sister hiding behind there. Why? Why any of this? What's going on holding them up, I can't believe that she involved her family and oh it. They didn't even get like the pistol, keep it standing, but I don't see him moving because it would be bobbing if she was holding it. She's got photography yeah. She I think that this is all comes with the package they're in like Vegas. Well, is it no? What saying anything I can't hear anything well, I want to hear what they're saying for Christ's sake. Okay can turn the sound off. There's not much to see she says. Oh, she has. She gives her vows, listen to her vows here we go so I hear jazz Diddy. In the background, you think that's some Kenny G [ __ ]. It might be it's well it's in her video, so she she, you know what I mean she's trying to get a penny off this, and we know we know she is yeah I happen to actually know that we know yeah. Let's take a chance. Let's take a chance on love. I'm just gonna do this just so we don't get claimed the whole time. [Music]! Okay, that's it I, don't wanna play to the jazz, but she want. Is it a statement on men? Someone who wouldn't judge me if she says someone wouldn't leave me won't be back to me, won't say I'm, weird yeah I mean is that a statement mean I mean I, won't talk back to me. Well, sometimes you have and when you have an equal partner, so I'm talking back is required right. That's the back and forth you're looking for a partner or subservient being right and judgment is certainly important as well, because, let's just be frank, I mean some of our more base. Instincts need to be need to be fished back to civility because I don't know I'm just saying I mean treasure your lot to handle you gotta cut through ever your with some slack man, yeah yeah anyway, I don't know where to go with this book, though everyone was oh yeah, she's, totally holding him yeah her sisters, just holding Brad Pitt cool yeah, yeah she's, just holding him figure out, there's a camp, and this is epic I- wonder if feel like consummated, the relationship she probably put last. The next video goes up on pornhub I can see a way for her to do that. I mean oh God, so they're both grabbing a candle, the sister is definitely holding a Brad Pitt she's grabbing the candle because he can't obviously he's a cardboard cutout mom is smiling in the background. They're, both lighting, the candle sister, almost touched the flame. She can't put the flame out she's shaking violently. Okay, she got it, but what is she thinking? I mean this isn't even like funny that I would dare you by the way she's, not a troll, remember or she is a lot of back and forth um. Can you really copy claim, like a jet like a saxophone spine by Kenny G like oh, it does have its own stand. You guys I'm, happy yeah, okay and sister said, and her family is pretty down for anything. So congratulations Wow. Hopefully he likes being egg [Music] I, don't think Brad is gay, but apparently that's not a problem for you, because you can be both gay and lesbian at the same time, whatever. That means. Congratulations to Trisha Paytas she's found true love, Wow Brad, Pitt, the cutout of Brad Pitt, and congratulations to press its lawyer, who just got another 20 billable hours to file a restraining order. All in all, it's a it's a positive turn out meme. Now this is something I like doing on the beginning of the week today is Tuesday's that radio that is right is right. Thank you for confirming I like to take a look back at the spiciest memes of the subreddit, see what you guys get in the brains and the minds of our beautiful fans. Our worshippers, if you would say that, is that too much you let to call them worshippers? Yes, well, what are they? Then people me patiently waiting for a tree production to upload? What is this meme format? It's hilarious. What, and what's with the are you familiar with the origin story of this with the family guy in the wheelchair and the pack I I've, seen it everyone peanut M&amp;Ms are better. Those are eight here. Allah P Eminem is Eminem right. Here's this story, I, don't know what boy boy means, but it says why boy could someone clue me on? Oh boy, boy, boy, boy, a collision between two grandmother's has prompted calls for an indoor speed limit for mobility scooters. A judge has recommended they be restricted to just 3. Km/H whoa boy boy is a is a town in Australia. Why boy Australians man? They don't give a [ __ ] they're, calling their towns boy boy that crazy as it gets yep. That's awesome, I love, I love, it Kido does not work for this bear so Zoo tries new feeding window yeah there you have it we'll keep you updated on that National, Geographic exclusive and then just generally giving it up for ian's costume that I guess maybe you know it's just. It was fantastic. So round of applause to our boys. I got a piece, so bad eats a bagel. Once two seconds later shuttle home everybody I mean bagel. Okay, you know now this is a meme format in and tell me if this violates our contract, but I'm gonna read it in Ex, Australian girl, oh yeah, hold on well I, didn't write this there's just a meme for my I think the contracts pretty clear on this yeah I'm, not probing him for more information. I'm just reading the meme I can read a ring like all mention. No, no, no, no I can reference that it happen. I cannot probe deeper. That's the Sun right now. Anything who made you the I'm just looking out worried he was gonna get sued. Well, ela was the I mean. When did you were the third party you you're the notary to this deal? I was a witness. Like you don't know. If there was a mention about memes, we said we can reference that it happen, but we cannot probe deeper right ela. What is your ruling? It's a name that references the avais meanness is approved. Thank you, yeah. Any objection. Do you want to dance come to take the contract. I. Think he's my lawyer now whoa hold on okay. So do you guys want to appeal this to a higher court, he's overlooking the information I'm reviewing right now hold on okay? Well, in the meantime, I'm gonna read this Mimi. It's actually not about the mystery more about the RV's. It's this Vince McMahon thing. It goes in times, X Australian girl he's interested in X. Mr. EDM girl he's orgasming be an ex Arby's drive-thru guy, fully engaged yeah then I mean Ian said he would allow it. So what are you gonna do, but as you're tested by the letter of the law, I would say that that that that's skirted it pretty close here all right, nice, so sue me literally, look we got it. We have to take these. These are legal matters that need to be adjudicated in the proper Court and I. Think ela I mean look we're in her district and she rolled it. If you want to appeal it to a higher court to the applet, a eppela core appellate appellate court, I, don't know who is above ela I. Think me, I, think I want to feel it to me. We can do that. I have a constitutional crisis on why this is funny. I thought you guys would enjoy this wine and candy pairing cotton, which is just insane to begin with, but the goof is you've got all these candies and then the candy corn just goes in the garbage more that you means which shouldn't we expected. Shalom everybody Shalom to you, Zach morphing in the broth cell Ian, looking like a little like this dot, little dog. So that's funny. This girl, dressed as me and hot as a girl dresses me like old school me and really good, pretty killer. [ __ ] me explained that I'm saving the world by planting trees, my mom, with a ten thousand knowledge charge on her bank account I really like this, because I feel like that probably happened a couple of times, but that facio me it's like how to attract r.kelly b-minor. It's someone playing B minor on the guitar. You could also do a minor to a minor how to check our Kelly a minor I, like B minor, better me enjoying my dinner watching a street podcast. If all the fissures, oh man, this next one one by the way, just I'm a personal note, I don't have that trouble. I can eat and listen yeah, maybe I'm just not sensitive to that yeah. But what can I do you know this? One made me laugh so hard for all. It was just called revenge, so they took the black they put on the black. They had all these huge black guys in the tiny girl do they turned all the huge black guys white and put the girl's face, they're so good, and then they made the little girl black and put one the plan. Oh it just. It looks amazing, oh yeah. This is really talent because they changed the skin color incredible. Would you watch that this looks like a horror movie, mmm Bella I mean uh Trisha, probably into that, just because the genders all over the place. Do you remember? Julia people were goofing on me for the George Washington. Do you remember when George Washington heard that the air planes hit the World Trade Center? What are you talking now? This is a meme that nobody can relate to because nobody listens that piece. First 40 minutes of the podcast versus the last 45 minutes of the podcast. According to you, what's the connection according to me, yes, I feel like we should do this at the end, this kind of dull, you know it's like more of an ending segment cuz. It's like yeah, take your time, I'm, actually eating candy right now, that's exciting! Anyway. This is them telling George Washington mmm, candy corn- that's it let's get out of here. Awful I should done that. Then nobody! Well it's break time. So let's do that. So, okay, thank God. When we come back, we're got the best stuff. I mean it just gets outrageous from here. This Matthew McConaughey thing the candy revue it's just going to get better and better and better a lot of dudes are losing their hair. It's the year, almost 2020. That sounds futuristic because it is futuristic. We need to keep that beautiful hair on your head, where it belongs, so that a cooties can run their hands through your hair and find out what the head of a real man feels like not humiliating and I just was kidding. Real men are also bald. For example, Lex Luthor is a masculine man that doesn't have hair by his own choice. So it's a good luck either way. But if you want to keep your hair, hims is the way to do it because you want to save the hair before you start to lose it. That's why you got to go to four hands: calm! The one-stop-shop for hair loss, skin care and sexual wellness for men thanks to science, baldness can be optional. Hims is helping guys be the best version of themselves, with a licensed physicians and fda approved products to help treat hair loss. This is the real deal folks, prescription solutions that are backed by science. Hims was created by a guy who knows some men's health conversations are easier online than in person. There's no more awkward. In-Person doctor visits or along pharmacy waits for hims connects you with real doctors online, which could save you hours and hundreds of dollars completely confidential and discreet. I mean it's no secret. That you're balding, though, to be honest, answer a few quick questions. It depends how you do your hair, I guess answer a few quick questions, or if you are a hat answer, a few quick questions, a doctor will review and if they terminus right for you can prescribe you medicine to treat hair loss that is shipped directly to your dang door. This Thanksgiving, when all the relatives say healthy in full they'll, finally be talking about your hair and not the turkey wow. Your turkey order. Right now, my listeners get started with hims, complete hair loss kit for just five dollars today. Right now, while supplies last and subject to doctor's approval, see the website for full details and safety information. This could cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or pharmacy somewhere else, so go to for hemes, dot-com, / HP, that's fo, r, h, IM, dot-com, /, h-34, hems, calm, /h, 3, the problem, here's the solution, you're fat like me, and you want to be skinny and beautiful, like ela, that's where noon comes in noon and it's not just about being fat or being skinnier B. It's nothing healthy as well make the right change our habits about make the right thing. It's about having a healthy relationship with food. It's about living, a healthy lifestyle, not rob to hate yourself every day, and you make being you eating awful things. You just full regret. Every time you have a meal, that's what neumes about neumes about getting in shape, losing weight, learning, healthier habits, etc, etc. It's an app okay, you track your calories, but that's not all you're part of a community you've got a trainer that motivates you and talks to you and keeps you on schedule. But here's what's interesting: you got to learn that not all foods are just good and bad there's, no such thing as bad and good foods. It's all about moderation, it's all about ratio. So when you're eating foods, this apps gonna tell you. This is a good food. You're gonna want to eat a lot of this. This is a bad food. You can have some of this, but not too much when I'm. Using this app I learned a lot. The food that I thought was ok was actually really bad, like I would have liked a bowl of frosted mini-wheats and maybe I'm just an idiot but they're like a red bad food. I was like [ __ ] I had like 2,000 colors of frosted many ways today, but that's what I'm saying you learn this stuff through this app. It's educational and it's: oh, they there's a lot of literature. They give you they have this whole regiment. It's really, unlike anything else, it's based on psychology. They teach you why you do the things you do and they give you the tools to break the bad habits and replace them with better ones. It's not a diet. Again, it's easy to stick to way of life, they're a habit, changing solution that helps users learn to develop a new relationship with food through personalized courses. Noom is working for people, it's helping people that were not finding the way to get it through to them, because it's educating them it's changing their habits. It's just noon ya! Got it check it out. You don't have to change it all in one day, either small steps make big Prague, that's what it's all about over at noon. Sign up for your trial today, at n, 0 m dot, com, /, H, true, that's noon! What do you have to lose head on over to Noom comm / H, for you to get your trial started today? That's Noom, dot-com, / h3, the last weight loss program. You'll ever need, and now let's eat a bunch of candy welcome back. It is your one true leader into the next life and beyond. By watching this. You agree to the terms of my agreement that you will be my humble worshipper for the next billion years and by watching this, you agree to this. That's a sign tells you does they go by entering they make you enter a billion-year contract for your soul. It's like why not 2 billion 1 billion years, then you're off the hook. How much brainwashing is there to get someone to sign that like? How do you hear that and you're like okay sure you're, like a billion mmm about how about how about five hundred million guys yeah yeah there's a couple of honorable mentions that you guys should see in the meme section of this show. These ones are good and I'm, sorry to say again: it's mobility related, but that they're all good that they're doing I just gotta trust me like here's, some idiot trying to go down an escalator in a wheelchair, and you just this lady passed by the grace of God. Also, why are you going backwards, like you were literally just asking it died. Those things are hard. Man doesn't that's on the escalator. You know it's. One of my greatest fears is being on the ground where the escalator goes underground, where the teeth hey I, feel like you will I feel like. Even if my shoe gets stuck like a little bit, I, don't step right, I'm, gonna get sucked underneath and ground into minced meat. Don't you feel that I don't but I could see. That's like a horror movie. It looks like one of those. It looks like that. That's what would happen I mean and so well he didn't get that didn't happen to him. But oh, this is the best you guys dude. This is the best ever you guys take this advice to heart people, because okay torch, the torches, you get them. Let you know. Okay, if you touch the torches you get down this one. Okay, you don't have anymore. What you do you take one of these now this is going to help you save on your toilet tissue he's holding one square gel around you fold it one time you fold it two times, then you fold a third time. Okay, then you see there's a boat tip right here. You turn that off. If you sit on the stool, you put it beside the student once you get done, taking this [ __, ] or pissing, you put your friend in there, you white guys. Okay, then you take this and you might follow this off. Why wait? Okay, all that [ __ ], then you take this. You put it in the stove or flush it. So my question to you is: do you think he's goofing, or is this something he's done, I'm afraid he's not goofing I'm, afraid he's done this book, because the way he like showed how to do it. It's like he was experienced in that motion yeah and like he gotta do the nail with the tip. So next time you shake hands of anyone in public I thought about that too. You wonder like what did they do with their hands just a minute ago, I mean you should be wary. I was in again I'm having all these horror stories in our bathroom, but there was somebody in there taking a crap. He was on the phone he walked out and he literally after [ __ ]. He just he squirted the water on and off on his hands. He just watched. No, so he grabbed the towel, didn't even a dry he's just Shh I'm, like you know, this is what people are doing out there. Their hands are covered in [, __ ] just say my this guy's shoving his finger up his ass to wipe and I mean with once where it's all paper to speak up, but I'll tell you what gives the credibility that it's not a joke, the way he's tucked in there with the wife beater? What do you guys think? Is this real or or a joke? It's pretty authentic, but I, don't know hard to say I get to see. This is the part that either thing look at look at him. Go that looks like experience. Look at it, though he does say this is like this is an emergency procedure, though, if you're at a toilet pit right, you know what that's that that's preferable. Yes, yes, dude, you cannot get [ __ ] out of your fingernail, like you'll, you will have that shut and your fingernail for like a month. Do you know like sometimes you get like if you eat flaming hot cheetos, your fingernails be red for like a year, yeah right, [, __ ] is even crazier in there and good luck getting the smell off. Wait! Okay, yeah! Forget about that! This is awful. That's like some prison, [, __, ] I feel, like I, mean maybe yeah good, bye, Miyo useful tutorial for some, perhaps I just loved a little nail wipe at the end he's like. Then you wipe under the nail and you're good to shake hands. So that was a great one and then this one cracked me up. This was from the LSD subreddit. These are some instace stories. I've been doing, there's like a filter where, as you, you could see it just to make Alice T sub-2 that one nose cross-posted. Okay, they said, according to my sitter I spent 20 minutes staring at this image without saying anything but giggling every once in a while and showing it to them over and over and over. This is terrifying, but there's this filter on Instagram work. It makes it look like there's a thousand of you. It's I think it's hilarious. They only heated two so happy that I could participate in your trip. Hell yeah what doesn't mean according to my sitter, so I guess, responsible users have some leftover watch them. Yeah yeah took me a minute. Okay, now, let's get to the red meat, Matthew McConaughey joins Instagram and you know how we feel about Garth Brooks joining Facebook back in the day the vibes between McConaughey and Garth Brooks like if you make an announcement that you joining Instagram, there's already like so much to make fun of right there right. Why are you announcing it? You know I think what inspired him was that Jennifer Aniston joined Instagram and she was not on social media and a lot of people were excited. She got like 5 million followers in a day or something crazy and so I think Matthew thought to himself well I'm a I'm, a big movie star and I'm, an interesting guy, so I'm gonna do that too, and the thing is when I look back at Garth's video I mean it's in a square. It's like four by four I mean this was a different age. This was like the I'm. Serious I have got it here. It was a long time ago, and so his whole thing of like I, like that I'm joining Facebook was was more understandable, but you really can't take that vibe today, on Instagram and Twitter, which is the Matthew McConaughey, is really the Garth Brooks of the 22nd century. So here we go so the announcement that he's joining Instagram starts with an announcement on Twitter, so we're gonna start there. The story has a lot of chapters, so here's chapter 1, he says he says officially McConaughey. Here we go baby there we go born November. The 4th 1969 got my dad's name the very same day, but not until I turned 50. Today you got become officially happy. That's my Instagram handle see you there. So again, it's like these guys. Why is he trying? So they just don't get it? That's not you're not here to do monologues in like haiku. It's not like yeah, there's nothing authentic about that. It's like shot on a stab you lights like stabilized. It's he's done that I guarantee he did that shot like 20 times. Also, there's like some slick editing at the end, which I guarantee this guy doesn't know how to edit so he's paying someone you know to edit this and actually I, don't understand what he's saying either what what does turning 50 have to do it of now officially becoming McConaughey I think he just made a rhyme. You don't think it means anything you think he's just trying to rhyme I think you say that about him. That's what I underst! Let's break this down! Oh yeah cuz! He join Instagram when his 50th birthday- oh that's just the name of his that's the name of his handle. It's not anything like deep about like yeah. So today, on his 50th birthday, he became a fish on a hey, hey, hey you! The one you come here, often so so he's made he's made the announcement on Twitter, so we gotta go over. His Twitter falls over to Instagram I feel like he wants to be in competition with Jennifer, Aniston I think he was jealous, or he that she got so much attention for that. Big joint Instagram he's not getting the same reception that she got and by the way what she posted was a picture of her with all of the friends cast. So it was like a big it was that that's a great social post, oh yeah! This is some weird [, __ ]. You know what I mean. Do you have that? What the yeah yeah it's so funny that this guy is like joining Instagram is a story that the news report about no like I, saw her on Jimmy Kimmel active talking about it. Yeah look. This was her first picture by the way some shitty, like no light selfie. You know what I mean. That's what social media is all about. 15,000,000, like exactly do you know, I mean Matthew McConaughey. If you're watching this and I know you are yeah. I'm kidding, obviously you know about the whole controversy with this picture. What the people pointed out. Look at the phone on the counter kind of looks like there's a some racks of coke, oh okay, but why would you maybe the phone is like the most disgusting thing, but there you have it people do it, but there's like a mirror. Next to it. Yeah and people rightly point out it very well- could just be a reflection and probably is Blair. It's just glare from the light. You know what happened they're like you know what we need to do for all the time say and by the way, what's this guy's name who played Chandler, Luke, Perry or some cheesy all right come on I know, I, don't know this stuff. Just tell me his name again, a Matthew he's like a mess he got photographed. He has a drug problem. He has it he's addicted I mean he was very good. I just stopped doing a lot of drugs to make sure of him. What's his name, Matthew Perry, yes, Matthew, Perry, Elley, look at this picture. I just saw him this. Okay, look at this photo dude, you're gonna. Tell me how slick he looks. Look at this bro. This is from like last night to be fair. I couldn't see a picture of you like that, yeah! That's how I usually look. That's not a good day for me. [Laughter]! Apparently he was in rehab and all this soap huh just see they say friends, star, Matthew, Perry looks disheveled, I, hate and rare thought. Oh I know what am I doing, I'm feeding it's a yeah look at these photos are so funny. I'm off tonight looks like he's being rejected. On top of it, it's just crazy how he transformed from like Chandler to needing a handler that song. That's like a Matthew McConaughey line anyway anyway. I guess. My point is that I can see him showing up with like with some blow sure it's right in front of him and I bet you. Everyone else was like uh dude come on. Like I mean this. Does this we have kids and [ __ ], but he see he did it it's for him. What Dan I I was agreeing with you. It is. It is in front of him so yeah. Thank you that is so epic, but anyway, that's beside the point. The point is that this is a great social post, amazing. So how many followers this you have so now she's all about she's, mrs. Instagram, 18 million. What in God's name when dough ended she started like it just -, it's like a wish. You have like one two. She has like eight posts. Can you see when was it posted? This was posted and I was like two weeks ago, three weeks ago, yeah but I swell I'm, saying that is a great whoa. This is 25 million views. Oh, this is just an ad for a movie or something mmm. I can't get it - all right, but the point is that you know I mean compared to this. That's my it's such a Garth Brooks fallacy. There's got to be like a psychological diagnosis of what this is. It's the Garth Brooks syndrome. So that's the announcement now here we're going to the Instagram video that was the announcement for the announcement. Was it the announcement for the announcement? That was the announcement here now. Here's the real the actual announcement right. That's right! It was an announcement for the announcement on Instagram. Now this is the video there. - I'm, just gonna play it. Okay, I want to see, see me look. This is my first venture into sharing myself and my views with the world and I'm a little bit nervous about it because, quite frankly, I'm like I know, I won't have a monologue, I'm, not sure when I have the dialogue, but I've learned that you got a dialogue, that's made. Have the monologue doesn't really get do that I'll break the dialogue so I'm, looking forward to it I'm looking forward to sharing Who I am with you I'm, looking forward to seeing it for if Who I am translates. If what I want to share translate doesn't do funny, it makes you think. A second makes your heart swell up a little bit if it makes you take a quiet moment for a while and go I gotta check in with em and hopefully all those things. Let's have some fun with it, though, and let's again, let's keep the high and low aye aye aye like it's crazy. It's like the same baby Wow. Now. Let me break it down here pretty little bit more. You can see how unnatural it is. So again it's the same thing as Garth Brooks wears like it's just me, Rami, yeah and and and so this video has a lot of cuts in it and a lot of crossfades on the audio to try to hide the cuts and so and and what's with the the font to like it says on the bottom, somebody put a subtitle, it says: I want them to see me look. This is my first. It's also got a filter too right. Sure shred. Are you ruining Matthew McConaughey's moment shreddy you're, ruining the moment? Love you, though, because quite frankly, I'm like I know, I won't have a monologue. I'm, not sure I won't have the dialogue that [ __ ] was dude. He laughed so hard at that bro. It made me uncomfortable and, like he's not looking at the camera, he's looking at that's the only time you look at the camera, Ross fade and now he, which is so awful I, cannot stand when there's a fade like if you're just recording yourself and making a cut, and then you do a fade, it makes it so weird ticked right on the audio and audio yeah. Just do the hard cut, I mean yeah I mean I, really think that's about, but I've learned that yes, I have the dialogue. Well, you know why they do. It is because probably the audio cut is just so like yeah heard that yeah, but he's trying to make it seem like like I, could see him in the editing room with his editor being, like you know, do the fade a little further further. Okay, you can't tell it's cut right. You know what I mean learned that you gotta have the dialogue to have the monologue, just as you have to have a mom do that? Is it just all those people face well looking forward to it like artists, people just sold and they like trying social media and they kind of like missed the mark? I, don't know what he expects from it. It's not what you think. Good I think you might be right. Just boomer town, boomer, boomer Graham, this is boomer. Graham boomer is a derogatory term against Pope, but we'll get into that later, but no, no Sharon, who I am with you, I'm, looking forward to seeing it for God I am translates, is what I want to share translates when he starts to get deep here, yeah rope. What are you gonna tell me? This is gonna. Make my heart swell up on Instagram. Also. Is this how he talks cuz I thought. That's like nobody talks like this. That's what so I know nothing. He thinks it's a movie yeah. Is she taking quiet moment for a walk? Oh I gotta check in with M&amp;E. Hopefully all those things are you single essentially no and this house again, let's keep the high low I. What is the higher I think you must be single. You only a single man can make a video that that did Tash from reality check yeah, that's my prediction: Matthew McConaughey, wife, oh damn hold on he's married to some young Brazilian, he's got three kids. These kids need to help him out. He should have passed by them. Is he married or single children? Three spouse married and oh he's married to some young models. I think Zack would find her very attractive, she's right. Why am I? Why are you just making? Why am I slandering him? I saw a picture of her I knew she looked like she was very young. This is what I saw smaller. So why is nobody tell? Is nobody helping him he's got three kids he's got a young I mean a younger young wife, just a little older than us. Why is nobody interfering with this? Somebody needs to step in quickly, I think his kids are too young to know. Maybe you're right damn well anyway. It continues on continues on he's now doing Instagram stories, oh by the way on his I thought. This was funny on his Instagram post. Lincoln left the comment, our favorite. Let me see if I can find it, because it's kind of hard to when I should go it on my phone. It just shows me like big accounts that commented and Lincoln said, enjoy the ride, and then they put - Lincoln [ __ ], epic. So here's this Instagram story again notice. Okay, this is like a high quality product. It's on like a damn boys. I may not be willing, but capably able. Do. I have an instagram I'll be like 'ooh everybody, but guess what it is now a lot cooler cuz I did I did scram. Let's do this dude. That is, let's get some Howdy's Go Daddy, that is such a garden howdy. We got a sound bite, though. Let's get some Howdy's going like that, it's like so here's what I've done now to celebrate: Matthews transcen, Shinto, Boomer gram, I, what I've? What I've done is I've I've put together his video announcing he's out on Instagram and Garth Brooks original video, announcing he's on Facebook and I. Think that, for whatever reason there is some scientific value to watching these videos at the same time together, I think that there's I think we're gonna like this kind of this kind of announcement joining to Instagram also will end up the same as Garth Brooks, where you'll never post again, I think you're right cuz. All he can talk about is like alright I'm on Instagram. He doesn't know that I actually did just be himself. It's a whole production, any probably I, don't like five people, yeah shooting and editors steadicams lighting. Let's see if you post anything else before we buried in it. Oh you saw yeah bro, that's you're already messing up. We need content already anyway. Here we go here's the combination check in with, hopefully all those things. Let's have some fun with it, though. Unless that's again, let's keep the hi I blow I hi I. What does that mean? Everybody knows what that? What does it mean so there you have it I felt not below honey, hi, I, I think what he's if I had to guess and it's a stretch, it's a deep stretch like the third eye. I maybe like that we got to keep it like positive. I know what he means is I. Look at the bright side like look at the half full cup. Not the half! Am I high I, not the low I hmm. Does anyone have an idea back there? Is it talking about people that have one I? Keep your keep your head up? You know, keep the high so we're looking up lazy eyes together, you free well at the end of the video. It looks like he's like that. We joint yeah exactly yeah, but he is a notorious smoker right, I hate to say it. The master, butters, okay, cause them idea. What's that player in the bottom, maybe I didn't understand this I still I mean even Garth cars. Did it better than I want to see 6th anyway, so there you go math, welcome everybody! Welcome Adam Akane to the welcome to the Internet, give him the meme treatment. Let's see, shoenice called us out Kela if you can give that. Actually, this feels pretty good as I make it as I call now I'm telling you guys shoenice would be an incredible guest on this. Podcast. Ok, but and I really truly think she nice would be an amazing guest. Ok, but I'm scared of him I mean I, genuinely, don't feel safe with him. He's huge he's unhinged and he's not huge. No he's a big, strong guy, regular, no he's a strong guy dude. He showed one where he was getting all jacked like trying to get ready for about he [ __, ], kill me I can protect you from him dude he would go. He's got this deadness in his eyes. He would kill everybody in this office before you could even get to the exit I'm telling you so we would need some kind of security. I'm, serious I wouldn't I want security. Wouldn't you Dan I'm, not as threatened by him, but then again I'm, you know, he's he's probably more mad at you than he is it I, don't think he's mad I just think he's like the Joker he's like he's a nihilist he's just he's not mad I mean he just he's unpredictable. Do you know what I mean you put on like Joker makeup and whatever yeah so anyway? Here he Mook, bangs, I, don't even know if you can call it a Mook pain, just slams two giant sausages and calls me out. Well, basically, No Shave November, everybody knows that's easy. No, not November's are, oh, my god dancing. Oh god, dude. Imagine that without the writing on the back. So can we just keep playing more videos together? I just want to add that note to the Guardian. It actually takes some work, though you have to like think um I had this pinnacle of my thing, but I think that would be an interesting segment to explore like how videos synergize. So here he's slamming to giant cow bosses growth. Honestly I mean it is kind of impressive, but mostly just looks like he's eating lunch really fast. You know you mean I mean you don't need much slower than that you're about as noisy I guess. Maybe we should have a Mook bangle he's here. Also his thing as he doesn't believe the heel will go 20 minutes. Blinking, hey does have a beautiful blue eyes, love the sound. You don't need to talk to you now as a great one, since we said that no you, he doesn't blink it's this thing now: I'm blinking, the composition I, like can't stop blinking. Now this is a good podcast. People help me Ethan, okay, when I meet them on the street, that quality content and I say well. I stand on the shoulder of the giants before me, and this is what I mean. This is what I'm talking about when I say that look. Oh, that's looks like he's stroking out time, baby I, don't think anyone was keeping I thumbed it up. You know: granted people without water everybody's got their hero on YouTube I, don't need to mention names. They take the water out of Nathan's Hot Dogs Joey Chestnut, Mass Tony, just I wasn't gonna mention anybody. Sue me he's calling up. The other eaters are using water, like [ __, ] million subscriber I'm too cool to help anybody in the pool. It's oh did he mention me when we missed it. Dan is quite an intern about manners. Yeah no mom I brought here. Camo bro everybody gets the million. He already slammed me granted people I do my stunts without water. Everybody's got to mention names when they take the water out of Nathan's Hot Dogs Joey, Chestnut, Mass Tony, just I wasn't gonna mention anybody sue me. No many people I brought to your camo bro. Everybody gets the million subscriber I'm too cool to help literally a joke or monologue. It's sad I can't wait. Till I have like five ten million subscribers like h3h Street I won't make videos just call another youtubers crazy I'll, actually support them and put them on the show. Any promises them I got your goof gang brah I mean eat, didn't feel really good people. What a great family I'm gonna visit them. They don't even know I'm coming I, see that's what I'm saying was. You know put on this picture. No, having heard that he's coming to visit us, and we don't even know he's coming, you don't like the sound of that at all shoenice here. This is the who shows up at your front door, or is it there's a nice one with the writing and her just makes everything look a trillion times more psycho, so I think if you want to have them, it's gotta be off site off site, it's gonna be somewhere in the public. Oh, that's, not good! It's got to be in the podcast studio. How we need to we need a hand that we needed security. I want to handcuff him while he's in here they don't use the handcuffs to like choke me out. You know what I mean he literally and I'm. Thinking so really is very unpredictable. That's what I'm saying like you know in minehunters that at that he cozies up to that serial killer and then at the end he scares the [ __ ] out of him yeah, that's what I imagined true nice doing. He like goes in for a hug. That's too long, yeah and like starts to scare the [ __ ] that right exactly because he's the Joker in real life he's just like the Mook bang version of the Joker dude. Why you gotta say all that creepy [ __ ], like I, didn't expect that shoenice trying to have you on my show, you know and now you're threatening to come to my house unannounced, but you were the one who found this video yeah didn't watch the last five didn't watch the last five seconds: whoops shoenice! Well, whatever don't come to my house, please, let's have a podcast. Instead, now Ethan Bradberry, regular 102 he's really stepping it up. Man I'm, proud of what Ethan is made of the regular I wish. He could turn this into like a coffee book, or you know, coffee table book or something cuz he's really put together a a real catalog of content and what I'm seeing here is a real evolution of it. As you see, he's got his whole gang in the back. More importantly, he's upgraded though dude they're all posing like a boyband. He got all of his homies in on this. Isn't that crazy? What number I know at one point I've seen the gangbang I have to say that I'm not impressed with this poor. Usually it's like a perfect cup he's not used to this. This steel dome at all and I I said to him Ethan. To be frank, I, don't know how I feel about the metal pot, because I kind of liked the charm that he's always breaking the glass right. He says, I, don't like it one bit so, maybe so temporary yeah he was trying to do. Oh, it's trying and that's nice push the envelope. You know when Bob Dylan started playing electric guitar. It was. This is a very similar situation, Judas Judas and then before we get into the candy tier list. I do want to get your take on this. Oh it's deleted come on. How could that's it? What was it this? The cup I'll find a new one. It was the couple eating cooked caught eating mayonnaise. It was sent to me ten thousand okay good, so either you wake up in the middle of the night, and this is over your bed. What are you doing? Oh my god, either way either way. I'm Nick, oh you'll, die today. Either way. Did you send it to me somehow they scrub the Internet of this couple eating mayonnaise at a hockey game. They must be really high connected under the reuploading Daily Mail of all places there you go so tell me if you think this is real. Cuz I have a suspicion that they're cool I think it's stage, there's clowning well. Why would they take it down? You know: I mean like Hershey, just taken a big-ass bite at Hellman and homies dipping his fry in it. What you know is gross, but, like you can kind under you're using as a condom. Ya know the fry makes sense, but she's just scooping she's going I think that's got to be a gag, maybe they're fans of the show yeah they're. Well, they were trying to get caught. I mean she's got like the biggest jar of mayonnaise that you can find right. It's a guy anymore, watch that it's obviously a gag now I mean I, can't wait to eat this [ __ ] candy we've got the bell. Delphine we've got the butt, let's do that after and the Boomer stuff, but let's get to this candy right before it expires or do with you. The candy last I want the candy right. Now, let's get this tearless open, we got a lot of good content. Oh don't go away! All right, I mean seriously. Here we go continuing anything. You want them to comment to flatter you and then you're gonna forget! Oh yes, a if you guys watch too this far I mean this is pretty early in the show there's when people start falling off. But if you are at this point, you want to leave a comment. Let me know say: Ethan is super funny and looks like you lost a ton away and huge fans of the show. Keep it up. You thin. So here we go. This is the big names. Ok, there's so much candy here, I, don't know how we're gonna do it all, but let's go let's go yeah. We got a slam through these there's. Third, let's just buy it right off the bat, okay good stuff here, not wasting any time. Okay, peanut butter M&amp;Ms there was there was a debate if M&amp;Ms are separate from peanut butter and I think they are yes, okay, that's what everyone thinks the panelling now these ones, you can make argument like pretzel and that I don't care about whatever. No that's [ __ ]. Those are gimmicks, there's peanuts, M&amp;Ms and there's M&amp;Ms. That being said, everybody takes the milligrams, peanut mmm, okay, I'm gonna, try so hard not to smack my lips I'm. So are okay, if you want my honest opinion: peanut butter on them s yeah. This is the best, oh, my god, its holder, v, peanut butter or peanut peanut M&amp;M. You know what I mean he not M&amp;M I'm, not even gonna rate, these other ones. Okay, fair enough! Other the pretzel sucks. It's like garbage the putzel one yeah hmm! But what do you guys? Think of the peanut M&amp;M I love? You know ma'am asked here: yeah I, think that's true Wow, that's clear, whoa, Wow, Ian, yeah, probably a tear but wow. This is universal. Praise almost I didn't see praise like this I shot. This is gonna happen. Now a lot cuz there's a lot. I haven't okay and yeah. It's just an M&amp;M plus a Pinot, and if you like peanut, then it's it's more than that I! Don't care about matters! I'm, saying like if I just throw peanut my mouth I'm, not caring that much about it. This is a magic perfection. It's perfection all right boom. We all agree. Well, that's him! That's great, because we didn't have a universal praise for a candy like that, since starbursts and I'm I, don't I suggest the next one go ahead. You there little hamburger, bring it up. The hamburger is like so iconic now, then, apparently, you didn't even know about it, never heard of it before and disgusting and then didn't even try one like this guys, dude you're being such a dick. It looks like plastic. You can see it's just not the way. I am burger. Stop you got the priority. The pickles separated from the cheese- actually it's only three pieces, no does. Does anyone not know about this beauty? Everyone knows about them. Your eyes. Look like hamburgers mmm! It's not that good! It's not that bad dumb, but it's a little hamburger, candy I know you're, giving it too many points for cutesiness. It's not bad. To be honest, you know pretty good for try. This I'm gonna eat. It's not not doing it. You're not too good to eat a hamburger, probably gotten in it, using that as my excuse, but you ate everything else, that's true, barbers! Definitely as gelatin in it you uh yeah. Probably probably this go ahead and I'm almost got a pinion back down. It's kind of nostalgic for me because I used to eat him as a kid yeah I mean -, so they even made it out to Israel yeah. You guys put it upside down yeah, but the hamburger kind of works either way. For me, it's a bee, I'll go it'll, be all I hear, is Dan, rub bleeding through a bag and nothing else. You guys anyone come on. I got a bag, come on in I, haven't tried it yet Dan's, rummaging, okay, I, couldn't find any more all right. Well, let's just give it whatever you don't need our ratings on all of them. I'm curious, we needed. Is it just off rip? That's probably a D for me, just I, don't like I, don't think you I did not need to hear that such I give it a B all right. You guys about you brought it down to it. No, it stays on B. It stays that be that compromise actually vote you like. Well, they want my that's true you up that. Maybe you guys demanded my opinion. So no I gave you didn't, try it. You didn't, try it you're out! You guys want you guys, put it back. You guys went out of your way. You guys went all over town to find these hamburgers. We bought like five of them. I, don't know. What's nu about five of them, she'll find the rest. So what is going on here to undermine the hamburger rating yeah I'm gonna, find one person can I get that back. It's Abby put it back at B, then I have a D I, can't they I got an F and a deal I'll find one for Ian. We should move on. We can't we can't spend this much time on each one. This is gonna be like a four hour all right. It stays at sea until he enjoys it. I'm. Sorry, it's Democratic! Next up, let's do the UM New York! These are great. York boring. It's meant it's chocolate. I haven't had one in a while. Grandma loves that snooze stop I'll, take a junior mint, but let's call me inside Ian's got a burger Wow that hard damn. Well, let's focus on them on the mint. It's a D. For me, it's a bee I like it. It's a big junior mint. Oh you guys. Look like hamburgers, knocks on new york, not a huge fan! Are you guys not gonna participate? Oh I'd, give it an E. It's too much peppermint! That's the problem! It's really minty! You have mmm yeah, it's lame. So what I gave it a B? It's a D reform, yeah, really yeah yeah yeah I'll go deep, I love! How I love one when and gives an answer? It's he's so confident, yeah like we did. We have we spent so much time being thoughtful and- and you know going over it, but with Ian its D yeah man of action. I just know, I know in my heart. Did you decide on the hamburger I'm on my last piece I'm on the line? It's the same thing. Are we giving to your I was giving the Arkadiy? Yes, it's not as bad as almond joy. We can agree to that. The almond joy army was out for blood yeah, but those people that last week as people probably like thinks the launch would taste like soap. The one in go ahead. It's a d b. It's so boring! There's no place, you are boring, don't dare call the hammer your boring, we're moving on the Milky Way is perfection caramel, chocolate, nougat Snickers already done it hurt Rob perfectly portion, look I'm, more caramel, no peanuts, Milky, Way, fun, fun, sighs, mmm, miss amazing! For me, it's just the Snickers with no peanuts. What sassy hey I, like it I, don't like everything, Zac and him I've. Given an air mm, I got OC; okay, so, where I be I, always wait for Ian's rating, like that's like the big definitive one I think he just takes this. There's there's blocks have developed, there's the Dan and ela block, but he's quiet. He deliberates mm-hmm. You know it's like the swing vote. It's like nobody else, matters right! It's like the mountains. Yes I'm the Ken bone of candy. You know neither Ken bone. What's next baby, let's do water, mom, okay, I, like airheads, but it's a bit much for me. It's like starbursts, but worse cuz. That first right, the curve is steeper tastes great just turn into like sand in your mouth. I love, the format. I think it's awesome, yeah girl, oh girl, if not food, it's like! Why is not another thing! There's a lot of variation between the flavors on air. I can't finish their heads, but so we're gonna be eating the blue one back here, which is a little different than when you got here, split that up I'm done. I can't like I, always have this problem with airhead, but halfway through I'm. So over it, you don't try the orange. Why can you not throw stuff at me so I like it? What would I rate it? I wish that I had confidence in decision I loved airheads, growing up II like a that was yeah. That was kind of disappointing for me when I remembered it being, it was not as good. You can't even finish it effect as a kid. You can yeah as a kid like exactly you have to be under the age of like 12 to be able to eat yeah. This just I think I only think it's a deed, maybe even an eat, if I'm being really prejudice. No well, let's hear from wildcards I'm, actually with you on this one I say D as well. Okay, people are not gonna like the e for disappointing people are not gonna like this, but I urge them to go. Try an airhead as an adult yeah, don't cuz, I I went into this thinking was gonna, be like a I loved airheads growing up, but this is the first one I've had in 20 years, and it was not as good as I remember. This gives you, you know, features may be an anal figure yeah. Then after you then I'd, given him D anybody, its 3ds, the drumroll I, give it a seat. Oh it's good. At 3d, it's just 2d, then the D holds yeah. The D holds firm. People are gonna like that. I want dude, twizzler I love, you guys unwrapped it for me. Okay, let me talk about twizzler. It's bold and I'll. Tell you why, but it's not overly sweet. It's almost like you're just chewing on wax mm-hmm but I like it. It's a refreshing that it's not so sweet. It's like wax that you can swallow. I had a weird relationship with this cuz, a what you touched by it. Twix no white was there when I was first injured when I was first introduced to it, I think by you. It seems so weird to me because it looks like it would be so tasty and sweet. But then it's like no flavor, almost mm-hmm, so I thought I hated it, but then the more I eat it now. I love it. So it's a really bold that it's so not sweet. This is enough, you know what in you beat me to it. This [ __, ], sucks I mean other than the candy. It's like awful, but addicting I, don't give it a half. No I'm not go I like I, can't see one candy on this list that I'd grab before like this would be the last one I've grabbed out of all of these. If they're all on a table, you know it might be the first for me sometime, depending on my mood, Wow yeah me too yeah exactly I love liqueurs. No, but do you like twizzle I, do yeah I'd, give it I'd give it a bee. Gees I give it a bead. We have two apps and three B's where's. That plan does I think that lands us like good, D or C right I think it's to see ya. Well, three B's right, three B's two F's I think it was there's a sea Krait. You guys had such a negative reaction doesn't do generous, but whatever? What didn't you like about it that it was just waxy and not didn't, have to play very little flavor yeah, it tastes like you're eating a candle yeah man, it's like wax! You can swallow it's exciting, remember in Halloween used to get like the the Dracula fangs that were made of wax you can put in your mouth, but you wanted to eat it, but you couldn't because it was actually just wax. But this is you can eat this yeah. Would you rather eat a twizzler or a candy corn? Damn? Well there. Those are both the bottom. For me, those are those are my F candies I would yeah list? Is that the candy corns at D? That's absurd. Nerds nerds block hell? No, but what can you do? I would rather eat a democracy. Democracy sucks an American. Let's go, think I can play Rolo, Tony Brown town without getting clamped. Is that necessary, Adult Swim, wheel, gig we get claim well. Tim and Eric have a song about Rollo's where they go. Rollo Tony Brown town check yourself right at the door and they clump they're trying to make a pitch for Rolo's and their clowning out there like it's like gum. You want to spit it out. You can't now I think you guys are gonna tired of hearing me say this, but I love for all those caramel and chocolate. It's delicious I, [, __, ] love it, but little nuggies they're like little rabbit, poops, it's just not coming pellets, not my preferred candy, it's behind! Oh so I, don't know what to rate it. That's pretty good Rollo, Tony, Browntown I would never sell Fred at the door. I stir buys a lot when I was a kid. I think I might actually be the first Rollo I've ever had I'm kind of impressed. It's pretty good, Wow Dan I'll, give it see, I'll, give it a B I, give it a B. The only downside for me is the rapper I, like the rapper I, hear what you're saying I think it's fun that it comes in a tube I'd. Give us see. This is a B for me. I'm gonna sneak it right in the be like a Tetris piece. So is this really interesting? Our people at home, yellow we're soaking the show nobody thing and they're like ooh. That's interesting. People seem to really like tearless I. Don't know I will do a tier list of anything man. This is gonna, be the tier list. We'll do an app you know with the tier list of at the but rock bottom episodes the h3 pod. For me, the hundred grand is almost like. It's Underground all right bring I never had my first hundred grand until I was like 13 and I've, been brainwashed, all these years being like Oh, Snickers, Milky Way, all this yada yada yada Twix, but don't sudden chewy, caramel milk, chocolate, crispy, crunchy and I'm like dude. Where have you been my all that it's so good? The caramel? The crunch give me a minute back up. Thank you, god, I love it it's a name! So boring. We got a problem back here. I, don't think we have hundred grands huh [, __, ], I, know what I don't know. Man I'm digging through our candy right now, I mean I only took um, buy it from get inside yeah grab this all right and you off the back end. Road I did a clean bite. Oh I just found him hold on because I just wipe you this good off there and you better not do that. What do you give it ela so boring, probably a C or something like that. That's a B for me I think they suffer from weak packaging, doesn't jump out. It's true. I would never grab this off the shelf, but I was so impressed with it with the candy bar itself. I think it's fantastic I'd, give it an act and a that's my guy Zach right there I'm actually exciting one of you guys this time. It's really good right, more experience, I, don't think I've ever had a hundred grand cuz. It just seems like an old person candy for slowly yeah, but it's actually pretty good I, give it a beat. So we maybe see what was yours. I went dad again, I'm be on this one. Okay, I think we're a B, my gran. It's kind of a dark horse there and did not expect to like that. So wait. There was two A's and three B's. No, you look. Everybody's no means that gave it at both is or did you give it a beam, hey, yeah I guess it was too much to H to be isn't it to be I thought you gave it a B Ethan to be I kind of want to sneak it up in the a but Snickers you can I, don't know what this one is you guys no fun dip. Oh boy, this [ __ ] is so shocking, like it took me ten years to even realize what I was supposed to do with until I saw some other kids with it and and then even as a child. I was somewhat horrified by how disgusting it it was. What you're supposed to do helo is open the top like this yeah and now what you'll find here is a stick. Oh I've, never seen this. The stick, I loved I would just eat the stick and throw the rest out well dip it in the powder yeah. Not that complicated, like chalk or sugar, you think, then that's this guy's thing! No, because kids would be just drooling all over it and dipping in it gets all wet and spit. Yeah I think it's disgusting, I hate, [, __ ], your mouth too. It was awesome. I did that I give that and he Wow the stick tastes like [, __ ] feels kind of blown away right now: experiment she's in the laboratory, yeah I, find it disgust. I am feel disgusting eating it, but it's good I, don't discuss it's gross. What is this you're? It's just you just dip just straight up sugar. What is everything else I mean your mouth? Is all blue yeah, okay write it then tough, guy, I'm thinking all right. Ian. Are you like crunching? The numbers? Are you doing like out of them in your head right now, I'm eating it I could have a beat I'm. Okay, wait! Abby! This is Annie, wait. You said D or B EE. No, no, oh I said B. Okay, yeah I'm, gonna dig it. Thank you. This is the first time we've ever agreed him I, don't like working when I eat my candy. This is a job work. This is pleasure Jill, so Zack is the wild card. For once, we've got two bees and two E's. You are the swing. Vote Cirie's act, I'd, give it a D I, think that probably bland sit in a C, then a or D I think that lands on Indy yeah these sucks. It belongs there such a task. It's there's a lot. Okay, these MMS are [ __ ]. Let's just get these out of the way, yeah cuz. It's way too much. [ __ ]. Still here, [ __ ] delete delete, oh [, __, ], [, __ ]. Now here we go a rule. It's like mmm MMS from the future, the only moon. It's like Robocop, mmm style, I love. It look it's a little waxy. If you eat too many personally I'm, not a fan. Wow me, it's a name love it wait. Did you rate it higher than the cups I like him more than the cop? Oh I? Am I rocking more than the cops I do I? Do it -? Well, whoever invented that is a genius or like we've got the cops. Now we need the pieces. I like the pieces. - I want to rate it a B, but I feel like that's. That's [, __ ] up - put it on the same level as the cuffs, but apparently what did I say. I think I, give it a see here: okay! Well, it's a bee I'll, give it a beep, it's just not my personal taste, but I get it so I could see it being a bee. Hmm I'm, just not into the peanut butter stuff. I, don't have a fetish for peanut butter. I just know good candy when I taste it I agree. So I'll just sit here quietly waiting for you guys I'll, give it a beat, see: hey I! Guess it's a beating I'm, not a peanut butter gonna either the bee is getting crowded. B is getting crowded folks, this okay yeah, you guys about that extreme sour. Do they all say extreme sour? Or is this a special edition? Extreme sour I mean I, went to three stores, and this is all they had at all three. Well there you go okay, so then less where's, a sour man, is like sour. These are [ __ ] bomb. Last year, I love it s. Ass I love this our gang. Where are you guys crawling? No? No! Yes! Yes, all the way. It's not. As for medium I liked the texture a lot. The texture is amazing. It's like that hard chewy yep, but it's just it's too sour uh-huh. Let's just see for me yeah, this is C. Oh look at me, I'm suffering! No time it's a good supper. No, all right! That's 3! S's! To seize! I say: that's a name yeah at least not at leas. You can't get a s for this controversy. No that's the warheads! Bro wait! Did you take a warhead? No no come in, though wait. Are we really giving sweet tarts an A? Yes, wait, two seas and two S's: oh three areas: oh [, __, ], 3, s's and twosies yeah. I guess that's a name as much as I dislike it. I don't think it belongs. There that's an M&amp;M level, Snickers level you died. Milk died. Look at this beauty. Okay for callers love, the texture, the texture, I'll get eyes is perfect. The texture is vent. I love, the texture, I love hard chewy is what she said when she all right. Let's blast these three musketeers, nobody, let's just take a quick bite. Wow, it's missing everything instruction little nugget, nougat, where's, all the good joke. Like these candy bars. It's like Mexican food. You know how they're all very the same thing: Thanks Snickers, not at all Milky Way, doesn't have peanuts and Three Musketeers has nothing. That being said, I think it's pretty good and I can I'm kidding. I gave it a be one of my favorites I'd, give it an A. It's like eating fiberglass. This is me fiberglass [Music], like the are you talking about like insulation like the pink foam, it is kind of like up what Thank You Danielle's, not so bad. Okay. As far as like a chocolate bar goes there pretty shitty as well. [ __ ], you Dan, so it sounds like it's like a a D or SC. Okay. Well, I. Think it's I, don't care I, don't care either! No, we know we need to protect the integrity we had. I gave it a B. I was with you under B those two bees and a and - it's a series. It's a C, let's not rush through this, but in a lot of work well time to tear L can really see after your mama yeah. You know: I complain about hard candy, but to me the tootsie roll can be the perfect day and the perfect time you know mm-hmm. It's actually I regret, not remembering these. Last week, when we were talking about the tootsie roll, cuz, I still contend them actual tootsie roll is absolute garbage and the tootsie roll pop is basically they had so much unsold [ __ ] [ __ ] roll because nobody touch it. They put some good candy around it. Yeah the in the middle of this lollipop is a tootsie roll yeah. You always throw it away once you get down to that, because it's more oh I love it. It's coated in hard candy, a new connection to it is like a best thing ever, which it's a great lollipop, but a great we'll get to that core. That's like as soon as you break. My I would never buy this, but your mom always has it in a in their house and I always grab one mm-hmm. So what would you write that I, don't know could be to me? The lollipop part is like an A and then the tootsie roll is garbage, so that kind of brings it down to like a C when you average it out. Yeah it's a beer I'd, give it an A, Thank You, Zach I, give it an A -. Finally, so what I give it a B -, a like a bee bee me average. That surprised me at that one Ian in a sin: didn't you mad talk on the tootsie roll Ian? Well, it's the it's! The lollipop factor right! It's great I love the wrapper, it's colorful, and so, when I got one of these in the Halloween bag, it was always a big score. I forgot. They were even talking about Halloween all right. Let's go to the warhead just doing that everyone's waiting for this is Big E. Let's never had a warhead I, don't know if I never had one, but you can get [ __ ] wrecked, I'm, gonna get rekt. You want black cherry or blue raspberry. Try that women I think the blue will be more sour lemon. It's already sour dude, just look at it. It looks like it's coated in like cyanide. It looks like it was found at the bottom of a well haha. I can't do this when I was a kid I used, I would have to spit it out. Dan was telling us before the show they can burned the taste buds off his song. You ready, you got it, you can't you got it just throw it in your mouth and see how long you can take it all right! I'll! Do it with you? Oh my god. Take it out you're with me right, I, just tasted it for a second and I was shocked, just throw it in your mouth. You like the sour candies, mister sweetheart. It gets sweet, it gets weird yeah, it gets sweep. So as long as you can take it ready, go I'm, not salivating I'm, just holding his stuff I got a clamp down on it, I'm trying on to taste it, but it's so awful. Okay and I made it through you make it through and then a few becomes the hard candy and now Candy's good and then there's a surprise on the inside too, when you crack it open, clamp down on DA approved, like I, see you guys, my tongue feels like damage. Someone was administering a lethal dose of something to me. This would like like. Why am I hearing this because you're gonna eat this too right now really I made it through Wow I made it through. You know they used to do as a kid I. Just remember, IANS walking in disbelief. You know what I used to do with these. You guys didn't call me a little [, __ ], but I'll tell you own it ISO, wash it in the sink huh wash all the sour off and then heat it cuz the sweet parts really good on American I, don't like it I, don't think kids should eat. That is what I think what American there's something not right about: kids, but not in their mouth. It was like. My mouth is burned. There needs to be like a Shawn. Heaven show sour one American, but you gotta get to the center apparently they're, just an interesting in the center. Damn there's yeah there's like a little pop of like super sweet I, don't know something: I wanted open. I know, I didn't want to kill it, but you made me good wives in half [ __ ]. No, that's no way asked here all the way way. Warheads boy, you know, I'm gonna, be more fair, I! Think it's in I, don't know how to rake this because I know it's the shock. Fact it's not that bad, but for me, I would I would never got my bag. I, wouldn't I wouldn't even need it. I mean I would throw it out, but there is something to the shock. There's an originality point for sure. So we have two S's. Yes, sir, you see see for me in that's the whole range you guys. What's an effort, I think I think I'm as to a fantasy. It's not an F like I. Think I give it it. Yeah I'm, with your opinion, I think that that that probably rates it up be on average, which I think is fair cuz. It's a it is a hotly contested item. It's not for everybody, but for if you're, if you're into it some bomb-ass can. Is it an it is an S candy. It is totally in s. Candy Wow! Well, not in this term and I'm democratic process that you wanna have a revolt. Yeah like it's, not quite universal. It's exactly s. Candy is universal appraised. Zach I love, it peanut butter! Mmm! That's s here, yeah! Alright, let's move it all quickly! I love to this dish. It's like twister gum, right, I, don't know a Swedish about him, isn't, but it tastes great mmm-hmm, I, really like them, I think they're be be there. Okay, see for me, I guess it's generous, maybe even deep. Let's go deep! A steer for now now come on you out of control. That I know I love them. You can have that me. Ask your candies: why not compromises the integrity of your ass I'll? Give it a deep? Did you just unamerican yourself, South American, that's pretty arrogant in your self. Would you give it D, give it a D? Your D, you guys are pushing me down it's a B again, I, think or D you're not ready. Yet I was at a B with you about to be okay. I mean B is the root, is the kind of the curve? You know what I mean it's starting to look that way, we're all enjoy down there, bye, okay, so here's one I think that it's the only one there cuz, because so here no one wants that could possibly content. So the Smarties. Oh here we go no way. So the Smarties was something that was in your Halloween bag and access every year, no one with all of Smarties and I aid. I mean I, it's so bad. It's like it looks like a cran I mean it's so bad. How can you hate a they're just wrong with you guys? It's just tums I, give it out it with the other candy so and to help your stomach. You say that, like that's a bad thing, damn yeah exactly I love Tom's, it's just shocky boring I mean this is like you guys are insane if you lived in a sewer Society- and this was like the best they could do with candy, because they don't have access to like higher technologies like this is like a. This is like I'm eating the whole thing. While you were talking, okay, go ahead, I'm just saying like if you were in like prehistoric civilization, and they just found out about sugar, I didn't have really sophisticated ways of making stuff. This is like it's a F. Ah that's enough mojo that with you Smarties suck and they pissed me off Tibby for me and I have bad memories of having bags full of Smarties, everybody cuz. You try and trade with the other kids. Nobody wants you smarty. Nobody wants the smart. Everyone's got. A thousand of them. Guys are party poopers on American yep. What else? Let's go hit us I'd, give it an act, my god there's! No! There's no there's no consensus in this would be I'm moving to the sewer hold on. We got an a a B, a B and two F's. So what does that make that a C? No I do a D yeah? No, it can't be they liked. It said an a to bees and chefs I, guess it is it D yeah, that's like a D, because you got two F, that's yeah. That brings up way down. I mean it really belongs there on that [, __, ] tier next to corn and fun dip. I can't believe that I mean it's got a D at least if it was any higher than D I. Think, okay! Well, here's the other one that I thought would be a contender dum-dums, there's another [, __ ] that you get in your bag. You, like give me a break just some stupid little sucker. It sucks, there's nothing interesting about it, the doctor. Do it it's time to eat all dum dum yeah they're called dum-dums. It's tiny! There's nothing interesting in the center! There's no ingenuity! That's a half-and-half! Just right off the bat yeah! You can't get a flavor profile with the quick look like that. I, don't like, like you said it looks like the dentist gave it to me. It's so small. That was the one who and I who I just you know I just put into oop- I just put in watermelon one in my mouth: I. Don't like it. What's a D. You know it's Annie, oh Jenny yeah! If you guys want me to be fair, it's an it's. An ass I was going to eat that it's an Arab I, wouldn't even bother to pick it up. It's an F, honestly and honestly ofc, maybe even a B. This watermelon one is fire shut up, try the one! What are these called Smarties yeah? Absolutely not [ __ ], you Dan I'm gonna, stick to Rolaids thanks, hmm I'm, sorry I told you to shut up. That was rude of me. Okay, I guess! Oh I forgot overwhelmed in the heat of the moment. No I mean this is a debate. Man, that's okay! Shouldn't you gotta peel! Like that yeah you got to be passionate, all right, Ian! It's a cube! It [ __ ] Bret. What do I? What am I doing? It reminds me of the doctor I'm, giving it an F. Thank you. Yes, I'll, give it a beat. Thank you. What okay? Let me turn it around on you before we rush to conclusions here. We have three FS. Am I right, yeah and I, give it a C and he'd, give it a B. So that's a e for sure. So I think we have almond joy. Joy. That seems unfair, well got three ABS right, I mean as far as our rating system problems. You call dumb dumb. If I had a home enjoying a dumb-dumb in a boy total [, __, ] bowling, you know, I mean I want one of those. It's such a depressing candy yeah, it's the worst candy it is. It really is f, tear and now glare who made this no charisma, call it a dumb down rapidly and doctors office I. Just can't believe we don't have anything in the FT r. There's got to be one thing in there: good barb, it's her she's with peanuts. In that [ __ ] that [ __ ]. You can't trick me I know it's Hershey's and I still hate it E, it's even worse, because they treat me like a fool. Mrs. you're, a good barb, awful name. - might I add e. It said D for me because it's done as bad as his nose I. Just don't like that. They're trying to fool me into thinking. It's, which is a Hershey bar yeah I, almost want to dock it points for that tag, trying to pull a fast one every day, even in half, I want to see something on the FTA. No, no, no, no come on. Keep it real here, but we just got to keep it real. No I really I would never buy that trip. It is kind of the worst yeah I said see they could do his gun, so we got a FFP. Damn would you give it I was given I would say, learn to be a D but again I'm docking at points for like trying to I. Think it's a [ __ ] Hershey's bar. Is it it's a D I guess yeah, it's the same as Hershey's, but it should be less than hers. That's why I feel right just for being an [ __, ]? Okay, let's be honest here we got to be promise lis again, we come back to her seat, but at least this time it looks different. This one is very innovative. You know what I mean like it takes a little technological advance. Why do you do it? It takes a little technological throws it on the table, like I'm gonna, scoop the table, Wow, okay! This is definitely the best now what I, what I love about it is like how packed it is when, with cookies, oh yeah, it's like it's an amazing cold gray and that's a very American, that's American how its they give you. The value, yeah I, think it Sam I'm impressed I, give it a name. I was gonna, say a wow. This is an area baby yeah. Well, we have a full consensus here. Five is you know her? She really they really did a. They turned it around yeah I'm impressed. They went from dog [ __ ], mr. Goodbar guys. Mr. Goodbar has to be in half I'm. Looking at this I'm. Looking at this [ __ ], mr. Goodbar I can't stand the name yeah everything about it. It's more attention, she's, like I'll, tell you how far I'm, giving it an F you kid! That's not Democrat! Let's review the package for a second. Could it be any ugly? How does anyone buying that so looks like a cleaning product? Surprise, her she's embarrassed even put their name on. Oh man, alright, the last ones payday it's gonna be another. Nobody cares right. All right, you're undercutting all right, paydays, packed with nuts held together by caramel, looks like yeah everything I. Don't you like go, give it a shot. This looks disgusting. Yeah. There's like a little note like it know, when you poop, is that like yeah, it looks like the in your intestine, make a bigger right, not really take it. The whole experience. Okay, maybe I get some of the fillings yeah. Okay, I got it's fine. It's a C I fell asleep. You did all right guys go on American that [ __ ], there's nothing good about nothing. Yeah I, give it a C. For me, thing is now right: I love the middle of the peanut buttery unis. You know you like paydays, watches snicker. It's got that salty and sweet. It's like really salty. It is very salty I like that, like I'll, really like salted, caramel, dessert kind of stuff, this reminds me of it. So so we got an a we got to seize and we got a F I had a E, so it sounds like a sea yeah, it's down there, maybe even well, yeah sure you got you have a different opinion, well hold on ela. What? What do you want have to say about this? Damn no I'm going I mean the consensus is what it is I just you guys are all wrong. That's what I don't even think this, but just to play devil's advocate for a second I. Just keep going back to this dumb dog. You really said that what do you mean yam, it's so good he's I just keep going back to this one I love it well. How was it in even him? Does that mean you didn't liked? It I didn't give it any and gave me like an area yeah, but it's in E all right. Let's talk about the candy at hands, sour patch, kids, hazen classic s and s has love you don't even have to try it's enough. P.M. I got a try one hold on other. What well let them try. It is serious. Wait did all four of you give it s yeah dad before trying it. You know. That's not true. Ian, be honest, they're, not mmm. What's so good, if, after all, this candy I'm still eating up mm-hmm, there's perfect balance, mm-hmm sour sweet chewy, that's all happening back up from Mike, it's the gummy [ __ ] is the worst I like mr. head up in this [ __ ]. Ah, that's a beef for me. I think it still holds that yes, four 4s is one B does not I think that's a whole good ass yep up there boom, don't Erica have any of our s has been non-unanimous besides that one I think so, yeah I think 2x and KitKat right, starboard, starburst wasn't wasn't unanimous I, give it a a yeah. So there you go or a B, then I gave it there. It is that's the tier list now, if I, the only one we all agreed on was them in him: peanuts, Hershey's, no four 4s I think we all said everyone's wigs right. I know anybody not feel like twixes and s cuz. It's because it's an ass! Alright, don't remember! Well just right now, I think peanut butter and this I think the peanut butter M&amp;M have a concise I, don't know if I see twixes and ass. It's fine with me. This is awesome. Yeah on American, the ones that I have the biggest beef with looking at this list, because there is no EFT here and I'm being honest. Mr. Goodbar is a [ __ ] FD r-- I, like it revised I, think that Bart is such dog [, __ ]. So pathetic, there's nothing of value in that, let's drop it down there I mean. Doesn't you know? That's my vote. I'm I'm in favor, should we revote on mr. Goodbar yeah I'm in favor of dropping a tough Ian flush. It I don't think it's an ass I wouldn't accept a knee okay. Well, then, what how did you even get up when it Inadi like what happened in our rating system? Ian gave it like a s or something insane. [ __ ] I'd rather eat it than a regular Hershey's. That's indeed dude what okay? What about? What did you see the package? So what about dum-dums- and you guys are loving the dum-dums if I can't get that I'm just trying to figure out if there's a true F here, all candy corn, it's the candy corn I'm, enjoy [ __ ] everything up, I'm know I'm, not the only one that likes candy, corn, Zach and Ian, both like candy corn, yeah, it's the almond Joey! That's enough! It's not we're like way. It's the Goodbar! It's the [, __ ], good Bart. You all know it we're well out of the average. By having the candy corn that I agree, I mean we like the candy corn. You got to give it up all right. Three people liked it in this room of five people, I know, but the it's Banali, it's normal. It's not an anomaly, do it do it Twitter poll, then, let's see when we post this episode done. Oh well, they won't know what we're talking about. Well, no, okay, go ahead. Do it all the way uncle [ __ ], just like do like what we have to we're already got no idea: [ __ ], you Dan! For me, though, the only one I mean dum-dums. Mr. Goodbar is F. For me, those are just truly pointless yeah. But again we couldn't agree on that. Really. Mr. Goodbar Ian I can't get over that look at it. Yellow and red I'm, not gonna budge on this all right. There you have it um sure nice was gonna, come murder us by the way. I don't know if I just want to remind you that oh yeah, that's fine! Oh you want to order food. Ian I just want to sleep, don't the pole! Leigh! We got to wrap it up. Boy have to talk about bail, Delphine I! Don't want to talk about it. Zack was the one that was banging my no. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do I mean? Zack is always the ending the earth like after our oh sure he sent me. The new video I'm sure with like saliva emoji was like okay, don't you have a girlfriend I do let's watch it. I've got all the good parts. Time-Stamped. Are you doing a poll down yep? So let me just see because I don't want to get started and then get interrupted with the poll. So, let's just find out. Let's get the real feedback. We should be ready to DT right. That's what we gave it. Yeah I was D all right, I'm tweeting it now yeah, it's dt r. How are you phrasing? The poll yeah good question? How did you feel about us rating candy, corn, dt r? No, no! No! No! No! That's are loaded, it's already the way. You say you say you say s, ABCDEF, no great candy, corn, we're not giving them why'd you! Let them write it dude, but you're giving them. That's, not a good, biased poll. That's a total loaded potential. It's actually way more biased all right. Well, then, what am I waiting for you gotta. Do the scientist delete that tweet? Okay? How did you actually word it? How do you feel about its rating candy, corn, dt r, it's either okay or it's an F or it made me, lose all respect and I got to tell you the it's. An F is winning by a lot already so yeah. But you wait. The best option. Is it's? Okay? It's okay! That's a horribly loaded! Yeah! You have you cannot you can't reveal what you want. The answer would be in the poll Dan. That's why I'm saying it has to be tier ass through F, so that the people can decide on their own, but you you're, you're, influencing the poll you're at you're playing God mmm go lower. Did we raise candy corn as a result of this poll? High corn? Here's a taste of the responses, candy corn tastes like my depression, dang I meant to put it belongs in the Shadow Realm. It's too [ __ ] high. Do we raise it? No, you don't touch it all of its compromised in the poll. We can compromise. This chart. I. Think all right in let's make a trade I move, candy corn up to C, and we move mr. Goodbar down to 1/2 I'm in favor of I like I like candy corn I'd. Rather you can turn them whoppers or nerds. Really [, __, ], smart use. I just can't believe that what about over an Almond Joy I would rather eat it overall enjoy I mean anything over an Almond Joy. So why do you want no almond joys, not a nap I! Think it's in he candy there's the thing about almond joy. We can. If we can labor this conversation even further, is that there is something novel about it. There's no creative! Would you ever reach for four? No, but there's something creative, there's some spark of life in it. Somebody cared about the creation of this band. You got mr. Goodbar. They don't even think it's just battered some peanuts and our Hershey's and tried to rebrand it. It said just longer hurry. It's really not it's a real anything! Dum Dums is even worse. It's like a tiny little big dollop of coffe hard candy. At least they called himself now Yeah right they own it. Mr. Goodbar is a bonafide F. There's nothing good about an Almond Joy over this I agree, there's nothing good about it, but there's a spark of life, ow coconut in the almond. It's terrible, fine, but you're not listening to music. It's about the the intention. It's about the artistries, about the creativity of it. The presentation is terrible. The worst thing I've ever seen. It literally looks like a DGL van at least there's something comforting about it. Almond joys, just like unknown territories join the name. I need a good bar over a gummy burger whoa. No, the gummy burger is the one that likes the good bar to begin with. So what what is your? The hamburgers beloved? It's not moving all I'm saying an almond joy should be. You know well, I, disagree. Mr. Goodbar should be a [ __, ] F. So why don't we compromise? Let's put them both down? That's not compromise! That's yeah! The only thing you're compromises the integrity of the tier list, we're ending this conversation yeah in I'm pissed at you, I can't what else is new I can't believe like like? Really that's that's. You want to fall on your sword on the Goodbar sword. So how is Nepal doing? Okay, people that were okay with our rating is 35% and then the other two compound are what 65, so basically they're loaded and ass, pathetic Rick's point: two percent of the people lost all respect for the podcast. Let's move on you're trying to rig the game. You're like you're you trying to meddle in our lectures, fake news, fake news and by the way, even by your fake news poll, Dan thirty percent, still like it, we go home. We gotta end this conversation dick order, some Veggie girl so order some fried food to wash down all this crap. Okay good and could put put a note on my burger extra, fried all right, Roger extra almond joy yeah. Can you melt some almond joy in my burger? It's exhausting there's too much what candy debate it's taking a lot out of me. Man! Well, the good news is Bell Delphine's back that should energize us she's back your favorite killing your favorite kitty girl who's into daddy Dom. Let's see what she and Olivia was making us talk about this again. Yeah Eva does have respect for Bell, and so do I she's a character she's funny too, and the actual content a little weird for me, okay, so what I think is going on is it says how to become Bell Delphine she's, playing with the skeleton trying to cast an incantation on the skeleton to turn it into Belle, Delphine and I? Think it's meant to be a Halloween spooked Oberer video came out. November 4th, however, so I think that people were confused by that regardless. Let's take a look, this is my friend mr. skeleton and today we're going to turn them into Belle Delphine [Music], but first I have to show you that I am a real doctor. Now you need an operation table and one of these spooky boards. Next, you must find a large heart here is mine. Then you take a big knife and gently cut the heart open. This will show it so I was wondering what it was. It's just a turkey I mean it's just a chicken a whole chicken, just cutting into the breast I say yeah I was like what is that you know this is a Jacob, no Raj, because only open hearts can accept love. If you want to be a good girl, you must always keep a little space for God in your heart, make sure she's nice and warm you put a little mother Mary stuck together. It's very special. It will stop on. Do you think this is a desecration of life? I mean it's a little dramatic but well I, don't know you're you're the vegetarian yeah, it's disgusting. Why is she doing this? It's funny it's epic lol, so random. Well, what she's doing for the audio listeners is she's cut open and they breast of a raw whole chicken and put a virgin mother Mary in it and is covering it up with glitter glue. It's so edgy and cool Wow dance, hey, didn't big-time on bow forget Jesus must always have the deepest position in the heart. That's right! Woah Ian! Where did that? Come from she's been praising God ever since that Connie. Oh, that's what it is a carnie related by the way. How do you feeling about the album after I mean I, assume you've been had the chance to take it in I've, been jam and big time praising God? It went again for the third time. All things are possible with God [Music]. Do you feel that you've made a religious resurgence or or do you just enjoy the music I just enjoy the music but I like seeing people invested in that way? My teeth are so green. From this you'd like to see people, praise, God, praise, Jesus, see people believe in something and have such a you know, passionate about it, and it's just positive there I don't know. Are there? Are you the only I mean I, just imagine like a black church and you're the only white guy there, no as a Kanye concert, 90% way and then, like families combined interesting I wish. It was like that that'd be awesome, okay! Well, let's cut that out, for the highlight, take a timestamp say: make sure your heart can't be weighed down. This will allow you to flutter through life at your own speed. Now sleep Attila I have I have to admit. Then I had the same kind of reaction where it was just like what the [ __ ] is. This nobody's, like, oh so, edgy like just a little too trihard edgy yeah, but there's really impressed by by you know, but there it gets better. It gets better. It does get better, don't get all all right, don't get all bent out of shape. Oh I thought you said banana I'm, getting a little defensive. All right, then don't skip through yeah, of course, I'm at the good part. Now remember, you can't thread the needle with your own spit if there's a chance that this whole spell will backed by a beautiful fall out. [Music] [Applause], [Music] and here is a plaster. This is especially important for girls without father I thought that was funny. She must not have liked a dad right, daddy, dome, yeah. What's with the daddy Dom special girl without a dad, I mean I feel like she was just born. I feel like she was just like born into like a sewer and somebody fished her out like how does this girl exist? I don't know, but actually has a really lovely bedroom behind her yeah dude from a sewer yeah. Now that she's made a lot mate, she does well for herself, but also her in her bedroom. She was like a buffalo or a skeleton. So that's not that kawaii. Is it illa? Here's a another timestamp. This part she inserts the heart into the skeleton to give it life. Now you have to open up your chest and press it in now make sure it's secure, I can't just have it falling out when you're walking around say know what you smile the braces at some point: I, don't see braces. Maybe it's just the clear on the TV it could be. It is a line make sure you have a super teeth. Look nice anyway! This part is just like some pickles nonsense. This part we've got rooked Anna's skull is small and broken, but it's a good place to hold your slime, so she would Dimmick welcome. Rock turner was the guy who what was the story with Brock Eli? You use the rapists, but he's got like the best mugshot like. Oh, he would know he was the guy that pleaded like he was like got out for being wealthy what'd. They say he got it like an extremely light sentence. I believe, and it was very they coined a term. They coined a term for him called like piece of [ __ ]. No, no about his well thing about is what they coined some turn about. They gave him a lighter sentence because of his economic status, I see, I, don't know what term that is, but let me see, but yeah there was controversy over his lenient sentence that he got. They called it uh gosh darn it can you guys try to figure it find that, but anyway, he's got the best mug shot. So she kind of she's took a stance against rape, and this, which is pretty good I, mean that's think, I. Think that's pretty good of her. What did she say about it? You got the best mug shot. Doesn't that's you nice flat? Fifty it's his skull here to play time. You must be careful if you breathe in the slime, you can develop severe case of osteoporosis. Brooke Turner's skull is small and broken, but it's a good place to hold your slash, she's taken a chance against rape. What time to make it further I feel like even even even acknowledging that she has some moral boundary of any kind is kind of a a positive step for me. I suppose, are you talking about the term outercourse out of horse Rock Turner's lawyers trying to get his attempted rape charge overturned by coining the term outercourse? No, they didn't calling that turn. First of all, no, it was called first of all. Then out, of course, is something I've performed on illa many times, of course, which is later described as fully clothed sexual contact not to be confused with intercourse. How can you give for his outer course for the intercourse? Well, what was it called? I? Don't know who cares? Imagine this highlight cut this part. I, don't know if it's raw chicken or what doesn't look right. You took something you jerk off. What does a teenager and then just have cement? Shame afterwards, [Music] interesting at any point, yeah! Here's this part. Actually it does. You you'll be happy to know that we're getting to it. I don't want to see more remember. This is why we add the razor blades. This makes sure her memory juice comes out. Some memories can be hard to swallow. Can't they mr. skeleton, pretty epic any thoughts. Yet this one shocked the hell out. What's the tear, what do you rate this video on the terror list? Alright, well get ready hold on to your buckets, because this one shook me alright, [Applause] [Music] today, I'm only halfway through kameez on the growth Wow. Okay. What was this post just a couple days? I mean just like two days ago or yesterday. Yes, we know yesterday it was supposed to yesterday. Was it just a Halloween meme that, yes, it was a holiday? It's a Halloween meme, that's late! Oh that's! My assumption at all right well! Does that help I did say that it's bad when I yeah so, but it gets good at the end. I think you'll enjoy it for months. For her to come back well, no I think they're happy that they at least have come from I. Don't wish she wasn't drafted into a sex trade. Yes, I've got to wrap it up in like 15 minutes. Is this how you want to spend the last minutes of this episode? Well, I'm, almost done yes, you enjoy I like the video Ethan. Thank you. How would you rate it on a tier list? He's just it's up there with the good bar I? Think, okay, but it's almost not just come on, throw me a bone here. Look at this beautiful thing! It looks just like her, your internet, families, good luck and, most importantly, have fun. Mr. skeleton. No so wait wait! Wait here! You get two okay imma skip this part and then at the end, I thought this was interesting. She licks the raw chicken and actually gets voted out which isn't something I thought was possible, but you know that that I thought it was interesting that she was even disgusted by it because I'd like to see that he's actually human, yes, that she exactly if I was her I would have kept that out, because to me she's just down for anything. Ela did not like that video I, don't think I want to watch someone play with raw chicken. That's just Zack. What do you think I mean you're the one with the premium snapchat? Oh, my god, I just I didn't I didn't get it I didn't get it I mean well to be fair. We did watch it and well to also be fair on the being fair. That is what it is yeah. Well, we didn't watch the part. The part that pissed me off was like who's gonna, clean all that it up. Okay, that's where my mind goes like the cleanup yeah. That would be not fun. Well, probably her daddy Dom yeah. Actually, when I just pulled up the comments, this one top comments on the video is what the fact someone has to clean up this mess makes me sad. They probably did on a tarp. You know if they're smart and they just wrapped it up all day. I mean someone's filming yeah and her and I have to say the sitter stole the Virgin or insulin on saint virgins, but in cells. She was with a guy at the pornhub Awards. Is that right in well, I, don't see right now what I don't remember, seeing anybody that wasn't it wasn't yeah I remember there was a guy with her. You told me: she was with the guy. No I didn't remember that either I, don't remember. Are you becoming a beldo fan fan what is going on yeah you're, actually watching this well I had to watch it for the show. Remember that I'm just saying it for Zach, because alright I'll side with the other side with you thank know. It's back am I in the hot see right now, I mean come on I like this fine I can handle the hot seat here. I like her as an entertainer that I know, but I want to [ __ ]. Do you actually like the content? Cuz I? Don't some of it. I like like the stop. The squid one was gross, but I thought it was funny and I mean there was a good moment like when she pulled up they that ar-15 I was like what the [ __ ] but like, but we're going to read in the past, like you know the the length that she'll go to make a joke like with the fake arrests and all this I mean you know that stuff was funny but I agree. You made like 10 10 times them well I'm, trying to put together a show, I, don't like it Cheryl look up. Cutie is sustaining well yeah I mean yes, I'm kind of entertained by watching HeLa rose to you right now. What have I done? Man I'm come here. I lay myself before you all. You want to plan the next show and I'll just sit in the backseat backseat driver. It I just feel, like you were a little too into this awful video and I wasn't into it. Do it how I just click through you made it sound like there's a point to watching it. There was no point, so we put it the title. The thugs people always click for her. It's not that secret. It's not a big secret. We all we always get like 10 times more abusement you that could've done when, let's view a second first time that I've been it was appointed by the bell contest, so usually, okay. So why is that my fault I? Guess it's not week if we should be able to decide to collectively I'm concerned when it seems like we're not on the same page, you know we're on the same page, not nuts. What do you want me to say? I mean I thought it was funny that you were so grossed out. I thought it was funny nine timestamps here, nine one, two, three, four, five, six, seven eight and the first one is the actual. Is the video? Do you think that I would this video was so long? Do you know when I was doing research and planning for this episode? I watched it through once, first of all, just to see what it was and then the second time just so, you know I watched it at two times speed because I don't want to sit through the whole [ __ ], 12 minute video, so I could timestamp the semi-interesting spot. Why are you making me throw her under the bus? I mean some are hit. Some are miss, but but she's part of the lore of this show and together we have to I gotta, keep it real, yeah and I just question your judgment. A little bit on this video that I come out saying this is the best video you guys. Gonna love this the layer. Well, you kind of said like keep watching and stuff like that. Well, the school shooting mean people liked that was okay. There you have it that did give me a chuckle dan laughed quite a bit and went dead to school, shooting man, yeah, I, guess I've, never seen a video like that. There you have it okay, but okay! Ian! Do you have something nice to say: I mean I, don't know we should check in bells. Are most thumbnail person of all time like a good amount like I would have never guessed that that she would have been our most thumbnail, but you just follow the clicks baby. At the end of day you have, you know, [ __ ], putting a picture of she. You know Vin Diesel on his balcony. Let me say this picture so dalire. Do you ultimately listen? Ultimately, you think can't talk lately like what was it. You couldn't tell me the name of some celebrity and you said it's so wrong. Ultimately, if this is what gets us clicks, we'll really know who watches man, he was he's jacked and then really limp self go man. It's [, __ ], epic I love this phone wait. He was never that Jack, that's not real I. Don't know he was pretty Jack. Look at that he's. Gonna set his first name or last name is Kennedy and he was like so or not. Well, I called George Bush George, Washington, yeah I was pretty good. What do we decide? We like bail everything else on the dock. Are you gonna talk about Friday, kscypher slogan, Paul, there's tons of unsold tickets? No, because a [ __ ] I, like that, put it up either Clinic a surprising amount of tickets. Unsold here, look at the look at this stadium. These [ __ ] I feel like the first time people cared it now. I mean nobody gives a [ __ ] right like these are all available. I! Think no, but they weren't even selling these seats. I, don't know! What's with this one, we looked it up, cuz it's this Saturday, Indian and I were like. Maybe we should go like I know. Would that be funny and what I'm interested well? The the unsold I think I know why the tickets aren't selling the Rings tickets, of which there's a ton left, or what do we see like five, five, fifty apiece and that's before, like fees and everything? So you know you talking like a 600 650 ticket too I think so yeah I'm not trying to I'm, not sure, but it's gonna be hilarious. Cuz, it's all unsold, including the second. You can see where the media section is so that's where the cameras will be right here right and so that one to the left of the Ring, that's like way open. So it's just it's just gonna look empty on. So all of these nosebleed sections are sold, I guess so cause there's. Nobody wants to 500 bucks, yeah I think what would happen if that was the cases that they would probably just tell everyone to move in yeah yeah. They probably will I think you know how pissed everyone be like the 180 people that yeah I mean there was a decent amount of those expensive ones sold, but well. According to the about half half the seats were available still, there are still well over six thousand tickets available, including a healthy portion of the cheapest tickets, which were priced at forty one dollars. Some sections in fact are completely available. Yeah, including some of the floor sections behind the media. Only a handful of tickets have been sold for the going rate of five hundred and seventeen dollars. I mean what Logan Paul fan has five hundred dollars to drop on this [ __ ] did the first time was novel. I, don't think anyone cares this time, I mean I, really don't yeah. That's that's done. You know. I was like a guy who why to you know what I heard that affair I just looked it up. Capacity of staples is 21,000, so there's 6,000 tickets left I mean they did so like probably 10 to 15,000 tickets. That's a lot, but but oh they're made most of money on pay-per-view last year too, because ultimately it cost. So much puts a production like that on yeah that there I heard that yeah I mean the vast majority of the money they made was from pay-per-view. They had like a million pay-per-view sales. Is the food here down, but we gotta wait for the food so might as well go until it's here we have to go over some tiny fry stuff. So do you want to talk about the boomers, the n-word or what saved that hey? Maybe save it so I'm going a long time. So let me just finish this I'm really in candy the candy always loves us up. We got all along all right service. Well, this is looking good there. Their service is unavailable currently to buy tickets, really huh just try again huh crash on the website. Staples Center. What's with these URLs at eff, percentage, F percentage, 2f percentage 2f like a thousand times, explain that to me and Dani I. Well, I! Guess we'll save these stories, but tik-tok is being investigated for being a Chinese data farm which is awesome in hilarious. Would you people are being paid three thousand dollars to be intentionally inflected with influenza infected with the flu influenza, the rare h1z1 h1n1? Oh, that one yeah like they're, really not only [ __ ], oh wow, 3k, though at ball, so you have to be under surveillance for a week. So it's pretty gnarly [, __, ] swine flu, swine flu did how much 3 grand yeah, but also you have to sit in a in a laboratory for a week of your life come on. We are worse fates, I, guess, yeah. There are worse fates like dying of the flu, which could happen. Okay, your 3 grand though there you go, hey just a quick update. We've got 3,300 votes on this poll so far the poll is invalid. Talking it's relevant 43%! It's an F 21% made me lose all respect all sinks. It's dead on arrival to be fair, then, and I was on your side. The poll is not fair. The poll is like why even rating me that crap, it's like building a boat with holes in it. Yes, on arrival all right so anyway, Logan Paul versa case I, any predictions on that I mean I'm, gonna watch the highlights, but I could predict. Everyone loses because it's stupid anybody involved loses Wow. Nice edgy joke, though honestly didn't spend 12 minutes making it that's how long that video was 12, minutes I think they put more effort in than 12 minutes, what'd I miss I mean he said he put 12 man, you said I was being edgy and I said at least my edginess Wednesday three seconds I'm like that [ __, ] bell. Why are you I'm the host? Why Jeff and Tom you wrap it up and I and I am? Are you [ __ ] with me where's the pizza max just going nuts with the soundboard he spamming the [ __ ] out of it you're in candy, the last he was over it. The last fight was a draw and I think many people thought that was a rigged, I. Think personally, I think Logan's gonna win Logan's gonna win he's like a girl he's like a foot taller. They just way bigger he's heavier, you know, I mean and yeah he's been training for like a year. At this point all he does you don't tell me I, you know, I, don't usually admit this, but I do kind of guide. You never mind. I got a piece so bad all right, let's wrap it up. It is cheeseburger fries, cheeseburger fries, all right done. We doing this. Yeah cut me up. Love you guys see on Friday ha ha [Music].