You welcome everybody to episode 200 of the h3 podcast. Thank you to ring and ridge, the two r's we love our sponsors. There's not many of them left folks, so we love them a lot uh. Today we commemorate episode 200 with these beautiful uh shirts, which, instead of it's my fupa shot, but instead of my fupa, it's the earth episode 200., it's you looking down and reflecting reflecting on everything we've achieved over these past 200 episodes show the back too. That's pretty cool. The back shows our transitions of the at logo. Hopefully the improvements. The like. Oh, is that what it is I didn't realize it's my favorite first version I was like. I don't know why there's three logos, but that's amazing, and the three numbers are the three uh color schemes that is very cool. That's the whole history of the show, a genius design from a genius mind that belongs to ian ian slater. You do have a genius mindy and I hope you know that I want to go that far but I'll take it. Thank you! Well, you don't have to go that far. I'm saying it and frankly, I'm sick of you correcting me uh available at h3h3shop.com for two weeks only and the money will be shared with our crew. This is not me hoarding gold like scrooge mcduck, you guys, will get most of it all right, um. You know many people would say ethan. You know over 200 episodes. I'm surprised that you're even uh still care about this show after um. You know the show has gone downhill. Everybody's uh made videos eviscerating you on the internet, I mean how do you still care? How do you still go on and to those people? I say I love this show I love you guys. I love the crew and I will never quit this h3 podcast. While there's breath in my lungs. Nobody will stop me and I'll. Tell and I'll go one step further. We are going to be stepping it back. What is today monday, it's friday that was so far well, I knew it was the beginning or the end, the end ela. You know it is the end for me. For me, it's big because when friday hits it means the weekend comes, and that's when we're alone with theodore there's no help yeah, so it means I wake up at 6 a.m. So it's a bit it's something that I cannot ignore: I'm dreading the whole wing. Yes, yes, so it's friday, big time, big time, friday! Okay, thank you, but my point of saying. That is that this is our second episode of the week. Okay, now that signifies the 200 episodes, but guess what I'm I'm starting to think? Maybe it's time for three episodes a week cross it out baby. You know what I'm saying, maybe it's time for five episodes over here: okay, okay, every week, dude monday through friday, who's going for that who's, ready, zach, zack everyone, nobody wants nobody's, excited, I'm stoked, I'm in! Thank you zach! No, but we're definitely gonna be stepping back up to two episodes a week. So we're all very happy to be here, and we thank you guys so much for sticking with us on this toad's wild ride through 200 episodes. Also, a milestone is our help campaign in which we pledge to give out 100 000 of our own cash, which we've done, I told elo the bleeding is finally over because here's the thing there's a couple of things. I realized over the course of this help campaign um, you know, look I'll admit that in the past couple of years my perception of money has definitely changed. When me and ela were young bucks. 500 was a godsend, you know, and so, when you're giving out every day, so we had another 50 000 from brendan green he's the creator of uh pubg. He pledged he generously donated 50 000, so we gave out 150 000 total three winners every day 500 when you're, giving out 1500 every day. That's a lot of money like I don't ever spend 1500 on a single item like very rarely while I spend that kind of money, but then you're doing it every day. For a hundred days I mean you really get a grasp for how much money that is you know and and for how just how long 100 days I mean that's over three months. This is what surprised me the most actually, how long is 100 days. So it's kind of I mean it's kind of incredible how you know it's both a lot of money and not a lot in a weird way, because I it's like when you think about it. It was three times 100 300 people doesn't seem like that. Many well yeah. When you see the comments, it feels like not a lot because so many people are like. I really wish it was me, but uh nice, but yeah, because there was like 15 to 20 000 people entering every day and only 300 people won over the whole course yeah. So I don't know you know the other thing that struck me was like when I started when we started this. I have a bad habit of saying I when I mean we true right when we started this 100 days ago. I fully I was like you know. 100 days I was like that seems kind of long like we'll probably be this will be behind us by then. I really thought so like we had a serious conversation and we that was really what we thought we're like. Maybe we should lower it too yeah like 60 days like is it going to seem irrelevant by then I? The last thing I expected was that we would be in in a worse position, yeah a pretty much a worse position than we were when we started it so and then the the other thing that struck me was really the amount of conspiracy that I actually I did that not surprise you. I have to say. Not only did it surprise me um. They almost convinced me that we're doing something wrong like it's crazy. It almost feels like we didn't just do something good, it's so weird, like it's actually making me really reflect about how you take in things from online and social media. How you really let it affect you, because this is something that is undeniable to me. You know, there's no, like there's no question here, we're just donating money. It's a good thing out of my bank account that should hurt that's a lot of money. It's a good thing period and then the fact that people actually manage to make you feel bad about it or I don't know it's weird but that, but it did get to me. So there was immediately conspiracy where every winner would be like. There was a problem. I mean in the scope of the amount of people entering a very small amount of people but dedicated where they would comb through the history of every winner, trying to prove that they were either bots or a fake account. The two the conspiracy was that it wasn't a real giveaway and that we had we had made tons of fake accounts to fake giving away the money, which seems like a lot of work. Why yeah? What do you stand to gain from it? So you just like free retweets. Do you think you just want those? No, I want the I want the good will that I gave away a hundred thousand dollars, but this way I don't have to give away anything. But you know that's like fraud. I feel like that would be a really stupid thing, but look there's no logic but like the people, the actual winners uh many of them had to turn their accounts private because they were getting harassed yeah by these [ __ ] weirdos, who are convinced that it was all a weird conspiracy. So either people were accusing the winners of just have being bots and like scamming, or they were accusing us of faking the giveaway. I'm sure it was a small amount of people, but it was surprising and it just is really representative of the amount of conspiracy and just how the negativity rises. You know how well there's people conspiratorial about everything these days and it's interesting because it doesn't come from. You know, there's definitely some foundation to it. There have been people that have done fraudulent gofundme pages and fraudulent. You know donation things and they actually just stole the money. So it's fine to be critical of things, but I don't know. I found it interesting too that uh the the origin of a lot of these conspiracy theories was that the service that we were using to do the drawing um you know uh it automates all of it, so people would enter and then um I was the one that was doing the drawing. So you know I'd run the draw and it would pick three people and then I would go through and manually inspect their accounts just to double check that, basically to address what those people were concerned about, make sure that it's a real person and that it's not a bot or something, and if it did seem like it, was a bot I would redraw manually and then give it to somebody else instead and then, because I was doing that people thought you know we weren't on the up and up and were accusing us of giving it to bots. When really it was the exact opposite of that, like we were our action of trying to make sure that real people were getting the money is what fueled the conspiracy theory. So it just well because in the beginning people were saying: oh you're, not vetting these people you're, giving all the money away to bots. So we said: okay, we're going to vet, we're like that's fair, I'm sure there are people who are just botting it trying to win. And right so I said: okay, let's vet the winners, just look at them over and make sure that they're real people as best as you, you know as reasonably as you can and so a few times dan would, as he said, acts one and then they go. Oh, these are the three winners you originally picked so something's. You know yeah anyway, you know I wish we could help more people, I mean, but I'm happy we're able to help in some small way and um it was a. It was a. It was a interesting ex uh. You know experiment. I I want to keep finding ways to help because I feel like yeah, I mean it's a drop in the bucket 300 people, and now here we are it's like 20 unemployment and god knows man. I don't even know. I really wonder now. What's gonna start happening because evictions are starting to happen right and I haven't heard, but I know there was like a a freeze on evictions and there was basically people who are unemployed are getting an extra 600 on top and that's helping a lot of people, and I know that was slated to end at the end of this month. So I don't know, what's gonna happen, I know I don't have enough money to give all those people 500 I'll, be on unemployment, myself, um anyway. The good news is that, through helping people and caring about coronavirus, I have made it to a trump supporter stock. Liberal meme- I don't know I made it to this, so you know how on twitter people go. These are the people in the replies and they post like um. You know, I think it started with people goofing on trump supporters, because it just shows a bunch of dudes, with huge glasses sitting in a truck yeah, like the sunglasses, they're, all like q and on and whatever so here is that the version of that for libtards- and I don't know why I made it. What did I do? Why did I go lip tight, dude? That's why damn I I don't know why I'm being classified as a libtard. I accept the title, though I guess that's pretty funny I mean I don't really fit the bill, because all these people are kind of candid photos, and here I am that's like a from a video you know. So how do you feel being married to a lib tart dealer? I have no problem with that. Oh thanks for saying that I don't like it like why. What what is it? Do you like it or do you not like it were any of the other people recognizable? No, no! Well! Actually, one! Oh yeah, they're steven universe, rebecca sugar. The creator of steven universe wanted the greatest show of all time. Okay, that's her, but like you're in good company, whatever yeah. I think it's a compliment. I don't I just. Why did I get this title? Why am I being derided as a libtard? You just uh look great in that photo with a beanie, I gotta start wearing glasses and just drive a pickup truck I'm over as [ __ ]. Nobody can. Nobody can stereotype me. Well, let's wait for my cyber truck to all right. That is a libtar card, I'm sad to say: okay, also exciting news, belle delfin, a friend of the show is back. Can I is there any personal info in this picture? I'm it's all pretty fuzzy you can cut. You can blur it. If you know I looked at it though, and it's totally so belle. You know, friend of the show um she just out of the blue. We've been working on this for, like a month, she's like hey, I'm coming back to the internet, I want to send you a package to celebrate for you to open on the show this was like a month ago and then last week she's like I was like man. I I wonder if she forgot about us, because I hadn't heard from her in a while, then a couple days ago, she's like all right here they are. I want you to open them in this order. One two three: these are like big ass packages. One of them is here, it's like basically as tall as I am, but the third one is so this one is caught in customs and I really pray that it's not something so weird that they just like, send or trash it. So we cannot open them because there's an order yeah, she says, don't open them. If customs open, it make sure your guys like keep it a secret. You have to order it in this specific. You have to open it in this specific order. We have two of them. I I mean what could it be? These are huge packages and by the way she must have cost her a fortune to see yeah I mean the red one is like as tall as a person. Yes, it's a solid five feet tall for sure I love her and she she shipped them like two day or something from the uk to los angeles. It's got to be stupid. Someone someone guessed maybe she's in the box. Yeah no way I said, zach would love that talk to me. Baby vin diesel would love that, if that was in the box van diesel would totally creep on bell. Why? Why did I end up in beautiful world? So I really have no guess honestly, this one's a painting. I predict this. One is like she was selling paintings where she put like paint on her vag and [ __, ] and sat so I'm thinking that's what this is. But I could that's what it is. How are we gonna ever explain that to theodore when he's I'll, say theodore, there's a girl named belle who put paint on her vag and sat on a canvas and sent it to you. Your dad is so good this one. I have no idea. Yeah uh is maybe it's like a full-size cutout of her the tall one yeah. Maybe do you think she's that short she could be yeah yeah. It's like five feet tall. I mean I think ian uh ran into her at the pornhub awards. She was really short right. I'm not like super short, okay yeah. You know not normal girls, yeah. Normally, no, it's like five feet. I think that's reasonable. I'm saying it's a real doll. It's too thin. How could it be a real doll? A real doll can press. Maybe you have to inflate it's very light. It's too light to be real, though ela. If bell sent us a real doll, would you allow me to [ __ ] it absolutely not? No! Okay, just curious! Is that cheating it's not, but I just disapprove not that I would want to I'm just well. It sounds like you want. I know like it's a good question here. We go. I think it's a good question. Okay! Well, the answer is no okay good to know. I won't do it. I wouldn't do it anyway, zach's like so you you throw it out right who gets it? What time does your garbage collect? So do we keep it in the prop room? Would you be offended if zack had sex with the real doll? No and then, but but then she's like well, it's yours you've got to keep it so zach [ __ ] it, but then we have to keep it at our house. I mean she's sending it for the show right, it's not to you personally. It should be on set not in zach's closet, you're, saying it's a communal, real doll, [ __ ] it I don't want to handle it. I don't know we bought for one of my friends in college uh. His girlfriend was like lived in france or whatever, so we thought it'd be funny to buy him a fleshlight for his birthday and um wait for it. This gets good and um. This was like when flashlights were new and it was like the weirdest thing right. So we went to a six store together and we we each chipped in. We bought him at. We thought it'd be specifically funny to buy him an [, __ ] flesh, because you got like the mouth, the veg and the [ __ ]. Okay, I think the mouth might be the funnier one debatably, because you're just like pounding a mouth like a disembodied mouth, regardless of which one's on there we decided on the [ __ ]. So we brought it home, we wrapped it up for him. We gave him the gift. He thought it was funny yada yada flash forward a month later, we're all drunk drinking. So it was three of us that pitched in for the flash, the fleshlight one of my friends admitted while he was drunk that he [ __ ] the fleshlight before giving it to him what I swear to god. He test drove the fleshlight before giving it to him how the how about that [ __ ] and he like washed it out, put it back in the package crazy. I can't do that. I know, but it happened. The eskimo brother, that's nasty, I've. I have kind of a similar story to that. Um, my buddy bought one and he used it a couple times and he thought he could sell it. He did some kid at our high school bought it a used, [ __, ], fleshlight bro. This isn't a car or a bike. You can't sell a used flashlight. Did he clean it? At least he just put it under water. He just put it underwater. I mean. Can you even watch this stuff properly, like I better than with water, yeah you'll get in there with some soap and a brush like you clean up a baby bottle yeah, just like it well, this was not that thorough I'll tell you that. Did he sell it marked down or was it like like? How was the deal for him? Do you remember he sold it for half price, half price wow, that's disgusting. Did the guy know it was used yeah he did and he didn't give a [ __ ], okay, so at least he knew what he was getting. Damn kids are so horny they'll do that's disgusting. They are they really are you have any other? I I I I remember a story. It's not really sexual, but it's disgusting when I was in middle school uh. Two of my f, I won't say friends but acquaintances were beefing. They didn't like each other, so he get one. The one friend has a half drinking bottle of coke and he decides to go in the bathroom and piss in it. Why and then he gives that bottle to the other guy he's beefing with oh and you know, what's funny about kids, he goes hey, you want this coke bottle and the other kid's like yeah. Sure, thanks like just out of nowhere for no reason hey, you want this coke bottle, yeah he's like yeah. Of course I want coke and then he he drinks it gross and he spits it out. He says it. Tastes like piss go to the hospital or the hospital go to the principal the police get involved, and it was this whole crazy thing where the police were interrogating us and uh. It was this whole crazy thing to be honest with you, but the moral. The story really is that um you had some bad influence around you. This is like this wasn't a daily occurrence. These are the story that pops out, but the the moral of the story really is that um kids are [, __, ], stupid and disgusting yeah right. You don't have any stories like that: girls putting used tampons and stuff. Oh, that sounds like guys stories. I don't know yeah. No me girl, [, __ ]. No honestly, I have like almost zero memories from anything I feel like. I have real memories. I feel like it's all been blocked. Yeah. It could be the medicine I slip in uh. I give you, I give you amnesia medicine, so you don't leave me. It could be that that might explain a couple of things um. So I'm a stock liberal we got belt. You know I just watched watchmen, you finished oh right, yeah and I love it, and you just reminded me that I wish that I could take those memory appeals. Maybe you forget for a reason. Yeah, probably I don't want to relive those horrible, I'm so glad I'm not in high school yeah. I'm glad I'm not like in puberty, and all that I mean that sucks. I hated all that so probably probably chose not to remember. Well they they say the brain has perfect memory, but that forgetting things is a survival tactic, so that you can, you know, move past trauma and mature and grow and um, and that that it's that it's a critical for for our well-being to forget things. So maybe you're just more evolved highly doubt it. You know what I've been trying to do recently. Is I've been trying to get lots of sleep recently as in the past two days, but I feel like I just I walk around and I feel so bad all the time. I don't understand why, and you know I feel, like I'm super sleep deprived, and so why are you shaking your head and so what I've been trying to do is go to bed earlier and make sure I'm getting eight hours of sleep every night, and I woke up this morning feeling good now ela go ahead and tell me why you're disappointed in me, because I don't know you wake up at like 11 to 1, sometimes yeah. I agree, but not lately, so just hearing that you think that you're sleep deprived it's just a little bit of it. Well because I'm up to like five so just start there don't be up till five. That's what I'm that's! What I'm saying! Why are you trying to that's what I'm saying geez? Let me have a w for once yeah I went to bed last night at like 12.. Really I mean the same time as you was in bed same time as you, okay, yeah, cool cool, because you slept until 11, 00. yeah, I'm catching up. Okay, okay, but do you get sleepy? Also, are you talking to yourself zack, that's a strange sound bite to have it was strangely appropriate though it was anthony. Can I bring something up? Yes, I can't just not talk about the fact that you have a mustache all of a sudden, oh yeah. We can, I mean that'd, be weird to just not address it right. Well, I've had this. We had an episode with idubbbz yeah complimented his mustache and then we come back two days later and you have a mustache. Well, it wasn't. I, I don't think it was directly related, although the timing is suspicious. So who knows, but I have had. I have had this. This look before yeah and I saw pictures of myself back then, and I thought it looked pretty good. My beard was getting long, so I was shaving last night before the show, and I just decided to leave this part and I thought hey. You know what let's leave the mustache, but it's different I feel like. Then. If you shave all this and just leave the mustache, I don't think I could pull that off. I think you need all this to kind of blur what's going on here and it kind of works as a full picture and does it work, though, because it feels almost like undecisive uh. Yes, it does work. Okay, thank you for asking. No, I like it. I think it's cool, because it's like I like that, it's undecisive, okay, I like it and I got the uh escobar kind of like yeah like like, like craig escobar, craig. Oh, who is craig the brother. Is that the only one on the phone his uncle or something, but his name is actually craig. No I'm just saying that's the vibe, I'm just making yeah you guys are dumping on me. I get it so what's the process, how did you trim it? Did you just use like a bigger guard sides and I have a beard trimmer and then basically I just I cut everything, but I do like a five here. I do like a four down here. I bring the guard on the neckline and then here I just cleaned up. I just cleaned it up a little bit. I didn't really cut it at all. You know, I think it looks dope. I think you see zach, you know I should be married to zach. We might have to throw up a twitter poll this weekend, mustache ethan, oh, you could throw it up. I'm not saying that. I don't like it. So I'm not like to quote you directly, you said: does it work, though? I'm just wondering if it's a look like? Can this be a look, the mustache? I think it is a lot and beard like halfway, because it almost feels like make up your mind, cool right, yeah. I think it's cool, I'm not saying that. I don't like it. I think it is a look and if it's not one, it will be one. I like it. What do you think ian uh, I'm pro I'm pro mustache bro mustache yeah, but what about like the the stubble stash? Think that's yeah! You got to do this double stash because I don't want a bare face. I mean that's a nightmare yeah. I kind of agree with you. I preferred this over the traditional yeah yeah ela's, disgusted by me. When I shave not by you, I don't like in general, I shave those he goes really. I walk out with a clean, [, __ ] and face she goes. Do you really expect me to look at you like that? Not true, disgusted by me um, you know what I found out an open book. Maybe it's too open, sometimes uh. You know what we were looking. I don't know what was the genesis for this, but what was the genesis for this? We have everybody's high school yearbook photo the whole gangs. I don't know where it came from. Oh, I think it was just I we started with. I showed dan. My yearbook photo. I forgot about it and somebody from the subreddit went to my high school and I guess they have like an archive of everyone that went there and they posted a photo. This is my high school graduation senior picture, pokemon pokemon shirt because everyone else was in a suit. You know and they not have a like requirement. No, they don't know it's just. I guess you know everyone wants to look nice because it's their senior picture, but I I they look so lame because you're like in puberty, your body's weird, you don't fill in a suit nicely and these are not like tailored suits. These are like rented suits that don't even fit you well. I think this was a really smart choice and ahead of its time. Thank you. Thank you very much for saying that iconic yeah I did. I knew I didn't want to wear a suit because it's just you look like such a phony lame-o. It's like dude. You know, I'm gonna, you know come on, stop fronting. Did your parents give you [ __ ] for not wearing the suit um? Actually, not they don't care. I don't think they. Even my parents were so uninvolved in my life. I don't even think they knew that it was taking place because I had to go somewhere specifically, it wasn't on campus to get the photo. So I was just like hey we're doing photos. You know I need to check whatever they didn't even know that that's this was what it was. So I think my mom just saw the yearbook. It was like oh ethan, something like that, and that was it. My parents were very uninvolved in my uh. My mom jokingly calls me a feral child. I'm like funny to you. I was the loveless child that nobody cared about. She goes my sister goes. Oh, they were so hands off with you. They allowed you to do anything. I was like yeah, they didn't [ __ ] care about me. They didn't do [ __ ]. Maybe it's for the best yeah it is for the best. Anyway. Here's ela, who looks exactly the same um was this uh. This was your senior year, I guess so high school. I guess so you pretty much no idea, but I think that is it. I asked my mom. It almost became a fight just trying to get her to get a picture she's. The first picture she said was all blurred or it was super far away. She took a picture of the whole page I was like. Can you? Could she not get a closer photo and it's like moms? Do this thing where they just talk and you keep asking and they just ignore, and they just keep talking right and I kept asking like: did you tap to get it to focus on right? I had to ask it like five times in a row: it's really exhausting yeah mom's mom brain um, but she got it. So I look fuller in the face, but um I don't know what happened. You look hot dude. You look [ __, ] good as [ __ ]. My hair is the same. I mean you, look, no, no yeah. You look very similar, that's kind of how I remember you back when I first met you, because when I first met you, you were 19. yeah. We were young kids when we first met, but you didn't look like your yearbook picture. So, oh, I guess, because you were older right well that you were like photo of my name. I was 18. yeah. You were 21. and when I met you, I must have been yeah 21 exactly so three years difference college you've been yeah, I went through, I was through dan. Did you look like straight out of uh freaking, cakes, bro totally. You know what I mean totally such a sweet kid. The outfit is pretty crazy yeah. I think I picked all that up at a at a thrift shop like a couple days before the shoot, because is this corduroy yeah it was quarter wow, yeah, epic, that's! Actually I kept that I kept that jacket for a while, because I thought it was pretty cool. Do you fit into it still? No, I doubt it yeah! No way. Actually you look nice. You look sweet yeah, you look like a sweet kid. Stylish young zach looks exactly literally the same. This was not like a month ago yesterday, yeah no, but seriously. How long ago was this photo? Zach I've been out of high school four years. Oh it's four years old yeah. I guess you've aged gracefully. Well, thank you. Ian's is my favorite. Here we go bring on the jokes here we go. This is the [ __ ] best. I don't want to say anything, but god damn so ian. How long ago was this photo uh? That was eight years ago? Oh, the hair is very smosh yeah, it's very uh. I picked up a skunk, roadkill and duct taped it to my forehead. As your hair dyed. You dyed your hair black right, uh yeah. There was a phase, that's awesome, but you look so sweet and nice were you emo at this period? Is this an emo phase? It was kind of like a rebrand, because I I just I just got my braces off and I ordered some contacts and then I was like mom we're dying the hair today. This is a new ian. That's crazy! I was never really my parents actually. Never let me do anything like if I wanted to color my hair or do anything they didn't. Allow me to lie insane. Did they think? Because they're provocative or something I don't even know, yeah, probably I don't know because you're psychological, your dad was like a tyrant, also very conservative, so it's almost like. So this is just making me think, like. I wonder what I would have done with my hair, but um I wasn't allowed to you want to do something with your hair. Now you're ceo! Now you do whatever you want purple, I don't like purple, hair green. I don't like no red. I only like gray gray dye, your hair white that'd. Be so weird. Don't do that? Don't worry! You got plenty of time. You want to try the the swoopy bowl cut. I don't know how you would even achieve that yeah. How did you get a fishbowl, hair or helmet hair? Ah that'd be a question for my mom. Oh your mom's, not a hairdryer, so she would do it yeah. You got the biebs look going on dude right. It's the biebs! Look, that's what it is! Yeah that was very in at the time. That's everyone it was. Did you get chicks back then, with this look dude in high school, you clean up move on clap those cheeks just like jimmy lee huh. Oh, that was a sound bite, see I'm getting messed with wait. Were you saying move on or they used to clean up high school? I wasn't that successful. No, you were, I didn't well to be uh. To I mean I didn't lose my virginity until I was in college. So until I was 19. not to heal that was yeah. We didn't have sex for a while until actually when we met so like blew your mind. Actually we met when we were 21. I don't think we had sex until like many years later, when you came to stay with me during that summer, um, it's not many years several years right. I think it's one, oh really because it felt like a longer many years. This is awesome, though elo. My folks were the same way I couldn't do like I had to be yeah yeah, like I didn't, grow my hair graduated high school. That's why I look the same so boring. I love this stuff. I love these pictures man anyway, let's move on everybody looks beautiful everyone's beautiful. We should uh. Do our break we're over okay. Let's do a uh ad break, guys we'll be right back when we come back jake paul. You know! That's the mayor of l.a uh, chastised, jake paul. He moved to calabasas in shame. Now the mayor of calabasas is shaming, jake paul for throwing parties during covid, with no social, distancing or masks find out all about it. When we come back from this commercial break ring is a product that I recommend without reservation to anybody on this planet. You know this time of year we're coming up on the holidays kind of, but we're all at home. We're ordering lots of stuff people are stealing packages right off the porch ring lets you see what actually happened. That's just one reason of a billion I'm talking about home security, I'm talking about a two-way camera that tells you when there's motion on your phone anywhere in the world. I'm talking about the technology to talk to them and say: hey dude, get off my porch that video gets recorded and beamed up to the cloud. So, even if some slick wet bandits, that's a home alone thing right, the wet bandits, I don't know yeah. That was what they called themselves because they flood- I don't know they flooded the house anyway, if some slick wet bandits come and try to clip your power, guess what the video is already beamed up to the cloud where our consciousness will soon follow. Uh, I recommend ring. I mean it's: it's the best product in the market for home security at our house. We had like six of them, it's literally a ring of security, and I slept so peacefully knowing that nobody could creep up to our house and if anything did happen, I would have a recording on of it in the morning on the internet like seriously it's just. I can't recommend it enough. They've got the video doorbell that lets you answer the door and check in on your home at any time, keep an eye on your doorstep or speak to delivery people. When you can't come to the door, they've got outdoor security cameras, so you can check in on every part of your house and never miss a moment. Smart lighting, brightens up blind spots to make sure you always come home to a brightly lit house full home security systems. Give you everything you need to protect your family, your pets, your property, and they also have a community the ring community on the app. It's got. Everybody in your neighborhood who has it, which is a lot sharing notes talking about things that happen. I found it to be really actually really interesting and useful. I spent a lot of time browsing that we have a special offer for our audience. Get a special uh ring welcome kit. When you go to ring.com h3, the welcome kit includes the ring video doorbell, 3 and chime pro. It's all. You need to start building custom security for your home today, so just go to ring.com h3, that's ring.com, slash h3, oh 2001, space, odyssey technology. We as human beings have advanced and advanced times the day of coin purses. So why is it we're still walking around with wallets from the 1920s when the future is here and we need to be using ridge wallet? Ridge wallet is the only wallet you will need to buy for the rest of your life. It's powerful, it's structural, it will never be damaged and it's so slick, it's so modern that it's just perfectly designed to fit in your put for in your front pocket without causing any harm. First of all coins. We don't need coins, let's face it, a quarter. What really is a quarter worth this day and age coins are out. All you need is a slot for the bills right here and a slot for credit cards that slide right in here easily. Now I use a ridge myself, but ela doesn't allow me to bring it to show you guys, because I always bring it out and show my credit card numbers on accident. I can't be helped, so I'm not showing you the one that I use because either forbids it, but you can show how the card would go in. I guess yeah the card would just they just pop in they pop out you could. You could fit a bunch of cars in here and it's just so seamless, it's beautiful, um, the ridge wallet it holds up to 12 cards, plus room for cash there's over 30, colors and styles, including carbon, fiber and bur. Titanium. Look at these beautiful walls, pretty slick, pretty beautiful. I really like the uh, the burnt titanium. Actually, each wallet is made with rfid blocking technology that protects you from digital pit puckers. Oh, that's, so cool. Another reason why it's so hardcore you know what they do. They like people have like scanners in their pockets and they can stand next to you and scan your card. I don't know because a lot of people have like that chip that sends like a little wi-fi that you slide, and so this actually protects against digital pip pockets. Um. If it wasn't enough to win you over yet check out their 30 000 5 star reviews boom, everybody loves the ridge wallet. The durable material means each wallet comes with a lifetime warranty. You could buy this one wallet and carry it for life. The ridge team is so confident that you'll, like it they'll, let you try it for 45 days. You can send it back for a full refund. If you don't love it wow, that's pretty incredible and today get 10 off with free, worldwide shipping and returns by going to ridge.com, h3 and use code h3. When you check out the ridge wallet, give it a shot, I mean you got 45 days to try it and see. If you like it, give a kiss. We love you ridge, welcome back as promised. Now we will discuss jake paul. Are you ready, ela, so ready, so it where, where logan paul, I have to say, seems to have matured a bit since filming a corpse in the forest uh jake paul has has only receded almost yeah they're, almost like going in the opposite directions. Now completely I mean this. Should this story is really something jake paul moved to calabasas he's got this big house there and well here's the clip they got the mayor and the city super upset. This just happened. Oh, is this going to get us planned, shows a scene that will have local health officials pounding their heads against the wall. Look at this show young people crowded together at youtube personality, jake, paul's, calabasas mansion on saturday, partying away in the middle of a panda. This is awful as our neighbor hanging out no math. No, no all the neighbors are like wow outside and outside day and night, and two days after this, we went right back into stricter lockdowns. Yet again as gatherings like this spread of the virus. According to officials, you think whoever's operating that crane is, has a proper license. Calabasas mayor alicia says she got a barrage of phone calls from angry residents and she shares in their frustration they're having this large party, but to show it with no social distancing, no mask it's just a big huge disregard for everything that everybody's trying to do to get things back to functioning. It's really just a part, is being the mayor of calabasas like just being the hoa president. It's like just such a small little town outside l.a, acting like covid, does not exist. It's acting that businesses aren't closed not far from the mansion. This row of calabasas small businesses are now shut down again. That includes a hair salon, a nail salon and several others. The mayor says they pay the price for behavior like this. Our businesses are not going to be able to reopen. Our children are not going to be able to go back to school and we all have to do our part. As a result of this party mayor weintraub says she got [ __ ] up. She saw that there will now go back upstairs not going to be able to go back to school and they have literal helicopters peeping on his house, there's a giant panda on his roof jesus dude. How immature can this guy be? I'm just thinking mayor weintraub says she got into like the only person um I can. Think of that would think this is cool. Is theodore? Theodore loves tractors. That's like his dream. I was like. Why are you? Why are you insulting our poor son he's one year older? He would love this party yeah, he loves tractors. We should get a tractor at his next birthday party um sheriff's station, and there will now be a zero tolerance policy on house parties. No more warnings straight enforcement. No gatherings will be tolerated like this. Something like this will not happen again. Your message to jake paul jake paul has actually done a lot of really good things in our community before with the youth, and I just hope that he can continue to have different actions and show that everyone should be wearing a mask and social distancing and not throwing parties. Jesus gonna kill someone with that crane bro, so jake paul single-handedly changed the policy straight enforcement brah, but it gets better um. Let's see here is a bunch of videos. Let's, let's show some perspective from the neighbors. Oh, this is in the party, so my favorite part about this is there's another youtuber tanner fox, okay, tanner fox was at that party and he was filming videos with all of jake and his crew without masks without social distancing. Now, a few days after that party tanner fox calls jake paul to tell him he has kovid and he films him candidly, which is pretty epic. I don't know why he did it like this, but I enjoyed it. You know these guys are they're like hey content. First bro I mean this is amazing and jake doesn't give a [ __ ]. I love how this guy turns in him having coveted into content, he's just calling everybody and recording their reaction like bro mm-hmm, like just what the [ __ ] hello, hello, yo nice to meet you. Where is this yo man? Hey jake, hello, hey bro um, so I have some. I have some bad news, oh man, so we filmed a video about two days ago, and this morning I woke up and I felt a little bit off. So I went and got a kobe 19 test and it actually came back positive, you're tripping, I'm really not lying demon, nah you're tripping that couldn't be. It couldn't be possible that any of us have covered we've been totally safe, I'm being honest bro. So I know I was around you and your in your team and again I I just started showing very small symptoms of it today, but I wanted to call you and I had to let you know I really just got tested for it. You just got tested. Did you get your results back? No, so just to tell you guys if he got so if you're around someone who's positive you're supposed to quarantine for two weeks, because if you get tested right afterwards, it may not show you because if let's say that tanf box infected jake paul and he got tested the same day or the next day, it's useless uh yeah. I I don't know what to tell you, I'm joking, I'm really not joking right now, man, I swear. I swear to god. I am, however, filming this without telling you are you. Are you worried about it? Not really? Okay. Well, that's good, but I had to call you and just let you know um. I just started showing symptoms of it today, so I don't know how how long it's been contagious but um, I I just I'm glad you guys. All got tested, then already it's crazy. How, like you literally called as I closed the door on the doctor too, you literally just took a test yeah like five minutes ago. Oh, my god, okay! Well, when you guys get your test results back, let me know all right. So jake paul goes not really. I don't care and then you know what's interesting. So so this guy was like hey I'm positive. I was at your party, I've been with you and then jake paul. If you go to his channel he's still living his life like like he's still out and about um, which is obviously concerning, I mean that party could potentially spread it to so many super spreading event. They call it yeah um. He posted a video one day ago, he's like yo he's like hey bro. I have covid they're like all right cool. Well, we're gonna head down to the beach and interview people. Hey. Can you put down your mask for this by the way that's cool? I can breathe crazy right now that he knows he was in contact with someone who's positive he's supposed to quarantine. For two weeks this is work. This is so much worse than filming a dead body. This is maybe the worst thing he's done, because his actions could actually kill yeah yeah. It's awesome how much of a [ __ ] he is like. I mean this is crazy. Look what is so hard for people to understand that it's not yeah he's like hey lady he's like hey breathing in their face heavy like if you're not being safe. It doesn't show that you're more manly or anything like that or more courageous or I don't know what it just shows that you don't care for other people, and potentially I mean your actions, could end up with someone dying, of course, not direct. That's the thing to understand: it's like no you're you're, not gonna, like you're gonna, get all your friends sick and then one of their grandmas is gonna. Get sick or their parents are gonna. You can get it and have no symptoms, but that's fine, but while you do that, you're gonna give it to 20. Other people he's going to kill this porn starbuilder by the way, so he's hanging out with a porn star and they obviously have sex for a living. So that's not going to be good for her career. I think, unless they put not good for anything unless they [ __ ] through a hole in the wall like the government suggested ethan, stop stop touching your micron people doing wholesome things by the way. The new thing on youtube is just get a porn star in your video uh. That's something the paul brothers are both doing. Uh logan got um. What's the name of that girl very famous porn star? What's her name, lana rhodes? What's her name, lana rhodes, yeah, and then he got you got this girl? What's her name, emily willis, so there you go and of course, tana sex tape. Jake is pretty much just producing soft core pornography at this point, so there you have it that that to me is probably the worst thing he's ever done. Mm-Hmm I mean this is so [ __ ] up, but the the cream on top is the guy calling him and saying I'm covered positive and he's like it's chill. I don't care, we don't care. His friend screams love it. What is that mentality? Yeah? It's pretty wild! Oh there's, another youtuber called pretty boy fredo. I don't know who this guy is, but he had a fan meet up in new york city during covid. This was just recently when was this posted? Let's see this was from july 19th, so only a few days ago. What are they doing? Why do you have to do this now in new york? I'm surprised the mayor of a lot of this isn't even allowed. So here's here's pretty boy fredo in new york, city july 19th. Is this not illegal and they're all screaming and jumping damn people are hyped about pretty boy. Fredo, though, do any of you guys know anything about this. Guy [, __ ] told me whoa all right pause it. If you want to hear what they say, I don't I mean he's just screaming. No, the guys yeah does anyone know anything about pretty boy fredo, nothing, nada! It says it's a oh, no dude he's doing a coven 19. This is dude, he's doing a he's doing a fundraiser for coven19. On this video. We turned off comments too. I noticed bro, you know how you can help not do this. Video wait is twitter private too, because I think he got a lot of heat, so he probably turned this on. Only after you got a lot of [ __ ], wonderful, someone else's uh doesn't have many dislikes, though yeah the did. The like ratio is really good interesting. I bet you. This is someone else's campaign. Well, yeah, probably what a good guy doing uh, what a good guy he's doing a charity for covid19? Well, even the video, it does say: ssh, charity, basketball event or something bro. What the [ __ ], couldn't you figure out a way to raise money for kova that doesn't include whatever this is? Oh, we got music. Here's a video from from the outside. Let's see what this is. Oh, my god, look at these people, so many people like, statistically speaking, I would assume that at least a couple of people will die as a result of this I mean that's crazy. You know what I mean right same with jake's party like st just just from probability. I think they indirectly are killing people, it's so wild, damn so wild. I just I really don't understand, what's so hard to understand, you're, not just showing that you're a macho by not caring and oh, I don't care. If I get sick, I can't handle it. It's not about that yeah I mean we understand, but they don't, but what's so hard to understand, that's what I that's. What drives me crazy? It's so simple. I think for young people like that, it's cool to not care about anything apathy is like taken over apathy, is the like. Caring about stuff is uncool anything that's kind of like the counterculture with with people his age. I find that on youtube too, like if you care about anything, uh, you're sticking your neck out apathy is the only cool way to go through the world, um crazy huh. I don't know why he's not getting more [ __ ] for this, because this is actually the worst thing he's ever done in his career. In my opinion, I mean logan paul, could film a dozen dead bodies and it wouldn't be as bad as this. He could go dig up corpses out of the grave and film it and it wouldn't be as bad as this. You want to see something weird I've been noticing on instagram. This is phenomenon where you cut. They cut the woman's hair with a butcher knife on a cutting board. They just go medieval on her hair and at first you're like this looks really interesting um, because I think we've all wondered hey. What's the deal with all the cutting and [ __ ], just do a straight cut and be done with it. But what's funny is when they stand up. It always looks like really like dog [ __ ] like here. We got music. That already doesn't look perfect, but so then they somehow they think that whatever that is they're doing yeah he's mincing he's like a chef he's like I'm, not a barber. Look at this, it looks [ __, ], good. It looks crazy yeah. Is that supposed to be it or does it then go? No! That's it that's it. So I have a bunch of these, but her hair looks dog, [, __, ] yeah, so here, let's there's a bunch of them. This one's got music too dan warning yeah. So here we go you're done this is I love that that makes it all better, just chopping the end up, it's not straight at all. No, it looks horrible, I mean I don't get it. It's super uneven yeah! Maybe it's a meme! I mean it seems like serious people are doing it and getting it done. They all look like the it's somewhere in asia right! Oh! What is this? What in god's name am I watching? Is that a joke about it? What an axe, it's so close to her head and there's wood flying everywhere? This looks like a murderer: russian stylist. This is real. Look how scared she is whoa. This is for real, just use scissors at this point yo. This is like caveman, [, __ ], oh he's in a parlor. Look is this not a parody, no they're in a they're in a salon who found this one bro you're cutting her bangs with that axe. That looks like a parody dude get that axe away from my head. They call this through the siberian sweeney todd well to be more spray. Her hair looks better than the other people's, but I'm he did put a little bit more effort into that. I find this terrifying. Like there's wood flying everywhere, like bro look, it looks like he's killing her there's wood. That is way too close to her head, no she's so aggressive about it. Why does he lift it so much? Oh, she looks scared. This is not right. This is so dumb. You could definitely use a scissor in that case, that looks painful wow that I didn't expect at all. I don't like crap, I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't I do. I do not like that for sure. Oh, is this a different guy there's another dude with the axe and hammer. This is cutting hair with an ax and a hammer. Wait what he's? What oh [, __ ] he's like going down to the scalp with an ax and a hammer, this guy is way too calm for this. That is crazy, see in this case. I feel like the tools that we have are sufficient. The advancements we've made in hair cutting technology is sufficient. That's a nice spray, though I haven't seen the green look decent. That was a really good looking fade. Wow. That is shocking. I didn't know you could cut hair with an acid, really sharp. That's a really good looking fade. I have to agree careful not to cut off the ear. I know whoops and I oop what was that from, and I oop oh dr phil, dr phil. Oh no and I oop I I do like it. I do like the fame I like it. Is it worth losing an ear for it was a nice fade, not gonna lie so with covet. 19 sports are coming back. People are trying to figure out how to do this and there's a lot of excitement. Baseball, for example, mlb. They have replaced the crowd with cardboard cutouts and they have fans booing and cheering to influence the stadium. Look at these cardboard, cutouts, dantila, they're, filling the whole stadium with these. Oh, this guy's got a dog. I feel like it's more distracting. Doesn't it they're raising money? They sell it it's kind of a nice way to for the people to be engaged with it. It's kind of it's not a bad idea, not a bad idea. I can't help it like. It looks so weird I just I just had a friend of a friend his aunt passed away, who was a big dodger fan and they put a cardboard cut out of her to like honor her. So I thought that was like a nice thing to do. You can get a cardboard cutout for 300 bucks wow. Actually the price varies by location, uh, the dugout pavilion is 300, that's the premium ship field, level or loge is only 150.. Excuse me a field level or what loge? No that's pronounced. Oh geez, right, yeah dan, what the [, __ ] really load. Yeah. It's lit, load, yeah! Oh, it stands correct. I thought it was lodge and yeah you tried to come at me. You better. You come for the gig, you better aim high, I'm sorry, there's a precedent of you yeah. Well, maybe the president just got broke. Maybe now the president is on your hands. Okay, it's the loge, I'm sorry yeah the load, the load I don't know are we gonna do the pronunciation game. If someone makes it I'll play it? Okay, I can't make it because then your game's ruined you know it'd be funny. If we had call-ins and people could compete and then they can win a prize, we should do that. The loge is 150 the oh. You can get your dog for 150., so we were thinking. Maybe you guys have ideas. We wanted we're. Thinking of funny cardboards to submit like o.j, simpson or affiliate goes through an approval system, so they won't probably approve yeah. I was looking at the terms and conditions last night and they they have a line about um infringement on people's uh copyright or image. So I think you know okay, celebrity. Let me ask you a question: if oj wanted to buy himself a cutout, would he be able to that's a good question? They're like nah oj he's a private citizen yeah, but but maybe they're like? Ah, we don't want you o.j, but if you guys have I mean the world is yours, this is yours truly uh. If you guys have ideas, I think we could slip some stuff past the sensors, though didn't you have a good idea. What was yours I wanted to do. Ben affleck from the back. Oh yeah, that's hilarious. I feel like they did filter that one though, unfortunately we could try. That's so funny. Maybe it's a ben affleck wearing a shirt of his back. You know, but if you guys have good ideas, email to us at podcasts at https.com, I want to start buying cutouts and seeing if we could get on screen. Here's the uh whoops, here's the guidelines. You tell me what you think they show you the do's and the don'ts right here, um. Oh, so you can get like pretty much the whole upper body from waist up. That's pretty epic yeah! Definitely a lot of maybe ian's high school picture just could buy like 100 of them. We don't need to subject the baseball fans. I think that's cute, that you can get your pup in yeah. That is really here's a clip. There was a dodger game a few nights ago and you can see the uh cutouts and hear the cheering uh. Can you can you give me some sound turns on it lifts it down the line to the right back towards you. So these I guess they haven't sold these, but you can see the cut outs, so those are all fake sounds and I gotta say it sounds pretty good and so weird to a level of comfort where the lights turn on another team. They are doing. I can't decide if it's better than silence, I think silence would be so awkward so behind home plate. They have a bunch of cutouts. Where are they they're, apparently not selling a lot of these because that's an empty ass stadium, where's the cutouts? Well, I I don't know, I'm not sure it's a timeline. This might have been before no no they're there. Oh you're right, I just saw it yeah yeah, there's plenty of inventory available. Well, I looked you see right there yeah these are all cut out. That's all they've sold they've only sold like 100.. Well, I looked and um the the two sections directly behind home plate and then all of the sections behind the two, the dugouts, those are all sold out already, unfortunately yeah, so we gotta try to get some good real estate. I think without audio would be just super awkward, but you know what I don't know everyone's trying their best in these. In these weird times yeah I was watching the game last night. It was super awkward, oh because the cheers were super low. You could barely hear them and the national anthem was kind of weird. Did they do fake booing like right? Now they only have cheering would be so cruel yeah. It's just bizarre. It's an interesting thing though like so it's only cheering because the players will get pissed, because you know it's just some dude pushing a button and having the whole stadium boo your ass. Now the nba is actually really interesting. What they have gone all out to protect nba players and the and the uh the season, so basketball is attempting to restart july 30th and they've created an entire covid free zone at walt disney world called the bubble. The entire nba team and all of its associates is locked in this bubble. This quarantine zone for three months press will live in a separate hotel, they're not allowed near the player's bubble. Anyone entering the bubble is required to quarantine for up to 48 hours until they register two negative covid tests. Any player who leaves the bubble will undergo quarantine of up to 10 days upon their return, and they will need to register two negative tests. There is more than a thousand people in the bubble, currently players, coaches executives, medical staff, media partners and they're using tens of thousands of tests, if not hundreds of thousands of tests over the course, the next three months wow to get this done. The restrictions of the quarantine situation are a major issue for many players, they're being isolated from their families, but they have like barbers manicurists they've got lounges dj sets movie screens all this kinds of [ __ ] inside the bubble, um they're all wearing these titanium rings inside the bubble. Look at this [ __ ] that if you stand within six feet of somebody for more than five seconds it vibrates, oh, they don't want you to stay near each other, no huh, they're, so hardcore inside this bubble, that's um! So everybody on the side of the bubble has to wear this ring. I like how seriously it's making it yeah and they say it measures, temperature pulse respiratory rate and other physiological data that could theoretically be helpful for detecting. If somebody has covid19 before they even exhibit symptoms. That's crazy players will also have the option to wear a proximity alarm that will notify player if he spends more than five seconds within six feet of another person wearing the ring. I wonder what uh jake paul would think about all this he's, like I don't care he's like it's chill still he's like my house is, is a bubble of uh, coveted apathy. We don't ask, we don't tell rings remind me of uh. Is this the sci-fi movie, where everybody's got the crystal in their hand, that vibrates when they're, when their time's up the logan's run? It reminds me of what was that video we made? Well, I am no. No! No! We made about the the ring the o-ring, oh yeah. Was it the o-ring um speaking of the a-ring, I honestly don't remember it speaking of the nba. So a lot of players want to get involved with the black lives matter and all these social issues. So the nba released an approved list of slogans they can use on their jersey or that they can say so. Here's a list of approved these are the only ones they're allowed to say. Okay, black lives matter, that's what's going on, say their names, you can't say their names, you can only say say their names. That's funny vote. You can say vote. I can't breathe justice, peace, equality, freedom, enough power to the people. Justice now say her name, uh, there's a little spanish. Yes, we can little spanish lesson for you. Guys liberation, see us hear us respect us, love us, listen, listen to us, stand up, ally anti-racist. I am a man, I don't get what's what is? I am a man, so I think it's a anti-slavery thing really. Are we yeah? Because I saw I am a man and uh something that I was watching they were. They had footage of um when, when black people were um, you know fighting for their freedom. They had signs that I saw there. Oh one, like I saw a few people yeah holding a sign. That said, I am a man interesting. I guess it uh. I just googled it. I guess its origins are uh. You know it's very common for white people to talk down to black people and call them boy, and so it was sort of like I'm, not a boy. I'm a man, okay, good! I am a man speak up. How many more group economics? What the hell is that what that was! That's just that doesn't really roll off the tongue group up into economics, education, reform and what is the social justice message here? Mentor you gotta read between the lines. I love that they crunch the numbers and they're like okay. These are the ones okay yeah, so [, __, ] 12, didn't make it huh to make the cut [ __ ] 12.. What's 12., it's one of those. It's an anti-cop chant that people? Oh no! No! No! No! No! I'm surprised. White devil wasn't on those troops. Uh. I'm also surprised. Like you know, we need to sound bite. You now wasn't on there, white devil, death to america. Death to america should be on there for sure. Osama was right. You know jihad. Now wake up sheeple, the jews are in control. Holocaust never happened, oh zach. How could you say? That's not funny. We don't joke about that. The truth! Zach it happened. The numbers are just greatly exaggerated. Oh okay, parody parody. Oh this was horrible. Some players inside the bubble were posting pictures of their meals, and I just felt awful. I mean these are professional players. These guys need to eat, and these guys are all rich dudes I mean like food is probably one of their their prides and joys. So here is one of their meals. I mean that looks [ __, ] horrible one scoop of mashed potatoes. These guys burn, like these guys need like a lot of food. This is like school lunch, [, __, ], one scoop. This is prison food. I was kind of imagining like it gets worse utopia inside the bubble. This is just ruined my image of the bubble. Well, here. What does this? Do? Oh, oh, wait! This isn't one of those here's another yeah. Look at this one was even worse. Uh, troy daniels shares his first meal inside the bubble. Look at this. It's like every like airplane food, yeah! That's like there's no calories there. These guys are these guys need to eat like 5, 000 calories a day. These are professional athletes. How are you going to serve them this, like professional note with it with the logo? This is embarrassing. This is how it came right. This is what was inside yeah, that's the worst. I mean that is a travesty. You better get some better food in that bubble, quick yeah, so one player. Actually here I'll read you the statement. He ordered food because it was such a nightmare. He ordered ubereats and they when they found out, they made them quarantined for 10 days. How are they supposed to eat? He says after the initial quarantine period I briefly and accidentally crossed the nba campus line to pick up a food delivery, I'm currently in quarantine and have eight days left. I apologize for my action look forward to rejoining my team for a playoff push bro, you better, give them better food if you don't want them going out to uber eats man that sounds difficult um. This is what it's going to look like when they come back. I have to say they did a nice job. They just covered the there. You go yeah that looks really good the nba, I think they're. Really they got it together. Well, yeah they'll probably fix that they better [ __ ]. I mean I feel, like that's the easiest fix if they already got everything else like this sort of there's like plexiglas, they're, they're, really crushing it- I mean they are not risking anything. I have to give props like honestly. It may look like onerous like over the top, but you have to imagine that if one of these players gets it the level of contact, they have it's gonna, it's gonna swim through the league. Someone might die. I mean how awful, if even one of these players died, how what I mean what a tragedy would be, but also for the benefit of everyone. If they want to keep this sport going, it would shut down. If everybody started getting it, they would have to shut down. So this is actually allowing for all of them to continue yeah. It's pretty. It is pretty epic. I gotta give it up to the nba uh pretty cool. Meanwhile, the major league soccer league does not give a single [ __ ] they're, just doing it. They just said no audience, and everyone else is just all good they're. Not I guess they have no precautions going on, except there's no audience the crowd. I think they've got a kind of a pseudo bubble going on as well. Oh, they do yeah it's down in florida, which that's the same place. The nba is doing it right, oh because here in the document somebody said they just said: [ __ ] it that's the official note I have. I I think in regards to the um uh having fake audience, cheering oh for the fake cutouts, and this one has no fake cheering which, if you watch it again actually it doesn't seem like a big deal in this case. Actually, the interesting thing is that you can hear the players yeah, which is which is, and they could be pretty cool, actually to hear the players yeah. You can actually yeah um, it's like when people, edit, music, videos or or non-music videos, um tv shows when they edit out the canned laughs yeah, just they edit in like smacking. This is our life. Now yeah, you guys probably saw this huge twitter hack. That happened last week. So bizarre I've never seen anything like this. In my life, so many people got hacked and they were tweeting out a bitcoin address, elon musk, for example. This is kind of the gist of all of them. Happy wednesday, I'm giving back bitcoins to all my followers. I am doubling all payments sent to the bitcoin address below you send one bitcoin. I send two back only going on for 30 minutes. You know, I don't know who needs to hear this, but any time somebody asks you to send them money. So you can get more money back, you're being scammed, just use your [ __ ] brain people. Why would you need to send him money right? Why why people? Oh? That was another thing I didn't talk about with our giveaway, so many people were getting scammed and I I couldn't say it enough. I mean I would tweet every once in a while. Like hey, you know, don't send money like. Why would I ask you for money yeah, so they were getting this message like. I need you to send me five dollars so that I can yeah why? Why would I need you to do that? You know, but it's not their fault, they're desperate. They want the money they want to believe they want, and I mean these people are just sick, [, __ ] freaks to take advantage of that. But anyway, these guys hacked twitter and hijacked elon musk bill gates. What are these ones? What are we looking at? These are a bunch of uh bitcoin um, oh yeah. They all they all got hit too. Their message was a little different, but uh apple, jeff bezos. It was wild. We were watching in real time yeah. I just like kept crushing my feed and was seeing more and more joe biden mike bloomberg, bloomberg wiz khalifa barack obama. I think I said that mr beast got hit: floyd mayweather, uh, warren buffett, you know and then of course, tenacious x who passed away uh, who said smoking a fat okay, I don't know you got me on the loge one, but it is definitely not tenacious temptation. I mean I feel like it's a weird name. I feel like I'm reading. It correctly temptation temptation. That's better! That's closer! That's closer! Okay! Tentacion! I mean okay. So how does he say his name xxx tentace, tentacion, right yeah, so anyway he passed away. He was murdered or something recently smoking a fat blonde on my private island, giving out bitcoin to all my supporters. I mean these guys are [ __, ] crazy to do that kim, kardashian and finally idubbbz, which is unrelated well. That was so part of the uh twitter's response to all of this. Is they they locked all check, marked accounts, but you could still retweet and so idubbbz in 2017 had said if you're unverified, you are superior, so he retweeted himself to get that message back out there, because in that in that moment, if you were verified, you couldn't use twitter yeah, it was frustrating. I felt like that kid from the meme with his his veins bulging in his forehead, like I couldn't, do it yeah, so that was that was crazy, yeah and the the bitcoin account through. All of that I think they they actually, I mean they've made what like 120 000 uh, something like that yeah, because with bitcoin all the transactions are public, so you can see, but I think they were probably expecting to make more than that. You know like a major, felony and hacking scheme. I feel, like somebody's almost certainly going to go to jail for this over 120 000. I think they were expecting more money, so there's no leads right now. Um from what I heard, they suspect that somebody within the company helped facilitate this they'll. Definitely gonna find out who it was yeah, but as far as I understand it, there's no uh, definitive lead. Twitter said we are aware of a security incident impacting accounts on twitter and they're, taking steps to fix it. Jack dorsey, the ceo said we had a tough day at twitter. We all feel terrible. This happened, we're diagnosing and we'll share everything we can when we have more complete understanding of what exactly happened. Our team is working hard to make this right. They believe 36 of the 130 targeted accounts. The attackers were able to access dms dms. I wonder what like bill gates. Dms looks like you think he gets nudes in his dms bill gates. I don't get that vibe from him absolutely baby yeah. I bet you elon's got some wild dms. So that's that I thought it was pretty interesting that jeff bezos jeff bezos. You got some weird [, __ ], it's just. I find it interesting like that. Twitter has become such an official channel of communication. It really makes you raise your eyebrow like terrifying. I was waiting for donald trump to get to to spam out bitcoin and when you think about, like donald trump uses twitter as an official form of communication and when a hacker is able to hijack an official channel of communication of a leader of a world leader um, it makes you scratch your head and wonder if maybe we haven't created a monster. Oh it's definitely a monster. Twitter is all social media, but twitter especially, is like. I feel like it's taken over everyone, but it's you know it's it's! It's kind of messed up that we are putting so much into this. What what is an insecure mode of communication, essentially, is what it proved and- and I was I had some concern- you know what, if donald trump goes and tweets out like hey, the nukes are on the way at iran. You know what I mean um. Would it start a nuclear war? Probably not, but it's still weird to think that that that could happen. Yeah, yes, shredder! Can we help you? Can you guys see you can see shredder he's climbing yeah he's poking through better? What's up, you want to come, say: hi come here, sweetie, bye, sweetie, I'm such a good boy. You want to walk on the table. First hi dr disrespect has made a statement and done a bunch of interviews. We've been following this story. He was mysteriously banned off twitch. Nobody knows what happened um. He posted a comeback video. Let's watch that, oh yeah, what do you get here? Probably theodore? I don't know what dropped something good on him. I wonder if this music is copyrighted, but it's basically just him standing in a in a in a alley and some kind of dramatic uh. You know 80s music. I probably shouldn't play the music, but so there's really not much to see it's a song by him yeah, but you still never know nah yeah. I was just pointing that out yeah. That is interesting. So there you go um. He did a bunch of interviews like the wall street journal and this and that he's coming back. Did he already stream on youtube or is that just something he's planning? Do you guys know uh? Last last I heard he doesn't string. No so he's moving to youtube, but apparently it's not in partnership with youtube he's just streaming on youtube like anybody can do. There was one interesting excerpt from his interview. They asked him this specific question. I'll read it to you. They say one facet of this story. Is that and I'm sure you're aware of this, there are people coming forward and saying they know the reason you're banned. For example, slasher was on stream. Just yesterday saying he knows why you were banned, but he doesn't want to save because he fears it could make him target of a defamation lawsuit. What do you make of that? He said. Listen again, I'm not interested in engaging in any of this stuff or crazy speculation. I'll say it again. I have a great community of loyal fans and I'm totally focused on just getting back to the champions club and delivering great entertaining content. They said, okay, buddy, have you made any attempt to understand what he's talking about like if someone had dirt on me, even if I knew it was total [, __ ], I would at least want to know what they thought they knew have. You tried to contact him or any of the affiliated parties. He just said no, I mean he keeps letting he keeps letting on like. He doesn't know why, and I just don't believe that yeah me too, because if you really don't know you would be, you would be really loud about that. That's outrageous! You know like yeah, that's crazy! So that's it! I guess we don't really know anything more. I mean he did this whole. I mean it's kind of interesting. He did this whole kind of a puff piece with washington post without really saying or addressing anything about the ban. Um strange whole situation is just so bizarre. We're gonna find out eventually right, wouldn't that be the biggest like. That would be the biggest disappointment of all time. If nobody ever found out. Why can you imagine it has to be? It has to be yeah? I don't know so there you go doctor disrespect still shrouded in mystery up next we've got gamer girl, possibly the weirdest video game ever developed. Let's watch the trailer, hey everybody abba cake 69., oh my god, so you're a monitor. So this is basically it it's a simp simulator, where you're a moderator for this uh, twitter or twitch streamer and you're white knighting her as she gets stalked by creepy fans. Oh come on moderate. What do I do like moderators? What do I do become part of her life? Ah, like everyone fantasizes from moderator to become part of life, you know you're playing role-playing as the real creep. I'd be more worried about you. Why is it specifically a female gamer? I just don't get that part gamer girl, yeah, maybe yeah. I know what do you guys think you got that guys dude! This is the most pathetic I've ever heard again. What's it to you, boyfriend's angry she's streaming. What should I do? Choose the story? Wow, I'm sure some of them are being like god. I love her. What do you think about this game vin diesel? Look, how beautiful she is she is beautiful. Would you send for vin diesel right vin diesel would be a good moderator? Oh no. What is she doing? Someone is there. She got into some weird [, __ ]. How do you end up here? Oh dude, her moderators failed her man crazy right, crazy, simp simulator. How could anyone think that's a good idea? I don't know we I mean all of us immediately thought this must be a joke right when we first saw it yeah. I think everyone did, but it's actually going to be really good. I think we ought to play it. I'm done yeah, I'm not going to play it and um. You know what I was thinking is if the moderator who's, the simp you're playing, has ends up actually being the one to kill her in the end. Oh, what a twist I mean it kind of did seem like that right, I don't know, but why is it specifically a girl? What do you mean because that that's what it all is, you're you're, a female? All these you know who sims for guy streamers, no there's a lot. There is a whole environment about female twitch streamers for sure yeah, and I mean things like this have happened right I mean there. There's been female streamers that fan you know. Some fan gets obsessive and oh yeah, there's not where they live and shows up at their house and stuff. It's there's a kind of a basis in reality. Here, there's a one: streamer uh, sweet, anita right right. I know of her because she has tourette's like me and it's kind of uh anyway. That's how I know of her but she's, a popular streamer and she's got this stalker she's been he's been like threatening and [ __ ] and the police. Don't do anything and it's just somebody's tweets and video in the doc. Oh, you did anyway developers. It allows you to play as a chat moderator for a female streamer. You make decisions about the post in her chat, respond to dms from her and work to help her make and help her succeed. So she can fire you if you mess up. Apparently it's also up to you to protect her from a predator in the chat room who will attempt to hurt her in real life. That is so weird. I can't say it's not an original idea. I mean it's it's different. At least it's just weird to me that it's like come here, be the guy that is to save her yeah white knight, simulator yeah. Since its release, the trailer has been pulled from youtube after facing widespread backlash. They made a statement. They said game of girls, about the impact user comments and actions have on a streamer's mental health and well-being. The reason why uh we created the game was to raise the issue of toxic environments, which can often appear online behind the anonymity of a user without giving away too much. Gamergirl is an empowering story of a female streamer who, with the help of her moderator friends, battle the trolls and overcome the toxic characters in her stream, and also I've been donating tens of thousands of dollars to my favorite streamer and she doesn't pay attention to me. I really desperately want to be her moderator, or I will trick her into one of my sheds and murder. Her your choice assigned the developers, which is your own adventure, yeah uh yeah, so here, sweet anita, who I was discussing uh describes her encounter from with a stalker the stalker was caught and detained last night. He had a knife on him. After taking my screenshots recording a witness statement of the assault for me and a friend and having his confession to arrest me he's been released with a caution, so this guy keeps harassing her she's been showing like dms of him, threatening her. I mean it's horrible. I I feel so bad for her here's, a video of her discussing she's in the uk, so apparently yeah. So here she is, I am at a stalker. They have been stalking me for quite a few months actually um they've been coming to my house. They've been sleeping, pretty much in my backyard, watching the house- oh my god, sleeping in the backyard the other day, sir. Some shopkeepers had to intervene and kind of hold him back while he chased after me, um because he waited outside. My house followed me into a shop music waiting for me outside the shop and when I told him to leave me alone and asked if he had a knife, he didn't respond and when I said, are you gonna? Let me walk home alone. He said yes and then, when I went across the road he started chasing and two guys right out of the shop and grabbed him and then grabbed hold of the gate to um another area of of town, and I so I went through the gate and they held it closed so that he couldn't pass them and continue to follow me. It's not the worst thing he's done. He has actually physically assaulted me what yeah yeah, so the police apparently can't do anything. I don't know. I feel right, it's really horrible. So obviously this kind of thing does happen, but putting it in a video game format, I'm not quite sure what that's supposed to do. Um, but anyway, I do feel bad for her. I I don't know what what quite I can do, but um. I do look forward to playing gamer girl. Oh gamer girl. I wonder if you get to, I wonder if you get to like [ __ ], her game or girl, no, not like rape, but I mean, like you, you successfully white knighter and then she's like. I love you moderator, because that's the fantasy right vin diesel. Would you? What would you think? Would you be her moderator, she's, so [ __, ], beautiful yeah? Totally, that's why you want a mod for her. How am I supposed to sit over here when I'm looking at such beauty? Well, you are. You need to focus on your task. I know she is beautiful, but you do have a job to do god. I love her yeah. I know that's why we're all here, but you need to focus on moderating the chat. Otherwise, the stalkers are going to get through talk to me baby. Something tells me vin diesel taking very seriously yeah. That's what I was going to say too vin diesel. Are you taking this seriously he's out of control? We need to fire him. We need to fire him and finally, our final story is johnny depp. You know. Last last week we had a headline of the year. I believe it was something about um, uh, amy schumer's husband is not circumcised, right according to jake, according to jake gyllenhaal. Now here we have another headline, and you tell me if this tops aguila, johnny, depp and amber heard, accuse each other of peeing and pooping all over their house. I think it does. It does johnny depp and amber hurt are going through a really messy divorce, as many of you probably have heard is making big headlines. One of the stories is that amber hurd apparently used to take big steamy dumps in their bed according to him, and she just says no, he does well. They have the fact that they're both accusing each other one of them. Listen to that. I believe johnny depp in this case, because they have text messages to prove it here they go. The court heard arguments over whether depp was angry or amused when fifa sees were found in the couple's bed after a fight by the way as if it matters they're like listen, he was amused by the dump. So technically it doesn't. According to the daily mail, he wrote in a text message to a friend quote: my wife left a whopper poo on my bed and he dubbed her as amber as her as amber turd, instead of amber hurd amber turd papa liked that one did papa. Just laugh at that yeah like that, one that one, let's see johnny depp's libel trial against her has taken a turn for the scatological. Depp is suing over a 2008 headline that called him a wife beater and wasn't the court her arguments over hers. Testimony that depp attempted to spell her name in urine after a violent fight and depp alleged that her took a whopper poo in the couple's bed. Somebody tells me this was not a healthy uh relationship. It really sounded like did you say that uh that he's saying that she tried to spell something with her pee? No, he spelled something and pee, and then she took a dump in the bed, got it uh eli. If you took a dump in the bed, I would not appreciate that, no matter how bad our fight was yeah, I can't imagine coming to that like what what has to happen for the both of them to come. To that point, I don't know man. I've never been that angry in my life heard has alleged that during the fight depp slapped and shoved her leaving cuts and bruises estate manager, ben king testified, he saw cuts on herd's arms after their fight. King also testified he oversaw the cleanup of the home, a process that took more than 12 hours. He said he was quite sure that there was no urine in the home daily mail reports. I did not see any signs of urine and I did not smell it as I would have had someone urinate around the house if I would have smelled it. If someone urinated around the house that meanwhile has denied that he would have been able to do such a thing with his finger severed so apparently depp claims his finger was severed when heard through a vodka bottle at him heard said he did not. He did it to himself during an attack that made her fear for her life man. These people are [ __, ], wacky yeah, if you're. So, if your relationship is so toxic you're sitting in the bed, maybe it's fine to just break up. Probably I think they're working on that. It's like you, know what when I come in the bed and I find a [ __ ] in there, I'm like you, know what. Maybe this isn't working right by the way our dogs did poop in the bat no no, but not inside, and also you could tell the difference between a dog, [, __ ] and a human [ __ ], I'm sorry, yeah, there's a big difference. Alrighty well um. We have a surprise here today. At the end of our episode, an interview with one of the most, I would say: uh influential, the the quick wettest quickest wittiest uh insult comedians to ever grace our planet. We have with us jimmy lee the jersey outlaw for an exclusive interview, he's just been featured in hollywood magazine and we're here to celebrate uh none other than jimmy lee. So with that being said, let's throw it on over to jimmy with us today. Is the jersey outlaw and who, who we're today, celebrating being on the cover of hollywood monthly, which is um? What is hollywood monthly magazine jimmy? You have not heard of this magazine, although to be fair, I don't read a lot of magazines. So what is this? It's a magazine for entertainment. You know for the arts and entertainment and we got lucky enough through uh, a connection out in california to get the cover and a very nice article in the june edition uh thanks to prather, uh jackson, who's, the uh publisher of the magazine. Did you have to pay for this feature jimmy? No? Oh, that's nice, that they give you a really good spread. It's like when you open up it's all about you yeah, it's like all jimmy elaine. Well, I mean that's love and respect yeah, that's through the agent's relationship, not mine, but in in in business. It's relationships with people. So my agent, who knows the guy, asked for a favor there you go. I got I got kind of got lucky. I've, never seen that. It's like the jamie law jimmy jimmy lee magazine. There is other stories. Actually the following lady is uh ganja, the witch I don't know. If you read her spread the gondja, you see around halloween she's the one with the mask on, but it's not from covid right, yeah right, of course, let me read an excerpt here about um, because they they wrote a really nicely says jimmy lee comedy is all too easy for jimmy lee. It's like inhaling and exhaling air. It's how he communicates, that is to say jimmy lee is a wise guy. You're, never going to get a straight answer from jimmy lee you're going to get a funny answer, sprinkled with brutal honesty. If he's telling you the truth, you can't get mad at him kavish. Well, I wish that was true. Maybe I would have got on tv by now. I did notice that I did well. According to this magazine, you have a tv show, it says, comedy realities, tv star, jimmy lee, the jersey outline is hit comedy tv show dangerously funny is one of the best rated comedy tv shows. So I wasn't sure. Well, that's! According to me, oh okay, okay, good, you didn't understand ethan and I have two fans. They happen to be in the attic right next to the air conditioning units. You see right, yeah, of course, yeah. So just so wait. What are they referring to the tv show, though the tv show according to me, okay, but what is it your life or your? Like your youtube channel dangers there you go yeah polite light and polite, so jim. So what's your youtube channel, so the people know it's. The jersey outlaw jimmy lee jimmy lee, the jersey outlaw. So jimmy tell me um. Well, congratulations! What's wrong with me! No, I would never ask you that hillary was thinking that what happened did the doctor cut the cord your mother hung herself what happened jesus? No. I would never say that the doctor slapped me and the nurse slapped me a couple of times. Something must have went bad I'll. Tell you one way I did eat. I looked up my family tree. Four dogs were using it things, aren't easy ethan, it's rough yeah. No for sure I get that I'll. Tell you nothing's going well, my kids are nuts. They go to private school. They won't tell me where it is. You think it's easy jimmy. I happen to know your your son is holding the phone. Yes, he is. My son is holding up. How do you know? Well, I happen to be trivia to the uh, the pre-interview portion, where your son was helping you uh get the internet going. I got two kids ethan, two good. Looking kids, I got two ugly kids. I don't talk about the ugly ones, hillary's, not interested in hearing about them and your son holding the phone. Is he the ugly one or the beautiful one he's the good looking one? Otherwise, you don't hold the phone right, yeah, that's an honor, you know the place of honor and the jimmy lee family. Correct. Yes, your honor know your honor. That's why I'm in court a lot. I got to say that lawyer. You know my lawyer. The guy works for that law. Firm. Do we treat him in house? You know him? No, I don't do he. He works for that law firm. Do we treat him in hell? Do them cheat him and how right yeah? That's good? That's all yeah the biggest law firm in the world. As I understand it, correct so jimmy how about the jokes are going to get worse, the jokes will get worse jimmy. How is the uh career going at this point in time? I know you're ma you're. You are um, primarily a dentist and you kind of do the comedy. You know whenever you can. You also are a musician, so how? How is it balancing those two worlds, being a dentist and being uh dangerously funny? At the same time, it's it's difficult and you know we just came back from the uh coven and the business is, is tough, some staff didn't come back they're starting to come back. The revenues aren't quite where they need to be, but uh I'm hanging in I'm working a lot of hours and you know I'm still doing through pandemic. I wrote a lot of jokes. I think you saw some of the uh the videos on uh. You know some of the uh covert jokes and the trump jokes. I was doing a lot of writing and comedy doing that, and you know, of course the comedy tv show has a lot of subscribers and followers and uh good hits on some of the videos on the dangerously funny street comedy stuff. That seems to be my uh. My vehicle that most people know me from is street comedy street yeah. Do you ever? Do you tell jokes to your patients when they're on the dentist table? Actually it's funny, because today there was a patient miguel and I had him dying for about 10 minutes. I started with the famous quotes and he was spanish. I threw a couple spanish one-liners in you know. I said I had a spanish girlfriend, but every time I made love she took my wallet. I had to break up with her wow once you go wreaking a job you'll be seeking and he was dying and that when he came up for air I just kept going and he said to me he said to me you're a funny guy. He said wait a minute. He says that yeah he's like you know, that's why you too, it was kind of funny um, but it just happened today. Wow. Let me ask you this. Maybe if I I wonder if some people who are going to the dentist, maybe don't expect a routine. I wonder if maybe some people I I do. I wonder if maybe you've lost patience from from that or maybe you think that you've gaining retaining um, I would say, may have lost a few that don't get me and uh and possibly the ones that know me love me and they come right. So maybe a mix and match, but I say overall I don't think it hurt me too much. I think it hurt me a little bit more hiring dentists that saw the channel and got offended. I lost a couple of stocks for interviews because of that not so much patience, wait. How do they find it? It's weird. I think they, google, my name and then it cross links to my stage name and they find a video, and I I insult someone I got the faculty. I saw you in the casino buffet stop doing that they get offended because they don't know me as a person. Well, I do understand that that they would yeah right and I mean I've seen you go up to big girl or big girls to use your words. You say you're you're, a big girl. You say that to them. I can see why exactly they might find that offensive, but you know yeah but hey. What can you do forget about it? Huh you gotta, forget about that's what uh you you heard about nikki pompanis, you know nikki papanisilla, no nikki pompanisi had a rape charge, you didn't hear about nikki pump and niece. He had a rape, george, I'm sorry, okay, we're doing a rape joke jimmy. No, he had a rape charge downgraded to tailgating. He had a good lawyer, nikki pompanis yeah. How old was the niece 12. holy smokes jimmy? You know why no one gets worse. Ethan I got a. I got a. I got a buddy of mine, a doctor friend of mine. He got two years in jail for having sex with one of his patients having sex with one of his patients. He's a veterinarian, hillary's a veterinarian. No, no! No yeah! That's right! You know what's funny about that story, but it almost had a happier it had a happier ending because, like you know, [ __ ] an animal is better than like [ __ ] a patient. In a way. You know what dr phil said. If you watch dr phil ethan. Yes, of course he said if you're not sick and you gotta have sex with an animal do with a horse. This way you'll have a ride home. You got to think smart about things right, that's true! That's a good point! No, that's not a joke! That's just good advice, that's very, very sad advice. You know what dr ruth said: hillary! You don't want to talk to your partner during sex. Don't pick up the phone say that one again, I'm sorry, you don't want to talk to your partner during sex. Don't pick up the phone, oh right, right right right! I can't write these out jimmy. Let me ask you: you seem like a ladies man uh through I throughout your career. When I see you, you seem like a man who appreciates beautiful women. Am I wrong about that? No, that is correct and that's kind of been one of my my uh sizzles of the actors, the bandito girls, which I I did that when I did music and it carried over with comedy and and we mix it with some security guards and notice. Whenever you do your act, you bring some beautiful women along jimmy. Are you? What did you have? You had an illustrious uh sex life? I have to ask, I know you're, you are a well. You seem like a suave dude. I will be honest when I was young. I was really good. Looking like not now, but when I was young right and yeah, I had, I had pretty much a good good run, but I'm married and happily married and I'm fine. Now, because I had that when I was a kid, so I used the girls as props. Can you can you tell me how many women you've slept with throughout in your when you were really in your prime? In my prime yeah put it like this. I grew up down the shore in the summer and two or three a week to rotate wasn't wasn't a bad move and I wasn't the only one doing it. I had buddies just as good looking as me, and you know you don't kiss and tell, but back in the days I didn't the kid didn't do bad now. You know you people look at me. They look the other way. You know what I mean. That's kind of what happens when you get old, so you said you used the girls as prop. Do you do you find that I use them as eye candy as I can, when I shoot yeah, it's the biz, it's showbiz and I use security guards too in and in regular cities I'll use the security guards. I don't think it's necessary and I I don't think I don't know. I wonder I wonder if that's a good thing to do. You were wondering if you should drop the girls yeah. Should I drop them? You may be right. I get comments from guy. Oh, I like the bandito girls and with security guards. People actually think, I'm famous, you know they go who's. He, which is a little bit as as an entertainer, because you and me both know I'm a big nobody, but I gotta you know. Sometimes you dummy it up a little bit and you pretend you bring your sinatra a little bit once in a while people go for it. Are these girls able to keep their hands off you? If I was your wife, I might be a little bit worried. They can't wait till the shoot's over oh really and they get their money and they run out the door and they say do me a favor next time you do a shoot, don't call! No. They first of all they're told ahead of time. What's going to happen and some girls, if they're, not confident the coordinator will say you don't want to do this. It's offensive comedy and he's going to be he's got a big heart, but it's going to be that kind of comedy and if the girls are funny like that, they don't do it, but they're told so they know they're prefacing. You know before we start right and we've had problems in the past. So now we tell the girls out of time with the security guards. I work with two sets of guards, so they know who I am and there's no problem with them, um, so we're we were getting to the heart of jimmy lee. When did you decide to settle down? You were such a playboy. You were I settled down um in my mid late 30s. I I pretty much. I've been married. A long time same woman yeah same woman as far as I know, unless, if there's a weirdo fooling around with that, you know, and I got a blindfold on and I wake up with spring marks on my ass and I played batman in the bat cave. But as far as I know, it's the same girl. Okay, that's good good for you jimmy! You said. I know the chinese people look alike, but you know, let's, let's not go there because every time I think about I want to order. You know what I mean ella last night I wanted 69. She said it was her birthday last week and gave her 61., and you know what she said to me. I'd like to have eight dollars more. Can you believe that? Can you do me a favor jimmy ask your son. How does he feel about the chinese jokes aimed at his mother? How do you feel about the chinese jokes, colt ethan wanted me to ask you they're good they're, good they're, good attiboy. He said okay spoken, like a real uh lee right, yeah he's a true. You asked. You asked the question and I lost my train of thought. I went into a joke. You asked me something uh. When did you settle down? Well, no yeah. I settled down a little bit late because I I I was a peter pan type of guy as a kid and always fun. So my actual dental career took off, probably when I hit about 38.40 when I made it a business model and decided to do serious. You know dental consolidation by offices, but before that I had one location and you know made a decent living, but we went out a lot and had fun. I think I grew up late. You know what I mean, I know yeah. I know I know I know exactly what you mean. So how is the dentistry business dentists make a lot of money? Don't they well? They do and I'm blessed to have a business model. So I can do very well- and you know sometimes be able to do my passion, while the officers run, because I have about 45 employees, nine dentists and managers and great great employees that that work for me and they're, loyal and they're good, so I'm blessed, but I also he'll since the pandemic, I've been working 12, 14 hour days, six five six days a week to catch up, so my job is not a light-hearted job, where it's easy and I don't think a lot of people could do my job. What is your job? Are you doing? Dentistry? Are you just managing the business uh two days clinical ethan and a lot of admin and a lot of paperwork at night, everything related to running a business and it's very hard, it's getting harder jimmy. What are we pulling in? Are we pulling in like seven figures? Is that what we're looking at seven figures? Um um, I'm I'm high right right in that area, but the company does about six million yeah wow well yeah, but he said nobody ever gave me anything in life. Oh absolutely like a dog, I was a waiter as a kid and when I do comedy I work like a dog and no one gave me nothing. I never had any kind of entitlement syndrome and felt if I didn't work, I was going to get paid and I made sure you know when I work for people. I worked hard and was a good guy and- and I expect the same for my people and I work alongside them. I don't ask them to do something I wouldn't do, and you know I work just as hard as them, so I lead by example jimmy what what's the? How are you guys dealing now with the covet? What's the procedure to see people well, what we do is, we have them wait outside and then, when they want to come in, we have them wait outside, and then we move the uh the dental chair outside and we work on them and we spin on them. So there's a chance to catch the covey and when they catch it we say we don't have nothing to do with this, though you spit on your patients. Jimmy oh yeah, and by the way I found out the disease is young and asian. So now I'm interested in dating so there's a lot about this disease jimmy. What's the craziest thing, you've seen as a dentist, because I'm sure a lot of wild [, __ ] pulls in I'll. Tell you what happened to me, the other. We got a lady come and take her clothes off and she said doc. I want to have these two pulled this cavity filled two weeks ago and did you and did you oblige? No, but I had a lady grabbed me in the privates and I was getting ready to number. She says we're not going to hurt each other. Are we? I said no we're not. That was a very awkward situation too, but really you must have some wild mouths pull up into the dentist office. I mean in your long illustrious career. What have you seen inside someone's mouth that really stands out to you um? Well, I had a lady coming last week. Hillary you'll appreciate this and uh. Last week we cleaned we cleaned our teeth and uh. When we were done. I said you can go over to the sink spit and then you can get dressed and go and she did that's disgusting. You asked for a little joke a little side swipe there, a little love and uh. No wait a minute wait a minute. I had a guy come in a month ago he had a brown neck and I said how do I get my teeth? White I said: go home and get a brown necktie. You know what I mean. I must not joke up too by the way uh. What I guess. I don't understand that one, the brown necktie. Can you explain now a guy came in with a brown necktie. I forget how to joke quit. I forget it, but I'll tell you heath and what I did do I figured out a way to hide my bad breath. Guess what I do. Hmm, what's that hold up hold up my arms hold up your arms mm-hmm, I'm afraid! That's how I hide that's how I hide my bad breath hold up your arms. How does that hide your bad breath, body, odor body owner under your arms? I'm not. I can't write them out here. I can't write them out right, see. Let me tell you something about jimmy. Are you saying you put your armpits in your patient's face correct? I have to do it excellent. I wish you were my dentist jimmy I would be getting spit on raped and uh. Wait a minute guess what I give some of my patience, hillary. What jimmy! Why do you think he's calling out ela? What am I chop? Liver? You don't want to give me any jokes, no ethan, ethan! Guess, guess what I give you my patience. I give them gears and guess what else I give them. What's that I give them electric too, and then they I turn them on. You know what I mean gas and electric forget it forget it. I thought you're going to say you [ __ ] on them, because you say I give them gas. No. That was the guy in the in the one f that guy passed away about six months ago, the guy in the third one f'd up dennis that that shot on the floor he passed. Is that sad? That's true! Really! Nice! Guy st steve whalen from new york, it's hard to get right jimmy. Do you? Do you find it? I find it interesting that in between jokes, you kind of just dropped that somebody close to your past. Also he wasn't. He wasn't close to me. Let's get that straight right now. Are you glad he's dead? No! No, because you just were like hey, I don't know. I don't know that guy is not close to me. No, I met him one time and that was the end of it. Is your son want to be a comedian jimmy? Is he inspired by? Do you want to be a comedian? Absolutely not. He shook his head. No! No! What does he want to do? Is you want to be a dentist, a proctologist, it's a job that you start at the bottom and stay there. We'll have the top and bottom covered. Is that true uh? Does he want a proctologist? That's uh. What do you want to do? Dentistry? He doesn't know, but he's leaning towards dentistry, oh good, for him he's got a good career lined up for him yeah. Well, this way you could pull out at the right time. You know absolutely he wouldn't be here if you did exactly well. That was when I was supposed to be a girl. He just made a face. Can he hear us, or can he only hear you? No, but hillary? You know my problem. Hillary clinton. May I speak frankly, okay, I appeal to people ethan and hila. They can do me. Absolutely no good. That's been my problem. My whole life mm-hmm appeals to people that can I appeal to people that could. Do me absolutely no good. I guess I just being honest with you. Okay, someone at home got that no nobody got that not even not even your people out there in tv land, it's a tough crowd dan. Did you get that no um well jimmy? I want to say no need to apologize going through here. I feel like you should write a book with your jokes and then at the end. There's like the explanations like in case you didn't understand: do you even get the joke? A footnote, yeah jimmy? You have really beautiful skins flipping through this magazine. I have to say that you have a really beautiful skin regimen like well, that is called facetune of photoshop and and and makeup they always say ethan and gila. A little powdered little paint makes you what you wait. Remember that I need to get whatever you're on yeah I got a famous quote: gila you ready yeah, abraham lincoln. He said all men are created equal, but you know what he never went to a nude beach, abraham lincoln, definitely didn't say all men are created. Even he said, all men are created equal, but he never went to a nude beach, because it's false that that's implying that men who have have different sized penises jimmy jimmy are you packing heat? What kind of what? What are we looking at downstairs? Four inches and that's the win wow, so you got you got some yeah you've got like a beer, but I graduated high school mag to come loudly, all right, yeah, absolutely for sure, yeah yeah, I told my wife, you know you want to puff on a magic dragon, tell pinocchio a lie. She understands right sure, of course excellent. I feel like. I remember ethan when the air was clean and the girls were dirty back. When I was a kid jimmy just like you, I think you should try to develop a drinking game where it's just cards with your jokes. Okay, should we do a game with milton bradley and sell it jimmy wait what I don't know who's that jimmy um? How do you feel that our president is doing uh right now, yeah? Well, I think right now he's got better connections with russia than with melania. That I'll tell you that's interesting. That's a good observation. How do you feel he's um handling covid, I think he's doing a wonderful job. I mean you, ask him he'll tell you he's not shy about it right right, I'll! Tell you I'll tell you that what I figured out about him? He puts a bag of doritos on his face. He puts it at medium temperature for about eight minutes and look how nice he looks he's doing a really nice job with his makeup, in fact he's on matching tinder right now. Are you excited about sports? Coming back, oh, I can't wait. I'm such a sports fan, I'm a big football fan. My wife's, my favorite tight end. Wow he's got a line forever. Yeah jimmy. Are you flying on planes right now during covid? Oh yeah? Not only do I fly on planes when the pilot makes a left-hand turn now he puts his hand out the window, I'm on weird type of planes. In fact, now the no smoking sign smokes. When you go in, I I gotta tell you. Those are weird. Planes are a little strange yeah. I am on the wing looking in sometimes jimmy um. Are you going? I know you're not supposed to be. Are you sheltering him? Oh, my god, are you going off? Oh no, that's not what I asked. Are you sorry? Do you all go out in public? Are you doing things? Are you staying at home, mostly just being safe? No, I go out in public I'll eat at restaurants outside and I'm I'm working. You know we're ppp compliant in the offices and at night, I'm you know I'm with the blow up doll. You know about my new girl right here. The blow up, though, takes my breath away. You know about her, yes, and does your wife know you have a blow-up doll? Well, she does because I let the air out of her night. She flies around a room, so you know she plays hard to get my wife hears it yeah. So it's a little awkward yeah. It is a little. It sounds a little awkward and your son is your son, making a weird face right now, yeah my son's. That doesn't care for me very much. You know. Well, he cares enough to hold the phone yeah he's. Holding the song he's been holding the phone very steady for a long time. He is holding the phone steady it's the least he could do for you now. I want to tell you guys this is being serious for a minute. I want to say thanks, because you guys believe in me and you help me out on the promotion end, and it means a lot to me, a comedian going absolutely nowhere with jokes people, don't get any more from 1982. That's trying hard to get a little somewhere in the business. You know when you get a little love from some people that have a little bit of a following. It means a lot from a little guy, so I just wanted to. Thank you, oh well. Thank you. That's from my heart! Well, thank you very much. I was waiting for a punchline somewhere. No, no, I'm not a cardiologist, but I just want to say that, because you had me on a podcast, you came out to meet me at frescoes a few years back and uh. I just for people that believe in you when you're a little guy starting out struggling. It means a lot to me, so I just wanted to say that well, of course, jimmy thank you um. There was one other question I wanted to ask you: um. Is your son going back to school with the kovid? What's your thoughts on that? How old is your son? I guess I I don't know blake's doing it. Blake's gonna be home and uh colby's going back what half time called. I think he goes back two days and he's home, but I think with what's going on with it getting worse, it's almost you don't want anybody to do anything right now until it flat the curve flattens down a little bit yeah, you got to be a little, I mean jimmy. I don't know your age exactly, but I would be I mean: are you concerned about getting coveted um? I know you're well, double nickels, so not quite yet, not quite yet, but you know getting there getting there. What does double nickels mean? Well, what's a nickel five? What's double nickels healing knows 55. double nickels? That's your ten cents! Well jimmy who you voting for in november, probably truman. I don't believe he's on the ticket. Are you sure I think I'll have to double check? Maybe barry goldwater, because these two guys stink, barry, okay, I'll, write him in put barry gold. You know who I may vote for zack. I mean look at that patriotic vote for that yeah. We're voting for zach for zach with that saxophone he played to me. I'm I'm putting zach in zach. Is that uh? When did you play, was it saxophone or guitar exactly I did yes. Thank you. I appreciate that you want to hear the weird things that stevie wonder, didn't even see you when you did it you're right, jimmy um, yes, you're, close floating off your face. Do you notice the glasses, don't really sit on your face, they kind of float. Do you know what I mean like like? They don't rest on your nose. They kind of just jiggle around I didn't notice. I just had my nose done. Oh okay, I just found that was interesting. Is that a do you specifically not put them down all the way? For a reason? No, this is the gynecologist glasses, the guy that puts his hands in to the lady says your hands are in the sink doctor. She says. Oh, I have the wrong glasses. Uh-Huh, wait! What's the joke, he wore these glasses as a gynecologist and he was with the patient, says doctor your hands are in the sink. He says. Oh I'm, sorry about him. Oh because he thought the sink was her vag bingo big mistake. That's a big misunderstanding. Zach was nursing. He was the assistant that day. Yes right, yes, I was zach forgot, don't you feel like you could make a great drinking game from how's the girl? How does the drinking game go? I don't know I'm not dylan. Let's get me famous with it with the game. Man, that's that's cool, whatever think about it. For you, this is what's going on jimmy lee, the jersey outlaw at hollywood monthly. So do what do you want? You want people to buy the magazine. Do you want people to go to your youtube channel? What do we want the people to do to support jimmy? It's not a youtuber youtube channel, uh viewers, subscribers um views on videos, uh tick, tock. What are we gonna? Take there we go. We are on tick-tock the jersey outlaws. Oh, that's where we need to be. Oh, get that get that nice crowd of yours on tick, tock and youtube and uh, may I say something to you: uh ethan, that probably nobody has ever said to you. May I absolutely not? No. May I want to see yes, please, please! I actually like you well, that is nice. I have never heard that. Thank you very much. Thank you jimmy. Thank you very much as always on fire on point there. He is all over the place: tick, tock, youtube everywhere else. Hollywood magazine, jersey, outlaw the jersey, outlaw the jersey, outlaw people. The jersey outlaws in the house. He's had sex with many women, hundreds would you say many women, but no men, no man sure I wasn't. I didn't asian men are out of the question. Asian women are all right. Jimmy. The fact that you brought up men makes me think you've had sex with men. What about non-asian men? No, I can't I can't I went on a vacation many years ago, a gay case I found out a vacation. I found out. Everybody comes right. I didn't want to do that. I'm sorry ethan! I had. I had some problems yeah. Well, that sounds good. If everybody's coming well, all the gay guys when they go to the supermarket, you find them in the fruit section. It was a little weird, so I didn't want to go to that round. That sounds offensive possibly, but I get it yeah jimmy. Are we talking hundreds? Are we talking thousands? What are we talking here? Thousands I know some may have had that many women yeah a lot over 100, but no more, no more, oh way over a hundred yeah yeah, you see. Did you see what I did you see how we reacted over 200? Are we pushing 500 more whoa? We need a [ __ ] ethan, pull up my facebook page and look at the picture when I was 25 real, quick. Let's pull it out. Facebook, let's see the young, beautiful boss, the black and white picture of me. Let's see the box 25 and you'll see why over 500 yeah I mean yeah, but no more spider doesn't work well that much I'm older. Now. Do you still now, when you um this? I'm apologies, I'm destroying uh for being crashed, but at a certain age. I know that like do you still have a libido. Does anything come out? Oh yeah yeah! No, I do. But when you get older, you change. You know my priorities are different. I work a lot of hours and you know I love to do comedy and on weekends. I relax I like to go to the diner and eat with friends sexes. It sounds like you get a little bit older, but when you're young, you know anybody talks and breathes and moves, and you know spider wakes up and your spider wakes up in the summers down the shore think about how many people are down there for three months. Think about that. I grew up down in mar gate down in by atlantic city and the casinos and when you go out at night and you're good-looking and young things happen, wow like it was your full-time job. No, no! No! Because in the winter then what happens is in the wintertime it's different, because the unit's not busy down the shore, so you got to get get it out when it's busy it wasn't busy. In the winter. In the summer you ever catch anything find a photo zack's. Looking you ever catch anything jimmy during those days. Well, you know everybody used to clap. When I did my show, I said: don't do that. I had that couple yeah, yeah yeah. I hear that knock wood. I use the uh. What do they call it? The raincoat? What do you call that zach, the raincoat? I believe it's called a condom? Yes, yes, so I was pretty uh. What's the word, heal is self-conscious safe. Yes, no idea, yeah the ringtone called the raincoat. Are you and your wife still active, very active, we're in separate bedrooms? We barely talk to each other once in a while. Well, we do have sex uh ethan almost every day in a week you know almost monday, almost tuesday zach is looking feverishly. I can't have like 15 different facebook pages jimmy lee, the jersey, yeah, there's like jimmy jimmy. Why do you have so many facebook pages? There's so many different pages? Is it under your real name? No go jimmy lee public figure jimmy. It has a picture with me in the models jimmy. Why do you have so many facebook pages? I have old ones that I don't use. I only use the one. I don't know why, but why are they jimmy um? You know what would be interesting to try for a video instead of those models. It would be interesting to see your wife just kind of like how he how she reacts to your madness, she's. Oh, she she makes faces and walks away. That sounds like an interesting video. I agree. I can't get the wife and the kids to go on. That's what would make it great bring your son and your wife to react instead of the models. Yes, would you want to do it? Colt colby made a face he may, but we can't tell mom right cole yeah cub's, making a face. He can hear us. I can you hear what they're saying called. Oh colby can hear you. I don't think I can hear you okay, he can't hear you yeah colby. What do you think about your dad's um pursuit of comedy? Do you think he should give it up and or do you think he are you proud of your dad? What do you think cole should I give it up or stick with it be honest, yeah, be honest with us, give it up, he said, give it up. Hmm, how do you uh? Why do you think he should give it up? He clearly cares a lot about it. Why should he not good? Because he says I'm not I'm not really relevant and good. Does that hurt your feelings jimmy a little bit? Oh, oh, did you think your son thought you were a good act, uh well, colby's, the one more like me, so I guess I did at one point. He just says: I'm too passe, like hope, is that what you said: I'm not caring. Well, you do do like the offensive kind of comedy, which is probably something of the past that yeah, especially in 2020. It's the old, tiny insult comedy yeah and it doesn't go like, but you know what is weird my agent roger. He says you know. No one. Does it it's funny that there's not a niche for you, because no one does what you do yet people won't bring in because it's so politically correct and there's a metoo movement with women. So it's almost like, if you touch someone or you insult someone you're going to like end up in jail and get beat up where, when rickles would do a roast and he'd say to the black guy to take the show, he's done clean the tables up. You do that today they want to grab. You beat you up, so it's kind of like the stuff that I do, which is what I remember to be fair jimmy. You could own slaves at one point and we don't allow that anymore. Obviously, that's an extreme example, but times do change right right right. So my problem, I think, was my age. Is I'm not as adaptable to change and the style I have? I do and my videographer and agent said if you changed and there was a production lady in la sue haber who said if you change like develop you, you probably could hit your your clothes you're wearing are outdated. Your jokes are outdated, but you know change. That's what you told me really. I, like your. I like your your bit uh your routine. I mean I can't how do you tell a singer that sings country you start singing motown, I'm who I am as an artist? You can't tell tony bennett to sing like uh the one connection band exactly zac is in the matrix trying everything to find this photo. I I uploaded three of them to discord and go in my face. Okay, so we've got some. We've got some all right. Let's see find the black and white photo of me. Wait this isn't young or well. Well, you tell me if this is what you meant jimmy here. Is this: oh, can jimmy see what I'm saying no you'd have to screen share. Okay, I'm gonna screen share jimmy and you can tell me if this is it's a black and white picture? Why don't you send it to me? Oh it's black and white. This isn't an attack, it's a modeling shot. I did when I was like. Can you send it to zach, 24, zach and you're, not seeing anything hold on? Can you go on my facebook? You can't, can you call can't leave here? Can I hold that you gotta jimmy hold on one sec dan go ahead, yeah, there's uh, I'm on his facebook. There you have literally thousands of pictures like I've been scrolling for the last five minutes. It's not an exaggeration there. It's thousands go into albums, go ahead and find the black and white house you'll find it so your family doesn't seem. I don't know how to I. I would I'm a little sad that we, it seems like you're you're. I don't. I don't want to cause a rift or anything, but it's got to be difficult to pursue something that maybe everyone I don't have the support of my family. With this, my wife, not really my oldest son, doesn't care colby kind of helps me with it with stuff and videos, and he kind of gets me. But he said: if you change, you could probably be more successful. He was giving me good advice what two months ago, cole he was telling me the truth. I guess it's hard to change because of my hobby. What is it kobe? What is it about his act that you think he should give it up? I mean just just give us a little more insight because it seems like why should I change it or give it up called what's wrong with you, yeah yeah, it's too old, too old style. The comedy bit is too antiquated. It's too antiquated the offensive type yeah. I kind of have to agree and that's what sue? That's what the girl lady said in california, she said you're still nice looking for a middle-aged guy. If you start wearing john varvatos, and you do uh observational comedy you are funny, but you have to change your style and your look. She said it's not hard to do. What's your son's name kobe, I found it colby colby, colby who's, your favorite uh comedian, who do you like for comedy called? I don't like comedians. He likes basketball. He doesn't like comedians. Damn he likes sports he's rejected the art of comedy jimmy yeah he's rejected me. It seems like I gotta I gotta pick and uh. Okay, we got the picture. Oh, this will show you why we got the picture jimmy. This is the guy that [ __ ] your sister and mom. In the same day, look at the outlaw chiseled beautiful, look at that hair. That was the kid in the day that was in like 1990.. Well, I wasn't a lemon drop. I wasn't like my loafers zach would be a second choice: yeah zach. Of course everybody wants to [ __ ] that thank you. Thank you. Zach would be my second choice. Dan would be my first choice. Oh really! Well, jimmy we've learned a lot. We've learned a lot. Uh we've got a lot of insight. I wonder if we can develop a new comedy, maybe style, maybe you can just give it a shot. Maybe work with your son. That's what this girl susan told me to do. Yeah, because you're you're you're a funny guy, no pun intended, don't piss everybody in the video modern comedy! Well, why don't you just write some material about you know? What's something you're passionate about? I mean dentistry, for example. What's a topic you know we can make some observational humor a story. I think slow it down a little bit. You know right. I do think the fact that you're, a dentist is very interesting. So a combination of a comedian who is also a dentist but modern style comedy look maybe may work. I love the dentist comedy connection. You know they say they say that dentists are the highest rate of suicide of any profession. What's the deal with that, oh yeah, he just dropped that the big one ethel. Well, they kill themselves. Why are why are dentists killing themselves? Well, I think they're depressed why? Why are dentists depressed? Have you looked at what dentists mostly look like they're ugly, so you look at the mirror at yourself every day and you're ugly, you you kill yourself. I was blessed with uh a receding hair line, a five head, not a forehead gay glasses, a shirt from 1987. jokes from 1977 and uh, and a little bit of money and and I'm carrying on zach's tradition where he plays guitar. I do gay jokes in las vegas and we're both going absolutely nowhere. Quick, if I may say so, even though zach's uncle was a gangster with the mob, and I ran the bootlegging [ __ ] and whatever all that and sir duke was a good friend of his and stevie wonder and they played guitar together, zach jimmy I gotta I mean I I'm not. I haven't been following you for like a fair couple of minutes, so yeah I figured I was I haven't been following myself jimmy I do want to see you succeed. I do want to see you do well. Thank you. I love that I'd love to have you back on the show and maybe maybe try to develop kind of maybe a more modern, yeah, more modern kind of stick, maybe about race relations or something about about what about race relations. Black lives matter. Something like that. Maybe we could talk about the ball game. Did your son just whisper, something? How do you play? Did your son just whisper end it? What did you just say he just said ended he whispered! Oh, come on yeah. Your son knows how to read the room guys. Thank you. A million times over we'll have you back on. Let's see, yeah we love it. We love the outlaw. Okay, all right jimmy! Thank you for your time. Thank you. Let's stay in touch, okay! Thank you, colby for holding the uh the phone there for us. Thank you very much. He's got a steady hand too. I have to I have to tell him he's doing very well you guys thanks for believing in the little guy. I love you guys. I mean all right. I appreciate you. Mary, take care have a wonderful day. You too, bye, bye, bye. Well, as a hell of an episode, I had a lot of fun this week with monster episode. A monster episode doing two episodes this week next week. Guess what another two episodes we're back the week after that five? No, I don't know, but I'm like go away, two yeah my goal. I really do want to do five episodes a week. People, that's one! Every weekday! That's right! Well, we'll start with two for now and we're really um. I guess I maybe don't want to give everything away, but we're we're building up towards some. Some real epic uh upgrades to the h3 podcast in the uh medium term here, so I guess we can share that. We are going to move to relocate yeah we're relocating. Well, you know with kovid we're not even really capable of being in the office, so we're taking this time to find a new space and to build out like a more proper studio yeah, because that studio was getting. It was always kind of small and um, especially now with the virus. It's like doesn't really allow for much in there, no yeah. So I'm excited, I think, um. You know the future is bright for the hd podcast. So even if you know everybody on the internet, hates it I'm still in baby. So those few of you who do like this show fear not because we're not going anywhere right, yolo right, we're in it until nobody's watching until the only people watching is dan, because I'm paying him too that's right, they've been fired. All right guys have a great weekend. We love you. We appreciate you we'll see you next week with two juicy fat whoppers of shits in the episodes amber turds, all right guys, we'll see you next time. You.