To welcome [Music] everybody to the most wholesome and light and breezy show on the Internet today the HD podcast. We come here to feel whole and happy and our hearts are warmed and everything feels good in the world. Even though it's not excuse me his chug allotted hubzero. Today's episode is sponsored by ring. You know them, you love them. Today we have a very special guest. You know him as Big Ed from 90-day fiance, specifically before the 90 days. We featured him in a previous episode. He put mayonnaise in his hair to moisturize and in preparation, yeah sure moisturizes, dry scalp, in preparation for his young, beautiful bride from the Philippines who is gonna, be seeing edy joins us today and not only he's add such a wonderful great character. He is going to show us how to moisturize your hair and scalp using mayonnaise, with, of course, who else but young, beautiful Zac. The sound lad is volunteering, his body and soul, and head to big Edie to moisturize. That is going to be happening after the first break. You were not gonna want to miss that is gonna, be so much fun, but until then we do have a lot to talk about now. I'm gonna, give you a fair warning. Okay, everybody says: Ethan, don't talk about politics, so noted I forgot I'm not going to what I bring you today is political memes, there's been so many great gaffes and goofs on the whole spectrum I'm going. This is not, and this is not what you think it is don't turn off. This is fun times only you're gonna see what I mean, but I do want to ask before we get started Ian you went to that big Bernie Sanders rally in LA right. There was like 30 I 35,000 people there, yeah I did it was it was packed. It was very, very busy in there. How was the energy uh very energized? You get swept up in it when there's that many people in a big room, all passing disease around you know back and forth. In the name of political change, I didn't know you were so engaged politically well, I mean it's whether you agree or not. There's something about going to these types of things and hearing these people talk people who may be the president someday it's right, it's energizing for sure. Whatever your feelings, yeah, it was wondering, though I mean it looked, really cool. It's it's good I mean think it's cool that you're politically engaged like that. I was worried about coronavirus, though I'm not gonna live with 35,000 people. There did you notice people being safe for people uh minding. Were you mindful of the like? How do you even you know, I mean how do you keep safe in an environment like that? Well like if someone comes up and goes hey bud you mind if I spit in your mouth, I don't know yeah. They asked me in two months, we'll see, but not right now, so very wise, so Ian has doing his due diligence to Purdue militance to protect himself and all of us from infection. So thank you Ian and the music was good. Oh right there you saw a public enemy without flava flav right, yeah, awesome, I heard about it all over the news afterwards, I mean it's so funny at correct me. If I'm wrong, I am so Flavor Flav's sent a cease-and-desist to bernie, saying don't use my music, but how could he he did that without the consent of the rest of the band who supports Bernie? That's weird right: that's why they're firing him probably and they're like yo I, don't know wasn't, is that right in is that what how they build it as a poor performance by Public Enemy radio, which apparently is not with flava flav? It was something like that, but he said it was conveying the idea that he would be there, which wasn't the case. He later clarified and said: I have nothing against Bernie, don't get me wrong and also I, don't like Trump, but I don't want to endorse anyone. So that was his thing, but it's not his group, so Chuck D said no you're done. You're fired Wow people were joking about how Bernie broke up public at him after all these years. Those two guys so divisive. Well, unfortunately, for Bernie sloppy joe biden as I like to call him, took a took a big win on Tuesday Bernie's, not out for the count, though, but what I do want to talk about as I promised is the memes now Bloomberg has we've all followed. Eight, a massive [ __ ] on Tuesday, -, everybody's joy and I- do think it is encouraging. I will say in a way because it proves that even with half a billion dollars spent, you cannot buy that election. That's true! That's what I suspected and that's what I think yang was saying when he was here. You know what so can buy and buy, but you know- and you know what I saw some reports about- that really emphasized. That is apparently a lot of, because you know he was just spinning not just on the advertising but tons of money, unlike hiring people to go canvass for him and stuff and there's like a bunch of reports of people that just took the money and then they go, and while they were canvassing they would just canvass for somebody else, because, like hey and that's, the thing is like you can buy it. You can try and buy your way, but if people don't actually support you, it's not good, see I'm still, better I didn't get any of that Bloomberg money. How do you spend half a billion dollars and I hear on like a fairly large show with a with a young, a voting audience right? A voting age I didn't even get like a milli, half-a-million I'm saying like damn. They saw you had Yangon and they were like this guy's ain't getting to the core. So it's not last time, I have his ass on so anyway, memes we're not talking about politics. We're talking! Let me so here, Bloomberg tweeted out you guys gonna love this, so nothing we got paid for yeah I, don't wanna make it. No I would disclose if I was paid by anyone yeah, so Bloomberg dropped out after a disappointing show yeah. These memes are so cringy like dude and Bloomberg years. You're, an old crusty old yeah, show this. This is a clip from Star Wars. So that's a really good point. Basically, it's just the part where I'll be yeah, keep it small and scrub through it. Oh it's just the scene from Star Wars where he goes. If you strike me down, Veda I would become more powerful than you ever imagined and then Vader strikes him down, implying, of course, that because he's dropped out now he will be. He endorsed. Joe Biden and he's gonna be sending spending a trillion dollars. He's a force ghost now. Yeah he's a force ghost now and Joe. Biden apparently is Luke Skywalker, but damn he looks like a force ghost to me so anyway, but then Trump I mean so cringy right, oh Jesus, and then Trump responds with another Star Wars clip I. Believe our gift Spaceballs baseball, tiny Vader- this is the actual premium or with black Bloomberg a billionaire then, like ninth, the White House I think was, in the Commons I'm sure somebody just government official in charge of moons Secretary of Interior gifts. That area means so that was a fun exchange happen on Twitter now here. This is why Bernie should be President. This showed up on the internet and I have to say it is pretty compelling. You know tell me why I'm sorry I know, what's convinced dude I make fun of Bernie for being old because he is like 77 right or 78. For somebody a is their copyrighted music on this probably yeah yeah keep a close eye on the sack you ready, yeah, so I wish. We could show audio I'm, so sick of the [ __ ] YouTube, so a water bottle gets Occidental II knocked over by Bernie and his uh excitement and he catches it like a young spry man like a good catch. While the water is pouring out and calmly places it back on the table, save some of the water, it's absolutely safe in the water. It was totally gonna spill. Everything, but ya know that was impressive. For an old man. I have to say man I, have to admit I'm impressed. You seen those videos of him playing baseball and stuff like no. No, oh really yeah I mean you still got it. Yeah I mean he's 78. You know a little better me, but yeah I mean like it's like a decent pitch and I mean, should I throw it on I'll, see if I can find it but yeah. My point just being is that he's definitely pretty spry for his age. Damn like if I did that. Now what be like he'll tell me, you saw that that's 78, um, I, don't get the whole age thing to me seems totally fine Neela. Have you been I? See him I mean I, see him talking seems totally fine. Okay, you know I, guess I'm, just an ageist yeah I, don't, but you have to admit: there's not many good years left at 78, because he let's say he's 70 or he's 77 I, think so he's not gonna become president. Tell he's. 78 he's got four years of his first and when he finishes first time is gonna, be 82 could be important for years. You know okay, Bernie Sanders. For president, you heard her here. Look I voted for the guy people accused me of class warfare. Let me just remind everybody: I donated a thousand dollars to his campaign. I publicly endorsed him on Twitter and Here. I am I voted for Bernie Sanders and by the way I'm talking about it. We didn't even talk about what did I do. I'm just saying, I'm celebrating the his reflexes he's like [ __, ], neo, matrix you're, not under attack I'm, always under attack, so shout out to Bernie he's looking good. Now. Speaking of coronavirus, here's Mike Bloomberg, you know coronavirus aside, I mean this is just and by the way, Mike Bloomberg posted this on his own social media with the caption when in doubt rip the crusts off. Look at this he looks old. It's disgusting I hope you post this. So he goes in for a pizza. He rips the crust off. He shoves it in his mouth. This is on his Instagram. That remind you, I think he licks every finger every single one, five fingers in the mouth, so weird yeah, regardless of the virus I, would never do that. No, and that looks like a communal food right, cuz there's like a big bucket of coffee. That's communal food Mike. What is wrong with you, my god, why would you post on your own social media and he like really deep throats the fingers too right like they go like it's like out of the cartoon right like if I, if I'm at home and maybe I, got like Cheetos or something like just the tip? Maybe if your hands are clean, but he deep throats his fingers, I gotta watch this again. Man I mean how do you live this long doing that he's like 78 too, and fine I feel like if I did, that I would have perished when I was 60, you know so. Mike Bloomberg is out and deservedly so after watching that also, this was a great clip that was making the rounds on the internet man. This is so crazy. I think everyone was in pure shock by this clip on MSNBC. What's this guy's name, the reporter Dan he's a really Williams yeah he's super famous reputable guy I, mean I, know he's famous for getting fired from NBC Nightly News for lying about being attacked by, but he's a newsman I mean yeah. He used to be the the main anchor on NBC I mean he used to have a good reputation, he's a newsman yeah. He should know better than this yeah. Well anyway, what was the story? He went to Iraq and he said they were getting there being fired at yeah. People like to you know pretend like they were in serious danger when they weren't hmm yeah. You shouldn't pretend that there's actually people getting shot at we should. We should not trivialize that experience right, I just found it. What you just Ryan Williams apologized for lying about his Iraq helicopter crash yeah, like crash yeah, he made up some whole like story about. They were getting shot by an RPG or something it was like. Really. Why would you make up such an elaborate lie? It's gonna be easy to prove. Yeah I mean he he fessed up to lying about it and then he got fired, but they eventually brought him back. But his shows in like the middle of the night, yeah there's it like midnight 11:00 an hour or yeah at 11:00. That's right. It airs at 11:00 the 11th hour. Exactly so, you know he's he's not exactly the I want to show the I want to show called the the 15th hour it's on at 4:00 a.m. yeah, okay. So here it is guys this woman is speaking about just how much money Bloomberg wasted on the campaign now listen closely. Um somebody tweeted recently that actually with the money he spent, you could have given ever Romaric 'n a million dollar got it. Let's put it up a screen it when I read it tonight on social media, it kind of all became clear. Bloomberg spent five hundred million on ads u.s. population. 327 million. Don't tell us if you're ahead of us on the math he could have given each American while them million dollars and I've had lunch money left over it's an incredible way of putting it disturbing it does. It does suggest you know what we're talking about your time is: editorial board must have had so many opportunities to figure out that it's wrong right. They graphic yeah. They planned this conversation so obviously there if he spent five hundred million on and he could have given each person about a dollar 30, not a million dollar who did if he gave each person a million dollars. What do we say? It was like quadrillion, I, think I think it's not quite quite I. Think it's like 327 trillion I think it was more than a trillion. It was around cuz. If you do, if you need an astronomical amount of money, I mean it would be 327 million times a million. It would be examine right. It would be like all the wealth the world has ever known. Time span. No, it's a dollar! Thirty, thirty! Fifty! Oh, it's a dollar! Fifty that doesn't make sense. It's not dollar! Fifty read. Are you sure I owe a dollar fifty to some rich, because I did five hundred divided by three to seven genius, a dollar fifty two well and I. Just it is it's three hundred and twenty seven trillion is what he would need for 27 trillion, yeah yeah, that's more than every country's GDP combined I! Think so there you go there. Here's two apparently educated smart people I mean what is wrong with you. I love, how they it feels I'll just take it for granted. Look how smug they are they're, like someone really put in context for me. It's disturbing I gotta say when I read it tonight on social media. It kind of all became clear. Bloomberg spent 500 million on ads u.s. population. 327 million. Don't tell us if you're ahead of us on the math he comma head bro stop aboard. Oh I'm, ahead man- oh my god, dude! This is like simple arithmetic: a million. A million is the same quantity. You don't have a burden to convert all right, given each American, 1 million dollars and I've had lunch money left over. It's an incredible way that it could I feel like a million dollar check would be a life-changing for most people. Yet he wasted on ads and still lost yeah, except he could give you a dollar 50 that life-changing freedom. Then yeah, that's alva freedom today, not damn, but the truth is that um she doubled down. Is that right, uh, yeah, I, think yeah, I, think I think she heard she doubled down and said: I don't have the the tweet, but what she said was: okay. I know that my figure was wrong, but the point, the larger point is that he could give every American a million dollars if he wanted to, which is also vastly untrue, because if you go he's worth what is he worth like fifty five billion right, something like that yeah? So if you go fifty five billion divided by 360 million, just roughly 327 okay, thank you. Let's be precise here. Math is important: 327 million! Then what do we get if we take all of Mike Bloomberg money and we divide it equally among every American resident, you would have a hundred and sixty-eight dollars per person cool life-changing. So, as far as you know, far from a million I'm just saying I mean there's a lot of people that live here. 327 million is a lot there's a lot of people, god damn so there you have it lots of good times over on social media. This week, then Joe Biden, the front-runner I mean Joe's. Just a meme factory. Listen, let's be optimistic about Joe. If he does win even if he gets, the nomination were guaranteed so many great gaffes, but if he becomes present I mean all bets are off in terms of the gaffe production. The calf reduction is gonna, be theory, I gotta, say I'm, not a Joe Biden supporter, but if he were to get the nomination, the Trump Biden debates, I'm, not gonna, say I'm. Looking forward to that, but that's gonna be, and next and oh, my god, man, I I, it's gonna be insane. They think is that Trump definitely has more mental he's, not declined in the way they just crazy, but yeah I mean he's sharp, he's pretty sharp. So we like especially that aspect of his personality of like getting in digs at people and just them just generally being a dick he's, really realized he's great at so it's gonna be a hell of a show, exactly gonna, be a hell of a show yeah. Well anyway, Trump vs., Bernie, P I, see I. Would it's less funny? It would be less entertaining because I think Bernie stays on point right, yeah he does. He wouldn't I, don't think he would be easily provoked and he just he always stays on message. Bernie, the 1% other two percent yeah. If you take a look at percent or the one thing everyone started making fun, you think he's not you kind of start with a percent of the two percent. If you take two, no do not percent feel like I would enjoy it more because he's more, he would become more about us. I agree: real debate, yeah well, Joe, Biden's, gonna, challenge him to a push-up contest. Yeah I know he would thinking of Joe verse-by-verse Trump kind of like it's gonna. Give me anxiety. Why does everything honestly and I hate to mark on the same thing? It's like I wish everyone was in so freakin old, like even Trump. How old is Trump he's like 77 the same age, - yeah I mean all three of these geriatrics Pro. It's like it's like weekend at the bocce court, or what is that there that again, the other old Aussie ball yeah, it's like it's like weekend at the bocce ball court, [ __, ] I want someone weather whose brain is in their prime being the president. In some cultures you look up to that. Yeah they're wise their experience, but the birthday of old brains, they're alive. Yes, there was there's positives and negatives about you know. Well, do me generally who's the CEO of companies. These are not 75 year olds or 70 80 year olds are they? Maybe they are probably get them out of them are yeah. What do I know? Well, it's what we got so you work with what you got. It would be nice though I shut up Ethan, let's watch more jobs, go buy it in so we're talking about Joe Biden gaffes. First here he is this: one made the rounds him confusing his sister with his wife, which is not exactly the best look bunt a you guys, decide [Music] [Music]. You know this. One didn't bother me I mean it's funny, but I don't think he actually thought they were yeah, each other I think they switched on him. That's what he said. Text Joe, 303, 300, still loved 303 300. They making you do text United, 2, 303 300 is doing that nobody's gonna. Do that boomer! None of these taken on their own I mean it's not like. You know, he's accidentally called somebody the n-word or something you know. None of them are like well. He did call that one got fat yeah. That was awesome, Ford yeah well here, but but it's it's about the pattern. You know, what do you do? It's free! It's a GAF compilation, yeah exactly well here, I mean on after watching this next clip I'm definitely voting Joe because he makes a hell of a promise here. Let me now that's a hell of a can. Do is text united, keep trauma, secured cancer, Alzheimer's and diabetes. I mean a lot of people. Do that a lot of you said Trump couldn't deliver on the on the fence on the wall. This is one that I'm gonna hold his feet to air. On one more time: text boomer to 303, 3, [Applause], Trustin, he'll, definitely working on a cure for Alzheimer. Did you consult with anyone before promising cures to cancer? [Music]? You got a vote. Joe come on. You guys, you gotta get this guy in office and then Tom Steyer who's out. Obviously another goon I know we argued about this last time damn, but he did spend like two hundred million didn't he he's gone a lot I mean he spent 200 million. We could have all got like 2 million. No, what a day I could have got like 2 cents. He got even less than Bloomberg this guy spent 200 million bucks and people still like just barely barely even know his name. You know what I mean well anyway, this was his epic get hit. This was his epic rally. I guess I, don't know he's getting. People excited, oh there's, probably copyrighted music. So let's mute it. We have a muted thank you, but here he is raising the roof with who's this group on stage Ian. Is this a famous artist? Look at these old people he's doing back that ass up, Wow I even know he was I mean look at this. Can you believe it looks like a Bar Mitzvah and he's had a little too much wine? Oh nice, let's go steyr, hey! Wait! You can't play this. This is free. Are you kidding yeah? Well, it sounded like a real drop 8 star your star you're, back that ass up back that assets, tire steyr spreads his butt cheeks spread those butt cheeks thanks for the million never see you again, hey must be nice to be a billionaire. You could have given each American a billion dollars. He shredding cut loose I mean he's, definitely my room for just going for it. Yeah you boning fire. You gonna, write him in mmm. Look at him he's so embarrassed right. Now, though, you could tell so that's tired he's gone. It's really dumped appreciate that Barney has had no goofs I haven't seen any oh I mean I'm, sure I'm sure. Yes, this is what I was saying about: Joe, it's like everybody, gasps against people too much wait hold the phone eel is right, I, don't think I, don't think. Bernisa never spoke out of turn or slipped up he's the badass I haven't seen any hairy leg comments from Bernie, okay, I guarantee you it's out there fine say that is a supporter of him. Fine month I mean he's tried to find a Bernie goof Oh, try it I will try and I've loved kids sitting on my lap I'll play dumb, oh yeah, that was the best when he called this Joe Biden called someone. Eight dog-faced pony soldier God with the sound Lions dog sounds good and while Dan looks for that, I have a bonus. Clip of Oprah eating [ __ ] on stage she's, not a presidential can life. She was so kind of this place bonus for there definition of what wellness means to me. This is my definition. Not yours, just an idea, because you're going to be defining it for yourself, wellness to me means all things in balance. Just talking about them. While talking about balance, you got a little, oh I did: oh I, am young I think that's copy. It's copyright free, but let's meet it. Just I do want to watch her eat, [, __, ], multiple times, yeah she's, the Beth, that's crazy that she was talking about balance. I know it's like so good. It's almost like a sign from God he's like God would like flicked her over got him. Who is she endorsed doors to anyone? I think she would endorse Biden? No, if I had to guess probably the amount of money she's got damn what the amount of money she's got. You give every American two million dollars. So that's that that's all you I'm googling for Bernie, gaff and he's gasless I mean there's one there's an article from September of last year and it's like a real, it's literally titled, a real gaff from Bernie Sanders and then the gaff. It's like nothing funny at all. It's like he misspoke about some policy issue with Mexico exact, like nod, doesn't count it's not like a bite in style. Gaff I mean I'm sure it's still out there, but yeah. Obviously, he's he's a lot more with it than uh-oh slightly yeah, see I, don't I feel like Trump needs he cause of sleepy Joe. He doesn't strike me as sleep he's. Really just sloppy I feel, like my nickname, is better and when you think of slot is great, I can't believe more people. Thank you. I feel like it is really good and it reminded just something gross that everybody hates like look how disgusting that is like to invoke that image when referring to the Joe Biden sloppy joe biden, and he is sloppy yeah exactly he's, not sleepy yeah I, don't really get sleepy vibe from him. You know you won't taik about it. Sloppy joe I was looking at it like that's that's a meal I've, always even as a child hate sloppy joe same has been the most asked and I like ground, be if I like hammer it's just disgusting, its putrid I've always hated that yeah yeah, my family, my mom used to make it not like super often, but it's just wrong rotation and I, just always hated slope. You know why they call it a sloppy joe, because there's no business being between bonds. Cuz, it's like you know it doesn't even make sense. Of course it's sloppy. How is that a dish? Good question, you know all right. Well, it's break time. We have a quick commercial break and then we are going to be joined by Big Ed who's gonna be putting mayonnaise and Zacks hair. We're gonna be having a ton of fun. I promise this gonna be the episode of the not the decade is ten years. The century is 100 years episode of the century, I thought you're, gonna, say millennium millennium. Maybe it might be of the millennium thousand years. Okay, so we'd be right back guys, don't go anywhere right now is the perfect time to keep a closer eye on the things around the house with ring products. A lot hop happens just outside your front door, but how can you keep things secure when you're not at home or when you are at home? That's when I love ring the most because I want to know what's going on around the house when I'm there and that's why I can sleep peacefully at night, because, with the ring I get the motion, detectors and I know what's going on, and now you can see who's there anytime anywhere thanks to ring and their home security products ring is on a mission to make neighborhoods safer. Each of their products is designed to keep you your family and your belongings, safe and secure, or from video, doorbells and security cameras to smart security, lights and alarm systems with ring. You can keep an eye on things from wherever you are in the world now the product that I love with ring I got the doorbell and I have four ring floodlights all around the house. So if anybody approaches the house I get the motion detector on my phone, it gets beamed up to the cloud. So I can always recall that and God forbid, your power goes out or the inner goes out. It's on your phone beamed up to the cloud baby. It's amazing, the the floodlight is actually my favorite product because you got the floodlight. If someone approached you've got the video you can zap them even with an alarm on the app you [ __ ]. You hit him with that alarm dude and you could talk to him -, but like hey, dude I can see it what's up, that's probably the best alarm, just like a BA Hey Dude. What's up where you going it's affordable, it's a custom! It's the perfect security to keep you guys safe. The video doorbell lets you answer the door check in on your home anytime, for any we're full home security systems gives you everything you need to protect your family, pets and property. Without there were security cameras you could check in on every part of your house, so you'll, never miss a moment ring helps you stay connected to your home anywhere in the world. It detects motion from people come on your property, receive notifications on your phone tablet or PC, see, hear and speak to visitors in real time from anywhere it's the peace of mind of knowing that everybody, your loved ones, are safe. Get a special offer on the ring. Welcome kit when you go to ring comm, /h 3, the welcome kit includes the ring video doorbell - and the chime pro. That's all you need to start building custom security for your home - this so go to ring. Comm /h 3, that's ring comm /h 3, welcome back I am joined here today with the one and only legendary Big Ed from 90-day fiance. Your hair is looking moist and and very healthy. Now. What is your hair regimen? Well I dye, my hair for the reason for the mayonnaise is about once a month. I have to dye my hair I'm, which drives my daughter, crazy, but because I had managed to the dye everything yeah, the guy, the color of dye she's like ad, you know it's so via obvious, but most people can't tell anyways it irritates my scalp, because I have sensitive skin. So my co-workers he's really kind of my best friend's raccoon brand he's, like you know, putting mayonnaise in your hair or she is. Why told me to do it so I tried it and it worked and I've been doing it for about about nine months now Wow and it really makes a difference, but you do smell like an egg salad sandwich, so you got to make sure that you, you rinse it out thoroughly one time, I didn't and somebody's like what smells like yeah yeah, and that was that church I'm kidding. So let me ask you this: did you try other products before you turn to mayonnaise um, for example, moisturizer yeah, no I mean I I get a keratin treatment like about every probably six months, but it's like a hundred bucks. So it's kind of expensive, that's the dye. Yet no, it's a it's keratin is a natural I. Guess it's a it's a it's! What your hair consists of. So it's like a vitamin I see. So it's a treatment, the heat they heat heat it in, but mayonnaise is 239 a bottle. You know so and do you get name-brand mayonnaise or do you good the? Do you find that a different label of mayonnaise matters you just get the cheapest one I get just whatever like craft is like you know, for afters yeah, and it's usually at my eye level too. So I'm right, but yeah it Kraft is, is go with Kraft go with craft every time. I do use the same mayonnaise on your hairs on sandwiches. Well, send your bottles! No! That's a very good question. I like mayonnaise on my BLTs, but I. Don't really use it in my house anymore, other than for my pair did putting it in your hair, spoil your appetite for mayonnaise someone. Yes, I'm like I, don't like I, don't like mayonnaise on anything other than a BLT mmm I love mayonnaise! You like mayonnaise I, do not as much as you apparently well. Ed is from 90-day fiance. We want we've become familiar with Big Ed on on this clip here or he put mayonnaise in his hair to moisturize. It I've been instructed to say the following: Ed Big Ed. Here we go make sure to watch 90 day fiancé before the 90 days airs Sunday nights on TLC aka. They say not The Learning Channel in bold ok, so we have to make some make that clear. Oh really so say that again they they're not the learning. Oh they're, not yeah. They they have. They have a disavowed learning. Okay, got it yeah they're, just DLC. Although we're educating people about mayonnaise, mmm-hmm I'm kidding, that's true. So at bigoted tell me I in the preview. You have found a beautiful young bride from what was the country on the Philippines, the Philippines, and how is that going is the show? Is the show shot live or is it already has it already happened? This is first time this is your beautiful fiance yeah, that's Rosemarie Rosemarie yeah. So there are 13 episodes and I believe that includes the tell-all. So all filming has been completed. Okay, yeah! So are you allowed to say what's the status with your beautiful Rosemarie? No, you can't say this edit, you met Danielle. You will me see: okay, because Wow yeah, but I like oh, but you are going into the so you're shooting before the 90 days, you're going to be a star in the main show right. Well, I'm I can't say too much: oh I some, but you know they cuz it's. You know. Obviously, but I can tell you this. It is one of the most surrealist things I've ever done in my life. It was unexpected. I did not I didn't even know about the show before oh really, yeah I basically met her sorry I met her on Facebook and fell in love with her. Obviously, and then we were. We were talking like up to four times a day, facetiming for about three months and she's, like when you're coming, when you're coming so I finally bought a ticket posted that and then I walked over to my associates desk and she's, like you should do you know 90-day fiance I'm like what is that and then, by the time I got back to my desk, my buddy rich who's on the show sent me the link, so I filled out that link nice. Fifty four-year-old in love with the 23 year old, with a 29 year old, daughter and I bought a ticket and I was on the phone with them within two hours and the rest was history. They just they're like oh, this is magic. Oh yeah, just like what you said the other day like yeah, they yeah they they're, like he's in I, can't wait to watch your season as a fanatic of 90-day fiance I have to admit that I think the last season was a little a cluster. That's not to say that I, don't love the show. So when I saw this clip I was like there's hope yet yeah and that man is in the hair yeah, and that really meant a lot to you, because I've I've been getting a lot of like like body, shame and a ton. That's not right! Yeah, that's not at all, but so to to know that you guys your reaction. They may be on the show it made my day like I'm like wow. Well, we're really waiting for the season to start joke. It's gonna be our favorite show, and you know we dug in. We found the content you're such a character. You got a you're you're having so much fun. You are a ball of joyous energy and we love to see it now. How does she feel about your mayonnaise? Does she know about your mayonnaise? Well, she probably got it now because they use your point. Oh she didn't know about. Well, you did recorded so thank you probably yeah yeah. She probably saw that but um. No, she didn't comment on it. No, no! No! Yes! She never yeah, but eventually, if you guys do get married, she's gonna have to either apply the mayonnaise or at least partaking in some way. Yeah. If you look at her hair, though oh my god, that's one thing: I love about Rose, her hair is like amazing, and you know she she's from a Mike like almost a third fourth world. You know country, it's really tough, there. No indoor plumbing, you know no yeah, it's really tough. How is it when you're visited? It was it it was, you know, did you [, __ ] in home, I might have to squat. Tell me about cuz I've, never [, __ ] in a hole I did in China when I was there years ago, similar similar to that you put you just kind of squat and do yeah yeah I. Don't know that I could poop squatting to be frank with you. Well, actually, no kidding that positions actually better blue I. This is what I heard right. It's actually better, with your knees bent. What was it sorta I didn't get. The good news is I, didn't get sick. You know, I was so worried about getting sick. I. Didn't you know you just you have to be super aware, but um you know the conditions ever country. You know it's tough, but I mean some of the most beautiful women in the world. You know come from such a you know a poor challenging country and they're super nice. Everybody there was treating me really well and it was it's still kind of like unbelievable in a way like I. Don't really did I really do this thing that her family was were they very skeptical of like I, always wonder in these shows when I walk out, it's like the the white American comes in and scoops up, the beautiful you know. Is there some kind of stigma? Did you found among her family and friends and community in general right? Well, so as as they're releasing as they're releasing clips of the show like TLC go, they they'll do they'll release the following weeks: episode parts of it and I saw some of that interview. I, don't you're, probably aware, but two weeks before I was to leave. Her sister was shaking me down like oh yeah, that's a I've seen that happen before yeah I know you know and and leave me up into this point. That's that's all I ever heard like, for example, my ex-wife and my daughter Tiffany. They were huge fans of the show right so immediately they're like what are you doing right, because you know you work in a profession, you have to be very careful, you know they can make you look. You know really good or bad and right um, but you know I didn't do it for the show. I was you know, I'm in love, I did it, for it was real and everything you see about me. It's me I'm, just a natural goof. You know that is the thing I wonder when they do. These reality shows us how much is embellished and how much of it is is genuine yeah. So I can tell you this. They told me one time, don't look at the camera, don't look at the camera and don't act just be yourself and bowed, and literally I mean they told me that once and I just and it got to the point where I just forgot- I'm just cameras were even there like I'm feel like right now it's this is so natural, but yeah. So so so mom and daughter were a big fan of the show and they warned me. You know that it's a shakedown. She wants a green card and you know you know that it's true and you know Moe people, not all people, but most people from you know desolate areas. They think every American is a millionaire mm-hmm. They really believe that and when they, when TLC did the release tells he go, did the release. Last week they show her sister going. You know she body, shaming me -. Thank you very much. She's like yeah. Well, he's big he's bigger than Rose, but you know he's rich. You know and which is not true: I'm, not rich right, I'm funny, you know I'm generous sure you know, but but I'm not rich well. We certainly cannot wait to see to see what happens. I know you have a twitch channel, I'm gonna help you plug what what our plan is. That I want big Edie to give us a manís tutorial. Young Zak is in a kimono he's, got a glass of wine much like yourself, and what I would like for you to do is put on those gloves and start massaging mayonnaise in his head to give us a tutorial of how are we going to lubricate our domes I love it, but so so before that you're, your twitch streamer, is that right? I'm? Yes, so funny story, one of my best friends he's actually the he's just a really good friend he he's with raccoon brand and he thinks I'm funny as heck. We went to Japan in April and I would just be, like personally told me: don't bring a bunch of luggage because we're on in a Norfolk trains all day long. What did I do? I brought big pieces of luggage; in fact he was the inspiration. Raccoon brand was the inspiration behind this sticker. He's like you, you're gonna, be a meme people love you, because I just do dumb. Naturally, I do dumb. Things like you saw in the video with you know: vacuuming the cookies and there's a thousand different ones anyway, so he just thinks I'm funny and I'm when it comes to computers, I'm like I'm, just not very smart in a different generation, so he's like you should become a streamer, and so he helped me set up. You know this is Big Ed and and help me set up. My twitch channel I have a buddy on the East Coast. His name is Boozer and mud mud light there with pix Berg studios, so they're the ones that actually do my filming. They see something in me that I don't see so they're like okay, we're gonna, make you a streamer and people are gonna, love you and so we're playing a game called sea of thieves and that they're like okay, you know you're, you know you know, you're, not smart, so go to the hole and in shovel out this ship you know so it doesn't. You know you basically see if thieves as this game, where you play with about eight people around the world stream you live and and on their online camera they're on camera. We can see each other or we have little characters on the boat. So naturally they like adds old. You know, put them downstairs and you they got you in the and the in the undertow. What do you call it? The bow, the undertow yeah, yes, leveling, a call yeah yeah, just doing like like mundane, no sir well I'm a huge Malbec fan, as many people know. So in streaming is fun I'm, not very good at it, but I have all the microphones and the headsets and I don't know how to hook up stuff. So they have to stop Midway and explain to add hit here's how you turn on your microphone. You know your mics too loud or turn your music down or you're in your boxers. You can't be in your boxers when you're streaming, which oh no oh, really yeah I, didn't know that that's a lot probably I, still on Twitter sure they don't allow shirtless, yeah, well big, big, Edie, I, see you've got the face on the shirt on the cup. You've got, it everywhere, got the stickers, let's go ahead, and, and so this is Big Ed right, yeah yeah you're you're available wherever you are available. Yeah. If you go on twitch.tv forward, slash right, not a back slash yeah, not not a back slash yeah, not, thankfully, that's absolutely wait. Hopefully, I think it's I think it is yeah. This is big, Edie I'm, pretty sure. That's it I mean see what I mean. Yes, you can find me interest if you google, at this, is big ad you'll find me. Okay, so twitch calm, awesome. So, okay, we're ready to do this. Let's continue this interview and our barbershop over here on am I ready, okay, hello, so big ad. If you'll you'll join us right here, it's on it's actually uncanny. The Zen loves right there. So you know it's h3 one! It's actually one! Well, you go ahead and show it as AK. If you would please, the the boys were kind enough to honor me with with the h3 wine. So thank you very much. Now II D go ahead! So your your the gear, you know what you're doing so, I'll leave it to you now ed. Well, since I've got here and you're prepping, have you been to any coronavirus hotspots in the last 30 days? No yeah, no heck, no yeah good, because young Zach here is very worried about the corona virus, frightened and he was just a little bit nervous about somebody touching his head today, but just for the record, you have not been to Italy Iran China or anything like that. No, sir, and how long ago, in the Philippines, because there is some corona, but what then oh I'm too close? Oh, my Atika tis too good I, know Philippines I believe there's some corona virus there is that right, no but um yeah, but when I was there I, don't think it was it it didn't exist. Yet Zak are you feeling, okay, sorry they're more worried about what people are posting online about the corona virus, then, which is becoming a bigger deal than what it actually is people a lot. So just be careful, wash your hands wash your hands! That's big Ed's advice! Yes, wash your hands! You have any other advice on how to keep safe from the corona virus. Yes, a mayonnaise in the hair there's an arrow! Oh thank god, the perfect antidote. So here we better with what we go for it. Yeah I'll just process, okay. So this is best foods which I'm a crafts man, but it's okay. Okay! So how you feeling I'm good? Oh good, the question number one: if I get mayonnaise in the road, are you gonna freak out? No okay, good, okay, perfect, okay, all right so um! Here we go so it's this simple now so Big Ed is now taking the top off the best foods. We've got the spatula and so the technique here. So this spatulas a little bigger than then what fits in here, but that's okay, specialists, too big. It doesn't fit in the top. So Eddie is no no Edie Britt over here, no bring it over here. So we can see on camera. It's right here, that's good! Absolutely so! Big Ed is dumping. This mayonnaise on the spatula, my god we are, and so we what we have here is a nice ring of mayonnaise on the spatula. That is looking beautiful Zach. Would you like to smell it before we engage? No? Okay, so don't worry about making a mess? It's totally fine, oh, and so what you're gonna notice, I'm Zach is it's gonna, be cold, so cold? What it's cold! Okay and the second thing you're gonna notice- is it smells like Zach go ahead and tell me from your experience. How is this going? That's not that bad tell you the truth. So let me ask you this: it's very cooling! How old are you I'm, 22 22 gee? Oh you're, a kid? Oh, my god! So you don't die you don't! No! No! No! But but we all, oh so so so big ad has reached into the mayonnaise jar and grabbed a handful of mayonnaise. Is this comparable to the amount of Managed you would use on your own hair? Well, Zach's here is actually a little longer than mine, but um yeah. This is about the same. You want to make sure that you you work it in. Oh, my god, I'm gonna get this out. That's a lot of mayonnaise I have to say, but them, but we have to moisturize. Now. How long do you recommend keeping the manis in the hair to get maximum good question half an hour? Oh now, do you find them, but you'll find out dude that after a while you don't even you, don't notice the smell, because you're all of the hair follicles in your nose they shut down? Oh you, you acclimate, like when you take an stinky dump and you're on the toilet. For thirty minutes they stop. So what I'm, basically doing, hopefully he's not getting too excited I'm working, the mayonnaise into the scalp, that's important! You get a close-up the end of the amount of mayonnaise, that's running through Ed's fingers here, because there's quite a bit of mayonnaise in the do you need more mayonnaise. May I recommend one more here. No, how you feeling all the smell is getting okay, it's supposed to okay, so that you know yeah, you missed the sideburns these that needs yeah just to be thorough. Okay! Here we go alright. So now what I have here is his tail, because what you're, gonna I'm gonna pull so I'm gonna take his tail and we're kind of I'm actually gonna wrap it into the top of his head and because it's mayonnaise, it kind of just sticks. It's a natural, am adhesive I got a haircut and so wrap the tail back into his scalp. The smell is starting to get to me. Well, you will yeah. There was a shower cap yeah, oh, so a hair clip I, don't think it's gonna be necessary. So what about paper towels? You guys got a paper towel. The spatula, bigger okay, that's important that you measure the size of your spatula because it doesn't always fit into the the jar. It's not a big deal, I'm, not upset or anything. Okay, Zach turn to me. So now, I'm gonna clean some of the mayonnaise off of your skin. No, we don't want the manage to be on the skin. Only in the hair is that right. That is correct only because of the odor okay, so Zach I'm. Only because of that odor he said: okay, okay, okay, I asked you a question: do you ever take a taste of the man's? Not at this point? Okay, just you know, I know you I just met you, but no I'm kidding nobody. We we're kind of talking about that earlier. That Oh, can you breathe? Okay, sorry, so um. So what I'm basically doing- and this does a couple things turn this way so Big Ed has put a bag over Zach's head at the moment. So what this? What this does? Basically, is it it Oh? Does it as you killed the owner Zach? No, don't worry about that. Zach bigad has spilled a big dollop of mayonnaise behind you, but not to worry I, don't mind that's for later at this one. You need to take another sip of wine. Take a sip of wine. Okay and how are you feeling relax? Okay? Does anybody have a timer, yep, okay, whoa um? Let's go 15 minutes, 15 15 minutes. Is that enough? That's enough! Ask you a question. What was my question? I was gonna. Ask you a question: I forgot anyways, all right, I'm, not important. So let's leave in 5000. I question was: how are you getting this out of your head yeah? That's what I want to do? Well, we have running water and a sink I'm sure we'll figure it out or you were welcome to leave it for more now, if not like bleach. If you leave manis in the hair, your hair falls out. Is there a similar effect? Have you left managing your hair for too long I'm, not sure? That's a very good question: what's the longer? No, the you know, I fell asleep one time drinking, Malbec and I think it was in there for an hour and a half really didn't notice. You know, in effect, what's gonna eventually happen is the whiteness of the mayonnaise. It's gonna go away. It's almost gonna be like an oil right. So that's when your that's. When you really know you should so when the whiteness goes it's time to wash right correct. The important thing, though, too, is that are you doing is that you have to you have to wash your hair twice. If you don't get it out of your hair and you show up for work, you know the next day a your pillow is gonna smell. Like mayonnaise, see everybody at work. What wants to know what smells like egg salad sandwich? Well I thank Zach for for Thank, You Zach, for for putting your your head in the game. We're gonna give this 15 minutes. I'm gonna need to go back and take care of the audio, obviously okay, so and then whoa and then, if you have time we'll go ahead and go back in I, don't know the ED is on a tight schedule. I'm gonna go back into the studio here. One moment well, Zach's the best I called my golden boy. Cuz he's pretty much down for anything now. I have to say that Big Ed we've had a list celebrities in here I've had I've had who are famous people. We've had five minutes, yeah I heard I've had Jack Black I've had I loved had bill burr I've had Andrew yang I've had a you name, it I have never had a guess with such a tight handler as you yeah yeah she's uh she's. Pretty good, though Danielle I love her well, there's a publicist from from TLC the unlearning channel, and she has made absolute sure that we are on time. We have 30 minutes max with you. The certain topics are not discussed and I just have to say that I think Barack Obama probably has a looser lid on top of the menu, though you're a hot commodity, you're worth a lot of money to them. Thank you and I you and- and you know, and I, could see why your gem shadow much I'm so glad we made this happen. I have we have three other interviews after this? That's why we're on such a tight schedule? They wouldn't, let me put manis in your hair. I know and I knew you wanted. The minute I saw your podcasts I'm, like oh, my god anyway. I already knew what you wanted to do and you keep it tight to my chest. I'm like I, know what you thinking truthfully. I did I wanted in Zach's, hair and so I'm very happy with the outcome of this Zach. How are you feeling we have a Wiccan switch to zap nice, pretty good, let's sit down and have a look at you yeah is that is the smell dissipating at all? No, not at all. Okay I hope it does I'm just kidding. It will I promise yeah we're. Currently they did that I'm about once a month, so I dye, my hair and usually I, wait about a day and a half. You know two days and then I'll do the mayonnaise treatment mm-hmm. Well, so when can we? When can we watch you but begin so you'll be able to see me well. They're they're runny repeats like every almost every night, which is kind of cool, but the next episode, which is episode. Three airs Sunday 8:00 Pacific, Standard, Time Sunday on the TLC 90-day fiance before the 90 days airs Sunday night. If you're not watching big Edie fall in love with this beautiful young, Filipino girl and all the drama that will unfold getting shuckin down by her sister, the manis in the hair. Everything I mean it's got it all. Am I right laughs gasps, it's got goofs yeah it does and if I can add one thing so I was body shamed in high school. You know they told me no neck head, you know all of that, and but the funny part that was is I used to work out with all the football players and I actually got stuck in the in the locker room. I got stuck in the neck machine, so it became kind of a funny things. I've, always you got stuck in the neck machine yeah is the neck machine. It's a machine that you did, strengthens your No, so so I was up. I was told that I'm never going the neck machine, but so I was always somewhat of a you know. Teased. You know throughout my life and and the and about 11 years ago, I was doing in home sales and I'm at a client's house and their three-year-old daughter, four-year-old daughter, comes in since next week goes. Hey can I draw you I'm, like sure absolutely so she proceeds to draw a box, you know and which was my body and then arms and legs hanging out and then she'd do another box on top of my on that box with a smile and she showed it to me and I just freaking started laughing, but I kind of realized. At that point she wasn't trying to be mean like she was just. She was telling me. This is how she sees me, which is not a bad thing. So the point of the story is when, when the show's first came out, like the the promos I got a lot of you know, you know body, shaming and making fun of, and it kind of brought me back to my high school days. Well, most recently I've gotten letters as far away as South Africa, gentlemen on the East, Coast, Abe and they're writing. To me saying: look, you know you have you know you have. You know balls of steel. You know you're so open to rub many neighs in your hair on national TV, and you know you're willing to put yourself out there. How do you do it? You know I'm this one guy's, like you know, I, don't want to you know. Sometimes it hurts to breathe and people make fun of me every day. So I just want to give a shout out to Abe and to a Maryland in in in South Africa that you know don't let kfs, which is a syndrome I. Have it's a couple file? Don't let that define who you are you know and be yourself and love yourself for who you are so yeah. So thanks for letting me say that so now now I'm loving, what's happening to me because I'm able to really impact people's lives and the response is now. You know you know pretty good and and I don't really hold the people that make fun of me. I. Don't you know it's just I think if they understood you know how it makes people feel they wouldn't do it. You know. So just you know, keep that in mind, and just you know, let's you know try to love each other more well, a very heartwarming kind message from Big Ed one that's well received here at age, your beautiful who you are. We love you here we immediately fell in love with you, the character, the the the joyous person that you are mayonnaise ballerina the whole shebang. So that's a true story, so we wish you a love. I, think we wish you success and she's very beautiful young girl and I hope that you have a lifetime of love and happiness with her. Thank you so much and thanks for being my friend thanks for report, you know being a fan of me. You know it's, you know now, I can you know I? Can you know 65 million people or 65, hopefully sixty five or six? Yes, yes, five million yeah 65 trillion. People heard that message, and it is because of you guys well I hope to have you back in here again. Yeah I would love it. Let's stay in touch. Okay, I will keep in close touch with your with the Gestapo in the backstage from TLC, she's really sweet. She is, she is a sweetheart she's super nice yeah and you guys are. She did threaten. You know when you're in the bathroom, oh, she I'm sure she's a weapon. You know wait well thanks for letting me know, though she had a well yeah. It's probably for me not for your your she's protecting it. So we look forward to having you again with a quarter watching you and we wish you all the very best, so they good. Thank you. God heard that before. What's that, hey you guys big up bigger, no okay, I, like you call me the goat. What's that that's the greatest of all time greatest they'll go to I love that you know what it meant yeah greatest of all time. It's an acronym big heads go with thinking ago here. Thank you for your your your. This was fun. I had a lot of fun, we're gonna! Do it in this will probably be my favorite interview today. Well, thank you very much. I hope. So this better be yeah. It is you're who you going with you use you can move meet with a bunch of stiffs like what Fox Fox is one of them that Entertainment Tonight there were. She was she's, a big fan of the show, like you guys that was this morning and then I have Access Hollywood. Hmm, you know mah reez Mario is out sick today, so I get to interview somebody else, but I guess I didn't yeah. Maybe they'll have me rub mayonnaise in their hair, I really I know I, wouldn't I would not. I will not cheat on you. Yes, please don't please stay loyal to the okay. Thank you. We are gonna. Just go I, don't know what we're gonna do, because we have to cut here cuz, that's a goodbye to big edge, so we'll figure it out. This is goodbye. We are back. Big Edie has exited the building. What a wonderful time we had, let's throw it to Zak who's, really the one that we all want to know at this point. How long's the man has been in your hair? Is that Oh 15 minutes 15 minutes so you've got the full effect of the moisturizing of the mayo, god I hope so yeah. So tell me: how are you feeling the smell is really starting to get to me and get to you you're feeling nauseous completely? Yes, okay and that's interesting, because you are the mail guy I mean you love mail, yeah and the white disappearing. Like you said yeah, it is yeah I! Don't you want to take white at all? Can you take the the turban or a cap? I? Guess it's still in there a little bit, we still have samanage, but you just look greased up so bad. We can't smell through the camera, yeah I'm sure, that's what everyone's thinking I wish I could smell. That I feel bad. You know, Zach wants to loved mayonnaise and I feel, like we've tortured the poor guy. So much advantage can you silly man enjoy mayonnaise very lightly. Very nice yeah well dance right next to you and he has a mayonnaise aversion dan. How are you doing smell the shadow Dan? The least you could do is smell the shower cab. After when he was first putting it on you, it was that room was disgusting. I saw you dipped out for a minute yeah, but it seems to have dissipated. I, don't know, maybe the he was right. I mean the shower cap. I think it contained it. So you're smelling it, but damn well. Can you smell the shower cap for us for those? Oh, no, no I can't even to make the show just a little more entertaining well. I get two seconds just come on here. Right now, like give me a break, come on he's turning away from Zakir, but even he won't even face it. Well, fair enough! Zak! We thank you for your sacrifice, sacrifice, sacrifice and we have basically a kitchen sink with dish: soap that Zacks gonna attempt a water shampoo from him. Oh, you did well. How do we have my responsible from one of our sponsors? No man escapes shell I. Think that's meant for your pubes, but that'd be great. If you separate shampoo for the pubes, all right well go ahead and wash your hair out Zak. Thank you so much and you know big ad. What a treat I mean, what a character I can't wait to enjoy that that season. You know I've never got close to one of these one of these 90 days. I know people I was so official, so it's already all been filmed so I think what happened is I didn't get total clarity, but is that there, before the 90, exactly that's all been filmed I, don't think she's, because she doesn't even know about his mayonnaise habit. So that means she hasn't yet come over hears that we have no audio, but we can use our imagination. There's no idea. Maybe there is. Is there audio in I'm, not hearing anything? Okay, so Zach? He really has beautiful long black hair. There's a lot of mayonnaise he's getting a lot of soap and Dan is back there with the hand. Can we dad? Is there any way to get audio? Apparently not that's? Okay, so well, we could check back in with Zach as he continues. Okay, who washes hair but yeah they get awesome, did really awesome and um definitely like. He said it takes a lot of courage to go on that show. It's true, you've got a like open up and they they show everything, one insight that was interests. Things I never knew how they met these people as a how does 90 day keep finding these. These unbelievable stories yeah he wrote in mmm-hmm, fascinating and within two hours, I loved that they were like yeah called mine. Oh I hear lots of noise from the bathroom. What is going on back there hold on. Can you tell Dan to get the handheld because I want to be able to hear what's going on there because it sounds brutal like it looks like he can't get the mayonnaise out like it's just sticky or just a microphone just the microphone. So we can hear Zach I am sitting here waiting dead, air dead air, we're trying to figure out how to get audio in. So we can hear from Zach Eva. What is the problem back there with Zach? Is that Manny's not coming out [Music]? He was asking so Zach says the mayonnaise is still in his hair. He says he says the dish is not doing [ __ ] and an eel is here to confirm. You know the mayonnaise, that's it was like really in there I mean it's not coming out being, as Manny's is a lot of fat and oil, and so you can imagine taking all of oil or bacon grease or whatever and just putting it I mean. That is you know what I mean. That's studying easy to get out. Yeah I can see why Edie likes it for the moisturizing properties. Although I did notice, Edie said he has not tried moisturizer when I asked him I don't know if he was kidding or oh yeah. Oh, we have a mic got that the wireless here. Okay, so we've got a mic, so Zeca how's this going for you terrible terrible coming out. I need someone to pour water on just terrible all right, I guess I'll! Do that for you hold on, you could just show them in just show here: I'll get the mic No. So the fact that he's doing this over the kitchen sink is just got to make this also much worse is that right, Zack [Music] go over. There was better because you can really yeah that's good now. How many? How many times have you washed it out Zack? This is working. This is gonna. This is gonna, be really cold. [Music], there's a lot I'd like the base of his neck me right now, you so my golden boy, Mayo, five yeah, you know we're close to getting is much we're, probably going to be able to recommend more shampoo. We just flipped his hair back in my face. That's right, I deserve then getting then the right here get all the way back there like good na Zack. You are the man, that's the man, people ID Dan Dan steppin steppin. What better can you do than put a shower cap on C stand for then, if not, but this Mike is coming to an end here, it looks like the mayonnaise is coming out of sweet young Zach's hair. He, if you have a look over the sink, so I think I. Think we've come to an end here, Zach. So thank you very much, Papa bus. Thank you and Papa bus to you. There's still a little shampoo in your hair phone. To be honest, totally honest, you can see, but right here the it on the other side, but it's pretty good I mean yeah. You're gonna want a shower when you get home anyway, I'm assuming well, how does a hair feel? Does it feel moist? Okay, let me know all right well, thank you jack and thank you Dan and thank you everybody. This is very exciting. I'm gonna give you this Mike Wow Wow excellent Zach, what a legend little big ads acqui! We salute you! Oh my god. It was exciting we're having exciting times here on the h3 podcast. Having like anxiety for Zach I, know fine, he's a strong he's, a dog. This is strong boy, mm-hmm well, I'm very excited to find out. If it worked, you know because there's a lot of hubbub when he was leaning over I got to say his scalp was looking raw. Hmm I! Don't do you think man? Well, that's not good! No! That wouldn't be helpful at all. Well, in the meantime, let's move on, we do have other things to get to today, um or not. We could just wrap it up -. How long we've been going down? Oh because of the disjointed nature, it's hard to say probably about 45 minutes? Okay, well, I has we start, we stopped and started. We said by the end, like I, don't know exactly how long, even so I do have the wiki feed segment that I'm really excited about. Should we do that or say that? But also what are you gonna do before the break? Oh I have a bunch of I have out the whole show planned before the break? Oh yeah, we shut it out of order here a little bit because we had to get Big Ed in there on a very tight schedule. They said you have 30 minutes max and then we have to get out the door and get to Access Hollywood Ethan. You alluded this and in the interview, but I just want to emphasize, for the viewers like Eddie was like the most high value guest we've ever had on. This show like a smart, at least as far as TLC's publicity Department is concerned. Yeah, we've never had anything like that with with the number of celebrities that come through here nobody's been that tightly sealed I mean I'm surprised. We got him in here at all to be frank, with ya yeah. Well, how was she reacting backstage? Well, I was talking to him to tell you the truth. She was laughing a lot. Okay, that's good! Yeah I was worried that she was gonna, be like interrupting and trying to you know. Well, she she originally asked if she could sit in the studio during the interview and I was like no, we don't do that, and and truthfully that there has. That has happened before where someone try to sit in the studio during the interview and it's just it's just it's not good. It's not good in the studio is its own world because it's so distracting when someone is sitting right there watching you yeah yeah, so I insisted that that she sat outside, but it sounds like she had a good time so everyone's at all, good now on to we are bringing back a time held segment that we've abandoned for some reason: I, don't know why, but we're bringing it back to date. Dan will be joining us right now to send the nudes as we like to joke. It's a play on the word news, of course. So without further ado, I welcome to the stage dan police officer, Dede mega doo doo excited. It was fun to reassemble that I had lost the original stinger from two years ago or whatever, and had to rebuild it a little bit so yeah. This is the the h3 news bulletin. Welcome. We got some pretty juicy stories. I wanted to lead today with what is really an update and I kind of feel guilty being the one to present this, because this is um. This is really a in territory more than me, but this is breaking news. You all remember little Uzi vert or little little QD squirt his Ian's name already squirt. You remember his whole thing with the the death cults and his album cover and everything. Well, the album is finally out I'm happy to report. It's called eternal, a top gay mic. You back checked me on that. In you know, this is pronounced a take a take. What is it take? What is it take? It was a word that was in the original slogan from the Heaven's Gate people also he's still known on. Heaven don't mean on Heaven's Gate. Now this is the new album cuz, that's awesome, which yeah that's as if they actually actually made it to right and you'll recall the original plan. Was he just wanted to kind of do this rip up this? Is this? Wasn't the original album cover, but it looked a lot like this. This was the Heaven's Gate logo that it kind of parodied and the surviving members of the Heaven's Gate cult sued him. He tried to fight it saying it was fair use, but it he ended up backing down yeah, and so instead, what he did, which was kind of cool, is just a few days ago on March, 2nd I believe he tweeted three alternative album covers, and he let the fans decide. He did a poll and I gotta, say I think the fans did well I think this is definitely the coolest out of three yeah yeah. Now was just the guy who was tweeting at me to shut my my white mouth that was little a see was beefing with me on Twitter, yes, and it was really seemed like a misunderstanding: if I remember right, we've swapped the beef and the beef was squash yeah. Well, that's good! To hear yeah. Have you heard the new album? Is it good? I listened to some of it and it seemed cool so far, I'm excited to finish it. It only came out this morning literally Wells House is breaking now except breaking news right there. So so congratulations to little cutie squirt continuing on in entertainment, news, our old buddy, Weinstein I, don't know if you heard, but he was found guilty on many, not all, but many of the charges against him and immediately upon being found guilty. He said that he was feeling not well and was taken to the hospital which a lot of people thought was a bunch of Phooey but uh he survived and now he is in Rikers, so good, riddance, Riker writers, arias, one. That is that's the one in the middle of New York, City yeah, that's kind of infamous, so he remains in New York or at least in New York, tur till the end. So congratulations to the city of New York and the word or all your stay. Yeah have fun and finally, in entertainment, news I, don't know if you've heard but William Shatner, aka Captain Kirk course is going through a divorce. Oh No yeah, very sad how old and evie he's way up there. He was pretty old to be doing a divorce. Yeah like at a certain age, I feel like unless you're married to a young wife. Do you know 88 years old how it is a wife, his most recent wife, because he's been married many times his most recent wife is Elizabeth Shatner and she is I'll. Tell you right now. She does not look 88, hmm she's 60, so you know just 28 years. What do you make of that? How long were they married since 2000-2001? It looks like they've been married for just 19 years and she's gonna leave his ass at 88 years old, their separate ways, and so yeah he's going a separate life eternally, probably pretty soon. Maybe, but you know, thankfully, it's not too vicious of a divorce they're going through divorce court and everything and Los Angeles Superior Court just ruled that they I guess he owns four houses, mmm and so those are being split evenly between the two of them. But bill is getting all the horse. Semen, [, __ ] will and we gonna read this headline. William Shatner gets horse semen and divorce settlement, so a person X got Kentucky home. That seems like a bad trade, so I guess he's very into raising racehorses and I. Don't know if you know this but race, the semen of you know. Winning horses is worth a lot of money. You do have an idea. How much like a load of semen goes to to breathe more racehorses, because that you know it's considered if the horse wins a big race, it's considered, like he's, got great genes and so that, if you wanna, you know right. It's very strange with humans too. You know if you go to a sperm bank like they, your IQ and your fitness and your height, your sperm goes for a more premium. You can get my sperm on the on the bargain bargain bin yeah, apparently the American Triple Crown winner American Pharoah Wow, his his sperm. No, no, but I. Just you are asking how much it could cost one insemination from American Pharoah who again won the Triple Crown biggest prize in Beijing $200,000 I'd, be out there jerking that horse off all day, I wonder if he just got a bunch of loads bang I, maybe I mean. Apparently this horse semen was equivalent to a house right, that's awesome! So she got the house he got. He got he got to come there. You go I, wonder if he just has like a bunch of calm and like frozen or something that's what I imagined yeah room for it. You know funny, you got you, milk horses. Are you milk cows, but then he's gonna be kind of milking yeah. You sure it's a very different kind of mellow fascinating. That turns me on hey, also from Kentucky I. Yes, it might [Music] all right moving on from from the world of Hollywood and into the digital realm of entertainment. Here's, and if you guys, saw this- and you know this is obviously very relevant to us, but Tricia posted a video. She is retiring from you to know she's warning to her. How well she says that she no longer which this is actually this lines up with. What she was telling us when she was here last is that she doesn't really make any money from her YouTube anymore and it's more trouble than it's worth and you know she'll be focusing on her other endeavors mmm was flirting yeah all right, but but the YouTube is a strong promotional tool. I mean she wouldn't be a squirter. She is without these right, but maybe you know she's just found, that's her. Oh my god that is well. Trish is gonna, be here with us next week. Well, next Friday, and that's why I decided to bring this up because I mean I, worried at all that she's no she's a friend of the show yeah. She would never see what it is important to note that if you want to apply to be Trish's future husband, you better do it now, because the time is I mean this may well be the deadline yeah. In fact, our deadline is Sunday which we're posting this tomorrow on Saturday, so they watching this on Saturday. This is basically your last shot cast podcast at h3h3 productions. No, that's what it was a podcast at h3h3 productions, calm get it look at that. We got the we got. The lower third it'll say predicate on that's a good question. It's too small to know it's spelled correctly are bullying me: I am NOT bullying you! That's the sound bite, Oh clap those cheeks I am NOT pulling you. You can sound bite that seven I am NOT bullying you, okay, yeah, beautiful and then continuing on with this I am bullying. You are you even listening in so continuing on with the news from the from the digital space? I? Guess you could say. Did you hear about this former faze clan member who fired a weapon? You can't show it. I asked Arielle okay, so we won't show it cuz I was like. Can I is now everything's, so tight, and it's just so it's so obnoxious I go there's a clip of the coronavirus meme. What was it? Oh, the the woman from the CDC licking her fingers, as that can I show this he's like no like that and I say. Oh can I show this guy firing the gun. He says no, okay! Well, we won't show it, but if you want to check it out for yourselves go look up. Soare Karl clip is all over YouTube and twitch yeah. He was just [ __ ] around on his stream on Twitch, and you know trying to act tough with a firearm and it went off shot at handgun loaded handgun on his desk shot his can of jet fuel, which is hilarious. He was then immediately suspended from twitch his clan, like a sore clan dropped him, but the reason I actually brought it up. More so I mean it's hilarious on its own, but then he had to refute a rumor which was going around that his fiance had left him. You know he had tweeted I guess her name is Alicia just so you guys know, at least he and I are still together. I, don't know who decided to start spreading. This most supported thing in my life. She's unbelievably upset for me and still is at least I still have her, where you scroll down and immediately see that the person responsible for that rumor was our old friend keemstar I can't so I would never report anything that wasn't yeah weird. He lost his girlfriend twitch partnership and kick from his team all in one stream, dramaalert so cool. Well, that's that while clearly you're wrong, yeah, you're right I think they did break well he's a serious journalist yeah and how dare you question is credible. Please go after him star when you inevitably go into a sociopathic rage at somebody. Having said something about you right focus it on dan, please announcer! Thank you and finally, moving on to tech news, your favorite company, Apple I'm, sure you have probably heard about this lawsuit. They were nailed on intentionally slowing down their phones as the battery were out. Well, they are going to have to pay up. That's not enough. Half Billy yeah! So not enough money right. It's so much money right! The from that. It looks like that class action would result in iPhone owners getting about 25 dollars, a piece which, when you consider the fact that people you know their phones were slowing down, so they went and bought a new iPhone several time. What do you do it? What do you really do with $25 yeah give us the $25 will fix your battery right. They get the money back and the funny thing is originally when they admitted at Apple offered a discounted battery replacement at $29. How ironic right many people claim they'd already spent hundreds of dollars to buy the new phones. Apple didn't reveal the cause of the problem. They'd known, they could have justified yeah. So it's you know, Apple's rationale for doing this is that as the battery decays and gets older, if they slow down the processor on the phone, the battery life will last, and so you know, they're arguing. This was a conscious decision to improve battery life. Would you rather your phone run slow or last [ __ ]? They pre Clent, they pre. Can that answer 10 years ago. Innovation doesn't happen here exactly well well, yeah I mean again at least they are paying something, it's probably not nearly and what well hopefully, it just doesn't happen anymore. Now that it's out in the open, I guess that's true, it may incentivize them to not do it maybe or maybe they'll just decide, hey, we made way more than five million dollars doing it. So, let's just keep doing by the way, who does that money go to I, always wonder when, like corporations do these super slimy [ __ ] like who gets this money? Oh, it's a class action lots of class action, oh right! So what that means are the lawyers get a fair share of that you get to? Everyone gets 20 bucks and we get 250 jobs for years and finally, in some science news, apparently life will not be ending within the next month. There is a massive asteroid that there was like a little bit of concern could hit us, but we are being reassured- and let me turn that off reassured by NASA that we're all good this asteroid, that is, between 1.1 and 2.5 miles wide. Oh, my goodness, yeah, that's a big boy. It's enough to have to wipe out all life on Earth kind of. Are they gonna show the canoe fullscreen, this video uh sure? Let's have a look here. I think this is a more. This is rod doing about this map. All these dots, though, are all of - droids that are flying around. So, there's a lot of a lot of junk out there Zack are you more afraid of Corona or these asteroid belt Corona mm-hmm, it's probably how's. Your hair feels that yeah yeah, we don't it's up in a ponytail right now or a man bun. Can you feel it, though? Is it like smooth right? It definitely is smooth, it's kind of gritty to tell you the truth. No, no, it's not wet anymore. It's not like can I feel it yeah sure I think we're gonna have to get the real portal on Tuesday. It's not like silky smooth, you know, but it feels fine I, don't feel great. You know, but I think you just you. You know you're yeah he's way more familiar than then we will ever be Wow. Well, thanks for that update, my fingers do smells faintly of mayonnaise. It's like eucalyptus and mayores. So just to wrap this up. We are not gonna die from this Astro, but reading up about this led me to did you know they actually track all of the possible extinction-level events in our future. Now the probability of these you can see is quite low. Like this one, for example, it's uh, you know minus 4 on the scientific scale. So that's you know point what zero zero zero one chance of hitting us, not impossible right, but that's the thing so I mean it's not a huge list, but all of these are giant asteroids that are gonna, fly pretty close to us within the next hundred years, or so only twenty two entries- that's not bad yeah I mean that we know of so are be a lot more outs or most our biggest boy. Here is a two nine, oh seven, five! Well, let's see! Actually this would actually be yeah. This is by far the highest chance this one and it has 62 chances of hitting the earth I see. So what is this percentage here? Well, so I made a figure if you click, it shows it four point: nine percent like an earth impact, that's what I'm saying that one's pretty good one in twenty I, don't like those not impacting when it says between 2095 118, so we've got will be a little bit of time. I will have will have missile a way to you know we'll bump that [ __ ] out of this was the movie with Armageddon Armageddon there well Armageddon actually will send some blacksmiths some oil derrick guys and that's right. I have no problem, no worries yeah, so um, and that that is done. News. That's what's in goes well. Thank you, Dan I think. Usually what I would want to do is end it at this point, but let me just make sure that there's nothing else. I wanted to say here at the bottom of the show last chance for Tricia, podcaster, h3h3 productions, calm, and that's that so thank you Dan and have a terrific weekend. Everybody thank you and see you next week, so you're doing the wrap-up from there. Yes, we're doing the wrong it's. What I I need help closing the show. This whole episode has been yeah. We were kind of off the wall, Stan we're closing the show on them. I think that's the new thing. The news ends and we go all right all right. Well, we'll see you next week. Everybody think. Thank you. Everybody all right, [Music].