Me too hello and welcome everybody to the h3 podcast. Thank you to manscaping and me on DS response. Rex. Today we have the return of the great bill Bert. What's up guys, congratulations, beautiful, baby boy, Louie! Why she's glowing I know she is? She really is. Did she show you pictures I saw yeah. We did the whole thing yeah. It looks like you. Yep. Definitely I think so. Yeah he's a chubby he's chubby. We have that in common good thing for a baby yeah. You know it's the only time in your life. You can be chubby yeah no enjoy it -, it's like when, when those little rolls go away, you know the little sausage links go like my daughter used to have like one right in the middle of her for I was like what is that now she's, all like leaning out mm-hm running around and stuff, but it's all she's hilarious this morning. I did Kimmel the other day and I and I wanted it. Just like I wanted to show something to my wife and she was watching like Muppet Babies this morning, I was like hey. You want to see Dad down, TV she's like no that's the special thing, though no matter how famous no matter who you are kids, you're, just dad well I mean Muppet. Babies is pretty funny. My that's true. I love, my babies. You can't yeah any any kids show that it is empathetic enough to throw like adult. Joe is like some jokes in there for you to just what I always liked about Sesame Street as I got older, and you know- and you know my little brothers or whatever would be watching it right. There was a whole new viewing of it. Like oh man, I got a lot of jokes in here for all the people too, so my well yeah before we get too deep I want. You know that when the guy came in to get the musical instrument- and he asked for some instrument- he goes off you're. One of those walk doing is just like what is he that was even me. There's gonna be in a pain-in-the-ass customer. It was just funny, I, haven't said I, guess I'm good to relive all of these childhood classics as Theodore gets older. Gonna be I'm excited you get to rewash all the Disney films you get to rewatch the Sesame Street's. Was there any of those that were your well, the Sesame Street's, the classic ones. I mean I. You know I was born in 68, so when I first started, watching it three or four, the show was only like three or four years old. It came out the same year. I was born, so I saw all the classics and was Jim Henson doing the voices and the Cookie Monster was eating cookies. I know he went for a while, but then then he came back yeah. This is you know those about feeding cookies. You know, nine people complain now ready, get scare, my god, you know the Cookie Monster can eat cookies. I would have just said why you fat, shaming his name. No, they didn't change his name. The whole thing was just weird: I mean now: it wasn't sort of half paying attention to that, but he's back to like eating cookies or whatever, but it's just shows just been on so long that a lot of people who did the voices have retired or passed on. So it's a little bit different and uh. You know I. Actually we just started watching again and the Morean Lewis is still there. Mr. Hooper obviously is long gone. I didn't see, David a bob on there. It's been a long time no, but it was just crazy like Luis and Maria were living together, my god, but uh-oh still a huge fan. Well, I want to first of all celebrate your new comedy special streaming on Netflix right now, paper tiger, which I had the pleasure of washing so funny. So thank you, I feel like it was just just so. It was just like a such an entertaining wonderful piece of comedy I. Don't I I felt like you weren't trying to be provocative or offend anyone yeah just having fun, yeah and I. Think, like some time anyway, I appreciate well I mean I was in that amazing venue and I had the added nervousness of being in a different country and I going to it was a stupid. Was this a mistake and it was London, but it yeah it ended up being like just was was was a you know, it was a great time and then, like Mike binder, you just did such a great job and healing he watched the hour like like 10 different times. He just kept coming to shows like this guy's crazy, but he knew the hours so well that he knew how to who's at the director. Yes, sorry yeah the director, so so you did how many so is that how it works, where you did a bunch of shows and they cut it up? No, he went to go. See me a bunch of times and I I did like I. Think I did one show Monday and then I did a show Tuesday mmm, it's how it works. So it's kind of weird we're. Usually you just do two and one night and you get the warm up, and then it's usually the second show, and then, when you're, making your edits should just take a little bit here and a little bit by I. Try to do it, you know as much as I can all one show. So it doesn't like you start to notice when you jump back and forth and they're all so I'm, not trying I'm trying as much as possible to show a show that I did not create a show that never happened right, because then it gets to smoothed out through slick and everything like the mistakes and everything are the are the things that give it like. The personality and I love that you left in, like the the part about the mic, you know messing up the continuity because the piece of the microphone why s-- we I looked at it like twice I people, you know when quote and Joe is like I forgot about there was that great, more the women, the women or not heckler, but somebody screamed something from the audience about consent. I was just great yeah when that happens, all the time like people sit there and how they hear. Something is what you're saying and then you're directly attacking them, and it's yeah. It's just such a you know it's just a weird time: yeah. It is a weird time. I've heard you saying that a lot in inner with Joe Rogan's last special with strange time, what which was perfect right, I try to look like I, keep wanting to say strange time, but it was never special. So yeah it is it's just it's bizarre. It's a bizarre time. You know I had this chunk to where I was making fun of that support. The troops, sing and I get like just the conspiracy theories as to why that wasn't in there mmm it was like. Oh, he totally puts it out because his special came out September, 10th and September love. You didn't with the heat. It's like. No, this special was too long and you have and not to mention that night I mean it went well, but it didn't go as great as it always did, and I was like what the [ __ ] happened in that part of the show hmm and what happened was I. Guess the IRA sent a threat that there was a bunch of bombs around London that day, so just a little weird different tone in it and I didn't know what it was uh. Yet nobody told me because I go, don't tell the talent cuz, you don't have to I. Was they do it and they would love that yeah? But nobody did so. I was just sort of confused and I'm, like you know, going it never [ __ ] fails the kills. A hundred percent of the time. Then the night of the special somebody [ __ ], falls off a chair or something so I just sort of plowed through it and but I I recorded at Madison, Square Garden and it's gonna, be you know, be releasing that maybe sometime next year or something like that, I just got the album cover. It's gonna be singing and ass gonna be a double album, it's gonna, be so sick and but that that bits on there. So now that makes it kind of cool I was talking to somebody, that's sort of like my legs Appling, like my hey, hey. What can I do just something that just didn't make the album, but just watching somebody just you know, liking the joke so much that it wasn't there that they then just took this thing and just ran with it I. Just you know, I I was like wow man I. Do that I? Do that all the time so I don't necessarily get like upset with that thing, but the person's watching or whatever that's what happened like we made the decision way before we even knew what the date was, because Netflix doesn't even yeah like they're, just like they don't tell you when it's coming. Yeah they're like the Federal Reserve information and find like a member like okay, what day so yeah so I had nothing to do with that, and in Mike was just going like dude. You know this host special is about you and that that thing there kind of doesn't fit. It's just sort of this aside. So I was like I fought him. I said you know, I, don't think so. I don't I want to keep the whole thing. I want to just have the whole thing. You know typical artists, everything and then, when we took it out, I was just like it just flowed, and then it also you know it was kind of home and it went from like you know. We got our and 20 or something like that down like an hour and five or hour and six and then it just flew I got in I got out it made. You wish it was longer and that's what you want to leave you don't to be like very true I I do I want, there's a lot of calmly specials that if you start to feel the length the direction but like the bet, even want more. That's what you did. Don't worry, you did it. I watched the whole thing with joy and pleasure and when it came where'd the time go on Netflix right now. Why did you do it in a in London two reasons: I'm a huge Led Zeppelin fan and my favorite footage is of them at Royal, Albert, Hall and the first time I played there. You know I. Think I was just a little freaked out that I was standing on that stage, because it really looks the same as that concert footage for most. You know forty five years ago or something and we were just over there and we were like you know: I mean I've done a special in New York I did one in San Francisco. You know I've done them down. South I did one in DC and you know right on the friggin mason-dixon line essentially, and it's just so nowhere now, where do I go now? Where would it be different? In everywhere you go, the crowd has like a different vibe. It's weird like, like the the laughs, sound different stuff that they react to and then so then you have to adjust while you're on stage and then that makes you present. Mmm I find it works for me. So and then the other side was me and Mike binder, smoked cigars and he just wanted to smoke a cigar with me in London. He normally directs, like you, know, major movies, and he just you know, as this one-off was like I'll direct, your special yeah most smoke a cigar after it'll be great and that's how kind of what don't? What everything looked amazing I think yeah. He did, oh, that you know I I, love, hearing that I love yeah. That was definitely something that we took time and you know it's. It's kind of something that I was working towards through all of my specials and I've worked with a lot of great people I'd, you know like the last like two or three I did with Jake Harris and and then this one I'm I've worked. You know Mike binder on on this one and I, don't know them I'm happy with it. Yeah I noticed you I, not that I'm criticizing, because sometimes it works by like it starts you're on stage, there's no intro sketch or anything like that, and then it ends and you're off stages. There's a lot of different things that comedians start doing now, where they're it's kind of putting stuff in the beginning and end. But I hear you made that not just choice to do that night, yeah I've always got too much. [ __ ] I want to say yes other people, though it works yeah. It's just one of those things yeah like you know, and some people joke about this, and some people joke about that. Yeah, like it's sort of the whole thing, so, oh by the way on tour, billboard.com get that out of the way mandalorian. Apparently you can't talk about it, but you I can't say what happens. Okay, you can't say what happens but tell me what you can. Let's, let's say that um I can tell you. It looks sick like everybody else like I've, always been like a sports fan and I I was you know: I didn't grow up on Star Wars, like I kind of by the time, I discovered it was out there. I was more into my Fast Times at Ridgemont High. So do you know teenage years so and they were in the Ewoks at that point, so it just didn't connect yeah and but I did Empire Strikes Back I did like so I, don't know I, just how the hell did it come together. Just over the years are getting to know, Mike binder and working with Vince Vaughn's company on and Peter Billingsley. What f is for family mm-hmm, eventually you're gonna meet John Favreau, which I did and that's how I ended up doing in that episode of his cooking show mm-hmm great a good time. You get alum so much as his business is meeting somebody. It's like I, like this guy, could be on the sell this guy 14 hours a day, 14 sometimes and I was at Mike binders birthday party and John was there he said: hey man, he goes I'm doing the next hours, I wow, that's great, he goes uh. Would you ever want to do like a partner, so Mike and I kind of laughed I was like? Who do you know? I always make fun of those Star Wars I know every time when those movies comes out. You know just to be a dick and you guys know I think it would be funny, because I can be funny of people that listen. Your podcasts actually saw you on that. No no I was this. Like really. My wife was like yes say: yes, Mike Star Wars was like the Magnificent Seven. It was like The Great Escape bridge over the River Kwai Cool Hand Luke. That's what I grew up on those those were, the the movies that I loved and I loved. All of those you know Kelly's heroes. All of that stuff is with the stuff, the Dirty Dozen mm-hmm and all of those that's what I grew up on and that's what I loved and so I I, don't know. I just I didn't understand. This is the magnitude yeah of something like that, because Jon just kept laughing at me goes dude, you don't understand it yeah! It's the booth and I wanted this super creepy thing. Will you just stand there and there's like a zillion like this is just like you know when they go to do the action figure thing like this like or like greater your body right, camera, camera camera camera camera can just give away my DNA yeah yeah. That was weird. So what's the purpose of that to CGI your body like that, seems pretty serious, I, don't know, I, don't know what it is just sort of, let in there and that's kind of what you did it is they make an action figure or something yeah we're gonna get the home I, don't know that was uh. It sounds pretty serious. Let me ask you this: are you know, I'll tell you this, but then I when I went down there, it was Rick Rick family wah is the one who directed it and he just wished. I, don't want to say how he was she about how he was shooting. It was so cool and it was like I mean you saw the trailer. You know yeah super heads on stakes. This is yeah, it's just like was, it was a badass. Was this the craziest shoot you've been on, I mean it doesn't really get crazier budgets and Star Wars? Does it I know it I, don't know like there was a room that they had. I mean I mean yeah. Are you allowed to talk about the technology? Yes, it's like. You walked into the room and then the door closed around you and you were just surrounded by this giant green screen, and then they just projected like all this stuff. The whole world yeah so you'd be talking to somebody. If I move like this, like the background, moved behind, like yeah I heard they had I heard it's, they, the highest budget show ever made right dan. What was the budget on that thing? Like 25 million, is like 15 or 20 mil in episode like more than Game of Thrones I gotta. Tell you this. If you see the tria like he should when he showed me the trailer cuz, you know you're, always you know you're just like this close to it. You don't even know what's going on and also they just give you like your sides for the scene. You don't know what's going on for the most part and then like on my last day. Fortunately, my episode I think was far enough into the season where they had a rough cut of the trailer hmm and he showed it to the whole crew. On that big round thing and the last scene I was doing. I was way up on this I, don't know what the hell it is. Scaffolding type thing so I was standing up there just watching this, the size of a brownstone. You know, rejection of it and I was just saying: that's not that's when I got excited that and I was and I went from like hey. This is pretty cool to like, oh, my god, I can't believe I'm gonna be in this yeah, and but it's funny because I got a bunch of friends of mine who don't care about sports that are totally like nerding out for this thing, so they they were just like Joe DeRosa, who is not into sports at all. Remember years ago he said to me: hey, you know, I yeah. He goes I had drinks with this guy. The other night he's he works for the Yankees. I was just like Joe Torre. You had [ __ ] drinks with Joe. Torre Joe, probably loves everything about so many baseball question yeah. So when he gave me [, __ ] about being in it yeah, you gotta be kidding you're in this [ __ ], with the don't even watch these movies and blah blah blah I was just like Joe. You had drinks with Joe Torre. He was just like that's the universe coming back to me so, but it was it was like. It was really like really fun scenes a lot of lot to go a lot going on and the people other actors that I got to work with it was pretty. It was pretty ha I'm, not gonna. Let he was pretty intense, there's definitely long days like a lot of stuff like that, but it was yeah. I, think it's gonna be I, think it's gonna, be sick. I'm excited I kind of have this. This running theme. If you look at my IMDB page mm-hmm, where I sort of somehow paratroop into these really cool games, but, like I, said Breaking Bad the most accomplished, IMDB yeah without really yeah, that's the thing. I always feel like them. When I get on these things, I won like a radio contest. I, don't even know what the reference is. This tower was it's a place: stormtrooper I, guess: yeah yeah, you nailed it and see you're part of the you're. In now, oh man, I I, you know I was thinking. I was like there's no way that Disney is gonna. Get me to pony up for their premium. I was like there's no way: I'm arts- that's that's the greatest money that they could hide out in that world, but I did a thing one time at comic-con when Breaking Bad had this this 10 year thing and they asked me if I wanted to host it. I was like absolutely totally honored and when I went down there to comic-con, it was just like it was a whole other war Christ and the the kids down there called kids I'm 51. They were like they were really cool, just how like into shows and how much they appreciated there was. A couple of f is for family fans down there. For some reason, we've never done with an animated show. We've never done a comic-con and I, don't like all the writers and Mike Price co-creator of the show. He really wants to do it so I'm, hoping at some point, that'd be great yeah. We get to go down there because you know they they're it's the whole universe. Yeah is you know, there's there's people that grew up reading the comics and I I'm, not I, wasn't into it, but I've heard people describing it like Howard Stern not listened to, and he talks about. He grew up on comics like they were his. You know. Second, dad he was oh yeah. It's like really that ingrained so yeah you're in my siblings were really into him. Yeah comic books, I never quite got into I. Like the drawings me too yeah I read how strong they look at me. That's strong, but I just want to go outside and play I've, never read one, but I had a few just for the drawings yeah there you go the uh. Let me see I wanna I want to talk to you about childbirth, because I know we have that in common. None that we've given birth, yeah, but but the act of being a father's and and mothers in this case, I always hear people saying that the best day of their life was when the child was born. Right, like you're, that that to me was like one of the worst longest stressful days of my life yeah like I, just wanted my wife to be out of pain. Yeah I mean it's, it's it's, it's scary, exactly you I mean Ellis hooked up to like the matrix. Did your wife do the epidural I do I, really don't remember much I was just like you know. You always see these movies were like you know they give birth in the car, and you have so much time you have so much like the water breaks. It's just I had a buddy Maya who's since moved on from running on the show he he was talking about on the first one. They were like John, wick, driving and then the second time they had a kid is sick. My water broke I, go to up landish, watching an episode. I was panicked about that and I was really freaking out about becoming a dad and how my life was gonna change and- and you know it's like one of those you know things were just like. Am I worthy of this hmm and- and one of my friends said that, with the thing that really stuck with me goes through, the craziest thing is the day they discharged you and they give you your baby and you're just sitting there going like like hair, he goes like I can leave with this yeah yeah you'll figure it out. You know, I liken it to buying a gun, I bought a gun and that's exactly the only ever time. I felt that too right, I went and I bought a shotgun to defend my home, hmm and they're like here, you go right, I was like I, couldn't leave I, don't know how to use this [ __ ] thing, but I got the same. Why did you go down to take some lessons? I hope? Yes, I did, but they give you the balls to give you the gun. They're, like god, Bless America I, didn't know that, but the song, those are the only two times. I felt that I think. Oh my baby and taking all my shotgun I had that moment right after delivery when you've finished the whole delivery. Part and they're gonna move you to your own room and we were just the two of us in the room with the baby and the last like everyone was leaving, and then the last nurse was like okay, so your room will be over there and we'll head there, and you guys are done and I was like wait. Wait is anyone gonna tell me anything what's next like again, just naturally like getting her home they're like I, wasn't nervous driving down the highway with her I just wanted to get her home and then get her in the house and then once I had her in the house. I was like terrified to go outside the house with her for a while, like I, remember the first time I actually walked out on the porch with her. My first thought was what, if a bird of prey, how I would kill the bird set her down gently at the same time, like you know, action movie, files that I working out and but I found that it's just it definitely help me at least around the house like manage my emotions and calm down a lot more and understand how much you know my crazy behavior effects. You know I realize how much it was affecting my wife soon. You know having a kid being on. Alright I need to chill the [ __ ] out and stop flipping out over little things. It's not like I yell at people, I just yell about stuff and just being like yeah, like this crazy guy in a bus station. Well, one day when you see your kid looking at you for the first time, processing who you are as a person and it's very embarrassing, yeah just like wow. This is what my wife is print on, to explain me for 10 years and I just thought she was like bitching at me and then I think she just in the special the whole bit I'm. Still thinking about it again stuff about how you're just I don't want to say that you're such a great dad, you nailed it on you, know bringing in the money take the trash out, you got it all nailed down, but the only thing is that you can see she has on me as I would laugh at if it wasn't so true. Instead, I [, __ ] up. So my it's going great, it's going great and then I just [ __ ], I, [, __ ] it up the other day. She goes hey, let's go out and celebrate as a family on your special okay and I. Have a pilot's license and I'm trying to get my instrument rating so I bought. You know, I got all excited. I did like this nerdy computer [ __ ] that I never do I bought a flight, simulator game and I had the yoke Ronal and all of this stuff and I'm going to upload it, and you know everything's going great everything's going great until the last disc, and this happens to me every [, __ ] time and I just was like beside myself and I. Just start off with it's unbelievable. It's just unbelievable I mean how many every [ __ ] time practice. You know you use your cell phone I lose a cellphone. It's just gone cell phone, a [, __ ], Boy Scout fine to bring a tea on the pillow and I just have a ramping up and ramping up and ramping up, and in my head of my Phil, stop it stop it by the time I shut it down, which is way earlier than I. Usually do I had already [ __ ] up the whole day and I had to have the you know. We just wanted to go out as a family and I have I know, I mean what happened the next day. A nanny comes over. It's just like what just hit reset and start over again the whole thing, so we're gonna attempt again today with a lunch, we'll see how that goes so whatever. Well, you you, you I, guess we're tough were uh at that time for a break we're about halfway in so let's throw really or it's been 30 minutes. Thirty minutes, just like the good times we'll be right back, we'll go to break we'll, be right back with the great bill burr today, I am proud and honored to introduce a revolutionary product manscaped. These are guys that specially engineer products for shaving your dick and balls- yes, I said that, right now, if you first of all I almost at this point, have even stopped because I just I cut my shaft and I, don't know why it's I know it's ordered every time. I'm always cutting my shaft when I'm trying to like shave everything down there and it's like it's so and my balls -, and it's so painful, it's more than painful. It's just like you were like I, just cut my dick in my balls and there's like a little blood -. It's like it's just such a [, __ ]. It's like you, don't ever want to see blood near your dick or your balls, but that's why manscaped has come in and let me tell you another problem: I'll [, __, ] I, have my whole life, use my beard trimmer on my pubes that fact, but what amount? So? What else am I supposed to do? You know I usually do before taking a shower. So, okay, now we've got it all figured out right. Did you know I did you know? I did I. Send that what were you did you have anything you never confronted me about it. I was thinking like you described it. What can you do? You take a shower? It's not like I'm walking around with with pubes on my face. You know I shower, but we don't have issues anymore because we've got manscaped. Let me pull this sweet little thing out. This is the one that you used to escape. Look at that fat guard baby to keep those [ __ ], that chef, nice and clean okay right here boy. You need that nice clean clean. Look at this. This is called the plow. This thing is clean. It's safe and I'm telling you this is specially engineered by NASA scientists like how ventas it looks, because sometimes you got to keep it real. Sometimes you get too fancy and then all of a sudden you're cutting your dick and balls and you're bleeding. Oh, let me tell you about this. Manscaped has redesigned the electric trimmer, it's their lawn, mower, 2.0, proprietary, skin, safe technology, so this trimmer won't Nick are nag. You're nuts I'm telling you it's so important. Manscaping accidents are finally a thing of the past and don't use the same trimmer on your face as you're using on your balls they're hitting all the same spots. They know exactly. That's just nasty I couldn't agree more and trust me. My pubes do not smell like a [, __ ], you know loose off spring meadow. Ok, manscaped also has the crop preserver an anti chafing ball deodorant and moisturizer hold the phone crop preserver this? Is it anti chafe, Baldy, odor and moisturizer. Give me a second you already put deodorant on your armpits. Why not put deodorant on yours? The smelliest part of your body amen brother. What is this corrupt, Reviver, toner and refresher? Let's get small, oh my god, if my dick smelled like that, you would never get off it. Get 20% off, plus free shipping, with code h3 at manscaped dot-com always use the right tools for the job. Your balls will thank you, get 20% off and free shipping with code h3 at manscaped dot-com, that's 20% off and free shipping at manscape comm with code h3, all right now, since we're on the topic of dick and balls. Let me let me support them in a different way. Me undo saw breathable, I've been shopping for underwear and it's all awful, like I've used the me undies and I'm like well. What else is out there? There's nothing on par with these me undies in terms of soft breathable fabric. I'll, tell you the problem: I! Have it's the waistband this part here the waist. It's like it feels so coarse and awful on my body. How hard is it me, and these are the only one that's figured out you got to make the waistband soft you got to make it breathable you got to make it all feel good! That's why me undies is the best underwear in the game and if you were already taking the time to clean your dick and balls to make it look and smell great, then you better wrap it up nicely to like a Christmas present. Do you know what I'm saying Gila yeah Allah knows exactly what I'm talking about me undies! It's a micro modal, ever heard of that it's like what was the name of that for Bray me by vibranium. That was like what they used in black panther, that magic [, __ ] from space vibranium bro, it micro, modal's, the same [ __ ]. These guys have sizes extra small to four X L holy 4, XL -, probably go down to the toes dude. Sometimes they get underwear so big. It Peaks out the bottom of my shorts. That's a sexy! Look that I heard you all rock me. Undies has got five new silhouettes with the feel free collection for web man designed for every type of body in mind and a feather white weight waistband. That makes you feel free, undie, exhaustion begone. Where is that a technical on the exhaustion, new prints drop every Tuesday, so you'll never run out of ways to express yourself. Look at listen! Let me just be honest: I'm not expressing myself through my underwear, okay, I'm, wearing this as comfortable as hell. I love the prints yeah, but I'm, not I'm. Not expressing myself reminds me of that scene from the office. Our office we'd, like you, want to express yourself. Don't you, okay, pens, yeah they're cool I mean listen, I'm, listen! I'm! Talking about the underwear itself is fantastic. Plus members get an exclusive print at the beginning of every month. These prints are fun, but they also offer classic color, don't always play by the rules. [ __, ], I included that me and he's just launched white mmm-hmm. They said gasp after Labor Day white underwear, don't wear white underwear, cuz you're gonna get [ __ ] stains all night. It's gonna bear saying: I! Would I would never wear white on door? Don't do it just don't do it to yourself. Mandis has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchase. You get 50% off and free shipping. Oh and guess what there's 100% satisfaction guarantee. So is it the most comfortable breathable best a piece of underwear you've ever tried on you just send it back and you get money back. So that's a frickin hundred percent guaranteed you lose dude. 50% off free shipping, 100% satisfaction guaranteed, go to Mandy's, comm, slash h3! That's me, andis calm, slash, h3, mwah, Cheers! Welcome back everybody! So we're talking about me. Being fat, hey ever lose weight, yeah we're talking about how you're not that fat, but you need to get help three monster I'm giving and you know what right now right now, oh you got the smoothie recipe on my phone you're, getting Saudia recipe all right that one's gonna taste like a chocolate shake. That's the one! Then I'll give you my movie all right. This is from Bill almond milk, I love almond milk ice of ice. There you go! That's it! That's all this banana almond butter yeah. What is maca powder, maca powder? You can get that it like a GNC or something like that. It's like a protein, okay, protein powder and cinnamon yeah. That's it and delicious. It is delicious in it, but it's not gonna send your salt is Nia now could be chasing salt and sugar all day like a junkie. So then you do that and then, in between your your your breakfast and lunch, you just have like like fruit and almonds and stuff like that, and you know, I kind of eat. I have like I had an interest in this, and he gave me all of these meals and I just picked out, like you know three or four of my favorite for each time like lunch and breakfast I'm, not too good with the dinner ones. I got to get back into those, but if you just have like two or three of those you just sort of rotate them and then every once in a while, even if every 3-4 days you just go out like people always try to say you have a cheat day that I have heard, you have a cheat meal. That's what you have you know, because you can you've you [ __, ] up for a whole day, dude that can turn in bad, even go a whole year. If you don't, if you don't understand no cravings and what your body is telling. You like I've, really learned what the diction addiction is just simply doing something that you don't want to be doing like I. Don't want to be doing like me with cigars, like I, didn't want to smoke last night and I did, and it's just like. So there's a form of addiction there. It's like I, wake up like I need a cigar man but I have a problem. I have to address the fact that I have to be driving the ship I mean, like I, said once every two weeks craving. Okay and now you just you, know, I'm sliding off the rails here. So you just have to UM I'd love to quit those [ __ ] things. I really should so that's you know, there's always something, but then it's like I haven't drank in almost a year. Oh really, no yeah, but it's sight like. So then it's just because at the end of the day, you'd like well, what it is is you open Pandora's box where you started getting a buzz mm-hmm? So then you start. You have to stay like straight edge to the point that you don't think, because you know basically for the first 17 years of my life, I was straightedge cuz, you know, I was like I was a baby yeah and then you know I wasn't like, oh god. What a day at the playground I need a drink. You know I mean there was none of that, but then once you get into that world, it's just like you know, there's just so little information about how once you go off on your own, how you have to be your own parent, you have to say it's time to go home. It's time to go. Bed. Let me go to bed, you need an inn like all of a sudden. It's just that overwhelming sense of freedom. If you don't have your parents you're not in school anymore, I, don't have to [ __ ] read ever anymore: I, love cookies, how my [ __ ] box, if I sit here and eat them? No, it's nobody's telling me what to do when you start sitting there. Thinking you're a rebel, and it's just like do you ever feel like when you're like, for example, I, don't I don't enjoy weed I wish I enjoyed weed man. Oh it makes me feel like [, __, ] I, don't know, I, don't even joy drinking. It makes me feel like [, __ ] and then it's like all I have. Are these hamburgers? It's the only job! A lot to live I have a lot to live for no, but I know what I mean like it's like. That's how my cigars are it's exactly it's like look I go! Let me have this one thing yeah, but it's bad, really bad yeah, but I eat a lot of [ __ ], Egg, McMuffins, dude yeah I mean that's. It's the worst [ __ ] way ever to start your day. Guys salt is just gonna, be through the roof. I! Never thought about it like that yeah. It's like flying a [, __ ] plane and you just go straight level. I'm gonna hit that smoothie straight level and boring, and then then I got a green one. A green smoothie! That's great! Now, I! Do it I! Do those I want the green smoothie can I get the green smoothie yeah I'll give you that one I'm also will tell me so: tummy's wanna, zekiel bread, you put a little musty, make no setup a little mustard on it and they just put some spinach leaves on it and then make an egg over easy. Put that on oh of [, __ ], huh yeah, it's up yeah like, but then just don't, salt, the [ __ ] out of the egg cuz. Then you're gonna, wake up! You never thought of I, never thought about the salt as an issue, because others, no [ __, ], calories and salt. No, it's what it does. What it's gonna! It's gonna, it's gonna it's going to the cravings and then your body's just gonna start going like yeah yeah. You know, and the reality is, is you just have to just kind of push through that? It's like 8 to 15 minutes. You just have to push through that row and get to the other side. Yeah drink some water and in start thinking, sane again, and it's like this so much [ __ ], my phone I'm addicted to my phone I, just like on that phone. This is messing with my stuff. You know there's another thing: I did you know: I [, __ ] went out. My family and I was just sitting there. Answering all these emails so so so excited that people liked my special yeah and I was like I was like I. Was there but I? Wasn't there yeah, and it's just like I literally make fun of people like that in my act, it's like the biggest [ __ ] hypocrite ever so we're all hypocrites yeah. But you were mentioning that god when we were when we were on break, you said something: oh, that the McDonald's people are jealous of heroin. Yeah well, I mean I, know I want to say, like literally like something blasphemous and those [ __ ] lunatic sue me, but like well that food companies yeah yeah, like something I'd, read one time really stuck with me that they they looked at hardcore drugs, no and junkies with envy go, and we want people it's case, so they they call it like. We want our food to have a craveability right. That's like I mean one time when they would. They would did this. One team had a bounty. You know if you knock out a player on another team of football team, so rather than saying that he goes if I need to know. If you guys are willing to compete at the level that we need you to compete, there's no one's gonna say like right. Then it's just I mean like just [ __ ]. Try to injure people and I would never say. That's what I want you. We want our food to have a craveability and that's why I like all of that [ __ ] food, that [ __ ]. That's is bad. Like you give me a I start, Oreo cookies and I well, I! Don't that sleeve could be from here to my house. It's like a bender I'm, a food bender yeah. We need, like a sober person, goes no! You take a sip and you're [ __ ] with ice cream. You can't take the pint to the couch right if you just take it and you're coop out what you're gonna have and try to say, and you have to be in the right mindset like okay I'm doing this, at least for me, know what I learned with like booze, which is why I stopped was because I'm not like a addictive in the classic case, but I am like if it's in the house, I'm gonna consume it right. So I don't have the you know: I, don't have any cigars in the house anymore, I kind of have some high-end booze I, just can't throw it out because it cost me so much [, __ ] money, but like I, walk by it now I, don't even see it. It's like it's like books on the shelf. It's like I'm, not reading, though it is kind of a you know. I'm trying to keep staring into my new drug is eight hours sleep which this week doing all this pressing, [ __, ] I haven't really gotten but like there is, there really is yeah eight hours. Sleep is the greatest [ __ ] is the greatest thing ever once you once you have a kid and but I will say, though you know knocking out all your vices. It's the greatest morning, you'll ever have in the worst evenings every single day. Yeah, you know I feel like I'm 15 years younger. This is great and then just you know the day hits you and all the [ __ ] that happens during the day and then there's just always that time, like ah God, you know, and you see beer commercials you, like god that looks delicious. It's all happy and beautiful yeah best [ __ ] thing. That's what I'm saying and like for me. It's a cheeseburger but okay I admit it will kill, and that will kill me well. You know what you just said that and there's a cheeseburger place. I want to try out here that I'm gonna probably go to what is it called I? Don't want it because it's you tell me afterwards, but yeah so see. Here's, where my mind is it's like it's Friday we got it. We got through the week baby. We go out and make them that smooth just just yeah just try it just do there tonight. The choc I want, then do the green one I'd be fine. I'm excited I, won't yeah, but you start eating well, nexif fat has nowhere to hide it. Just doesn't it just it's like it's just over all right. You come back on this show and I'm gonna be skinny and I'm gonna call it the bill. Burr Ethan is no longer fat. No here's a guy I gave you like literally I, just scraped the surface. Okay and what you want to do is get a nutritionist. Do not listen to your listeners. Who's gonna, be these about almond milk. It owns and it's gonna be a zillion things. So yeah. That's why I got a nutritionist, because if you go on and you try to learn yourself on the internet- and you don't know what you're doing just the first like three pages are all dominated by evil food which is like now, you know and then trying to fit. It's like trying to give money to a charity right. A funny. I know that this is a little [ __ ]. How do I know it's just so I think I do need to get a nutritionist angry, but I. You know I try to diet where I got a personal trainer and she's like I. Want you to eat high fat ground beef cheese avocado I was like. Are you sure this is gonna? Make me lose weight that what you mean like it's like the nut will [ __ ] out of [ __ ] like what's your blah I, think that what they do is a lot of those personal trails. What they have is they have down to like a formula how to have you do like a Biggest, Loser weight, drop, hmm and like how to quickly just cut things down and look amazing blah blah I, don't like I? Really, it's not sustainable. Yeah scared, the hell out of me when she was like everything you just sounded like. How is this gonna move through my body, yeah yeah? What is the lubricant? Where is the what is going to get me? Oh drink a stick of butter, raw bacon and Duncan and butter juice. Everything was a lie that you were told. This is either a hundred percent writer I'm going to Jonestown so that might and I don't know anything about that diet. But I found what I've been doing is been working from you, okay, try it out, it's opening a house healthy, reasonable human being diet. Yet if you just like really just you know and and then once you could get yourself into shape, if you just kind of stay on the diet right just stay like cuz I did this like a year ago and I quit drinking and everything I've pretty much you know, I would always go up to like a buck. Ninety and then booked it and I go down to 168 people ago, my god, you look sick and out guys now good, hey I can have a cheeseburger. Then I got the [ __ ] crack. That's that's yeah! So that thing or have a great week and then it's the weekend is like the weekend. Then it's back alright yeah LeBron, I'm, gonna I'm doing it I like it I've, never thought to get it just to help. You out you've made that point three times and he's gonna fire up his end. That's alright! I'm telling ya choose inside you're, right, you're, right, no I know she's right! That's! Okay! But you know you look like you just had a kid I mean come on man, you gotta, do something I wish I was pregnant. I could just lose this way immediately. You know what I mean isn't quite work that way, but the thing is that Yili doesn't understand, and people like okay, I'll shut up. Let's not have a fight here, I'm here, to promote my special I think this is an important point. She doesn't have the fat disease that I have she's like Ethan. What are you just a comes the excuses. Yes, I'm just I believe what we do. I see it isn't I leave with Carter, because you haven't. She I've not heard you this. It's not. You know it's harder, the the crying adults that have to sew together our our clothes in a sweatshop. That's what difficult? Ok you live in America, you don't have to stand in bread lines or anything like that. No, you know something I'm serious. If you look over your shoulder every once in a while you'll see how fortune you are it's just you haven't that what it is is you're, so [, __, ] bogged down by all the mistakes that you've thrown down your [, __ ] pie, hole, okay, yeah I'm, just being blunt here, know that it's hard to get up off the couch. It is it's like the fur. If you haven't tried to touch your toes and forever the first time you do it you're never gonna want to do it again, but it's all just like I remember, seeing this thing about, like addiction was saying that junkies basically will will go through 30 years after 30 years of misery to just avoid one week of Hell. So all you got to do. Is you just got it? You got to get the locomotive going now. What happens is you're gonna? Get it addicted to like I got myself to the point when I'm eating right and everything that if something has too much sugar into him like whoa, what what? What is wrong with that I'm totally like peanut butter, mm-hmm and my whole life I, never noticed that and I used to think. Like. Oh I, just have a sweet tooth. You know what I mean my dad has a sweet tooth. I got it from him. It's like no, he was cooking the meals, everybody! It's like he's, passing on through yeah, here's, the works. Kid tie yourself off bill burr. Ladies and gentlemen, fat shaming me here on my own, show no I'm kidding my place of love. Yeah I know I'm fat, nobody know everybody I'm, the fat, listen you're, not that nice yeah and that's the thing dude. Okay, and this is a little bit of self-loathing cuz. You wear horizontal stripes. Well and look at my gut. Do you see how my gut is like? Like you don't sit like I mean, then you get yourself a masseuse work out all the [ __ ] [, __, ], gristle and crap. You got in your body, it's amazing, then you start stretching stretching stretching and I'm at the age. Now, if I don't do it every three days, like all of a sudden like everything just like tightens up cuz, I'm, older right and it's like I'll, be sitting on the couch watching TV for, like you know what I don't think me in an hour, forty minutes or something, and when I stand up it feels like the first step of the day. You know that first step in the day when you got to Betty, like oh, my god- am I gonna blow out my one for you all old man before you get out of bed in the morning. All right. Take your toes boy, animate your knees all right feel like you know what how long you can stay. Damn! That's that, like fifty to forty seconds, then point it the other way gently go, that's some old mansion, counterclockwise and then clockwise, and that first step to the bathroom with butter I'm doing that right now. But you know you know what I noticed and eally you're not gonna, like the sound of this I was in the shower recently I'm at the fattest I've, been probably my whole life and I realized to see my penis I had to kind of lean over a little bit like oh you're back when you can't see your own penis, mm-hmm I always saw that's felt. That's a little overrated I think your dick should be like a rect at some level cuz. They think [, __, ], well, I'll town, it's inherently not it's gonna lead you to believe me. [Laughter] couple sports fans, yeah I, shouldn't you're, not that bad you're, not that but I'm telling you like you could like you. You actually have the perfect body type for the before and after you're, not like I need surgery and I got flap on this [ __ ]. Nobody has to cut you out of your shed all right. Your shame shed. Were you sitting there I know, that's why I spend my whole day? Do you know? What's the worst thing as far as food that just came out and over I don't know when the last year so I finally noticed them is those those those like bags of M&amp;Ms that you could literally that big enough to feed a horse with you know the same and they say family size. You know people are just getting those on a flight, just just the misery of being on uh, just just like a hundred bags of glory, but he was kind of Eminem's you like classic or peanut butter or the I like the peanut, but ever since they came out with the almond ones, your almond guy yeah, but I like the but I, know I like when I go to the movies. I, always I get the small popcorn and then I get the the yellow M&amp;Ms. That's the ones like you, poor man. You know people do that. Poor people, poor the MS in the popcorn I, don't get that it's the sugar salt, that's the speedball, but they like kobe fatty. It literally is that's what the like I didn't know anything about. You know eating something salty. Then you want some sugar I'd ever do that until I had a fat roommate and he told me about it, he knew buns like do you have any eights, yeah yeah, that's well then, and then ever since he [ __ ] taught me that he taught me. He taught me how to [ __ ] it. What's he saying it, T like how to get high cuz he's like a man. You know how you won't really want a sugar yeah. No, that's! That's the [ __ ] thing like I used to do a bit about that in my act, help all of that [ __ ] like when I was a kid. A candy bar was a candy bar and a [ __ ] ice cream was ice cream right. Okay, fat people who just went over the rails were the one thing like what, if I take this and stick it in that? Okay, then the ice cream rip them off right, but they never sued him because they were so ashamed to waddle up and be like hey. I came up with that [ __ ] that some of my fat friends have done with food. I mean it's. It's like it's not even like mainstream porn. It's like the feds should come in and grab your phone call. Your neighbors that you moved in. You have to tell your neighbors that you moved into that neighborhood. So when they go to their barbecue, they know what the [ __ ] they're in important, but you can um Tony Mann. You can like. Really. If you get a nutritionist, it's everything anything else you would like. You know. If you want to learn something you know. If you learn how to fight you go to like a dojo, and somebody learns how to fight this [ __, ], [, __ ]. We try to figure it out or you talk to somebody at a bar going. You know it's good, you know it's good eat the pistachios with the shells because they are oh yeah. I have to [ __ ]. That I told you is probably wrong because I'm pear I'm trying, but it sounds good. It makes sense. It's all whole I'm gonna shrink the shakes yeah. You know what you want it you do want it. I was gonna, say that I had she'll, probably make it fly. What a duty I would I would not? Maybe you know, oh my god. The whole diet computer sounds like the beginning of a hit. Love song. If you make me a smoothie I was gonna say was a shock to me. The food here, I'm moving from Israel, seeing the food here like breakfast people eat like like okay, eggs and pancake, but it's not just one pancake they'll get like a pile of Pancakes the mayor, weird, like a stick of butter. You just go back, we're a pile. You really inscribe, no they're calling it breakfast yeah the menu wait a minute. What am I doing pancakes, but it it's true. That's that's America to me, they'll, take something and they'll like take it really far, and you know what I call it I call that nap food when I see like pancakes waffles all that [ __ ] with butter and syrup that is nap. Food you're gonna go. Oh my god. This is amazing and you you're lucky, if you don't [, __ ] drive into a tree, your apartment of houses. Wait, you just have to be like conscious of it. I mean in Israel, breakfast is in socks and and and the world is stacked against me, because when I go to the grocery store, when I go wherever, even if I want to go out to eat, it's like all these [ __, ] gotta play me dirty yeah, they're gonna, but you know what it just takes. So listen most like people are starving around the world like that, so the idea they were born in America all right: they can. They got their own issues. Okay, they gonna like a different issues. I know we do like this is like the most prickly you've been on your [ __ ]. This is a big thing. This is it. This is your mom. You know what you're gonna realize a lot of times. You think it's a mountain and all you're doing is stepping up on a curb I'm telling you you just use beautiful yeah. You really think that it's just you did get. You are motivated because that you are motivating me, you know we think much as a dick as I am I root for people. I know I, don't like seeing them well we're nearing an hour. Okay and I. Think we fixed. We daddy, helped me out at all. Well guys we paper tiger for Christ's sake, go watch it on that. Go it's a masterpiece! It's such a fun time, such a great great I've, got to give credit in all the thing and roof. EmiliS is the one that took at that picture of me. [Laughter] yeah warms my heart when that came here afterwards, yeah yeah. Well, you know I hope people see the picture. That would mean that they watched it. They watch the mandalorian Wow Disney Plus actually found a way to make my make me pay for a Disney streaming platform. I, never I'm, not gonna lie to you. Even if I wasn't in that, I would I would be like I think we gotta get I. Think I'm gonna get that right. Well, never always makes everything that he makes I yeah. You know I've always liked and I. Just when I saw this man he's like a total like Star Wars, free yeah, it's so it's it's in guess. It is in good hands. Those Disney guys know to make them money. Huh. Those [, __ ], know how to make a dollar. Well, there's a reason: they've been around forever. Did you ever think that Walt Disney he was making these little mouse cartoons stop that it would become like one of the biggest most powerful corporations in the world like? How did that you know the carousel in Griffith Park. Do you know? Well, you know, you'll know it cuz. You got a kid yeah I, you know got a kid, so you find out where the carousels are, and that was that was originally was in San Diego and then it moved up. They moved it up to Griffith Park, and that was the thing that he wrote on and that gave him the idea of to make Disneyland hmm really cool. Everybody like I do on it and stuff in Hollywood. Blood was like. Oh, is that what that like yeah, you noticed that random people you run into you notice this phenomenon that outside LA everyone shits on LA and inside LA. Nobody well depends on how you're doing in this business again, if you're not doing well in this business, really there's no fake people. You know New York, there's so much realer, there's so honest down there on Wall Street right, it's just more like where you're happy or whatever. But then you can like go to a place and not be happy there and not have to [ __ ] all over it and think that everybody, you know if you're doing stand-up, it's ok, I guess to kind of make jokes about it. But, like you know, that's it's not! It's not a happy way to go through the world like that's. Why I love traveling with New Yorkers, because they come from this giant city and they have such a small time view of the world and if they literally cannot do exactly what they do on their [ __ ] block, they could go to tell you day. It was like we're in Texas. Get some Tex Mex yeah learn how to ride a horse. You shoot a gun, do what they do here. Yeah go see a [, __ ] band I mean find out like it's not like. There's people like people will have fun wherever they're at find out what the [ __ ] they do for fun and then, even if you're not into it, you get that experience but to just sit there. You know like I, just love like I, always stuff going on the road and like people be like wanting to go to like a [, __ ] food chain, the same one. That's like right down the street I get it that maybe if you're lonely or whatever there's familiarity of it, but it's just kind of like you, don't want to try to find out like we yeah. Well, it's a spot yeah. Let's try to go to the spot before Guy Fieri blows it up and is 9,000 people in the line. You know, but I I'm native to SoCal and I didn't know that people talk [ __ ] about LA, till I lived in New York for a year and everybody there. It's like the butt of every joke is Los Angeles and it shocked the hell out of me. I didn't know that there was that that's like really yeah yeah. It shocked the hell. You like that LA has a fight phone. Anybody I grew up here and I. Never well. You didn't grow up, laying the Torah, it's Klaus, so cow whatever, but you know I've been in California. That makes sense. Yeah I was like oh man, everybody hates LA, I love it. They don't even know what they hate a lot of them. Look if you lived here and you hated it then I'll be that guy yeah, but so many people are going out there little plastic plug component people. You know I do love. His plastic surgery is now a plague across the entire Beverly Hills than the LA stereotype. You see it there. No, they get a bad rap. Dude go down to Orange County go to Dallas, go to Miami. Do anything crazy, even like the guys like just it's unbelievable I, think I'm. Now some people take it so far, I mean it must be some kind of like psychological disease because they see themselves not as we see them right. I do I. Think I literally think it's like just like getting tattoos just like into it, because their face start to look like they were like stung by a bee. Do people get tattoos on their face now, I know but like like the face was the Forbidden Zone even like the like, but when I was a kid if he had sleeve tattoos, you know what I mean that means you were like in a biker gang you [, __ ]. Somebody like you were a badass, but even those guys back in the day they didn't [ __ ], with their face. You know, yeah I'd say they want to look pretty in that mug shot right, I feel like it's. It's gun to the extreme, and now it's gonna go like out of fashion. That's my opinion. Yeah I think it the it's better. I, don't want another Ashley's people, maybe, but, like god, damn like this is one famous guy. That's a disease, that's not normal. He was a really good-looking guy. That's the now. Most of these people were really very, very, very beautiful, like he literally looks like he's wearing like a presidential windows president of mass, the Ronald Reagan wonder, does oh I mean this one I mean again I'm, not I'm, not you know everyone's got their issues right, but well, I think with these ones. If you notice they were really attractive when they were younger, and maybe that was a lot of their currency or whatever, and then they just trying that's the great thing about being a [ __ ] for your whole life. Thank you, age great. Would you look great? That's cuz I, look like [ __ ] when I was young but actually she's a hundred and fifty so I, don't know. Maybe we should uh. Maybe she does look good. You know it's. My more of a problem for me is seeing younger people now like this is different, but I feel like now. It's in fashion for young people. My girls, they get all the feelers their lips. It's a shame. Most of those people, you're right, I shouldn't have ever pulled that up. Let's get it listen and let's close this before I, look you little nervous you're, not getting your burgers I'm telling you! You know what I have a feel for yourself this morning for burgers had two hard-boiled eggs and unsweetened oatmeal, not bad yeah. Thank you. It sounds a little sad, a hard-boiled egg is that that's a tough yeah! That's a tough one! Now here's some I heard in a bar was that you you. You want the yolk, because the yolk that's where all the nutrition is in. But then, if you have it hard-boiled you kind of cook the [ __ ] out of the neutral. Don't tell me that I, don't even know. If that's true I can't I literally heard somebody say it and now I'm saying it to you and now you my enjoyment. A heart boil their nutritionists: don't listen to a [, __ ] comedian, fair enough guys bill burr paper tiger Netflix bill, burr, calm, catch him on tour! Mandalorian Disney got us all as usual, those [ __ ]. No one is still my good money. That's about it all. We got to say about that almond, shake drinking machine, yeah, here's the thing probably knew I I would I would start like a journal on what you want to do and happen and write down what you want to accomplish that day, because this [ __ ] in here is [ __ ], that is on a loop, yeah and it'll really easily spin you off. If you really it's like the level of dedication, you know what I mean. That's, why all those shows it so funny where they try to fix a family in one episode, all those self-value need to stop doing this, and you need to stop doing that. Alright, Joe, it's just like I think he just did a dr. Phil. Yes he's one of my favorite, my favorite thing he did recently Kevin Hartz out of the hospital. So he did this thing about when you know talking about old cars, and it's just like I was just going with the foot he starts out. He's like oh I, didn't I, don't know. Kevin Hart I got a big house in an old car and I want to talk about new cars. Really, did you just want to show off how funniest things I saw a comedian do that at a benefit, because it was a bunch of industry there and they saw it. It was like a you know: I get industry move and they came up on stage. You know, I didn't know so-and-so but I. You know I always heard he's like I, don't know: Kevin Hart I'm, like a catchphrase in my house. Now when you don't even what the [ __ ] you all right all right. Thank you very much wish you all the best all good thing and and God's blessings to you and see you next week, yeah we're good I got. We have some smoothie chat to get to so we're gonna wish you guys. I, do appreciate y'all and take care [Music] [Applause].