Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast joined, of course, by why, of course, I mean we have a different guest every week, but it's bobby lee and kalila. This episode is sponsored by draftkings and me undies. How are you guys doing in these strange odd times? Well, you know, living with her is like living with miss hannigan from annie um, she's um, very strict um. I haven't been to a grocery store. I haven't been to a I've been to two gas stations um, I haven't been to a rave and I haven't been to a strip club and I haven't been. I haven't seen my mom. Wait. Hang on one. Second, that's crazy talk! He's a bad son he's a bad son. I have repeatedly asked him check on your mother, make sure that someone sends her a grocery she's 80 years old, you're, a bad son. I text her every day he texts her every day. I text her every day. How long does the text interaction last? Is it like hey? How are you and then you, peace out or literally I I I I can I I can read you some interactions that we have we've had we have it yeah. How long is this conversation? Well, the conversations are like this. So um she'll she'll always send me like some sort of are these memes. Those are um, um they're just quotes, they're quotes so she'll say have a great like a quote. Have a great week ahead. Wishing you all a great week filled with smiles happiness and all the good things in life and then I'll just go. I love you mom, please stay safe out. There don't get covered, but they're all like that. I would just one line. I love you mommy love, you mom. Where is she getting oh good night and she does meet yeah and so kalila? You think that's inadequate communicating with his mother um. I do I'm more of uh um. I don't like pretty talk. I like what are you doing with your hands to help her navigate through a pandy, so my thing is like [Music], the panty so like with my parents because, like I have a fear of them going even to the grocery stores. I make sure that food is always delivered to their door and they have produce and things like that, so they don't. They don't feel the pressure to have to like step out weekly, because they're old, so bobby does kalila like her parents more than you like your your mom ethan ethan, don't be like that. Don't be that don't buy, don't don't swallow! The pill, don't be like that. Okay, all right you're supposed to be on my side, now check it out, bro, I'm always on your side. Thank you, my mother. Even before the pandy okay wore a bts mask right, correct. What's bts it's behind the scenes as a k-pop group, yeah yeah, so she's obsessed with the k-pop groove right and they wear a mask on stage she wore the mask. You know before even the pandemic yeah, so I know that she's wearing a bts mask. Is she wearing a mask, oh because it's for fashion yeah, so when she goes outside she wears like this. It looks like a darth vader like summer mask yeah before the pandemic started. She already had a whole collection of masks. Is it like an asian thing, because I know like asians like the mask? Is that is it just like? No, that's that's! So that's so like you to even ask that um well hold on yeah. Are you saying yes? Yes, yes yeah! Well, it's not! She! My mother is asian, but she's also very eccentric. So, yes, I think she um. It is kind of an asian thing. Yeah you're right does she wear. Can I ask you another question: what does she wear gloves when she drives yeah like michael jackson? What is that? What do you mean? What do you mean? I've just noticed that asian no but asian women wear gloves when they drive, and I just find I swear to god. I mean how would I know that she wears a glove. Otherwise, how would I know that yeah she just um. I don't know why she wears. I don't ask these questions because then you go down a rabbit, hole right, you don't understand, it's called a fashion. You know I mean she'll go into a whole thing, so it's like I just kind of when I look at her because she wears bandanas on her head and funny glasses. She wears like a lot of scarves. It's the ajumma style. The power clashing, like I feel, like the power clashing, was made made wonderful by older korean women. Well, I made her cry in hawaii. Well before the pandemic started. Their last interaction was a giant fight and meltdown in hawaii because he was really upset that about her obsession with bts. So let me, let me explain: okay, wait! Wait! What okay go ahead! Let me explain okay, so there was a time where my mother and I our phones, were linked because she she was on my I because she wanted my itunes right. So we had she. My email was attached to her phone, oh yeah, so all her photos would come down to my photos right and okay, I'm not kidding you. She would screenshot two to three thousand photos of bts a day wait hold on. Are we really talking about bts, the korean pop band? So obsessed really yeah when we gave her a bts stuff for christmas last year? She cried wait. Are you guys with me? No, I swear. I swear to [ __ ]. Well, I have a photo of her wearing a bts mask wait. So she, I can't believe what I'm hearing that your mom is a bts fan. Okay! Well, because I joked about it before and you act like like no wow. Okay, when I met said bts, that's what I meant. Oh wow, okay, yeah, yeah yeah! This is real wow. This is [ __ ] real. This is [ __, ], real wow, okay, okay, so we're in hawaii, right and and she would stay in the hotel room and we would be driving around, and I was with my brother and kalila and I would look at my phone and I'd spend maybe an hour a day erasing. Oh, no, you did 3 000, he has screenshots and I I just snapped- and I was like this- is going to stop it's unhealthy right, so we we raced back to the hotel and my mother sitting on the bed, screenshotting bts and I think she's playing with her old coochie. Oh dude. I know that's what I think I mean that's the only thing. Why else right? Why? Why is she saving all these street shots she's going? Okay, okay and she's, playing with her coochie watching like looking at bts like in my mind, didn't you say like 80, 80 yeah your 80 year old mom is a bts fan. How does that happen? Yeah? I don't know. So what does she do with all these screenshots? I don't well here she makes. This is where I had to play mediator because it was a whole big family meltdown between them. Apparently, she was crying by the time bobby had actually confronted her. She was crying and she was like it sees because I like to make these collages, because I am I'm a super fan, she's army and she's army for sure. What does that mean? Bts army? She is yeah, so she makes collages and then she just saves them on her phone. It's like digital scrapbooking for her to pass the time, because she believes what I'm hearing. How is she 80 and she's so into all this stuff that, like she's, making she's actually a lot more internet savvy than most older people like she's able to navigate? I don't give a [ __ ]. I don't give a [ __ ], stop doing it, stop [ __ ], doing it. Okay, crazy, stop [ __ ] doing it. So so you guys that's what your take was to your mom just stop! So I I walked in. I go daddy. This is gotta. Stop your [ __ ], mind what the [ __ ] is a bts, listen to [, __ ]! You know beethoven, like all people are supposed to listen to like you know, I mean, like you know beatles and she goes and then she [, __ ] starts crying starts crumbling. She takes the blanket of the [ __ ] hotel bed and she covers her body and she goes uh leave me alone. I like what I like and then she was really sad. I think she said this. She started crying with under the blanket she was like. My joy is my joy yeah. My joy is my joy. My joy is my joy and go [. __ ] your joy. You said that yeah yeah, yeah and then kalala was taking a shower and my and then we just sat there and my mom's like underneath a blanket crying. I don't know what the [ __ ] to do right, because I kind of want to do like a you know, like a wwf, just wrestling and slam her body what the [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah, like that's how enraged I was, but then I I'm like. No, I should wait until klyla comes out, kalela comes out and she hugs her and then she made it all better, but I I swear to [ __ ] god, man. Well, it's because him and him and his brother at this point. It's like she was in a corner crying and they just wouldn't relent and then now I realized the root of it all um. I think that, because the bts boys represent a complete opposite of everything bobby is and who he thinks he is. He feels really offended that maybe his mom has this like finally has like a perfect sun's on the screen. Wait opposite in what way kalila! Well, like you know, they're. I mean handsome this guy right here, young and pretty yeah yeah yeah. That's what it is. That's exactly what it is. Does she like how you dress, or does she hate it? Like you made the mullet yeah, I mean yeah [ __ ] dude. What are you doing? That's still not bts bro check it out, bro dude. First of all, this is pandy me. Okay, this is not. This is not civilization. Me civilization me! I I you know I put on the the moisturizer and I put the fancy cologne on and I wear nice clothes, but in when no one's going to see me who gives a [ __ ], I'm seeing you I mean everybody's seeing. I know this is the first time I'm doing this. Okay, you know you have a show so yeah. I think that's what it is. My mom right um is like all the other koreans right that likes. That's they like polished, good, looking, you know, shiny shiny objects and it's like my brother and I are like little pieces of cat [ __ ]. You know I mean we're like little pieces of cat [, __ ]. Next to these shiny objects, and I guess I get [ __ ] offended that you know that. I'm not that in the moment, wow you've. Definitely that's what it is yeah. I think I would be upset too. That's so right right! Thank you, but do you think bobby's uh, maybe bobby's on to something like that? He has some right to be like. Why does she obsess with these perfect little korean dolls and and but like she doesn't want to like? Why does she need her son? She wants to [, __, ] them yeah, sure and and who doesn't yeah? No me too, I would probably [ __ ] them yeah, but she does. She does often say, though, when you ask her like why she likes them and she says I feel like they are my sons. Oh that's [, __ ] up so that ain't right, look, don't clap, don't clap! Well, I feel like we hit it. We just you know what something's [ __ ] up, you don't clap! Yeah right! You don't stand up, give him a standing ovation. You know what I mean so yeah. That's why wow she says she feels like they're, her son yeah. She feels a warmth towards them and a pride as if they were her own son, yeah man, people love bts, it's an incredible phenomenon: how how how uh the whole phenomenon? It's just! It's unbelievable! You know it doesn't do it for me. I don't know. Thank you. I don't say anything bad about them. I'm not gonna, say anything bad because you know about them. Yes, they're able to infiltrate. The army is really uh, a kind of uh a force on their own and they're. Almost like a political force. Really they are they're a governing body, they're part of nato. I actually I love what they've done politically, so I I love bts. No, I love bts. Really, I think they're super talented. Maybe one song wait, give me one song ethan. I I don't think bobby understands quite what the army does at all or what their influence is on even like twitter. And what are you able to do just be careful? My favorite song is dynamite. It just came out two weeks ago. No, I, like all of them it's hard to choose yeah yeah. I like. First of all, I know what the military is all right. I know what an army is all right, because I've seen platoon I've seen saving. So I get what it is. It's an army of people that support you know. I mean bts and number two. I have these dreams about. Bts about you know, do you ever see the human centipede? Yes, yes, yeah, so I have a dream of they're all surgically. You know I mean, oh, you know oh they're, all [, __, ] right right and then they're just kidding through each other. So bobby. Do you ever see yourself? Maybe do you have fantasies about joining bts? No, because I I feel like here's the deal I feel like I've tried. I've tried to carve out my own thing. You know I've worked hard, that's another thing. I think I don't think my mom respects me. Mm-Hmm yeah, that's the thing so I've. You know you know I you know I do game shows. I do podcasts yeah, I do sketch comedy. I do stand up absolutely and she doesn't respect it. You know you know it's like you know, hey you kind of have a face. I just want to know. Do you think his mom respects his profession yeah? But it's a typical. You know asian mom relationship where it's like they. They won't give it up to their own kids. Like god forbid. You show any type of like give your kids any real praise, but but she does respect you and love you and is so grateful for your existence there. She goes no I'll, give you an example. So I was in a movie. I was in a movie. No. I was in a movie like 16 years ago. It was called kicking. It old school and it was a break dancing movie with jamie kennedy. Okay and it was, it was premiere night. There was one theater in arizona where my parents live where it um. You know premiered yeah, you know so my parents went to eight o'clock, show right and my dad called me, and he goes there's nobody here and I go. What do you mean and he goes we in the theater? Nobody here and I go. Oh I'm trying to make me feel bad yeah. So I go oh watch it anyway. He goes if nobody here we don't watch and they left. Oh, my god. They left even your own. They never said yeah. They never saw it. Oh, my god kind of sad, though, because after the whole bts meltdown in hawaii, he was trying to still kind of prove his worth to his mom and so and bts was coming to pasadena before the pandemic happened. Bts was supposed to be in pasadena this summer performing and to try to um wield his power. He said ma. I can get you backstage to bts like this and then her eyes lit up and she was like really kidding me and then, but I know what it was just a flex. It was you know, yeah. Could you really? I called yeah, but you know so um. That's why I haven't really talked to her since hawaii. I text her every day, but I have to say that movie theater anecdote is pretty sad, that must've hurt yeah it it hurt, but you know they're old-school koreans and you know I think I know deep down inside that they're. You know proud of me. I guess maybe you know my dad died, but, like my mom still, you know, I don't think I was just on a game show. I don't think she saw any of them. But um I mean it's fine, it's fine! It reminds me of my dad too. I I get the old school vibe, it's just like it's just so different. Like you yeah, you just have to accept it. Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah. It's the same for me. It's the same for me. I always growing up. I always heard my mom praise just about everybody, except for my sister and I think that um it's even up until today, it's like you only really get the true feeling on a birthday card right once a year. They spill their guts on a birthday party, and you cry you have this moment of like crying, because, oh my god, your mom actually loves you and values you, but for the rest of the year it's a whole lot of pretty epic birthday cards. Is it like a hallmark card that she writes a ton on or is it like a whole yeah see my mom writes a lot. My mom buys a hallmark card and then she just writes happy birthday and then it's all about what's written on the hallmark card, that's why I don't understand that [ __ ] I go. Why does anyone care about cards because it's like I throw them out just sign it yeah, but well. Someone else wrote that right. Yes, yeah! You don't mean that you don't mean it yeah yeah, they probably never even read it. They just probably went to the [ __ ]. You know you know pharmacy or where they got it from yeah they go. This looks colorful and then you wrote happy birthday yeah, but ethan. Does your mom give sprinkle you with love all throughout the year? I don't know, I think I mean yeah, my parents love me, but but like they are eli, you better answer that you can be honest about it. I think they do it's different for me because they're different from my family, he thinks my parents are [. __, ], crazy. No, don't say that [Applause] [Laughter], it's just so different, but um. I I mean they do yeah. They love it they're just weird. They do show it. It's just um. For me, it's different there's a thing: they listen they're listening to this and they live nearby us and they like come over like once a week. Ah so that's nice! So that's nice, but, like ela's, embarrassed to say anything, it's no! It's just that. My mom is very um, affectionate and loving, and my dad was like the opposite. So I grew up with like two polar like my dad was like never said. I love you. Never never anything just like that, and then my mom is like the opposite so and then, when it comes to hispanics, it's just totally different. So I I don't know how to put it in words. You know I don't want to say anything offensive to them. Does ethan say I love you to you. Yes, a lot very effective, yeah yeah. Do you say it to kala, yeah, I'd, say or every day I love you a lot yeah yeah yeah yeah. How are you guys? I don't you guys like with covet and everything you guys healthy. You guys feel strong. I think we feel strong today. I think it was a little bit rocky in the beginning. I think, with a lot of people trying to match up how you're going to approach a pandemic, because I thought I had one plan and he had another plan and we just weren't really lining up with with how we wanted to go about like safety and stuff like that, wow yeah. I'm glad that you guys are on the safe side, because I see so many people who are not- and it's just crazy to me. It's a crazy talk. We all got to do our part, because you know what the [ __ ] did. I agree. I think that those who can do their part and who have the idea yeah exactly yeah, yeah and and the ones because there's so many others who really can't right right and it's like well, let's kind of try and offset the ones who can't by you know I mean I get people that want need that need to survive and then they need to pay bills and they have to go to work. I get all that right, but I don't get like going to a beach party. No, you know I mean I don't get that you know so it's for me. You know I um, you know a lot of people, they don't scoff, but they think that you know you know 200 dead, 200, 000 deaths. You know in the grand scheme of things, isn't isn't a lot all right, but for me it's like, I think, about each and every death. How that affects. You know other people's lives. You know so it's just like if to me it is a lot. It's a [, __ ] lot, who's going to say that she meets a lot dude. You know: uh kovid passed cancer as the number two killer of people in america. Now yeah kills more people than cancer dude yeah. If you imagine 200 000 people in an arena. Just imagine that they're all gone right. I mean that's heavy. That's heavy [, __, ], yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey bobby um. Did you know that you have a 2.86 on wiki feet but yeah? And then I back up what the [ __ ] yeah and I go. Why would you even [ __ ]? Ask me that? No, no, let me say something: okay, all right! I'm not a foot model number one! I'm not a foot model! Point eight! Six! Two point was it two point? Eight six two point: eight, six bobby I'm trying to get your percentage divided by five. So, okay, so it's just over 50! It's like you, know, 50., that's a fail! Babe, okay, yeah! It's embarrassing! I it's okay! Let me say something all right number one! I'm not a foot model number two. I don't give a [ __ ] about my feet. Never have never will right, because those are the the it's like wheels right, right, gilbert, so like your wheels right can be dirty because they're, the ones that are on the ground right, holding up the weight of the [ __ ] car right, yeah, yeah, yeah in your car. You go off dirt, riding right, they go, you know whatever they might do with the car. Okay, but the you know. If you look at someone's car, it's pretty the wheels are pretty dirty yeah right and they don't wash them every day. No wash your tires of your car yeah, but do you no not every day you haven't? Do you not address the nail? I do wash my feet every day, though, why must you you're gonna, get them dirty again. Well, like take a shower every day right! Oh, I do okay, you're right. I do that right and also eat ethan. Can I say something? Okay and and- and I I have- I have foot fungi yes, I know, and I talk about that all the time on people's podcasts. Everyone knows that foot. Fungi, you think, that's hurting your score. That's hurting my score! Yeah! It's the rumor bill because who's taking photos of my feet. If you go there, you can see the photos. There's like 10 of them like there's a lot or you randomly show your foot. Oh here you go. Can you guys see this yeah yeah? Let me see so click around. Oh, okay, can I I can't yeah yeah so like these people who who submit to wikifeet, they are so sharp. They don't miss a thing dude. If you show toe they got it, but I gotta tell you from looking at it. They don't look bad yeah. I don't know why, they're being so harsh thank, I have cute little yellow feet from the sandals bro you're wearing sandals on a talk. Show [Laughter], that's hilarious. I didn't know wikipedia existed when I did that yeah see now you gotta live smarter. Now I know yeah yeah. These guys will get you every time. Okay, so yeah so my feet. Don't look that bad, but you know for me, that's what I got in high school, those grades, yeah, it's just par part. I got all c's in high school. It doesn't make me feel bad yeah, it's consistent, yeah um. What is your? What is yours on wikipedia it's ridiculous? Well, I'm glad you asked here go ahead and pull it up. Whoever did that. I don't know who did that oh yeah go ahead. 5.46 out of 5., I have a beyond perfect score, wow, pretty ridiculous. Look at that beyonce all right! So all right! Okay! So can I ask I honestly I'm being self-conscious about it and I want to ask everyone listening? Okay, what does one do to get a higher score? That's dude! I feel like I feel like it's too late, no go! No! I this is. You want to know how I did that because I just want to go because every time I have a guest on, I bring it up, and I tell all my fans go, give me five stars on wiki feet and then, when I there's people, I don't like like there's this guy keemstar, it was a piece of [ __ ] on youtube. I said: go, give him one star on wiki feed pull up keemstar's wiki feed ian. This is how I get back at people go give bobby lee a five star on wiki feed bobby deserves a five star. You guys yeah they'll make it home listening. You want to see what happens to my enemies, keemstar yeah, one out of five stars. You see what I'm saying: yeah yeah yeah, so so everyone everyone listening to me. I'm gonna do a plea and I'm gonna get emotional. Okay. So and you go ahead right now: okay, so dear fans and dear people, listening, okay, you may not know me, okay, but I'm desperado, I'm in deep panic mode. Please you know my! I think I've been judged because, based on the photos right, I don't think the score equates to that right. So, please, I beg of you, give me a higher score and and it'll make it'll make my pandemic um far more um I'll feel much much better yeah yeah yeah. So please, please help me. Please help me. It does feel good, convincing, yeah yeah it's convincing. Thank you, yeah they'll. Do it so sorry to interrupt a break? Do you remember that bobby you got a break? No, that was a sound bite. You remember the last time you were on you're selling, a really emotional story and then dan interrupted you, because that that's like a meme on our show now, and so we use that sound bite all the time of dan interrupting. You play it again. So sorry to interrupt, we gotta go to break. We play that sound bite. All the time look at. That is that dan right there, the photo. I just saw the picture. I don't know what you're saying oh and then play the other one thanks dan yeah. We play that one all the time there. He is again yeah thanks dan actually do we need to go to break yeah, that's actually true. Okay, we so we're gonna go to break. Do you have anything to say bobby before we go to break? I just said that: okay, no I'm just kidding [Laughter], okay, so sports are finally back. In particular, football is back and draftkings the leader. In one day, fantasy sports is putting you back in the center of this weekend's action, with over 8 million dollars up for grabs across all of their contests. To kick off the season. Draftkings is giving new users a free shot at one million dollar top prize with your first deposit. When you use code h3h3 during sign up get in on the action now they do now in all caps and exclamation. That's why that makes sense. Accurate, I'm just trying to give the I just want to do a good read for them. Draft your lineup now now and feel the sweat like. Never before run every pass. Every run catch means more with a draftking lineup. It's simple! All you do is pick your lineup stay under the salary cap and see how your team stacks up against the competition. Nothing adds to the sweat of watching the game quite like having a shot at a million dollar top prize. Draftking has paid out over billions billions of dollars to winners since 2012, so they know a thing or two about cold hard cash, ela download the draftkings app now and use code h3h3 for a limited time. New users can get a free shot at one million dollar top prize and compete for over 8 million dollars in prizes across all contests. Don't miss this extra special week. One bonus enter code h3h3 to get a free shot at the one million dollar top prize with your first deposit, that's called h3h3. Only if draftkings make it rain baby, a minimum of five dollar deposit is required. Lgbt eligibility restricted, apply, see drifley.com for details. No, I'm gonna I'll read that seriously minimum a five dollar deposit is required. Eligibility uh restrictions apply, see draftking.com for details. You know ela. I saw one leaf on the ground yesterday. You know what that means. It's not summer. I hate summer summer's the worst, especially in la but fall, everybody loves fall, and that means that me andy's got those hot fall. Halloween spooktacular, awesome undies. I still have the summer version after I, just hyped fall. You're gonna show these summer undies they are gonna, have some bomb mother, loving, halloween undies coming up, though, but let me tell you about me undies! More importantly, you know there is a serious shortage of quality underwear in the world. Today you go online. What are you going to find all this crap hanes through the loom? Whatever to this day? I don't know where to buy underwear yeah I mean I'm serious. I've been looking my whole life for good underwear and then it's like really cheap feeling. It's coarse. Sometimes I get this one with the the waistband is super coarse and I get like it just feels horrible. That's where meundies comes in they've got this the softest fabric, the most breathable fabric, these people care about comforting your dick and balls and your vagina. Is it important to the vagina to be in good underwear or is it more like the waist apparently yeah? I don't know I don't have one it all matters, it all matters, take it from a her, a girl, you're right, though it's more about the way. I just don't know, because my dick and balls is very, I need I need space, and, but I I yeah, sometimes I buy underwear and the fabric just feels so cheap and everything every time yeah, that's where me andy's come in. It's made from sustainable natural fiber source from sourced from beechwood called micro. Modal. Excuse me: where did where was this made in outer space? It's alien technology super soft, it's a breathable! It's life, it's a light. It's impossibly cozy and it's seriously comfortable. Everything me undies does is to help you feel truly comfortable from head to toe inside and out [Music], weird in honor of bobby lee, okay, but we I don't know if we talked about whatever never run, don't ever run out of undies with the me undies membership, a subscription that sends new pairs right to your door plus get side site wide savings and exclusive sales. Keep your eyes peeled for their spooky cool halloween prints. Mandy's has a great offer for our listeners for any first time purchase you get 15 percent off and free shipping, it's a no-brainer, especially because they have a 100 satisfaction guarantee. That means, if you don't love these undies as much as we've guaranteed today, you send them back and then a dude will sniff them, and but he'll give you your money back. No, they won't sniff, no sniffing. Do you care if somebody sniffs your underwear after you send it back? I mean what do you care, not really yeah? What do you care? You don't see it. They have a sniffer it's his job. He goes yeah. These were worn. That is all made up and they do not do that. They don't have a sniffer that I'm aware of uh get 15 off your first order. Free shipping and 1 billion percent satisfaction guarantee at meundies.com h3, that's meundies.com h3, so bobby you're, yes, ethan! Are you doing hypnotherapy to quit smoking? Is that right? Well, I did it and um what how many secrets did I have yesterday uh three. I had three yesterday yeah, that's one for a pack a day to three: that's really good! That's pretty good! I have fears of fear. I just I I don't know like. I don't know who this hypnotherapist is. I don't know, look like intake of bobby's like susceptible background. I've also seen the movie old boy, and I just don't. I just think that bobby's gonna freaking have an octopus in his face um one night when I come home and- and you know just do strange things around so so, if I'm understanding you mistrust this person tinkering around in his brain yeah like I, don't think that you just meet someone one day and without them knowing all the things your triggers, whatever he has a long history of trauma, yeah and then just start [ __ ] around and walk taking a walk in his head. I don't like he's a professional yeah, but he doesn't know you we didn't. We didn't go to. We didn't go to home depot and somebody just randomly hey. You want to hypnotize me. No, we [, __ ] went to the best. Is he the best he's the king of all? He looks like lex luthor yeah when therapists are bald right and he wears a scarf around his neck. That's [ __ ], legit yeah right and he didn't do no [ __ ], like ball or a little thing to know. He was not old-school new school new school hypno. He got me in. I went onto a beach in my memory, so he got me all relaxed go to your favorite place. I went to my favorite place right and I and I went to a different. You know a world and I was completely relaxed and, and he was implanting little things in my brain and I think what we don't like kala looks scared because she's like what are we implanting yeah? What little seeds are we planting in your head that we're now watering? He goes. He I was the probably like, kill kalila yeah yeah yeah, exactly bts army, strong yeah. So you know I don't you know I've. I don't know um a thousand hitting up to therapists. I've met maybe two in my life yeah, but from the from this guy compared to the other guy, he looks seems legit. That's true. I think that I'm basing it up because I have. I have an ex-friend who is a hypnotherapist and a reiki healer, and I think that she's absolutely right wait. What is reiki it's? Well, I mean I don't know if I'm going to offend people, but it sounds like [ __ ]. Well, what is it it's like doing like? Oh this [ __ ], where they don't touch you? They don't touch you right, but it like you're supposed to feel hit just yeah. It's it's it's for me. It's just a little bit! Um quacky, but you know, do you think? Oh, do you think the hypnotherapy is quacky? No! No! I don't think I think the guy seems legit. I was basing it off my friend who is a hypnotherapist, and I think that she is so unqualified, right, right, right, right, sort of a disaster of a baby baby baby. You have you have hippie desert friends, they give you crystals and then you take the crystals and you put it to the on the side of the bed. No, no, that's not quacky. No! No! No! I have my best friend is a free diver and she collects these things from the bottom of the ocean and she brings them back from mexico and she gives them as a friend token. Next to the bed like it's going to illuminate like it's going to illuminate and and and it's just a cool, it's like a cool marine cola. Do you believe that the crystal infuses, your being with with some kind of energy, I I I own- zero crystals? There are zero crystals in the shadows. In the whole house, I saw crystals from under water, the underwater crystals, whether they're from the land or underwater they're, still [ __ ] crystals. I [Music]. Let me ask some more questions here. Is the hypnotherapist have credentials? Does he have a degree of any kind? He is the master of all? No, no! No! That's not what I asked okay. Does he have a degree? Okay, listen! I know. I'm not bts okay yeah, so I don't have the maybe there they could get like the grand master of a hypnotherapist right yeah. I can't get I I can get like above average professional professional hypnotherapist. I don't is he is he? Is he a psychologist? Does he have a background in this kind of [ __ ], or is he just some dude who puts on a scarf and he's like? Let's talk about yours, but you want to do it devry and that's a very common hypnotherapy. No, he um. I didn't ask that I didn't go where's your credentials. I think that the george I think her producer found yeah. Where did you find him that doesn't sound that privileged wait? What's his foundation on craigslist, ask him to uh. Ask him to see if he has a degree you can find online yeah yeah does he have if you find a degree and it better be harvard yeah, listen somebody! I am curious, though. What is it like? What is the process of getting uh hypnotized? Is that what you're are you being hypnotized yeah? So the process is this? You know he you close your eyes, he and he said you're on an escalator. Are you laying down yeah? No, I'm in this chair specific. Specifically, he came to your house. No, I did it through zoom. So I was in this chair and I just hit him right. So um he told me to go to an escalator. I went up and then he goes open up a door, a golden door. They opened up the golden door and then he goes now you're wherever your favorite most relaxing places. Mine was a beach in in the philippines, so I went on the beach and then all my friends were there and I laid in the water and then I kind of fell asleep and then, when he said to wake up, I woke up really yeah. So there was like that's really interesting. There was a five-minute gap there, where I don't really remember what he did really, why that's so interesting yeah, so that I'd so what if he was just sitting there in silence, I'm the dum dum dum, but I don't think that's the truth. It sounds like it worked. No, no! No check it ethan ethan check it out. So when he says now wake up, I woke up so that means I was listening the whole time yeah! No, I agree you got hypnotized bro. I don't like so weird to account for five minutes yeah. It seems very rapey yeah yeah like would it me too well? Well, you can zoom right in right. Well, he kind of he kind of like date, raped you a little bit because you black out and then you wake up and you don't remember what happened and he was like. It was all good and you just take it. It's funny that you say that, because you know, when I woke up my [ __ ] didn't hurt right all right, she's, like now think of your [ __ ] bobby walk properly for a couple days, but um. Okay! So excuse me so the point what's wrong. When you do that, I have gerd. I have. I have a gerd disease, gastro uh yeah you've got bird [ __ ]. I just started um, getting it really badly after the whole bts fight. This is actually not even a lie on our plane ride home from hawaii. I just I had to get the um like a barium x-ray and everything like it was it was. It was up to here. All the time yeah my throat is, is super flemy. It's just. I haven't I've had this problem for a long time. I take medicine and stuff um. So is that the only way is that the only thing wrong with you or no other ailments? No, that's just the one! That's most apparent to you right now you cut out there. I said: that's the only one! That's most apparent to you right now. Okay, I have a lot of problems, but do you have do you take psychological meds? I take uh antidepressants. Oh you do, okay, yeah. What about you? What about you bobby? I take um a couple things. I take um a beta blocker and I also take um a high blood blood pressure medication, I'm loaded bean, I'm loaded and that one sleeping med that helps you jerk off. Oh he's, quit he's quit since we last saw you oh really, yeah. I mean my my dick now is like wood. I mean it. I mean there's no feet like a a floating. What they're gone? Oh it's still there. I can see you yeah they're. Still, oh no yeah! I can't see you but um, but there's really not a lot of feeling in my dick now. You know because I don't take medication. Oh that's! So I would think that your sensitivity would increase from stopping it. No, it's kind of like uh, not numb, but like kind of like it's not as because when you take you know I used to take unisom to masturbate and um. We it the the ejaculation was so powerful yeah. It was like you know when david carradine tied his neck to the door association. Okay and you know when kung fu did that. So I don't know why kung fu would need to do that, but kung fu did that and he did and then the lead singer of inexcess did that too yeah what an embarrassing way to die. It must be good. It must be really good, though, because but imagine the cops showing up the cops showing up and you're just yeah. Imagine you're completely naked yeah. You have a like. You know. I mean a rope tied your neck against a doorknob or whatever and your hand is on your penis and you're just a corpse. No, not really are you kink, shaming, a dead guy, because because I will say that he was probably in absolute ecstasy on his way. Yeah his face is like did you guys? Did you guys ever make love when bobby was on a unison? Well yeah? That was one of his stipulations. He wouldn't do it without the units- oh, my goodness, so how's your love life. Now that he's off that stuff. Well, can I tell you what you did the other day? Let me see hold on which part not virgin blake. No, unfortunately, the other one um, the other one yeah, because we've never said this before I want [Music], she has a crush. She has a. She has a crush on somebody, a celebrity, a celebrity, not someone. She knows in person. What's his first name, edgar ramirez ramirez, all right! So can you pull up a picture ian? I want to see who or two were fantasizing about. Is it one of the bts guys pull up taeyeon all right? Let's see who we got here. Oh interesting, rug, ed, yeah, yeah, white, yeah, no he's uh he's he's mexican he's mexican. Oh, he is yeah, oh so so I so we're she was um. I was still offended by that, but you know what are you gonna do? I would just I mean I would just accept the uh. You just gotta ride the hip. You gotta ride it. You asked for it. So let me ask you this: when you asked, were you kind of you were? It was almost like a bluff right or she's like you were scared that she was gonna go crazy for for that, guy edgar? No, I was. It was a curiosity right. It was like, let's see if it's different, if I was edgar ramirez right, but the shock of the, but the shock of you know realizing that you didn't mean that she would have blown edgar ramirez so much better than she normally does. Well, it's just some. It's like a one-time passion. I think if she was [ __ ], edgar ramirez, for you know, however long you guys been together, you'd probably be getting the he'd be getting a regular blow job as well bobby yeah. Imagine edgar ramirez, saying like imagine, I'm bobby lee right. Then you take the dick out or not yeah. I think it's just uh, but who was the other one? You guys were mentioning what was the other one yeah? We cannot talk about virgin play. Oh man, all right. You can't do me like that. Well, hey I'm fine with it. It just hurts! So it's like! I don't! We don't want to hear on the internet right when we talk about people, don't like the fact that I'm with her really why yeah yeah yeah, because people will go she's only with you, I'd still read it every day. On comments, yeah, that's [, __ ]! You guys have been with you for your money. You know what I mean: oh my god, you're ugly and she's. Pretty so get you know, hey wise up! Bro and people will just say that, and it's like it hurts my feelings, yeah. So pretty your feelings, I mean like completely just like [ __ ] ev, my entire life, before knowing you like [ __, ], everything or whoever I was before him. It's all. I've just been reduced to that. Well, let me just say that um, I can't believe are still yeah. Sorry, our dogs are going crazy hold on. I don't know why people can't accept that bobby would have a a beautiful, loving, uh girlfriend I mean bobby. First of all, you have a lot going for you. I mean thank you. I really do I'm not I'm not trying to I'm not trying to be a nice guy, you're, talented you're. Funny I mean sure you have a tiny penis, but like people look past that, thank you I'm just kidding. I don't know how big your penis is, but for me it's especially weird because you guys even have a podcast together, you can see your interactions yeah. You can see that it's a real relationship with lots of complexity, and you know the real deal. I don't know what what is there to even like, but it was, I think, people act as if she was the first girl I've ever had right. I've been with right. I've been with a lot of attractive women, some not as attractive as her right, but no but super hot there's. No I've never seen a picture of his ex where I was like. Oh my god, so my point is: is that, like that's the the game that papa plays right so does that cause trouble in your guys relationship? The people are always questioning the nature of your guys's love for each other. No, I think that if, if it were to ever cause trouble, it's mostly just me probably feeling bad about it. In the beginning, yeah then maybe like trying to figure out um how to yeah how to not um absorb that kind of you know abuse from the internet and stuff, but if we figured it out- and we don't talk about it, so you know why the question is: why did I get into stand-up? What drove me right and at the when I was 23 years old, I couldn't date any women, because I was so shy. I looked the way I did right. I didn't really have great social skills. I had no confidence right, so I started doing stand-up and that what that did? It didn't change my physical appearance right, but it changed the way I felt about myself and that's. I think what you know got me to be with women, but the whole reason why I'm doing the I think at the end of the day, um, you know I do entertainment, because so that I can feel more confident and so that I can, you know, attract people around me and just to live a bigger life, so that has everything to do with it. Now, if I, if I looked the way I did, I didn't have the confidence that I did and I didn't have a great job and I was had low self-esteem that I could understand in that situation. Right, right, yeah, yeah and, and you know it's kind of uh. We have a very similar. We had a very similar upbringing like a lot of um when, when bobby- and I first met it- was like reuniting with an old friend that feeling of like wait, like you understand me completely, and I don't know why or how, but it felt immediately like there was something there and we had so much to talk about, and I just uh um. I was immediately attracted to all of it in in the same, in the same way, you know whatever he felt for me was way way beyond you know, just like the physical nature of it. I mean and also like to be fair. I've always liked rotund guys. Sorry, that's always what guys I've always liked. You know pear-shaped. I've always liked trouble wait. What was the first word of the word? Oh okay, I've never heard that ila also likes wrote on men. I don't know road time. It sounds funny, though yeah I mean when you're, when you're making love to ethan. Do you feel like what the [ __ ]? Am I doing with this guy or no yeah all every day? No, but I I I like what you said because I feel like people just like they narrow down the whole thing so much to like just looks that it's so stupid, like you're, not just attracted to how a person looks. I don't know I said well, are you I no well especially women like what you do with your life is attractive. You know how you carry yourself if you're, if you're creative in your life, I'm find that attractive. You know it's it's a lot of things and if I'm just gonna date, a beautiful guy, it can be a dum-dum and a shallow person, and I'm not gonna, be attracted to him. Your life's gonna suck yeah. It's not like it's, not just that, like you're, beautiful or not, and therefore you should date a beautiful person or not. I think a lot of guys miss that that, first of all, really great a lot of really great women out there. The looks and all that stuff is not the number one thing they're looking for in men and I have like yeah, I have 50 pounds of fat on the table as I'm talking, yeah yeah me too me too, so um so yeah. I think a lot of guys have confidence issues because they're, like I'm, not perfect, I don't have a perfect beautiful face and body, but I mean you know that shouldn't slow you down and then I I'm attracted to what I'm attracted to I'm sorry. You know I mean no. Did god make me to go out with a four foot. Two vietnamese girl named ting ting, maybe right, but but I just you know I I found her to be beautiful right and then, when we, when I found out about you, know her point of view about life and her heart and how she is and how she treats people that added. That was like everything. If guys tell me about virgin blake we're getting away from the topic here and I didn't forget, I literally thought that we were away. No, no, no, oh you're, a good one, no all right! Ah who's, the ver is blake okay. So I had to ask my therapist this beforehand, because I was like look like does: does the kink that we're into at all represent who we are as people and she was like? Absolutely not you could be. You could have like murderous fantasies in bed, and that has nothing to do with who you are outside of sex. So I was like okay cool because virgin blake he's of of age. By the way he just happens to be a virgin when bobby becomes a virgin blake. It basically takes like it takes me three I mean, because how long have you guys been together again, like uh, we got married in 2012, so eight almost eight years, so we're at almost eight years more like 13 years, wow, that's way long baby! No, do you guys um? I want a baby now yeah we talked about it. The last time we were on there yeah, but still we're still doing that, but um how? How has it been now with the baby? It's good. Can you talk now? Can you talk now he's starting to talk, he's he's saying a lot of words he's not talking but he's saying a lot of words, but he understands a lot yeah. He really understands a lot yeah. He he like I'll say. Can you go, show that to dad and then he'll actually go? Do it like or I'll say, spit it out? This is what I say to him. A lot now spit it out because he just picks it up off the ground dog food. He loves eating dog food. Oh so he goes spit it out and he goes. Has your sleep been affected by it? No we're rich. We have help, I mean just being honest with you, but it's because I just want to be honest. Okay, it's hard for sure, even with help. Yes, but I just need to be honest, like everybody who has like some measure of success and money, they talk about having kids, they all have night nurses yeah, they have people. Well, we don't have at the beginning. We don't have anything it's, but we have a nanny that comes in the morning. Very early he's sleep trained, so he sleeps through the night, so we're pretty lucky in that way. Yeah he sleeps really good. He almost never wakes up in the middle of the night. We don't have somebody here during that time, but but he he sleeps through the night, he's a he's a little champion but um. We both work. So during the day we have to have help the first, the first um six months. It was the was the toughest it's really crazy, the first six months, but after that, if they are sleep trained, if you get like a really good uh uh, how do you call it a nurse? Well, what do you call the baby doula a doula to come and help you with the night train the night, training and stuff? Then then it's then it gets. It's not bad, you know, but what it really was just the the ultimate thing about it is just having a schedule, so I never thought we could do it because we don't have a schedule ourselves like we're all over the place, all the time yeah with him. We just have to have a schedule so we're doing it and like you immediately see how good it is when you do it. So that's why we're keeping it like. You have to do everything at like in the evening at the same way dinner at 5, 30, let's say and then bat and then this and that- and he just follows it, and he knows okay, we're going to sleep now. So, oh, so I can't sleep at like five in the morning, like I normally do. Well, you ca. I mean we're trying to work on that. I have the same problem yeah because I I can't fall asleep before like three and so I wake up really late. But the thing is that we have a nurse that comes really early in the morning on the weekends, though we don't have a nurse. I prefer it that way, because I want to be forced to spend the time with them, and so I do feel like [ __ ] all the time and my sleep cycle is super [ __ ] up, but but obviously no you don't want to I mean you don't want to sleep till you want to go to sleep at 5am. When you have a kid, I mean you'll, look like a [ __, ] psycho, your kid's gonna, think that's normal behavior and that's a problem that I have because I'm really trying hard to adjust my sleep schedule now, because I don't want theodore to grow up what the expectations are sleeping, yeah exactly, but I think I'm depressed and I have all kinds of issues that I'm trying to work through right now so see. That's what I think kids gonna do, but but I'm afraid that it's not gonna do what I think it's to do, but what I think it's going to do it's going to curb some of my um, the habits that I have you know like number one. I think that it's going to make me completely quit smoking number two. It's going to make me not play video games as much number three. It's gonna motivate me to like do more in my career. You know me more proactive. Well, I would I think it's gonna yeah go ahead. Sorry to cut you off. I thought you were done. I am done. I am [ __ ] done it's hard on these zoom calls uh yeah, I wouldn't I wouldn't I would have a. I wouldn't expect the kid to change bad habits. You know what I mean you kind of have to like be in a good place. Then have the kid because I feel like beat me to it. I I feel, like the kid, can even exhaus exacerbate bad habits, because it's so stressful, so hard at the beginning and- and you have to be at your best to handle it because it is so hard, but at the same time I I see your point. It may help in some sense yeah, yeah yeah. You do have to follow his schedule. You do have to be consistent there for him, and it's going to be the most important thing for you, so you're going to have to do that. You know yeah, I I I know this about myself. I know once I see the baby there's just no way for me not to be affected by it yeah. I know that I'm gonna have a cosmic experience from it, yeah that I know for sure yeah right. So I just know that I'm gonna look at this baby and because I you know, the reason why I I can stay sober for big chunks of time is because of the fact that, like you know, at the end of the day it's based on, I want to be present for my mom, my brother and kalylah right. So I just know that extreme things like that. Do change me mm-hmm right, so I I beg to differ, but they have a really different, like it's basically like if you're, if, if you want you're about to go into a situation like they said, is like super different and on top of that super stressful and all those escapist habits that you already have to get out of difficult situations right aren't going to disappear when a difficult situation presents itself, you might even there's a possibility, like ela said that it could be exacerbated if, if the baby's crying I'm not going to go, I'm going to go play warzone for five minutes yeah, I'm not gonna. Do that either because I'm going to look at the baby and go I want I want, I want to be alive for the baby I want. I want to experience, and I want to be there I think bobby would make. I think bob would be a great person, a great parent. I think you should have kids, I'm not saying look. I know we said that last time to you guys and yeah, I think that you guys would be great parents. I don't want to give the wrong impression. I think you guys are in a great spot. I think you guys are in a loving relationship. You guys are in a great financial situation. You still have nine months to work on yourself. Yeah the clock starts, the clock does start. No, I think you'd be a great dad bobby and uh, and even if you're, not a perfect dad that kid is still gonna be happy and in a good home and you're not gonna, be a perfect dad. Nobody is a perfect parent. There's no such thing, but you know I'm not going to do what my dad did. My dad would beat me yeah right yeah. My dad beat my mom right. I want to correct some of that thing. Yeah you're, going to be a great dad all right. Thank you going to be a great guy. We can move on, but I don't like the accusations. No, I didn't. I didn't mean to calm down on you. It sounded like that. Yeah you'd be a great dad. Thank you. That's all. I wanted to hear yeah yeah yeah. Why don't you just say? I'm going to be a great dad and let's move on, but just so you know we're still trying to work on it. Ethan still stays up too late, we're still we're working on it, though it might take time. It's like a big adjustment. We've. Never, I think we're doing a good job, though yeah yeah he's happy he's very happy. Yeah he's a great guy. What do you guys fight about like in this pandemic? What is the thing that, like you, guys, fight about um um, sometimes uh? Well, we used to fight about food a lot, but not so much anymore. We don't fight that. Much honestly, to be honest, ila got mad. Eva gets mad at me. Sometimes when I tweet stuff, that's that's the one thing that I can think of. She doesn't like sometimes I'll make tweets. She doesn't like and then she'll get mad at me like a political tweet or something yeah is the same way: okay with the political ones. Actually, it's more the drama ones yeah. She doesn't. She gets mad when I tweet stuff. Do you respond to because you know I every once in a while I'll, like I'll, break down and I'll respond to a negative comment or a tw or or a direct message or something like somebody will say something like um, you know: hey dude, stop doing podcasting you're bad at it and- and you know sometimes I can look at something like that and go. Let it go. Let it go, let it go, let it go right, but every once in a while go! Oh! Is that why so this many people? Listen, you [, __ ]! You know like I'll, go crazy right. Do you respond to stuff like that? Well, well I just no, but those comments do make me sad, and so I just don't read comments for the most part. Ah, that I should do that, but generally no, I wouldn't respond to it because I just feel I just feel bad and then move on yeah. I used to yeah I used to. I just know that um it's not going to accomplish anything and that person's just going to get attention that they want and there's not you can't. You can't on you can't never convince these people that you're good enough. You know what I mean right: yeah, they're, gonna hate you, no matter what you say and do forever right, yeah, but mike. My question, though, is why you know: okay, there are things there are people and music musical bands and things that I don't like right. There are actors that I just find not that kind of annoying me right, but and they seem to all work and all that stuff and I'm not going to name who those people I don't hurt their feelings, but in no. Why would I go out of my way to say: hey man, just let you know you suck like. I would never do that. No, I wouldn't naughty everybody. Why do people do that? I'm really not sure. I think, because they're honestly, I would never do that. I don't think I know anyone that would do that. The only way that I can imagine is that they're very uh hurt they're, very bitter and jealous and mad that their life sucks. I mean that's really the only explanation, but it doesn't make it hurt any less. No yeah yeah yeah. No, but but it's true I mean nobody else, would leave that comment unless they were just bitterly unhappy with their life. Yeah yeah. It's not personal, is what you're saying I don't know it's. Never it's not personal and they're. Only saying it because they're, like my life, [, __, ], sucks and your life rules, so you wouldn't. They think that you would never in a million years, be offended or care about what they say. Yeah, because they see you as some invincible person. You know what I mean yeah. You know it's it's funny, because um- and this is the honest truth- and it's not really that humorous, but you know I've been kind of thinking to myself. Do I feel the same about myself and the same way about life that that I that I did felt 30 years ago and I feel the same way like you know it's like you know, yeah I've had these last five years. I've had some success and this has been an incredible pandemic for me. I'm getting a lot of work for some reason. You know I assume the worst. I thought like, oh for the next, whenever until they have vaccine, I'm not going to work or nothing's going to be happening, but you know I'm still getting calls. You know you know I sold a show. You know congratulations on uh to abc, so I'm very awesome excited about that and there's like a lot of other good things happening in my life, but at the end of the day, it's like. I still feel like the piece of [ __ ] that I did 30 years ago right. So I just don't think that it's weird like I don't feel different or you know about myself or you know what do you say 30 years ago? How? How do you mean like in like does success affect happiness? That kind of no, because I I just feel like you know, people go people tweet at me or they say negative things like look at this guy. This guy, you know shouldn't be killing it or sh. You know I mean, or why can't I be you know, but I just want to tell these people that listen. I still feel like a piece of [ __, ] yeah. We all you know, that's the thing yeah yeah, I I don't feel different than you, I'm not a god. I'm like you cannot harm me mortals, yeah yeah. I don't that hurts my feelings. Yeah yeah yeah! I get I'm as sensitive. You uh! I have you, know depressive depressing days yeah. You know, I'm self-conscious, you know, there's all these things that never really went away. You know I'm the same guy right, but then people like attack me like I'm as if I'm supposed to be here when I'm always I've always been here. You know it's just an odd psychological thing that I have to do yeah. I think I I think I've I've been through that that cycle too. Honestly, the only solution I've ever found- that's had any success for me is just you have to really just not engage or read in the comments, because you know what it is. It's like people talking about you and you eavesdropping on a conversation about you. It's like a conversation, you're not meant to be a part of or to know even what people are saying in the real world. Let's say you go to high school and there's 5 000 people at your high school you're, not supposed to know what every single person in that high school says about you in every conversation right you go crazy and also what they would say behind your back. They want to say to your face and they may not even mean, let's be honest right, that's what I mean like. Sometimes you can be really mean when you're just talking like to someone else, but you don't mean you talk to that person. You would never say that to their face. You ever done that, where you talk [, __ ] about someone and then afterwards you're like I don't mean that at all I, like that person yeah, you know what I mean yeah. I do it all the time. That's a really good way to frame that good way to frame it. So you have like I've even said things like you know I to somebody just to if somebody says I like this movie and I'll go that movie sucks, but I've seen the movie 50 times the director of that movie. You'd, probably be like dude big fan, yeah, oh yeah, all right love that movie well. I've also said good things about people, but I don't even mean it. Oh, no, that's not good! No, but I I'm a big fan and I go. I hate that guy okay, but but so like the point is right. Yeah. The point is, I don't want to name the person, but I remember being on the paramount lot- and I saw oh, my god- here's this jackass, you know I [ __ ] hate this guy right and I went I'm a big fan. I think I had to do tears in my eyes. You know what he said. He goes. He goes um thanks and he just kind of like did and then I went. Oh, I hit it even more so, but the point is that these are not. These aren't really real reflections of people's hearts and souls, and so the only you can't really live your life sanely and reading all this [ __ ] about yourself. You just have to put out your thing uh. I do find that when I don't look at anything, I am happier it's just that simple, because just don't look at anything and I'm walking around in my daily and I'm happier yeah, you don't care and when I do stop and look at this [ __ ], it makes me feel bad every time because look all you can do. Is you put you do your thing? You have the people in your immediate life in that room with you now you let's say you do an episode of podcast you're like that was good. I felt good. That was a fun episode, so you put it out and you leave with that feeling or you say you say that podcast uh, we could have improved on these things, but you know it's not that serious you just like mental note. We can improve on that. You walk out. You live your life, you know. If you go to the comments, it will ruin your [ __ ] day and by the way it will pollute the actual productive thoughts you had about it in either case right. You're, like I'm, going on my day and have a good day they're like not [, __ ], you, your day's real, even have a podcast yeah yeah, wait, that's the thoughts! You're gonna end up with yeah. Let's say you have a bad podcast and then of course, everybody's just talking about this one awkward moment, they're gonna amplify it and make it a million times worse. You know already in your mind that oh that's something I can work on and prove but they're going to ruin your whole [ __ ] year. So you like how much better off. Would you be not even knowing that conversation's happening, you're right, you're, right, you're, right, you're, right, that's going to stop doing that like sometimes I fish for it and it's not yeah, of course yeah. We all do yeah! Now. Let me ask you guys: what do you guys do because I want to comment on political things, but I don't I don't. I do I'm not I'm not going to tell people what I am politically right now I don't want to get into it but but like, but when I'm on, I literally will read something and I'll go out of my mind. I can't [ __ ], believe it I feel like we used to be like that. We used to try to stay out of politics and I'm I just grew tired of that. It felt like genuine we're not fully expressing ourselves and I'd. Rather, I enjoy listening to people. I like talk about politics, and then I figured why? Wouldn't we just talk about what we are thinking right now? You know so, first of all, it's not for everyone and I'll warn you. If you do there's so many people online, especially that will [ __ ] hate your guts for it. That's why we stopped doing it. That's why we stopped doing it yeah. This guy is also as utter hate, but it is really coming from a political place. Sometimes you know, what's that, once I got uh, I'm not even really political, but let's say once I started being more outspoken with my political thoughts. There was like a huge [ __ ], concerted effort from like right lane right influencing things, and it comes in all kinds of word. First of all, you get people who are just mad at you in the comments and but but yeah you're gonna get [, __ ] for it, but in my case I I feel, like my whole, schtick has always been calling out [, __ ], where I see it and so one of my for me. It felt hypocritical to just look away and not be true to myself in that regard. Right so like yeah, it's risky and it's gonna. It can cause you a lot of [ __ ], and it's true what people say. You know it's everywhere. People say that it's everywhere. Why do I need to see it here whatever? I think that the reason we um, I I at least hesitate- or I tell you, let's not speak on something- is because we're not as versed as you guys. We don't find ourselves, I'm not bright enough. I'm not bright enough to defend my position me too. That's the problem, I'm not either not either yeah. No, I know exactly what you mean, and so there are certain times when I get into it and I'm like I'm honestly, I don't I don't know what I'm talking about, but here's a is it possible that nobody knows what they're talking about yeah very impossible, so people are just better at sounding because who can even figure out what the [ __ ] is going on in this world? I mean what is really happening. You know yeah. I can just tell from my personal perspective as a listener to other people. When there's a person I like, and then they talk about politics. I like listening to them, talk about it because I like this person and I and they usually say it the way, I'm thinking you know they usually express what I'm thinking and I'm so frustrated about something and they'll say it and it's fun to listen to, but so yeah. There are certain things you could talk about, that. Don't require you having an intimate knowledge of policy, for example uh eric, what's his name eric is that is that his unloved son- yes eric trump, yes trump, the biggest, so he tweeted out this morning, and I quote: tweeted him. He says here, pull it up. Can you pull it up ian? You guys got to see this. It's the dumbest [ __ ] thing I've ever seen, and I'm like okay and I'm just like. Why are we putting this guy up on a pedestal? He's a [ __ ]. He is literally a [ __ ] brain dead imbecile pull this up. I mean, like people, are really putting this guy on a pedestal um. So he goes. Google is once again trying to manipulate americans type mob or mobs into google and watch what comes up do the same on any other search engine. And what showed up is this anime mob cycle? 100, the character's name is mob and he thinks this is some incredible conspiracy theory to keep people from seeing what a mob is on google images, because he doesn't know what a what this anime is. I mean I mean this is a great one by the way so like I'm not, I don't need to make some great political statement and just to know that he's a [ __, ] [, __, ] right, and so I just I wish you didn't- show me that yeah that that I mean I wish you didn't, show me that yeah, and so I just quote tweeted and said: imagine being this dumb, [Music] yeah, yeah yeah. I think that you know I um. I think I'm gonna start doing it a little bit more. I have moments of being fired up, but I don't try to. I try to sort of um argue amongst, like my own circle of people, that I know because I feel like that's that's. If I'm gonna have any impact, it's probably going to be in that small little microphone, that's smart and it's true and then work my way out because, like especially in the filipino community, we have a lot of um. We have a lot of issues with race uh with the colonial mentality um with a lot of self-loathing that reflects on who we choose as our leader. So I try to get into like those smaller discussions and it's yeah. Even in those small discussions, it's really. It gets really ugly, very fast yeah. It's like when it's like when the [ __ ], [, __ ], face leader of the free world right, says kung flu or the china virus right, which is saying a lot now, and people don't realize that it affects people that look like me living in this country. Yeah. I don't understand why they don't see the connection that you know p the mob right or a group of people are gonna view me as if I'm some sort of some implication that I had something to do with the virus and I'm gonna. You know, and now you most likely have the virus like right. Right and asians are now getting like. You know, hit in the face on the middle of the street. You know, and- and he did people don't realize that connection but and I'm so afraid to even talk about it right because I don't want to get attacked by these people right. So it's like a weird [ __ ] thing, so you know what I want to start saying things. You know right because that that is hurtful when he says [ __ ] like that yeah, but you know like what ethan says just say it and then feel good about it. Yeah, let it live and feel good that you said it think about it before you put it out, make sure it's what you want to say: yeah and then just let it live and be happy. And let me let me spell check it because you have yeah, you want to make sure it's all spelled. I really it's I've been with him for seven years right and the cutoff spell. How dare you what? Oh, that literally everyone was like what you should at least be self-aware. I guess I used to be better. I mean I've known worse. I've known worse, spellers, yeah, yeah I'll make him take whole posts down because of kudos dan just screamed at me like damn. Apparently I got a spelling issue. It's just just the other day you had. You had a pretty bad one on a tweet and so wait. What did I misspell in a tweet? Oh geez? Oh because, first of all, everybody in the group chat spell checked it and nobody corrected me [Laughter]. I literally showed the tweet to everybody in our whatsapp on the podcast and nobody corrected it and I'm the bad speller. I was busy or something he was busy anyway, but but bobby. I think you you tap into a good point. It's like I uh it's like um. They they. This is what they want right. They they they rule by this, this this fear and and they make it like uh. You can't speak up for your own well-being. I mean yeah. We have a president. That's perpetuating racial stereo harm very hurtful, harmful racial stereotypes against you, yeah, and so why the [ __ ] shouldn't. You speak up yeah and I feel- and I should because I have a voice and I should for the the millions of [ __ ] asians out there that need a voice. You know and I'm being a coward because you know I just don't want to [ __ ] get involved, but I have these deep feelings about it. Right of rage. You know yeah and I just don't get why people don't understand that that what he's saying is divisive and that it's causing because they like that dude, because those these are the times we're living in it's sad and it's it's upsetting, because the people who like and love donald trump like that, it's defensive and harmful because they don't look like you and they think it's [, __ ]. They think it's great, that it's triggering people, because you know I saw him at a rally and he goes you know uh the wuhan flew and then he was like kung fu, the kung flu and he's like the kong flew and everyone's like yeah, I mean [, __, ], yeah, [, __, ] yeah, and it's it and you when you watch you go you what's amazing is he has shown us the amount of people that back that kind of ideology? Isn't that shocking? When you see polls, when you see polls, you go what that many people, it's so just eye-opening right, that's! You know you're talking about 45 percent yeah in the polls right and you and that's. If you look at that, I mean that means that when you're in the midwest you have to kind of look around half these people, and you know that we've forever changed just in the last four years too and um proof of that is four years ago, the most profound and earth-shattering thing we watched was um going clear, the the documentary about scientology, yeah yeah and then two days ago we saw it. We watched it because we wanted our niece to watch it and it was the most boring thing we've ever done. Yeah yeah, we have been like you know, we're so jaded now, but you know what, but even beyond like the um, even beyond fighting the hate and and propaganda and racism, I just think that they're really ripe for satire, because it's a bunch of [ __, ], white trash bozos and a bunch of girls, whoa, ethan, whoa, you're right, but you're right but whoa. I think it's a no, but it's so ripe for commentary. These people there's so much comedy to make out of this stupidity that donald trump donald trump is a such an oaf and his family. It's such [ __, ] bimbos, it's a family of bimbos yeah and everyone surrounding him, and all these pundits and everybody I mean there's just there. There are a bunch of [ __, ] hateful morons, tucker carlson looks like like he's perpetually lost and confused. I love his bow ties, though he's cute, but but I'm just saying, I'm gonna eat some oatmeal yeah, but you know what enrages me more okay. So I saw on the internet right some. You know a white, older white conservative guy. He was a chad right and he's berating some. You know black people about something right and next to him was an old, his wife who was an old asian lady and she's like yeah. You all right. You know she's like defending. You know her husband right, those those asians right that you hang out with. They drive me. Yes, [ __, ], crazy, that's what keeps them up at night yeah! I hate. You know what like mitch, mcconnell, mcconnell's wife. What's her name um, I forget, remember like one time trump had a press conference and here's this like concubine. That's why I said: concubine they're, [, __, ], concubines, all right. They bind their feet, they walk on their back and they they go and they do that all the whole thing it [, __ ] drives me crazy. You think she's like a race, trader, yeah, there's a betrayal there. You know! I I feel that I just I you know yeah, there's a lot of that too in the filipino community yeah and there's so much. It really that's, that's the one thing that I see it's like, but it also comes from a colonial mentality. Thinking that um you have a seat at their table because you've kind of been um yeah you it it it warps the way you you you view yourself and then you sort of praise your abuser. So that's that's very for filipinos. It's a lot! It's very much because we've been um colonized by our whole history of our country, right yeah, it's like when you go to thailand. I've been to thailand right and uh. You know I shot a movie there once where I was out there for months and I would walk down the street and I would see a 70 year old american white man holding hands with like an 18 year old, right, asian girl, right and they're just walking down the street all confident with their with you know with. Basically you know it's like it's pedophilia, that's what it is right and you see that, and I don't know what it is about that, but it drives me [, __, ], crazy, and for some reason I equate you know. You know a certain section of trump supporters like that. You know I don't know, there's a connection there for me right of like users or you know I will say, though, not to over generalize, because, first of all I know what you mean, but I do think that, like there's a large section of trump supporters that are racist, just shitty divisive, trolls whatever, but a lot of the people are just like think they. They just think he's an honest politician that he's different and he says it like it is, and he doesn't mean all that stuff he says, or maybe they don't even pay attention and they don't understand you're right, they're, good. They are good people, but they don't. They don't understand and it's hard to understand because let's say that they're watching fox news and according to fox news, everything's [ __ ] great, you know I try to soften my feelings for like old white politicians by trying to imagine them in their little sleepy hat before they go to bed at night like and I think about their old. You know how like old man smell yeah like because my dad was an old guy, and I just imagine like: oh, they probably have that old man smell and they probably have the liver spots like all over and they probably wear their little sleepy hat before even trump even biden. So I think okay, like maybe they're, not as evil yeah they're. Not, I don't think I think, there's very few people in this world that are actually evil, but but what can you do because I think there are some evil people that, like, like, I don't know it's kind of evil to run a uh ad on facebook. That says, like hillary clinton, rapes, kids or something knowing that? That's not true yeah, I don't know. Do you ever google, the top 10 most evil people that ever lived on the planet? No, google that who ranks them. I don't know that like on rancor makes that list it's very interesting made by god. I have no idea. God made this list, yeah hey ian: can you pull up top 10 most evil people? I think I I mean you guys before you do that before that, let's get, let's try to guess. Okay, hitler number one, try to guess all right. So no, no, let's just say so. I think stalin should be. Is it in there? Okay, here's an interesting one, vlad the impaler wait. You know what I have a feeling he's already looked at this, because I have a vague memory of him recycling. I already know what about gangnam style? No he's not, maybe maybe he's top 20, but that was pretty brutal. He's not a top genghis khan is like people who, like sonic youth, like there's a cult he's like yeah. I love that band uh daydream. Nation is a great album, but my point is: is that I think um? What's that guy's name uh, his name is hitler? Yes, yes, thank you for bringing him up. Yeah yeah, so adolf, hitler's on it, um paul pogba. We said he's asian, so vlad the impaler is a little bit more obscure and that's how I know you probably look at this list: yeah yeah, yeah yeah. So I'm thinking who else we got? I mean, I think, some of the imperialists who came to america and cut all the natives like uh who's, the spanish dude, who like gave all the natives smallpox and killed like like half a million to america. What was his name chris, I'm not sure. No was it wasn't columbus who gave them smallpox? Was it uh? It was a spanish dude intentionally yeah uh I mean who went to mech like uh cortez, osama bin laden. We should be on the list: magellan, magellan, okay, pull it up and pull it up, pull it up, pull it up. Yeah here we go. You guys want me to do a top 10 voice. Coming in here are the 15 most evil people to have ever been born. Okay, coming in at number one adolf hitler, adolf hitler killed: nine million people, six million jews. He did not like jews people all right number, one coming in at number two joseph stalin, I said stalin. He killed a hell of of his own people because oh vladimir's number three bro one for bobby point for bobby. Why did you even think to say that I kind of agree that you must have cheated on this test? Who even knows who vlad the impaler is? I do uh pol pot there. We go himmler, oh another, not say that the nazis are topping the list. Saddam, I mean he's. I think, he's black. Oh okay, yeah yeah! Can you expand? There's gotta be diversity here you gotta have put a black eye in there. Wait hey! I don't see. There needs to be diversity here, we're getting some photos there. We go okay, white dude, saddam yeah. He could be mexican right there. Oh yeah, let's see, let's read about him, he was in uganda. He promised to bring prosperity, but a week later he did call himself president, as dictator became known as the butcher of uganda killed people by feeding them to crocodiles, like he was also a cannibal and mutilated one of his wives and re-arranged. Her limbs he killed and tortured around half a million people. So congratulations to edie amin for making it to number seven better. Try! Next, better luck! Next time yeah yeah, okay, I haven't terrible ivan the terrible yeah. He looks terrible. He does, he looks mean yeah, you wanna, that's cool, that's a cool. Look, keep going ian people, don't keep going. [Music] yeah see. I don't even know these people are too low on the list, but keem kim kim sung. The second I mean who are we talking about? Wait? They put all of them in the same list kim kim song kim jong-il. It sucks, because they're, probably like two of them, are in heaven going we tied they're upset. You know, man, we don't get our own category. Yeah, that's true! That's kind of a dis, nero man, this uh yeah. Oh, this guy, doesn't have a photo. That's how old he is. Genghis, god made it there. He is that's me. That's my [ __ ] headshot hang on. Let me make this dude look just like me here. You probably are related. I mean he raped that many people, my god his bloodthirsty nature, led to many victories such as many parts of china, but also the killing of countless people. It is believed that his men, if out of water, would drink blood from their horses. His arms killed 15 million people uh a total of 20 to 60 million people died during his reign. God bless him number 13.. Now a lot of asians a lot of asians on the list. That's interesting, yeah yeah! It's interesting who's! This idiot who's, this guy wait what who's this freak. He looks like the evil. Maximilian. Look at that. Oh this is the arena. Terra guy yeah. He only killed a hundred thousand loser. I I lose her coming in at the bottom of the list. At number, 15 maximilian robosphere, with a hundred thousand people murdered, rose pierre robespierre. Thank you. Zach wow, no women. Oh no women, no women! What about those? That's interesting! I feel like they. If they had the agency back, then they would there'd be some on the list. Yeah! Oh, that's, true, no gays! How would you know that I don't know how would you know that bobby yeah? Okay? Well, I can do it genghis khan for sure he didn't bend dudes over and like [Laughter]. Historically, in china, homosexuality was actually so okay and a long time ago in china, and it was not it so yeah. It would make sense that genghis khan all right. Well, it's okay! I feel like genghis khan [, __ ] at least one dude in his life yeah. Just to try it sure, because dracula is, is based on vlad, the impaler, but the impaler he has to have fun. So he has the funny exactly yeah, so he seems gay yeah, yeah yeah. You are good you who is gay. Why are you gay? Can you guys hear that yeah? What is that? It's a sound bite? There's this guy uh? It's really funny video of some african guy who's, really he's really sweet and genuine. He just doesn't understand the concept of homosexuality or or trans. So there's this trans person who comes on and he goes. Why are you gay and and then she goes well, I'm trans, I'm not gay, and he goes so who is gay? Is he asian? Is it another african? Oh I african I see who is good. You know what I've never googled, the nicest people. That's ever lived, oh, we can do that [Applause]. That's easy! I feel. Like I mean all I can think of is yeah. Who else is nice? Oh, mr rogers, who else is nice for some nicest people, elmo, mother, teresa um, elmo, yeah, elmo, wasn't mother teresa secretly a douche, or was that someone else? I think that gandhi was secretly kind of a pedo wait. Wasn't mother teresa like letting people die and [ __ ] and like it came out that she was like actually a horrible person? Oh, she would have been canceled by now. I think yeah, oh gandhi was [ __, ], kids. I don't think. I think that what I read was he would um test his willpower by laying next to his like 14 year old nieces, but he didn't [, __ ] him, I'm not sure the extent he's like I failed guys. It's you know. One time you know I used to think that deepak chopra was like a god. I did. I did and then one time one time my buddy goes: yeah deepak, chopra and his family ate at my restaurant. I go uh-huh and he goes. They only left a five percent tip and as soon as I heard that shout out, I shattered it wow yeah, I burned all his books, seven spiritual losses, I burned all that I mean dude. If you're deepak, you gotta, what are you doing walking around you, gotta [ __ ] put down twenty percent. I have a question to you guys then, oh yeah, so let's say someone were to pay for dinner. Do you look at how much they're tipping just so the um the they? Whoever doesn't think that you, you guys are cheap. I well. First of all, I usually just go out with my family and I always pay we've been in situations where we were with friends and then yeah. We would look at the tips. Sometimes they leave a really bad tip and I'm like dude, you can't yeah yeah, because then the wait staff will think that you guys. Well. You know I have famous friends who, or they go ten percent where I max out. They like make a whole point about it. Oh no, and actually you know what we've even been banned from restaurants, because of it. I swear to god we stopped going to a specific restaurant because my our one friend tipped so badly that we got we. He got beef with one of the waiters. No really I swear to god wow and it was our favorite restaurant too, and then we're like we can't go there anymore. I used to eat with a rich when I was poor, I kind of want to say her name because she died a [, __, ] I'll, say it well. Well, she's dead. You don't have to it's not important to the story. What's her name bobby? Oh, no, I'm not going to say, but she was a powerful rich old lady all right. It's everyone twice, not every once! Well only twice she took me to dinner right and she left. She leaves no tip and she's american she's, not european american yeah yeah. So the first time I ate with her she so the second time I ate with her. I knew that she was gonna, give a tip. So I had money that I put into a little ball like crunch it up in a ball right, and so, when we got up from the table, I just threw it on the table. You didn't want her to see it. I knew that she wasn't. She didn't see it. No, you don't want to offend her like yeah. What are you doing because you're so [ __ ] cheap? You know I don't want to say get into that conversation right yeah, so I just wanted to just put it give it give it to the waiter yeah. I hate it. I because I [ __ ]. I used to wait tables me too yeah yeah. We all the it's the worst feeling yeah when you work your [ __ ] ass off and they leave you no [, __, ] tip or or they leave little yeah. It's it. I used to like lose sleep over that [ __ ], because they don't realize how you know. You know how you have you. You come to work and they go hey. Sally didn't show up. You have to take on her tables too, so you have [ __, ], 10 tables you're running around you have ketchup mustard. You don't mean you have like the fork. You know what I mean. Somebody had a dirty. You have to memorize all these issues and you're just constantly running, running, running, running, running, running, running right and then you [, __ ] end of the shift. You know you have no money. I gotta tell you right waiting money, one of the hardest, most exhausting jobs. I've ever had yeah you're moving like a so fast and then like mistakes happen, obviously because you're moving so fast and furious and then it's just horrible people are so crazy when yeah, I feel like my whole. Memory of it is just like the worst in people like it just brings the worst in people yeah, the customers hate you, the kitchen, hates you, the bar hates you, everyone hates you. I just it's all negative for me. Yeah. I don't know why people go. This system is [ __ ] up, I'm not leaving a tip. I think only rich people say that and then they go, but it's like dude. This waiter is not getting rich off your [ __ ] tip yeah yeah yeah yeah five dollars dude, they need it yeah we tip double when um, when the service is horrible, because we assume that they're having a bad day wow. No, that's not that's not what I do. We hang out with that guy. He like splashed the soup into her face like this guy, threw it as a frisbee yeah like a hug and he just threw it like a frisbee and it splattered yeah yeah. So that's how I do it. I do got a double tip. He did when I get really shitty service and I like the food and I like the restaurant. I leave double so the next time I go in there and if I so happen to have the same waiter, he knows right that I'm a good tipper that he treats me differently. Well, maybe he thought his behavior. His initial behavior was what got him the double tip so he's going to keep pouring soup in your throat yeah you're into that? That's your king! It's your kink, he's like! Oh! This guy have to be mean to blake over here [Laughter]. You know, you know what my brother, you know what my brother and I like to do is we. We went to a wendy's once and dinen what you dined in. No, we! No because we wanted to get their cone okay right of ice cream. Is it embarrassing to dine in that wendy's you're right, yeah super, embarrassing. I've done so my brother, it was in korean town, so my brother and I went and and the lady was so rude when we asked because she, I guess the machine was like not on or whatever so she gave an attitude like right, and so I didn't like her attitude so when she gave me the thing I threw it in the trash and I ordered it again. Well, how did she respond? He was even more furious than but my brother and I were laughing so hard. Oh, my god, my brother thought that I was going to keep ordering it because we would repay for it right yeah, it's all good yeah. I hate that service yeah. It drives me crazy, oh my god. What's the biggest [ __ ] up you had as a waiter? Oh my god. I had so many. I. I got a lot of complaints because my thumb was in the food really. Ah, that's the best, because because I have little hands right yeah I have little hands. So some of the the plates are big right yeah. So I can't so I had to do it by the edges and my thumb would be in the food whatever that means. So many people saw your thumb in the food and then didn't say anything or just like I gotta eat it, but this dude's in the food. But it's also like it was a breakfast place. So my thumb would be in an omelette: oh no dude right, so it would puncture the almond. The cheese would be on. My you're dripping over my thumb right. So yeah right. You know we're really spineless about things like that like if that were to happen to us. If there was a hair in our food or food, was [ __ ] we're spineless. We don't. We don't say a word, we just nod and say it's delicious, it's great receiving the food, pretend to eat it and then just go absolutely. I think most people do that's what I'm saying, how many people but I'll be like I'll be like with you like. This is the this is [ __ ] awful. I hate it. This is the worst food how's, your food. It's great! That's what that's! What we do! That's what we are! It's great yeah! Thank you! So much there was a place called oscars and I ordered bread sticks and I swear to [ __ ] in the middle of the bread stick. There was a [ __ ] nail, a human, oh, like a like a fingernail, no, not a fingernail, a hammer, not a fingernail, a [ __ ] nail, and so I ate the bread stick and I just left the nail. Oh my god, but I didn't complain I ate ate the whole [ __ ], hey just so you guys yeah. There was a nail in my red stick yeah! The experience here is better. I think americans are more polite, yeah and israel. Don't give a [ __ ], which I kind of learned from you, and I like that. I think that's great, but I think in israel people are very confrontational. I dare you to try to return a meal in israel, that'd be like the [ __ ] yeah. Can I tell you story I got, but I was ordering food during my lunch break in israel. This is the kind of [ __ ]. You can expect to see woman's on the phone, I'm getting a to-go box. You know it's like a box, it's got different containers and then she picks up the to-go box and she puts her [ __ ] cell phone in the to-go box to rest there [Laughter] she goes. Can I help you and her phone that she was just on? She is in the box she's about to put food in yeah yeah. What did you do? I was a [ __ ] and I took the food and I ate it all right, because I was just too embarrassed. I was like wait. The phone was in the food no no before before the food was scooped up. I couldn't believe what I was saying and I I still took it because I was in israel. I think israel is a little behind on like hygiene in general being like yeah yeah, oh yeah, another example dude's making shawarma, whatever he's got gloves on right and then you're, paying with dollar bills and he's handling the money with the gloves and then touching your food. It's like what do you yeah the gloves to protect his hands? Not me yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, it's so weird. Just like did you say anything? No, of course not yeah me either I would like yeah. I don't I I'm very like I I I zone in on those behaviors in america, but if it were to happen in a different country for some reason like I allow it yeah like I only because yeah it's kind of like common, it will be everywhere once you start pointing it out, it will be your day like you just have to point it out everywhere. Yeah. I tried it once when I ordered like a sabi: it's like a falafel kind of in pita and they the guy, wasn't wearing gloves, and I was like that was like after I've been kind of americanized by ethan, and I was like. Can you wear gloves? Oh my god thought you were crazy right, a little bit he's like [ __ ], what the [ __ ]. He was like what the [ __ ]- that's crazy, yeah, yeah, of course, and then he went gloves, but then he handled money with the gloves exactly dude. Let me tell you: israel is a shock to me. When I first went there you go to the grocery store. Okay, the floor is [ __ ] coated in dirt. Yeah, it's not shiny, like here like dirt, so beautiful, and then they have like the bread rolls and [ __ ] people just bare-handed, throw it back in yeah, yeah, olives, yeah pickles, huge buckets yeah. Just I mean it's a whole different world, dude yeah. I think that there is one stark difference between like at least asian countries or foreign americans are not good. Um, post poop wipers also the gr I've seen I've never seen so many women wipe back to front like I have in america the front. Oh women. Oh really, I never known it back to front wipers. They they take the toilet paper and it and- and it goes into the vagina, the vagina. No, it starts in the ass and then goes into the vagina. Why does it know that way? That's what I'm saying like! I never saw it until I came to america and I was in shock because I was like wait, who taught you that yeah? Who do you? How many people do you know that does that and how? How do you know that about that? And you know what uh girls that I went to nursing school with? Who are nurses now who still wipe back to front? That is so weird? Well, you know, like girls all congregate in the bathroom, like we go out, we go drinking or they go over to your house. We pee together and you see those things and you're like right. Wow, remember remember: I made love to that girl once and she had poo in her ass. I don't remember I wasn't there. Oh yeah, I told you, I told you the story, wait what happened why? What happened? Tell me everything I was I was doing. I was I was in la jolla and I was doing her um doggy style. Oh yeah. This is the girl who was like singing you, love songs, she's, really sweet. I smell poo, oh right, you know because you know you know the smell of poo. Yes right when you're doing it, you're like it's, not sex smell, it's poop! I was doing it right. You know and you look around when you always look around. You go where's the move right, but then you I kept going. I go. No! That's definitely poo right, and so I I took my thumbs right and I spread open her butt cheeks and I looked and it was. There was like a long butt, hair yeah sticking out, but at the tip of the butt hair there was a dingleberry. It was old news. Yeah it looked like a mushroom. It wasn't a fresh poo, yeah yeah, and so I I tried to you know what I mean you touched it. No, I tried to flick it. Oh dude, I tried to flick it because that's you know I mean I still came. Would you have you did I still came? I still came. Did you leave yeah? Oh, I feel like I would have maybe wrapped it up. Was she attracted a girl in her ass? Yes, today I was on. I was on twitter yesterday and I saw that odell beckham was trending and I you know who will be still grossed out by that story. I'm taking a minute to recover yeah um, but he's a football player. Yeah he's a wide receiver right, yeah yeah he played for the cleveland browns. So basically one of his ex-lovers came out and said that he likes to be [ __ ] on hell, yeah yeah. Why would you say that publicly I don't know, but she was on no jumper and she said that he he likes like really unshowered coochie and he likes to be um pooped on yeah. Some people are into that. I don't know why that's poo, I thought you were into poo you like to smell it yeah he sniffs our dog's poos, oh gross bobby. I hate the smell of their poop. You put it right up to your nose. I really hate it. No, no! No! Listen! Why it's it's not like! I go! I I don't do that! That's the asian adult bobby I like to smell horrible things, huh! Okay, I like to smell horrible things. That's a like! Why would you smell poop? Yes, he does so he when he knows I'm going in and I try to lock the door he he fishes. The lock goes right up to me in the toilet and he goes so yeah baby to anyone who says you're a gold digger remember what this relationship is and know that it's real yeah. It's not only that, like you know how many underwear she sees like brown, [, __ ], nothing, not even a stain, it's clumps of [ __ ] in my underwear bobby. Why? Why are you [ __ ], your body? I have a leaky ass. Like my dad wait, you have a leaky, ass yeah, my dad, you sharked a lot, no, so my dad when my okay, so my my brother, when he was 11 years old, had a friend over and they were playing this casio kind of keyboard thing. You know and my dad was taking a nap okay. So my dad when he wake my dad from a nap, he gets violent. So my dad ran into my brother's room, but my dad was completely naked because he sleeps naked. He took the case. Casio keyboard and smashed it on my brother's head keys were flying all over the place right and when he turned around to leave, he had toilet paper sticking out of his [ __ ] right and that's when we realized that my dad puts toilet paper in his [ __ ] and later, when my later in life, I asked why he does that he goes and my mom said that he went to the doctor. He has a leaky, [ __ ] right. So I that I feel like I have pain yeah. I have a very leaky [ __ ]. I don't know which part is more disturbing the beating or the your dad's [ __ ], being corked with toilet paper. It's the the [ __ ], the [ __ ], the beating was a normal thing. The beating was a normal thing very violent in my home. You know: look at now now you stuff toilet paper up your ass. Do you stuff toilet paper up your [ __ ]? No, no! No! No! Okay! I literally! I! I don't want to be like that, so I just let it flow. He free bleed! Oh my god yeah I do yeah, but if you're, if your diet is good, wouldn't the turds be like because I feel like it would only leak if you had like diarrhea right. Oh my god! It's if your diet is good. That doesn't necessarily mean that your app your [ __ ] is going to be [. __ ] always solid, oh well! I did yeah bobby. If I can interject, do you do you or do you not have a pizza refrigerator? I do, but you know, do you think that has anything to do with your leaky [ __ ]? I might maybe maybe maybe maybe, but those are the reasons why I want to tell the guys that accuse her for being with me, because I you know right, it's like she has to see right and experience the worst human atrocities yeah that one can see right and she's still with me. No, it's like he's beautiful, my foot, fungi, my [ __ ] stains. You know what I mean absolutely so, but it's kaleilas still with me, but I I do, but I kind of like, even though I in that moment I don't like that. It's happening. I I do like that. You're playful in that way, like that's what I'm attracted to, is that he's so just not by the book about anything and he's such a human tornado that I I feel really drawn to that um to that storm. Can I ask you so you'll be taking a dump and bobby is pick locking the lock while you're taking a dump uh-huh, and do you say anything? What do you say to him? Like stop, don't come in and bobby's screaming, stop don't come in and then every time and I'm trying to I need it. If poop is halfway up my butt, I just chance it and do a half stand up to try to close the door. Oh my gosh, um and so you're taking it the door was open. He would just come. Hang out with you inside yeah wow, deep inhales like she doesn't. She doesn't fart in front of me or any of that kind of stuff and everyone sh like twice a year I'll out here I'll hear a fart from you, but that stuff doesn't turn me off. She thinks it's going to turn me off. I don't think anything of it. It's just awesome. What are you gonna yeah? Well, I don't think it's going to turn you off. I just prefer not to there's this whole house already smells like [ __ ]. I'm I'm trying not to contribute more to the to the overall aroma of our lives, but I want to go back yeah, so bob bobby. Have you gotten really good at pick, locking that bathroom door uses a safety? Pin and it's one of those things where there's a little hole right and you just put the pin in and it opens it yeah and then and then he comes in and puts his head between your legs like in the bowl. No man, oh okay, you just come out. Oh I'm a serial killer. Okay, so you just come, hang out and bask in the smell. I just come into the bathroom right and I go. I do a big sniff, so I can just see if you know she's healthy or not, and then I leave he does this thing where he pretends to not enjoy it. He's like ooh, ooh, yeah, yeah and also, if I'm like, if I'm taking a nap and I'm on my side, he'll ambush he'll come in and just spread the cheeks and try to take a deep breath. You put your nose in her [ __ ] and sniff bro. What's the weirdest thing, what's the weirdest smell you like, I like um, like a dead bird? Oh no! I don't like the birds, that's really sad! I don't like that. What's wrong with you, I think it did. I think just death in general, like a dead bird, so you went up. You found a dead rotting dead bird and you sniffed the [ __ ] out of it. Well, do you remember the bird that died in the backyard yeah it didn't smell. Like anything, did you smell it up close? No, I did yeah, it didn't smell good. I don't think you should be sniffing birds in the age of a pandemic. So I I made a I've got a shoe box. That's why they call it kung flu, because you look at this [ __ ] dead bird, so it's cool. I took the shoe box and I put the dead bird in the shoe box and I put like remember: I made it nice like a little bedding yeah, we made a. We had a burial yeah before I because I taped it up too, but before I did that I went I smelled it. I hated it, but that means you liked it right. Yeah I hated it and then I closed it back up and I taped it. We buried it. I like the smell of um. You know when you have a earring hole, oh and when you press on it and the little stuff comes out if you've been very easy, yeah. Sorry what I didn't this is, I didn't know about this yeah, the [ __ ], they're, [, __ ] in your ear hole yeah. It's like it's like sharp cheddar, but it's very um addicting like you, just it's very an intriguing smell. Do you get that behind your ear ever because I know a smell behind my ear that smells like that? I don't get in behind my hair, just in the actual ear hole. If I push on it in a little, you know about that smelly, hair. Just to me, because I rarely wear earrings, you have cheese in your ear hole, so I feel like sometimes when I do put the earring in after a long time it kind of gets irritated and then afterwards, when I take it out and there's like that kind of that smell, you smell that bobby. No, I want to yeah you should I'm I'm I'm glad. You said it because I really want to smell it. Oh gladly, can you do it right now? No, no! No! I don't have any right now, only when like says when it gets yeah yeah. What other weird smells girls have? Do you ever scratch your vagina and smell your hand? What would you ask that I'm kidding? I have a lot of curiosity. Well, then check it out for yourself. Yes, ethan um. It was good to see. That's it. I mean that's pretty much. It is there anything else. No, I mean I mean I. I could honestly probably do another two hours one day I think so I mean how long have we gone together, two hours, two hours, two hours yeah, I love you guys yeah! I love you too guys. We love you guys, hopefully, after the pandemic, I'd like to see you guys in flesh that would be nice. I know mm-hmm dry days. Are you guys seeing anybody at all dude, I'm getting so sick of it, I'm getting so [ __ ], sick of it dude I just want to like also, I feel so bad for theodore, because he's he's this young, vibrant boy who wants who should be out looking at the zoo and socializing with kids and he's happy at home, he doesn't know what he's missing but like it's, it's it's just it's tough! It's getting tough yeah it'll it'll pass, but I ain't playing a lot of video games at night. What are you playing lately? I play a lot of warzone. You know that um, what's her name, yoko ono has a song called warzone. That's really funny, not really yeah. You should hear the game, though, is it no? What do you play? What do you? What do you play? Ethan? I just been playing like super little games like I've, been playing hollow knight. You know that game. Oh no, I'm sure it's good. I don't like multiplayer games. It's too stressful, yeah yeah I get to I get too competitive and and the problem is, I get competitive and also I'm not good yeah, I'm not good either, but you know warzone, you have an xbox or a station, so warzone and um um. It's all across all platforms like if you have a playstation, I have an xbox. We can still hold on the there's. Probably some I don't know if you can hear the dogs- oh we'll just we'll just end it here. I love you, okay, that's it bye! Bobby love! You thank you all right. I love you and bye. Take care.