Welcome h3 warriors today we go to war, who? What do we go to war against? What are we going to war? My cursor is a micro transaction in video games. Video, oh we're going to war against me. No, no micro transactions in vain', ok and youtube. You had mentioned I'm so mad right now. Today we go to war over microtransactions and and youtube, and thank you - stamps, calm and me undies. Our guest today, if you couldn't tell, is the wonderful boogie2988, a lot of people may not be able to tell because I look like a complete in person. I mean besides losing now 250 pounds, mm-hmm 150. Since the surgery, then I got the brand new teeth, hi, which is really weird because I'm still getting used to this. This is three weeks. I've had these teeth and and I, don't know, I change frames and it was like you look like a hipster now I'm like I, just trying to look like GAMEOVER Greggy if the depression. Finally, one for game over Greg I want to look like Greg Miller, as if like he just gave up that's what I was looking for work. Well, you really have transformed and I love that you regularly come and check in with us because yeah from the first time. This is your third time on the show now I'm the finally three timers you have I'm like. Oh actually, you may be the first three time well, thank you. Happy yeah I mean I love having you you're, one of the best guess ever yeah. For the first time you came in here, you were with your now ex-wife hmm and you could not enter unassisted right. You were I. Remember you want such excruciating pain, I. Just might honestly, it felt so horrible for you, like just seeing you go down, I wasn't trying to go out. You had to exit and take a break now -. Now, looking at you, you told me, you were just walking around Universal for like five miles, a universal another mile around Hollywood that night and so six miles in a day and a little sore from it have some blisters well I would be telling ya I realized at home by the way you're dealing with my now Lisp, it's temporary mighty I'm, just getting used to my new teeth, I'm only three weeks out. So, if you can tell my voice, has changed a little bit. It's going to get better if I, don't really notice that much but I understand you, it's probably more noticeably conscience, but you just got new brand new teeth three weeks ago. Why did you need T? I mean I know? Why did you need new teeth? What did they pull all your teeth out like he tell me it's over, like hereditarily, my family has the worst teeth and my mom and my dad wearing dentures by 40 and I, probably needed to be in dentures by 40. My brother has struggled us alive for the implants to stop. My sister has very like she lost all her teeth and had to get stuff early on in their 20s. So I had just had this fatalistic attitude about my teeth. One day, I will get dentures and not just won't worry about it and I definitely didn't record, you don't have dentures, you have like. No, these are my employee. That's the real deal. G4 buy, gulp accom are the people that did it and they have like a cutting-edge technology. They call the the the g4 system and basically they they screw metal posts. They pulled all my teeth. Only at 17 teeth left I, don't know how many -, oh wow, that's 14 were infected. I was walking around 14 rampant infections of your mouth he's saying all the time. All the day after surgery, I was in less pain than I was the day before and that's after them cutting me wide open right, so they remove all the teeth and they cut open the gums and they go in and they they shape the bone, and then they put in metal posts and I'm like half conscious during all this, like I. If you watch the video on my youtube channel, youtube.com, slash, Brookings, donate typing, boogie, teeth and you'll see this video even show where they spliced me open, just put in the metal teeth, but I was so awake. They're like give me a thumbs up and I'm like because I was conscious, but I. Don't remember it! Why don't they keep you conscious? They wanted to make sure that I could answer commands and stuff when we need to open her mouth we need, you know, we need you to set up. They need you to be a new writer, but they also give you like a twilight drug. So you don't have to remember any of it. So I don't and it gave me some painkillers too. Obviously, right now yeah, but they put in these metal posts yeah that skull screw in your skull and then screw into your jawbone, and then they put bridges that are then screwed onto those metal, screws and I can I can go to them and they'll take these out and they can clean them and I have to do that at least once a year and ordeal they don't take them out, yeah, just one screw up and and I can't do it at home right because it's the special tools and stuff, but at the bridge you ever broke or anything, and so a lot of people realize this. The guns, the gums look hella healthy and their prosthetic as well. Yeah. Look at that natural right, but if you really really seein, you can see where they need. My actual guns right closely. I can't yeah I feel like I mean the internet seems to keep telling me that the upper row is a little too big but I like them right that what do they mean? The top like? Maybe the top two teeth are a little too big for my face or something but I like it, and so this is one of those instances where the Internet has been kind of mean a lot of people, mostly supportive right. Some people are like. Oh, you look like spongebob and that one episode or you look like the guy from the two fairy godmothers or what here's the [ __ ] you, okay, no one [ __ ], you all right! I didn't do this, for you, I, don't care if you like it. I do this. For me, I wanted to get out of pain. I wanted to get out of infection. I wanted to look a little better sure. I'm human I don't really care how I look but I care about not hurting all the time, and the other reason I did is because the company that's doing this. They agreed to give away to people who are in need of for real 12 surgeries over the next year. So they just announced that if you go to g4 by global com, I think it's like a sub site. I'm not sure it's linked on the web main website, but if you search for it, they want people to submit like stories and videos and pictures, and they let me pick 12 people and do the surgery it really really light and what he changed it for me right. It's like it's a life-changing thing right and it's unbelievable, well, I told them. If somebody comes in and mentions my name, I want to talk every person that comes into my sister's name right, so we had the first person come in that mentioned. Seeing my video and I've been like texting him back and forth, then he got his teeth two days ago and like just coaching him through it and like the healing procedure and because my healing procedure was atypical because I'm, a youtuber and I know that sounds weird. You mean, because you have to show your mouth well, not only that, but because I they told me go home and talk as much as you need to, because you're gonna need to learn how to speak and eat soft foods for the first couple of weeks, but you can eat some rougher stuff. You're gonna be fine, like you, salad, don't worry about it, be some broccoli. You'll be fine, avoid nuts for now right and a week after the surgery, I started, bleeding hmm I was doing a pique woodysgamertag his podcast and I started bleeding, and so I called my doctor and I'm like doc. What's happening, it goes you maybe you've ruptured one of the stitches. Have you been eating a lot I'm like doc, I'm, a fat guy, yes, I've been eating a lot of eating soft foods because, like are you talking a lot and I'm like no I'm, barely talking, I did a four hour podcast today filmed a YouTube video that took of our talking and then I screamed on my twitch channel for three hours. I barely talked for eight hours today and he's like shut the [ __ ] up and sat down because you're you're causing your mouth to bleed because no one talks for eight hours. What are you doing? Why are you doing this? What's my job and so uh I bled for like three days straight, like just like like a little bit, it was like a lot when it's coming out of your mouth because it mixes a salon, yeah and so like on the third day, I messaged him and I'm, like hey doc, I've been bleeding for three days, should I be worried. He's like Steve half the population bleeds for three days: woman up, okay, so you're gonna be fine right. Oh my god, woman up yeah he's a woman of because half the population literally bleeds for three kind of week here, huh yeah, but I. Think if woman were bleeding from the mouth, they'd be more concerned too. You know I always worry about a lot blood loss and everything else, but he's like no you're. Fine, he is is a lot he's, got patients bleeding up from their mouths he's like well, no, no baby! He said it's the only time. That's ever happened! That's exactly time. Anybody has talked himself out of huh out of the recovery. You know how much does that that procedure cost he's expensive, yeah, gaveling Medicare? It can I think it comes in like eleven thousand. My surgery would have been thirty, eight thousand thirty thousand. That is restrict right, but I mean it's so good. It's so life-changing what man! That's it's implants for, like five thousand dollars a tooth, and so, if you need 32 teeth, replace like oh, that's way more expensive, like it's a hundred and fifty thousand or something yeah. This procedure is cutting-edge. It's been done like ten thousand times, I. Think now he's done it and there's like the all on system and then there's the g4 system. What's like what's cutting-edge about it, like it's a much faster turnaround, it's easier and a lot less expensive than the other options, and so I was really surprised really glad to do it. But the reason I did is because Jake the snake Roberts I've talked to him like once Diamond Dallas Page mean him or friends and Jake got the procedure done and it went viral and, like a lot of you, know I. So that's why I reached out of the company I'm like please help me I will proselytize I will go on the h3 podcast and will tell everybody that's listening there that you guys offer this service because I know there's a lot of people other, but when they agreed to do it for like 12 other people, how do you not do it for even if I didn't want to do it at that point I we can do it. I don't want some new origin record. You know that there's people in Hollywood and I and I'm almost sure this is true who have teeth like mine that are fine, but not like extraordinarily beautiful or anything and they'll. Get these [ __ ] yanked and gets beautiful brand new teeth in or veneers I was talking to you. I swear bro there. Why is it that everyone probably is walking through it unless you needed to medically, because you have like beautiful, perfect one procedure for sure um? It was far it was not great. The first 24 hours- it's not great. The first week was not great, but after the first week I was in less far less pain than I. Was any other point with my teeth problems. Bro. Do you think that getting fake titties is pleasant? They do they get fake asses. Kim Kardashian has like two cabbages in her an ass right. The Abbi. Do you have you seen I'm telling you like I, guess I, just we gotta find pictures of like celebrities with like ridiculously perfect teeth. You can almost tell when their faith I, always wonder. Jim, Carrey, Steve or fake cuz. There, Jim Carrey, listen come up. You ought to bring up. You ought to bring up a before picture of my teeth because there's a hug they're, so bad looks like the broken picket fence around my gym bag, this cord of uh. It's got some pictures of some celebs that have done it yeah. Oh, we got celebs they've done it. This is what I'm into this is what and you're right I mean the second one down is Hilary Duff and they have before and after well we're fine, really what I don't know what's going on? No, that's! Not real scroll down one though [ __ ] down the second one is very obvious: the Duff yeah bro. Well, you know I'm not convinced about that one either. Here's that here's! What I will tell you, people treat you different when you do this Israel I'm, so weird the Clooney, but then you can kind of see like what is going on like did you see what I'm saying you look like white? What is with these beautiful, perfect teeth that they have like I know it. So Americans are obsessed, they are okay, get a load of this I. Think that's why I'm so shocked that anyone would do it unless they had to like medically well think about when I think about this, it's normal to put braces on kids, because there's teeth need to be straightened for right, I mean that's so straight-up cosmetic surgery right, it's crazy, but you'd, like you just said, people treat on the way back well yeah from surgery. I noticed for the first time, I was going through the airport and every time I've ever gone to like the airport, the girl behind the counter. Does this she's, like hello, sir mmhmm yeah, are you going? You have your ID and the very first person I interacted with after surgery she's like hi, sir? How are you today? Yes, do you have your ID like direct and high contact the whole time and I stopped to get a sandwich and the guy behind the counter is like hi? How are you they surfing? I'm, like? Are people really the shallow? Does it make no I, don't give I, don't think it's shallow I think that you almost you just wanted to avert your gaze, because you don't want to stare or be rude or something I. Think I. Don't think that it's like oh he's, so hideous I, can't look at him right. I. Just think that it's like, because I do that saying: I! Do that same thing with attractive people to I'm like I, have to stare directly in your eyes and because I don't want to look at those delicious man boobs, you have that right back yeah. But what do you mean? That's a cosmetic surgery, absolutely yeah, but do you see what I'm saying like it does make a diff like she's got these celebrities? They have to be perfect right right. They got the fake ass. They got the fake tits. Let's get some fake teeth in there too. I guess if it'd make you if it makes you feel better about yourself, I'm, not one to judge but wait. This is a love song if it makes you happy. Look at that beautiful day, yeah you're, an exclusive club now bugs oh hell, yeah Chris Rock, look I'm telling you his teeth are great before, but there's there's a bunch of gaps. Yeah. Thank you. God adds personality I agree, but they disagree with you her chill my other mother fYI. They get wooden teeth back. In look perfect. Now, friend of the show yeah he's a friend, so there you have it I'm telling you I love this man. 50 cent. Look at that beautiful smile! Oh that's! A smart call, but like some people get just veneers as well right like you're, right, Jim, Carrey, apparently Oh a chipped tooth come on get out of here with this yeah yeah. Look at that beautiful teeth! Oh that's, perfect! Right, yeah, I didn't want mine to be -. Okay, so I asked for one dollar. Please I didn't wanted to be perfectly. Even you know, ya know, I feel you can't go right. I don't want to be greedy. All right, so I want I, ask for longer. Canines and I jokingly said: can I get vampire teeth and it's like yeah I like what he's like I didn't get them. It looks normal, but he's like if you want. If you want weird teeth, you come back in here with some money we'll make whatever crazy people you want. We don't care yeah if I was you're gonna, be like trust me, you do not that one like giant werewolf, bring teeth or something I. Don't know. I go like get a guerrilla I. Guess I can make me a grill now sure, except it wouldn't be a grill over these prosthetic teeth. We have a grill man, that's crazy! What is the maintenance, like it's a pain in the ass, so number one? Obviously this is my teeth were rotting out. I didn't have a very good maintenance, routine I did mouthwash twice a day and I was done. Brush ya, know cuz it hurt the brush. I was painful, it was excruciating. I would bleed every time I tried to brush. You know: I had like 17 toughen tanned teeth anyway, but like can you imagine, when you have an infection taking a toothbrush over, it is miserable, so just hit mouthwash two or three times a day. Now I've got a brush after every meal. I have to my mouth out with mouthwash after every meal I have to floss, but you don't floss between the teeth, because there is no gap between these people. The gap is between the gums and the bridge. I have to start off with water pick that make sure there's nothing under there and then I have to take those right and actually I'm, not flossing. The bridge I'm flossing, the metal posts, those metal posts built there's market I was wondering. There's no gap: yeah yeah, it's pain in the ass yeah, that's pretty intense yeah! It's a pain in the ass, but it's worth it I mean once you have to keep this nice I'm gonna take care of for the rest of my life I'm, so excited to have them right. Yeah I had nice teeth. Growing up, I might have taken care of them mm-hm. But it's been. It's been really weird like, like you mentioned the the start of the podcast, the ability to walk this morning, I woke up and had another crater one of the bright. A lunch before I came to the show I'm like okay. Where do you want to meet so we walked for two and a half blocks and I didn't think about it and I'm like sore I had blisters on my feet from universal yeah, but yeah. It's it's! It's very freeing because I had to do right after the show last year, I had to do physical therapy mmm and there I think, maybe just before actually and they they were telling me. You have to learn how to walk again. You're still walking like a 600 pound got your swaddling right. We have to teach you everything how to walk, how to sit, how to be in your new body mm-hmm, and now that I've done that I've gone cave, exploring a couple times. I've hiked the mountain in Colorado I only made it like halfway up, I might like two miles up, but still be able to do that and I think I can make it at the top of that mountain. Now. It's just I know it's very freeing. Yeah I can imagine I mean it's fascinating, because I I feel like there's. Obviously the first time I came here. I felt like I was gonna die like that right, I, never thought I would dig Muro I didn't think you had long to live, I mean you were you did not I mean man, you you couldn't even make it down the stairs. You had to sit down and catch your breath. Oh that's, very dimensional, yeah I really was I was in so much pain that too, because we're doing VidCon and we were traveling and I injured. My back a little bit that day. So I, remember you told me you were on the ground just in pain. You could do your back bones so bad and so as your pain in your joints in your back and everything, getting my teeth out. Maybe huge difference for my back pain. I can't believe it, but he's like oh I'm, a constantly uh college and it's all connected right and so I was out of like a for everyday. When I woke up before the teep getting taken out three weeks ago, now, three weeks later, I'm at a one when I wake up I'm, not even taking my pain, medication right, I'm, credible I'm, just like I just get up and move it's I can't congratulate yeah yeah. That's a beautiful, so I'm curious to see where I'm gonna be this time. That's here, the Internet is convinced: I'm, not gonna, get fat again yeah and like I'm gonna, reverse the process, but I I'm so motivated by not do that because life is yet Internet is truly a collection of the very most I li yeah yeah you're, not right you're, not running like I, don't know it's like George Carlin said I, don't insult any viewers out there. Obviously right go ahead in Salt, Lake George. Do it George Carlin once said think of someone you know of average intelligence and not average intelligence for your sprint circle with actual average nouns and then remember, half the world's dumber than that [ __ ] yeah, that's a great loss like I, think there's a lot of smart people out there who are purposely obtuse and purposely, but they don't listen to this show right. Of course, the only the smart most but I will say some of those idiots see clips from the show and they're like. Let's use this as a weapon, you know, let's take a quick break when I come back. I want to talk about the blowback you got from the last time. He came. Oh yeah, that was fairly you had some you had some issues, I didn't really follow. It. I had a great time. I thought I was I, just thought it was one of the best and I went off and did the rest of VidCon and then I made the mistake of checking Twitter at one point, I was like oh, my guy, like death threats, had people like calling for my blood the end of my career I'm like okay. Well, let's get into that I'm curious, cuz, I, don't know what you said. So, let's take a quick break, guys we'll be right back and we will find out why there's a bounty on know, they're. Looking right, there probably is yeah the man. No, no, let's be right back, no one's got time to go to the post office. You're busy, I'm busy we're all busy. Okay, the post office is a pain in the butt. That's why you need stamps calm, the most popular time-saving tool for small businesses and individuals that just liked us and stuff in the mail. Sam saw comm, eliminates trips to the post office and saves you time and money with discounts that you couldn't even get at the post office. Stamps comm brings all the amazing services of the u.s. post office right to your computer, whether your small office, sending invoices or an online sellers shipping out products or just a sweet young grandchild, who's sending birthday cards to his grandma. Even a warehouse sending thousands of packages a day stamps.com can handle it with ease, simply use your computer to print official US postage 24/7 for any letter any package, any class of mail anywhere. You want to send once your mail is ready, you just hand it to your mail carrier or drop it in a mailbox. It's really that simple, with Sam's comm, you get five cents off every first-class stamp at up to 40% off Priority Mail, not to mention it's a fraction of the cost of those expensive postage. Meters. I, don't know what postage Mainers are but I! Guess. If you're someone who knows what it is, you know what it is Sam's do you know what I mean like you either know where you don't Sam comm is a no-brainer saving you time and money, it's no wonder over 700,000 small businesses or to use stamps comm. Listen to this offer. This is a good one right now our listeners get a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a digital scale. Without any long-term commitment, free postage. Just like free money go to stamps calm, that's literally free money. You know you can buy [ __ ] with stamps. They say it's legally money. Is that right then, let's go stand: I, don't don't try that, but something I've heard go to stamps. Calm click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type h3 that stamps comm go to the microphone enter h3. If you want some free postage scales, the whole shebang convenience everything, Samsung Co did you that you spent? Did you know that the average person spends 90% of their life and underwear? No my case a hundred percent because I have a phobia and I, don't like taking my dick out ever like when me and when we conceived I was wearing boxers but just get took it out of the hole right so in my case, a hundred percent, and then so that means it's really important that I'm in the most comfortable underwear that I could possibly find on the market. That's why I like to introduce you guys to me undies, it's made of micro modal, it's soft as hell! It's breathable! It's gonna change your life because a lot of us walk around these cheap package. Underwear, that's chafing! It's an it's! A all over the place! You have too much freedom. Let's say in some cases you have not enough. That's what me undies innovates, it's soft, its flexible, its breathable. It has it all! You didn't know that underwear could be this comfortable until you put it's in size, give it a shot. You got nothing to lose here. Okay, it's so soft! It's three times softer than cotton, you're gonna feel like you're, being hugged by joy itself, and you got multiple styles for women, men and women. Making out try new boxer briefs with a fly, what an innovation which is some of the great cut as boxer briefs now and added option for guys who prefer to go through the gate first over the fence. That way. There's a third option that many people don't know about. You can go down the leg hole just a third option: the tunnel down the tunnel through the tunnel sure the man DS is also go-to for the softest loungewear on the planet, hang out in their supply, comfy, lounge, pants and onesies. Yes, man. These makes onesies and they're incredible. So here's where basically you've nothing to lose mandis has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchaser. When you get any my undies, you get 15% off and free shipping get 50% off a pair of the most comfortable undies you will ever put on and there's a hundred percent satisfaction guaranteed. So if you don't like it boom, send it back, they don't Center in it. They're burn it and you get your money back. So it's a goddamn. We went 15% off your first pair of free shipping. 100% satisfaction guaranteed, go to Mandy's comm /h tree. That's me: Andy's, calm, /h of the welcome back. We are here with year boy, a boogie and we've got the tensions, explained so you're in the hot seat. Now I destroy my career on this part. Yes, so used to say that, but obviously you're here you're back you're good good, go I, love your aunties! No, but you didn't really destroy. I know if can feel like that I'll plan we've all kind of we've all kind of felt that times. But do you really think that you nearly destroyed your career last time, you're on here, um well and specifically, what topic? Okay? So we were talking about like the lbgtq community and I said something very stupid. I, don't want to repeat what I said: cuz it was really stupid. Um, okay, I! Don't remember what you said. No, it was I was talking about like same-sex marriage and how the Supreme Court ratified it really quickly and how the world, like reacted. Very poorly to that and I, my intention was to say that I I hate that people are getting killed over the [ __, ] and I wish that we had a way for people not get killed. The way I said it was very stupid basically, but that was my intention. I, don't I hate that people are killing each other in the streets and I. Just don't want that to happen right and because that people took it out of context and they ignored the intention and then it was it was miserable, so okay, so it was just that one statement about and that's right, what's the big one that was the biggest I thought it was about like something else, cuz that I didn't. We were talking about all kinds of wonderful things. Like feeder, you had a expression that I was on the show yeah, if I'm being honest, I was in a complete mental breakdown. I was in the middle of a complete mental breakdown. The last year of my life last two years of my life since the gastric bypass surgery almost two years ago, has been both the best year of my life because of my recovery and the worst year of my life because of the changes I've gone through and the negative and attention I'm getting on the Internet and like who gets here's a story, they gave you an example of how rough my life has been. I, don't want to play the victim or anything like that, but my ex-wife and I agreed to separate two months after my gastric bypass surgery right and we didn't make it public until, like four months after my gastric bypass surgery, so I go to the one-year meeting with my surgeon who did my gastric bypass and I'm depressed, because I started off at 550 ish right, my biggest error was 587 I go into the office and I'm like 380 mmm at the one-year mark and now I'm like 340, but at 380 I felt defeated because I expected to do so much more till a lot of it was right 117. What did you expect? I mean what did I want it to be. Well, that's the thing so I tell the doctor how frustrated I am how mad I am and he's like. Steve I want to show you a chart and he pulls out of Chardon. He says you've lost 50% of your excess body weight mm-hmm at the one-year mark. Now that the here's your chart, here's where you charted here is the national average for people get the surgery you're exactly on cue. You have lost exactly 50 percent of your excess body weight after one year. That's what everybody does your average and I'm like, but I didn't want to be average done. Yeah I wanted to be exceptional. I've got a lot of people watching a lot of people counting on me and I wanted to do better and he goes. But do you don't have any idea how many of my patients go through a divorce in the first three months of a Hesus? If I'm being entirely honest with you, we watched your videos in the audience in the office and when you announced that you were getting divorced, we didn't think you were gonna lose any more weight. We thought you were gonna, stop it like four thirty, four twenty mmm now here you are 380 and you're still losing yeah and the window hasn't closed. You still have plenty of chances to lose weight. You are the exception. I've never had a patient go through a. We have plenty of divorces, because it's very common with this procedure, but never two months after the surgery. That's never happened. Plus, lest you are here, you spoke very highly of your ex-wife and I still will you guys are very honorable, we're still friends. I've talked to her most of the time I've been here, we've been trading pictures back and forth, we're still friendly. Just really the timing, though yeah we just we didn't worse when we we just yeah and we just didn't work and she had things that she wanted to go, do and things that I needed to go, do and God loved her here's the thing she could have easily left before that surgery and I would have never gotten it. She would have been leaving me for dead. She stuck around through the surgery she stuck around through the recovery. I wasn't fully recovered, but I stop bleeding. For the most part, I I was able to take some care of myself. She left me in good hands with my best friend of my roommate. You know, and he stayed like an extra month after we agreed to separate just to make sure I was okay right. That is very nice. She said she's a good person I'm still, you know I, probably the love of my life honestly I, don't know that I'll ever love, anybody the way, I loved, her and and Dom's like you still have when you say that that makes me wonder if you see down the road, some kind of reconciliation or relation, if I'm being entirely brutally honest and I feel no reason not to you know. This is one of those moments where my brains, like don't say it but I'm gonna, say it. If I'm entirely brutally honest, we didn't work and we weren't happy and I, don't see us ever working because we just don't have the matching personality types and she said something to me on the way out the door that I'll never forget. She's, like I, told her I'm like I'll, never get remarried after this and she's like you're, already married and I'm like I know, but we're getting a divorce because that's not I'm talking about you're married to this job, she's cool! It's all you do, even when you couldn't do anything else, you're in front of this computer 12 hours a day working on YouTube working on streaming, working on phone calls working on brand deals. It's all you do. Isn't that a little unfair though, because I mean that is how you guys met right. Well, yeah we met through YouTube yeah, but she's not wrong. Right I mean you know, and so that's been my focus. In the last year, I started dating I talked about last time. I was on the show, I started dating and doing the whole youtuber thing like hey, I've got money and hey I'm kind of famous and hey I can meet a lot of girls and then that got really boring after like six months or so, and it went wrong. A few times. I'm like I, met a lot of robbery. Unsavory people like girls who would like who are in it for the money I like asked for money right. Would they ask you for like hey? Can you help me with rent and here's the kinda look for hunter bucks for run Oh for real all right, I'm like no like, of course not like this- is where this is not prostitution. We're we're dating right, a good dealer process right. That's a good deal yeah, especially some of the girls that I got to go out, but eventually I realized that I, don't think I'm meeting anybody with good intentions, any time soon fare and then don't get wrong if you're a sugar baby out there, if you're a gold, digger you're, a sex worker I got nothing but love and respect for you she's, not something that I necessarily need a mile for the time. Yeah right now right! You you need you need emotional, you need nurturing bingo right, and so you know that's what I was looking for is an emotional relationship, not a physical one. It was nice having a physical relationship. I didn't get to do that in college, so it was nice to do that. Post divorce, but now I, guess eight months of just not really looking or not. You haven't been romantically involved or I. Really I've had a few dates. Just like hey. Do you want to go see in game with me all right? Let's go same game yeah, you know or let's let's you I like you to ruse Chris you're cute. Do you want to eat a roost Chris tonight, and then sometimes we make it back to my house and sometimes we don't it's mostly just about the experience and sharing with somebody pretty, but never am I I'm, not even considering an emotional relationship, because I want to work on my business and I want to work on my body and when I get to the weight that I'm at when I get the way that I want to look when I've got the money in the bank that I want to have then I'll start looking for somebody and as it is right now, it's just making how much money do you need in a bank to get it took? You know you look it you don't got to pull off so much. I want a theorem to go through the roof, because once I have fuck-you money now, I'm still gonna do YouTube. It's going to do it difference. So what are y'all friends? Let us you money in your mind. I would like to have I'd like to have a solid cleared one point: five million and I'm not tied up into my house, not tied up in the cars and I'll tie it up into anything else. I have one point: five million dollars liquid, that I can invest and put wherever I want. It make me more money when I have that kind of money. I will be so Arkansas rich I'll. Never tell anybody in the state, except the Waltons, of course, right. Arkansas, rich I love that yeah 1.5 million doesn't get you very far. No, it does not, but in Arkansas it gets you off like ten houses, because I bought my dream home there for like a quarter million and then they're in the divorce. We had to change ownership and everything. So we had to get reevaluated and I got to re-evaluate at 310 I've owned it for years. So my house it was like 270, is what we bought it for announced for 310 yeah, so I bless for a right. What are you making money yeah living in it? My mortgage is only 1500 1500 month, yeah off of a 15-year mortgage, yeah, saying yeah, that's really good, so III think eventually, I'm just gonna become a well I, think he's more out there and buy all the house yeah absolutely thrown like a block- and this is my blocking this absolutely set up centuries and barbed wire fence. Right, powered events, real-life tower fence right, be ready with Amin, but that's the that's the thing when it when I get to that point. It's just gonna the only thing I'm really change, I think I would I want to do. Youtube yeah I would have thought that you would have already had some more close to that already. Well, I did get divorced yeah. You know that you lose half yeah right, but a lot of people always think I made one. Even I did, but you remember YouTube. At the beginning the view numbers were low, even though the pay was I right, yeah and I've. Only ever I'm still working on my billionth of view. I still haven't had my billion view tube even right and had revenue for me. I've always been on Adsense I've never been with an MCN, so I've always had the lowest possible ad rates off of Adsense and then I've never been really brand friendly. On top of that, because the Francis video isn't breaking stuff and destroying stuff and smashing stuff, so it's been hard to get brains to work with and I've really changed that in the last three years. Yeah. But most of the money that was offered to me would be video game companies right, mmm and hey. Let's fly you out and we'll give you some money review our game: I'm, not taking money to review a game on what planet. Well, then, don't review it just talk about it. Okay, but that's a lie right well: I did that once really I actually did that once with the Ubisoft game ooh Ubisoft well, I have, for it was a Assassin's Creed, the one that had multiplayer and right and they like booked the flights we booked, the tickets, we booked the hotel and we want you to come out and play it, and so they had two rounds of influencer showing up, and one of my friends showed up for the first round, your phone, sorry I'm, sorry buggy. Following issues here, I swear to God I. Viewed it [, __, ], unbelievable or slap you right in the Fupa yeah, no, but Ubisoft the the Assassin's Creed game with the multiplayer in it. Even they booked the tickets, the the booked, the flights that booked the hotel, the whole nine yards. I pay. You yeah a little bit like spending money, okay and just just a cover of meals and [, __, ], right, yeah and so I'm ready to go out and play the game and experience it and they want. You give an honest review right, but I don't know how I feel about flying out to play a game now. I do because I just trashed Mortal Kombat 11 for its microtransactions, even though they flew me out for the reveal for that right. But at the time I was new and I was nervous and I didn't know how it feel about trashing. A game I got a trip for right yeah, so they had two rounds of influencers and my friend did the first round and she calls me and she's like do not show up and like watch you guys. It's a [, __ ] show hmm it's miserable III screen for two or we film for two hours. I got 15 minutes of usable footage. It's it's a fit show about it. The multiplayer aspect was poorly coded. Just saying the game itself was bad right and I'm like oh, that's juicy. Nonetheless, right I'm like I, then I'm definitely not going to show up and I I called my company that was arranging everything and I'm, like hey, I'm, feeling a little ill and I'm also feeling uncomfortable about the deal and they're. Like you know, you have a back out clause where we, you agree to pay us. If you back out from this and I'm like well, I, don't agree to pay. You and I know I signed a piece of paper, but I'm never paying you and I'll never work with you again. If you try to make me and they're like alright we're sorry, why don't you just show up and give it a shitty review? Cuz I didn't want to take a big dump on the developers. I don't mind, taking a dump on a CEO right like the CEO of epic Tim Sweeney I'll go far out and ahem Sweeney all day right, but I don't want I, don't want to take a dump on the developers who work on fortnight. I don't want to take a dump on the people who are working on the storefront in epic, the people Tim Sweeney, hires, Tim Sweeney's, making decisions, Tim Sweeney bonuses right yeah by pushing out an uncomplete game. That's not on the developer right right! It's never! On the developer. It's always on the guy who gets that twenty million dollar bonus at Activision yeah. It's always on that. It Bobby Connick, it's always I'm part economy, so I will I will bully Bobby Kotick all day, but I will not bully a single person that works under Bobby Kotik, because why would I see it's he's under the pay grade? If you get a 20 million dollar bonus, you're, damn right, I'm gonna talk, [ __ ] about you on the other, and so when you didn't show up, was there beef with Ubisoft? They are actually really cool about it because I think they understood that the state of the game, but they all come right. It's probably it right right, actually, the whole things off, but then, like Ed Boon, flew me out to play. Mortal Kombat, 11 and I will tell you right now: I the gameplay loop for Mortal Kombat, 11, I love. If you go to the story mode, if you go to the the local fighting or the online fighting, you will never notice the microtransactions they're just not built into the game in a way that annoys you right. But if you go to the towers of time or if you go to the Crypt or if you go to the customization, it's right there in your face and looks of course, I have to complain about that right and I feel so bad because I love, Ed, Boon and I love the Mortal Kombat game loop and I love the entire franchise and I got the flower to play the game, but, of course, I'm making a video talking about that. You have to write like it. If I don't have my integrity on YouTube, then what do I have that we live and die by our integrity right, so I felt super bad, but I'm like trashing Ed's game. You know it's worth buying if you like the gameplay loop, but they should never deal with it with him, Dylan, microtransactions and there's something else that really bothered me about Mortal Kombat 11- and this is I- think this will be the viral clip that makes Twitter mad at me. So get ready. Everybody buckle up but I'm playing through Mortal, Kombat, 11 and I'm playing the story mode and at one point Shao Kahn says actually to me honestly. I, don't remember him saying it personally experiencing it. I've seen other people talk about it, though I think it is in story mode. It might be in like one of his lines, so you haven't seen it you've. Seen a clevy people talking about I've, seen people talk about it uh-huh, but I didn't pay that much attention to the story. Mode I just wanted. The rewards I mean hear about the story. I skipped it through a lot, but at some point apparently Shao Kahn, the big bad of the Mortal Kombat series says: make Outland great again. That's why I'm wearing the shirt I'm wearing today? This is my most political shirt, yeah soren running for yeah. That's a bad! That's a bad! Take on great again right! So our make middle-earth right good again right, maybe Mordor! That's a bad, but so you have Shao Kahn, emulating, Donald, Trump and all I can think is some to play. Mortal Kombat 11! It's like! Can I play one game without remembering one apocalyptic statement? That's there I think it's almost a prism left guy samus gave me Mortal Kombat 11 used to be all escapism. Mortal Kombat is escapism yeah right, you're, literally ripping people's tits off and feeding him to them. Right like that's, the entire point of the game is to escape reality, yeah and and now I have to I. Don't want, can I not think about Donald Trump for like a day. Is that a thing I could do not because I thought no, you can I'm a huge Stephen. King fan, love Stephen King I fought Stephen King on Twitter twelve years ago, when he created his tweeter Twitter right and I created mine, and he would talk about its books and to talk about his family and talk about it. These families books and we talked about like the movies they were making a lot of falling Stephen, King and now all Stephen King does his tweet about Donald Trump ten times a day 20 times a day 30 times a day and I don't disagree. I, do not disagree with a single thing that Stephen King has to say about all from, but can we talk about your books? Can you write a book man? Can you make a movie? Can we have 12 minutes where I'm scared of a [, __ ] monster? Again, that's not a living actual monster in this country. Stephen King would probably say that he it's probably just what's up, you know. What's in his brain, you know just the way he's they and let's I mean Donald. Trump is the king of getting attention. Of course right, like he's, he loves all the more reason to not give him the attention, but yeah I, agree with you. I I have found myself like I used to be fan of the late night shows the Fallon's, the Jimmy's and all the Jimmy is not the Jim, not all the Jimmy's, the Kimbell, the Kimball's, and it's like you know, especially Colbert's unwatchable now, like I, was a big fan of The, Colbert Report and he's just I. Look at him and I still watch because there's nothing to watch ever on television, I, wonder every night, I wonder to myself why the [ __ ] am I paying for dish, raaah, hey, it's so expensive for so many commercials and there's never anything to watch. That being said, I look at Colbert and I'm like this hack. It's all he talks about is Donald Trump's, exhaustion and I and I hate how he just assumes that everyone who watches a show like as on his page, you know where he's like well, Donald Trump's, the biggest [ __ ], loser in the world and everyone's like right right. It's like well I, know a lot of Trump supporters and that's weird right, not very many in Arkansas, because there's very few and where I live in Arkansas, hmm, but a lot of people where I grew up in Virginia mm-hm and most of them do not like Donald Trump. They do not like him as a person. They do not like his politics what they voted for. They wanted the coal mines to reopen. They wanted him to try to bring business back to like jobs to America and that's why they voted for him and they'll vote for him again because they hope that's what happened. He's gonna get him right. You can't explain to him. You can't yeah I joke about being super Idol on stream. All the time and people are like why I'm like dude I, don't live through a second trump presidency. It's not like it's not even really Trump's like I, don't like the trumpet's policy, I see a stereo going on a nation. I can't handle it. You know, besides of whoever, whatever you think about Trump I'll, go on the record and say that he's not my guy right he's. Definitely not my guy he's not my guy opposite, oh my god, but it's it is exhausting and it's like, and it is interesting how the media is so, especially all the late night. It's just like a giant circle jerk where they're all like rubbing, [, __, ] and coming on each other. People want cuz Colbert's number one and he talks the most he's really funny. I mean don't get me wrong. I get it. I still walked out I'm, starting to doubt that they have these intro sketches every time, and it's like the dumbest thing. We should get a. We should get like a compilation of his intro sketches watch, her no I, don't know I agree. You know who I like John Oliver he's okay he's a little smarmy like he is. Yes, he has his moments, but what is valid? What I like about it is it's often educational and he's. Those are my nothing he's nothing like a centrist at all right, but when he attacks I have friends and family who have been addicted to opiates right and when he attacks the the people who created that that loop for those fear, yeah I'm, just like I, couldn't get more of John on yeah. Is that right and it's when he does Trump when he does the other stuff? He does in a way that I think I learn something so I, never mind. Cuz, I, love to learn, but I never feel like I learned from Stephen Colbert, because it's absolutely er. It's clowning right yeah, but even if I don't agree with John Oliver I learned from John all do you watch 60 minutes very rarely in Utah, yeah yeah 60 minutes is one of the best shows watch. Youtube I might actually, but they I mean they're like about the opiate phenomenon right right much and they really put people on blast and they absolutely showed right like when you look at what they were doing with most of the really high-end oxycontin I took oxycontin after my surgery. How is that legal I was well I'm morphing directly through my mouth, I couldn't believe, certainly shouldn't be so what the 60 minutes. What report they've talked about like the first of all the drug companies that knew it was super dangerous and super addictive that had it classified by the FDA as suitable for use for everyday use, so they fought our with the FDA and they make it suitable for everyday use, so they're being sued and fought over like the the nicotine, the cigarette companies were, you know like decades ago, but at the same time there's also stuff, like pain clinics. Have you heard about this and that's unbelievable? You've got these crooked doctors that are setting up pain, clinics and, like there was one city like somewhere in in the rural central united states that imported enough oxycontin pills that it was like a thousand per resident of that city of that city. Right right, like and so they're like. How is it possible that this isn't raising any red flags either with the drug manufacturer or the FDA or any regulatory, because they're, basically importing tons of drugs through one crooked doctor and and then becoming drug dealers and evil its army to definitely angles yeah right? And so they were saying that at some of these pain clinics there's just lines out the door, like hundreds, thousands of people every day, just coming here and they're handing out oxycontin it's crazy. It blew my mind this story, so I think in LA and New York and these kind of big cities. It's it's easy to forget what this epidemic is, but there are people dying like literally dying. Oh in small towns, like the small towns, rather than the small town of my ex-wife, now lives in the small town she lives in is it's called well she's, not directly in it, but there's a town near called Escanaba and they literally called meth kanava. Because of how bad the drugs problems are there and the people that have stayed there have either stayed there because they're rich and the only and they're our own business there or it's people who just couldn't escape right and so they're such a small drug force there they can literally do whatever they want that you can sell whatever you want and no one's there to stop you no one's there to bust you and these people are all miserable. So they turn to drugs. Yeah and the profit is through the roof. I know it's legal or illegal: they don't give a [ __ ] the doctors participate there. The drug dealers did you're, not gonna bust it. If you drive over from New York to this part of Michigan and distribute to one of your dealers there and have him live there, you're just gonna make a fortune, and no one's ever gonna find out it's crazy. It's really insane I love. Sixty minutes, though, that's like the last great journalistic show a my opinion. That's not partisan they're, just like beautiful. They don't how it is, and it's really powerful actually just because of what it is I feel like. We are getting to a point where we're starting to have real journalists again and I will use an example here and I Dona hate me using in the example. But there is a journalist at Kotaku called Jason. Fryer and Jason has done some really interesting expose days. He did an expose on the game, anthem and why it failed and Bioware's overworking culture and how there was only 18, but luckily he went in and they found people that worked for Bioware and talked to them about the experiences there and created an expose very similar to what reporters used to do in the 80s right. They he blew the lid off of a real story and it wasn't for political gain. It wasn't for social justice reasons: here's to try to make the gaming industry better mm-hmm and I literally applauded him. I slid into his DMS the next and I'm like this is actual journalism. You were doing actual journalism, please keep doing it and I, don't think he even responded to me because I don't think he likes me but yeah, but like it's a following, yeah I know: I think he used to and that's why I can still be mmm like exchange words, not nice words at some points too, but I like have so much respect for that guy, because he's doing actual gaming journalism and actually exists and he's doing it and like I, want to celebrate that man I want to applaud that man. I want to just write him a check, and just do this more. Please can we have that in this nation, not report on your feelings but report on facts and like get actual sources to talk about stuff and not besides it, like you, said, tell the story: yeah they're out there, but they're, not you know increasingly less. It's people want juice. Man, of course, I want that juice right. Let me ask it: did you watch the new game of Thrones I? Do? Can we talk about that, and do you think that we're I mean everyone who's? A fan would have washed it by now right, uh, yeah, pretty much right. I can't see anybody being really yeah honestly and even after watching it I was like you couldn't really spoil this. It's like it just is what it is right. I was on YouTube trending, dude I was watching everything the trending tab and there was a [ __ ] spoiler on [ __ ]. This was like number three on trending. It shows Arya stabbing yeah, trending, YouTube I have a fan account mojo I, have a fan, account um the Sammy 298. It's you know, a fan who pretends to be my dog on Twitter and he spoiled Game of Thrones 30 minutes. After was over with a tweet and everybody's like boogie, you piece of crap you're spoiling like number one I'm, not spoiling anything. That's a fan number two. Have you checked Twitter, because it's literally on the trending page right now yeah? So we wanted to talk about that, because Dan had some gripes with it pretty happy with that I enjoy every second yeah yeah I did I actually did I understand the criticism, though, because, like the criticism being first of all, I agree like when the night king was defeated, like that, it's like damn, he can't he entered the game and immediately left like you have, though, at that build-up of the whole series was this showdown, I mean the the series is called. You know: Ice and Fire, the Song of Ice and Fire. Well that ice that ice. It's not really song it's more of an ice of fire like a little the story of of icicle it's because they went with a short season. Right like that cookies. They wrapped that battle could have taken place over two or three episodes right and you could have the scene where Arya is inside the the little thing you have these conversations and the Crypt lasts longer. It should have been two or three episodes right yeah they just like I, had to do it in one episode, because they're doing us six episode season or whatever reason, I, don't write, really long episode when you think about it was it was hour and a half yeah, but I think that um it was mark. - I have an HDR TV I'm like like so I, guess that was okay yeah, we always turn the lights off and even then on my 70 inch HDR I'm like why there was lots of comments about the dark, yeah but I loved that whole beginning widows down are me that was oh. That was so yeah. It did exactly like he's number one, here's my biggest complaint about that. Why would those swords go out if they have a spell cast on him? Just because somebody died, it doesn't make any sense. The swords would go out right. Okay, because I played it up, there's a blizzard. They had some babies right right, but I remember the Dragons got lost in the blizzard. Oh that's nice! You might be right yeah, but the whole the whole thing was. It was really good storytelling right like that moment, I'll! Never forget that moment. It's the swords begin to fall and the darkness takes over I'm like it's really poetic. It's really beautiful and I saw a lot of people complaining about it. I'm like with it, was a complaint uh. Well, it was like that's not realistic. This sword should still be on fire right. Oh and I'm, like dude. That's your imagination, right I'm, like dude, stop! You were watching snow with zombies and Dragons. You are complaining about swords going out bro. It's date. They have a ice spell right, just whatever we on right. Whatever reason you want to make up is fine. Well that wasn't yeah I didn't I, but but I understand it's like the night king. You have this epic build-up and then all the sudden she's, like boom game over you know mostly brand and brand that useless Kim. Nothing happened that was beyond Greyjoy was the character I most wanted to live, yeah cuz, I feel like I can relate to the character because, like I feel like emotionally were kind of similar characters. That's sad, but that's true right up your penis, though right examine as much as a 400-pound guy. Can you know they say for every hundred pounds you lose yeah. You gain back an inch and I'm up to two inches. Now man wait I'm, hoping one day, it'll be usable as I get fatter. My dick gets smaller. Oh definitely yeah, though I don't know what the question is with your penis I haven't any not an outie yeah helmut [, __ ] myself and I'm like I already. Can you see your penis now like? How is the visibility great? It's really great I can do like actual sex. It's weird yeah I can commit sex on somebody. If they let have you had indicated, he lost a lot of weight, mm-hmm and so what's the difference. Well, at 600 pounds there was one position that worked. That was reverse cowgirl. Basically, they you lay down and they yeah. They do. The word right word, so it's easy to make sure you're maintaining consent, because if they get bored, there's get them leaf. Yeah right, cuz, I, wouldn't do anything other than like letting it happen, and so now what positions are you um? There's there's a few things we can do like reverse cowgirl, still great cowgirl, still great right but sure like if you're willing to handle my little skin. We can do other stuff. You can do like doggy hi doggy, yes, I think we spoke with that and you put the fat on the girl, yeah man and I skin. Now it's not bad. It's a skin I will show you if you guys want to see gross [, __ ], oh you're, gross yeah, now we're good okay, I just showed it on my youtube channel yeah. Of course here's the next viral moment, Twitter's gonna get mad about this, but so I've gained and lost weight. My whole life, so obviously there's still a tremendous amount of fat here right. You want to talk about. Fupa, do ya mmm-hmm, look at what I'm like at this solution, and this is all loose skin and my doctor tells me he wants to do cosmetic surgery. I, don't think it's cosmetic at this point. You know why you hit him by doing do it yeah we're okay, can I tell I almost want to touch it by the man I'm a little sweaty, because the airs not working in here right now, but yeah look at it's just loose miserable skin. That's fine! I! Have it here, - I! Have it leather, like the mantis-like play with that? That's fun like an old man, never felt that much that's interesting. So so, when you're having sex, it's more like lift it up, put it on your butt, go to town right and other girls that are into that. There are girls who have put up with it. I've Mountain met a girl who was like oh I, want you wrinkled skin all over my face right right, and so that's the thing like a lot of people, think I I, really like womanized or whatever I've gone out with, like made a lot of female friends in the last year right. But for the most part you it's, you got to be a special person before I. Take you back home and show you this mess. You have trouble like performing when you're heavier, because I had my biggest yeah yeah right, because I was having hormonal issues like I was producing next to no testosterone, fat produces estrogen, so I had all these like hormonal confusion, confusing blockers I still was able to get there every time. I never had completely performing. But that means you're gonna be like you're gonna be M will be honest and it's your is your erection. Quality improves since you've lost weight since I started taking testosterone but losing weight right. How many do you have you ever tried taking like viagra, something like that? No, but I did start taking the antidepressant at the beginning of the year. Yeah and it's a very common thing where you have trouble finishing yes, and so some girls have really liked that, and some girls have really been annoyed by that you can tell which ones actually you're enjoying wrap it up when they can wrap it up when they're done right, right, yeah I have I started, taking that's the really. The only side effect I've experienced is that my dick has lost like a lot of its sensation. You know which makes it hard to finish and I feel, like my dick has shrunk to I. Don't know if it's writing my dick drunk, you would know yeah I, don't know you've been saying that ik yeah I, don't know if it's cuz I'm getting fatter or older, but like I used to be proud of my dick and now it just looks pathetic right. Well, that's part of getting older to you right, I, don't know I've gone through the reverse thing, because I've lost some weight. What's wrong. I'm, like, oh, my god, look at me, my two inches I'm massive now yeah, there's nothing, there's I mean being proud of your penis is one of the best thing, great fantastic as a man, but you could look at your dick and be like right on bro right. So I think that I think I need to be proud of my dick again mm-hmm. You should be. You should be proud, I noticed, and are you proud of it, it's not about what you think about my deck ELA, it's about how I feel when I masturbate bro? Yes, but but yes, strange concept right, yeah, oh I, like having women in my life and like having female friends right, but you you got to be a special ass girl before I. Take you back to my place and be like hey here's, this fucked-up body. Do you want to see it yeah, but you got to own it I mean nobody, there's! No! There's no I like that! Look if I do enough. I'm like this is my body: do you record yeah? If they say no, then they leave yeah, but soon you're gonna be dude. You're gonna be a slim tight little twink rock I work. I have so I've really been plateaued at about 340 pounds for a while. Now it's been the struggle in between 30 40 and 350 and I know what I need to do. My friend, Diamond Dallas Page, wants me to come and stay with him for a couple weeks to get in the accountability, crib and my exercise and eat right and just like film it and and cherrylle my audience and I really want to do it. I think I'm gonna do it after the Khan season, where I'm traveling all this summer, but the biggest thing I really want to get the skin rule. Yeah, and my doctor told me when he was looking at this stomach last time, he's like that's 30 pounds right there, yeah I would literally pound so I'm 340, but maybe I'm a little closer to 320 or 310 right because yeah and then there's a probably another five ten pounds up here with the the breast tissue. So there's like one surgery here, another surgery here, I, don't think they'll do both at the same time. Maybe they will I, don't know what I don't want to do it twice, but originally I said I would never do it. I don't want to do it every now. It's become such an issue. It's such a terrible I did you think that you wouldn't want to do the syndrome of yours? Look I, don't care abut it like an actual encumbrance right. Exactly right, you know I I, guess on some level I am human. I do would like to be attractive. One time. That's not right! It's not, but you don't have to be feel ashamed to want to look right, but I mean at the end of the day, it's mostly just painful and annoying and and it's causing health concerns now. Yes, eventually, I will do it. What's your diet like? Well, what's your everyday regimen, do you have bad days on diet bad days right like it's a bad day, look like a bad day is like I'm Mexican for dinner and I'll eat like I'll, go, get fajitas and only like two burritos, because that's all I can fit in like two tortillas, where the bria and I'll put in the fridge and then for dinner. I'll have two more and like that'll finish the meal and some that bad I know, but the weight how's that bad. That's, not bad, because I mean it's still best, 1500 calories right there, 1,500 calories, and so, if I had a normal breakfast of like responses to bacon into eggs, are looking at 600 calories there and then so. Is that what your normal breakfast looks like bacon and eggs I've been doing a lot of turkey, bacon and egg whites now lately to try to reduce calories a little bit. But that leaves me so hungry that by the time I'm done with working for the day, I'm stressed because I'm right, it's so hard I'm trying to lose weight- and it's just I've talked about this before, but it's so hard for people that don't have like a fat gene to understand like what hunger right and you know- you're not hungry, like I've, been eating for breakfast like a bowl of unsweetened oatmeal, just with water and some berries and that's it and it's good I enjoy it. It's really wholesome, but you get so [ __, ] hungry. You know towards the middle of the day. That's not your problem, though I mean I get like when I'm hungry, I immediately feel it it's like painful, because I'm there's not much a problem right, but then I go be small. Yeah I mean I, see with you. You'll just get this idea in your head. All of a sudden. It just doesn't go away until we get pizza. That's what I like about the surgery, though, like greasy foods like pizza most of time just makes me really ill for real right. It's kind of nice. So what do you pick out on? What's your like you're, a far too much fruit at home, fruit come on really too much but like I do eventually. Reese's Cups are like one of my biggest things right: I had a mate go to Walmart. Why and I'm like two weeks having that one two weeks, everyone up the bigs for the minis, probably the biggest like how many big? Can you really go hard like two would be really hard. Now that's come on. That's not that honey man, it's you know, but I might have ilysm took a huge hit with a surgery. That's one of the biggest issues right you mean it's slow! Oh, you mean right slows because my boy I went through starvation mode for two years right. So if what my doctor says is to be believed, like I'm, taking a bit of a hit to the metabolism, it'll, hopefully regulate at some point right, but but yeah I'm on a really bad day. I eat 3500 calories, which is enough to maintain 340 pounds, and that's probably like that's a lot right. Yeah and I'm like a really good day. 2500. You know like that's me: it all comes down to stress and it all comes down to comfort eating like there's this youtuber I won't mention any names, but he made a video about, like I, said on twitch one night I'm like I, don't know that I'll ever get smaller than 350 pounds, cuz I'm really happy at my current size and the reason I said that was not because I'd given up I said that, because a lot of people are really worried about me and I wanted to stop worrying I wanted them to know that I was happy where I currently am right. I'm not gonna gain the weight back. I'm gonna. Try to maintain this and I'm probably keep losing, but I want you to know that I'm happy. That was the important part of that story, but they turned it into who he's encouraging people to stay fat and he's gonna die in the next year and all the stuff right? And it's super frustrating cuz. That's number one! That's not what I said: that's not what I meant, but okay, whatever uh, hey I, just wanted people to know that I was happy and I'm so mad. Remembering this that I feel like I I feel like I've lost track. Um have you? Are you in therapy? Oh yeah I'm. In again your problem, Oh Tara piss, recently, actually really because I went in and I'm like I'm dealing with online hate and I'm like losing subscribers I've been because subscribe to youtube.com slash, look at you tonight, but I've been losing subscribers for a while, and it's really frustrating because YouTube is telling me what used to work. Doesn't work anymore and I'm really mad about it and I'm getting a lot of online hate and I. Don't know how to deal with the online hate and he's like. Would it help if I subscribe to you, you know well I'd, be showing you support. Would you like that kind of support and I'm like you, so don't get yeah I stopped for a while and reconnect these. It's like forties fifties right, good, finding it they're a good therapist is super tough right and that's. If you're ever shopping for a therapist, you have to be aggressive and you have to find like I'm sure, you're aggressive about your OBGYN, I'm sure you'd be aggressive about your cancer doctor. You be aggressive about your general practitioner, be even more aggressive about your therapist, because if you don't click, it's not gonna work. Huge problem is to that. You have niche, you haven't kind of a niche issue or your internet right celebrity, exactly which I think in Arkansas. You probably don't have a lot of people that understand, don't I mean and it you don't have to be. Anyone could potentially have insight to understand what that is, but, like you have a lot of therapists out here in LA that have have experience, treating people with that who are performers. That's interest right out. His phone therapy exists. I should find one in LA. He wants to be like bone sessions. Yeah it's possible I. Do you think you could find someone who's, insightful and talented to dream you there, but I just think that people are the doctors. I worked with. Don't get me wrong like he helped me so much with the divorce. If he's listening, I apologize, you know you. He helped me so much with my divorce. Their office is a very good office. Everybody there is very talented, he's very good at what he does. That said in that one area, he just rubbed me really wrong yeah. How do I deal with that right? Yeah, that's! That was the primary focus of what I needed. Then I've made it through the divorce. I had made it through the surgery I made it through, and he was very helpful with that. But now this is my primary issue. What do I do? How do I fix it? Well, I. Could click subscribe on your YouTube channel? That's like some mom [ __, ] yeah. You know what I mean yeah I'll subscribe to you he's a cool guy was a clean Oh. What am I yeah? It's tough! It's a tough problem! I! Don't know that. There's a solution, I think the well I will say and I said, on the show last time, I'm very fortunate to get to talk to a huge number of graders through all the shows and stuff I do and because I'm og, a lot of creators grew up watching me and now that they've made it and gone far past me, they still treat my love and respect, and it's when I go to shows I get to talk to everybody and universally creators are anxious. Universally creators are depressed, mm-hmm that comes apart with being a creative type right, because most creative types are dealing with anxiety, depression, stuff like that yeah, but when it comes to the laser focus of the internet and the way people treat each other on Twitter, because I still believe I said it on the show last time, I got backlash. Understanding on the show. Last time, I'll say it again. I think the way we treat each other is wrong. I think we need empathy, not hatred, I think we need to give people second chances, not destroying one. The first mistake, I think that we need to get people an incentive and an ability to learn from their mistakes and become better people, and that's we will ever have good people. You can't do - James Gunn what you did the James Gunn. You can't do it, you can't do it and I'm glad they I'm glad they took it away, I'm glad they took a step back and I hope. We see start seeing more stuff like that, because when, even when you make a real mistake, even you make a big mistake and say something truly stupid. It is possible to allow that person to continue to exist, learn from their mistakes, be a good example and become better people and I will always believe that and no matter how much hatred I get for it. Treating each other with vitriol is wrong. It will not solve the problem. Well, obviously, that's not I mean that's, not a controversy. It is because, when you tell bullies at that, bullying doesn't work. You get bullied, that's what happened. I think the problem I think I've learned a lot I think in these past years of having dealt with dealt with, things went through a lot I think really it comes down to being able to compartmentalize like reality from from fiction right and, unfortunately, I think that social media is not going anywhere and what it does is just it amplifies. You know negativity. Of course it's designed like you, want to hear the black pill version of me and what I'm about to say, I, genuinely believe this is not hyperbole. I, genuinely believe that social media is designed to divide us. I generally believe that Jack and and Zuckerberg, and all these people that are running these websites know that it's profitable and know that it makes them more more rich and more powerful than angry. We all read each other, the more we fight. That's. Why not only is it natural human interest that we are interested in the juice that were interested in the drama that we're interested in attacking each other, that we love being vitriolic, that we love being anonymous on the internet attacking each other, but they know that. That's not only what we do, but it's profitable to. Let us do it, give us an arena to do it to encourage us to do it, and you know jack God love. You I believe that when Zuckerberg and Jack and all these guys make their changes, they only make changes right up to the point that they can't be sued anymore, because that's what they care about sure I believe I believe that there's a possibility that that's true I think that we are just not well equipped as human beings to deal with that kind of of floating consciousness of like social media and what it does to us. I think we're gonna get better at it. I hope, because you have to learn basically, that what you see and hear there is not really real right right and if it feels real, it's what you see and it's what you hear, but again the people that watch and support you I mean you have to be a little bit psychotic to go and leave a hate comment as a Negroni right, yeah, maybe I have no I haven't left a hate comment on anything I mean since I was I, don't know ever I, don't know, I, don't know people people people have said to me, like you, like everything and I'm like no there's a lot of stuff, I, don't like yeah, but I. Don't talk about the things I don't like. Well, you can talk about things you don't like. Well, I will for my business for like, like you know, I went to a game. Company messes up and I want to encourage the game. Come to get better. I'll talk about that right but like if I don't like a creator, I can aim for creators off top of my head. I, don't like, but I very rarely talk about any of them right now, I'm, not a huge fan of Jake and Logan I'm. Sorry guys, you guys screw up a lot right. That's what else give me some good I'm just kidding I'm, not but okay, no, this douchebag, who made this video, encouraging my fans to distance themselves for me, because I'm Pat that guy I'm not going to say his name but like. Why do that? Why did that have a lot of views that video you know like as many views as my videos get these days in the hundred thousand, where you know so, it's like it's it's it's hard, but it really is. You have to I think the the pursuit that we all have as as people today and especially entertainers, is like the pursuit of authenticity. It's like you have to have a frame you have to pursue this idea of authenticity within yourself that gives you confidence and ground to stand on right. It's it's simple, but it's like the hardest thing to do in your life. For me, it's almost like a a lifelong pursuit, because what does it mean to to be authentically yourself? How do you do it and at the soul, the center of what it means is being having a confidence to know and believe in the things that you're doing we're the right things it represent? Who you are right when I was first coming up being authentic, wasn't wasn't a problem? I didn't even have a choice. Everything I did was authentic, but then, when you start hearing voices and dissent and thoughts and tell you know, this is how this is you authentically or this? Is you authentically or you've changed? So that's your not authentically you anymore. They like this content, but they don't like this. You know it all goes into your right consciousness. If you think about it or not, and you're really you're struggling with the housing voice is ten thousand words, a million voices all saying different things: it's like a version of schizophrenia. It right right- and eventually you just have to separate yourself from- and you seem to have done that entirely for the most not entirely right, but for the one thing I've been working a lot towards. You have to be your authentic self, and if you listen to that stuff, you can't anymore after the last two years. Yes, I would read what they were saying on these forms, and these subreddits and some I'll read and be like. Oh, my god, I need to change things. I'm different the lives like those people, never gonna like me, no matter what I write you don't have any way they literally they don't I owe you is saying they don't know you exactly. They don't [, __ ] know anything about who you really are I saw. It I saw a tweet the other day had your name in it, and I was up there next year and it was a list of people that PewDiePie followed, who were Nazis. Oh yeah I thought it was me, you yeah how plain Adar you and Nazi here's something else. Somebody said I was in our article. It was. It was actually got a lot of coverage. It's insane Alpha Omega sin were a guy out of Texas, he's he's very lbgtq, plus a sort of friendly as I know. Right apparently, I have transphobic, which I literally I own a gaming store now I just put fifteen grand into a new gaming store, and yes, that is a profitable thing right. So I'm, not an angel I'm, not a saint I plan to make my money back, because it's a store, but we owned one store called ye. Er need to make that caveat, of course, because that's people try to take away what I'm about to say, right and I. Don't want to let him I don't want to let him all right, no because after after upsetting the lbgtq bin, the last time I was here, I wanted to make up for it and I. Don't talk about this very often I'm talking about it now, a year later, you know, but I don't talk about this stuff very often the way I made up for it is a transplant of mine, Olivia Tosa, at oats olive on on Twitter. If you want to go for give her a follow, she opened up a store called gear and when she opened up, I bought a bunch of cards from her personal collection to help open the store and the reason I wanted to do, because she was going to register it as an OB, GT, coupe, plus a stone. And if you hear the word say Sona, you roll your eyes, let's say so: a SafeZone specific safestone right and if you hear the term SafeZone and you roll your eyes, because who wouldn't need that we are in Arkansas. That first store was two hours away from Harrison Arkansas, where the current Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan lives. We opened our lbgtq plus safe zone in clan territory, people, okay, and- and we did this- what the safe zone means is, of course, it's a safe zone for everybody right, no matter who you are come play at our store. You're gonna have a good time at our store. You won't have to deal with politics or hate or anything or a gaming store. But if you're an lbgtq plus member, we have someone on site who can counsel you and help you deal with life issues, you're feeling suicidal if you're having trans issues, if you're having problems getting bullied in Arkansas. If the claim is breathing down your back, come to us, we will help that's what our that's one of the things our store offers. So the owner of the store, my friend Glenn, says to me: I want to open another one, an hour and a half away. Will you give me some money? I cut him a check right there I didn't think about it. Will you register this one as a no TVT kills? So so yes, well Illinois the Klan. Yes, here's my money! Well, I'll pay! You back! I hope you do, because I would like to have the money back, but as it is right now, I'm a partner in the store. Let's kick some ass and if I get the chance, I'll open one an hour away from Arkansas AR from Harrison and then now half an hour from Harrison I'll build one in Harrison and let it burn them. Let them burn it down, but the internet thinks I'm anti lbgtq on what plan? That's the so that's the thing is like most I'm sure that, first of all, you know yourself, you are the people that know. You know that you aren't people your fans, your actual fans, which is the vast majority of people who consume your content. I would assume right know that you aren't so again you're you're facing an unreality. You are responding to it's a madness really happening. It is maddening, it's totally medic and I, don't think we're equipped to deal that's what I'm saying like to deal with that insanity, but we have to first acknowledge that it is insanity right and that that's what I mean the the pursuit of authenticity right, because you have the whole concept of on tte authenticity get so mixed up. What other people expect from you or the fact that we change over time as online personalities that we are, we have to be allowed to evolve. We can't stay in a stasis. That's not authentic is right. So you have to know who you are. You have to know what you're about and, and it is such a difficult thing, but when you know when you really know who you are authentically and you can be yourself fluidly, then then I think that's what can help nullify these voices that, but for me, I, just I I tried to not engage with them as little as possible. I'm trying really hard not to it's very difficult, because I have an anxiety, disorder and I, get very anxious and I will dissociate and when I'm dissociate I need to not have my phone near me, because I will talk to somebody for 20 minutes and not even control of what I'm saying well, so it's a problem with not just us, but everyone like, for example, Twitter reporting, some stupid Oh. The internet was upset about this news. Nobody was maybe and fuse that's what Jack does he makes his money? That's how that's how that platform gets investors, but then it's not just then it becomes a story on articles and you know it yeah and I think you're right about that. They are stirring up drama for profit, the one that really reminds me of that Shane Dawson story that was on Twitter news that he's like a pedophile Twitter runs this story in the headline: it's a non-story that they created from like one random, [, __ ], and it gets blown up into this huge story. That's that is actually a bigger problem, because I mean that's like fake news. You know right you're, creating a that's. Why I mean that's just you know that slander. That's just libel level. We need to know how to separate this stuff, but then for reporters, for example. They also need to know not to take it at the same. Give it I came again. One of my biggest focus is the gaming world and like as much crap as I gave Mortal Kombat 11. There are people actually reporting that it takes six thousand dollars to unlock everything in Mortal Kombat or you can play the game idiot, like literally Edie Boone, had to come out and say no most of the skins that that you can, by our our purchase, play role through the game and most of the skins that are playable through the game you can't buy like what are you talking about you? People are lunatics right, but it doesn't matter because all these gaming channels see that one headline that was falsely reported and then they run with it. It's absurd. It's a certain. You know, I I've done that a couple of times I've taken Kotaku at their word polygon at their word and and thought. Oh look at the sources didn't verify myself, reported it and then had to take the video down, because I fought like an [, __ ]. Well, that's fun. I mean we all fall prey to it. It's it's everywhere, but I think even not just like entertainers, but everybody I think is gonna, be faced with. We have kind of an existential crisis of identity that we all need to face with, because on Instagram you don't see reality on on social media you're, not seeing reality and I think we all need to find our authentic selves I. Think that's like a huge, a huge thing that we all need to do. It's why I love Jim Carrey, because I don't know if you've seen this but Jim Carrey's a bit of a space cadet these days right, yeah, but he's living as a himself as he can be. I totally agree and that's why I like his whole Twitter thing is very political: I love his cartoons, though they're freaking genius, they're so funny, but he's he's being very authentic, mm-hmm, yeah and so, and so again people can say whatever they want. They can call him a hack that can call him part whatever I'm sure they say terrible things about him, but that you know he's Teflon right, he's, authentic and so that's kind of what I've been trying to deal with I do think that disc, like I. Almost never it's a shame, because you want to engage with the good people that care about you and write and well, but ultimately you kind of got to not take that too because, like what can have it's not a critic, also right in a sense, but it's like you know, they don't know who you are? They don't know you I've had people say you saved my life and I'm like no either the work yeah, I I provided the temporary distraction right or you know you because I was 500 pounds and you started losing weight. I started, losing weight, I've lost even more than you. You helped me with that. No I didn't I made a video. You know I'm glad that it registered in the world in some way, but you're, giving me far too much credit because you had to do the dieting. You had to do the work you're stronger than me, you're, better me, you were more successful than me. Well, what planet am I responsible for your success right, but they want to give you that I'll take it well, so see you see what you're saying it's not I. Have trouble accepting compliments like that till I? Actually, I talked about it with my therapist and he made an interesting observation. It's like you have no problem, not accepting the good, but you absorb all the bad mm-hmm and you got to not take either of it. Mm-Hmm right, cuz, it's all kind of nuts I'm gonna, say superficial, not that their feelings are, but that they don't know you. They don't know you and it's great that you're what you're creating control reaction when we're the other right. That means that you're successfully igniting people's emotions through through your heart form or your my own right right, but again they don't know who you are right and, and you can't from a 10 minute, YouTube video or 10,000 YouTube videos, you can't from a 4-hour Twitter stream. You can't yeah, you can't and I'm trying to be the most authentic self that I can be right, but how do I not in a world of life, scream, fails and and Twitter clips and all this other stuff? How can you be truly authentic about life right, yeah, I? What I would say to you and what do I do for myself is just to avoid it. The best thing for me because think about like this. Let's say that there's a clip of me on livestream fails from one of our livestream. That's 10,000 points and everybody's clowning on me, because I did something super embarrassing right. If I don't see that post I am unaffected, you're right I am the same. The next day, the next week that [ __ ] didn't affect me at all. I have people so dedicated to ruining my day that they every time I tweet. They immediately like posts. This, the the mall, the miserable stuff. That's being said about me: I have two different people from several email accounts because I blocking them, so they change email accounts all the time. They send me email, digests of the hate, I've gotten them read it hey. You should see this look at this terrible, [, __ ], there's a we found this out about you. We found this out about you, I'll click on it. It's all lies and slanders all May anyways, something I said taking completely out of context right: yeah you're, not like you're, a Hitler, you're sex out of [, __, ], whatever right and and but it's the same, people spoiled in-game for me, I think because I got an email from so-and-so, kills so-and-so at gmail.com, Oh Mike notifications on my phone, you got an email from Batman kills the Joker right. You know, I, don't like wow I know, I'd already got it ruined on Twitter, but at least you tried you're right but like I, there's people out there so dedicated to me and that I stopped playing the victim like then these people need to stop victimizing me. Well, you got to stop giving them attention like you're talking about them. Now it just emboldened. It's pretty incredible that there's people out there that care about you that much what's hilarious. It really is what I read it for you. You need to I mean you you pulled in them and you empower them right and I really need not to when, like somebody like somebody pointed out, I just need to delete twitter. Twitter needs to be a no because that again is giving them too much, and that's why arena so long I said in a video you install Twitter on my phone and then 20 minutes later I got an email round up somebody saying haha, we win ha ha ha ha and I'm like I'm, reinstalling, Twitter, all right now that will travel anyway. Here's what you should try for a month, don't read, use Twitter, don't read the mentions straight I'll. Look at like verified notifications only because those are relatively safe from those though so then don't look at it. I I could also live without it. Just use, Twitter, don't read the mentions, use Instagram, don't read the mentions. Don't go, don't go to subreddits where people are talking about you, we are not built to it. You look a comment. Alright, I'm learning, clearer right since I got my teeth. Fixed I've been way better at it. It's just really hard with an anxiety sword. It's really rude for anybody. It's really! You are not it's like eavesdropping on people talking about you when they don't know that you're there, but no they at me, though they email to me. They want to know my username on on on on reddit all the time bro if I want anyway, especially for someone who is uh, you know I used to cut I used to self-harm. I learned some techniques like wearing a rubber band, maybe I think on at least one of the podcasts I was wearing a rubber band for stress relief to harm myself squeezing ice. It was another technique. I learned to host squeeze another way to harm yourself without leaving scars that got me out of cutting, but obviously another form of self-harm is eating herself to that mm-hmm and that's what I'm I've been in one of my biggest ones so reading this stuff is another form of self-harm. I know it's gonna ruin my day. I know it's gonna ruin my mind. I know it's gonna hurt tremendously. So let's do it because that's what I want to do? I want to be miserable, because I hate myself right, I, know so hard. I know what you mean to it, but I feel like I like dieting, is just as important for for you right now as to give yourself the exercise of let's say for a day, because it seems like you, you, you have trouble resisting for too long, I'd say for a day or three days or a week or whatever you can't don't read anything yep, you know used YouTube, we used Twitter. Do everything don't go in the comments? Just close, it me, for example, it was so hard if we post a video to just post it and then not look at I couldn't do it. I could like I would say: I was gonna, do it and I would still look at, but now I I really do it. Now? Oh, no! No I'm gonna be like obsessively scrubbing Twitter. They, you know, find the one guy that hated me and I, because I'm a piece of [, __, ] I, will ignore all the people that said, oh, my god you're so grand the podcast. They love you so much. You look so different. You're, wonderful I love the new tail for you to not read the comments. Can you try it I'm gonna try alright! So we try from this podcast specifically, if I did a podcast, I, wouldn't read the [ __ ] comments, I'll, say right. Damn now, even if I thought it went great actually, especially when I thought it went great because I'll go there and then I'll be like oh, it was awful and now I feel awful about it. Right cording to the comments you mean right, you're right my mind and my attentive self and and in my present mine, I I thought it. What I worry about is I'm gonna be like and I was there what? What? How do I hurt somebody on this podcast who did I harm what community or harm? Well? How do I fix it? That's my problem. My problem is I'm. Someone out there's going to claim something. I said in this, podcast is genuinely hurt their community and I'm going to make up for that their problem right the thing that, if you're, really something that would hurt someone, you would know it exactly I'm here right now, I, don't think I said anything bad and when this is over, I'm gonna be like oh we're done, and I'm not gonna. Look at your smart and you're smarter than me I mean it took me so long to actually do that. I know what you mean. It's so hard, but sometimes I'll say something stupid and I'll really regret it. In my own, authentic self I will say that it was really outrageous. You did say the n-word several times earlier in the show and I thought. That was a little surprised by that. But if you thought that was fine, then yeah. Here's what I will say: here's what I want! Here's it! Here's what I want to trend? Let's, let's see this friends, let's see if they can clip this out: okay, unison on board as loud as you can I'm gonna get way worse than that. Okay, let's do it I'm gonna, say to love thy neighbor, Oh get and I. Don't listen to me. I! Want you to love yo. That soundboard doesn't do that. I want to say that the way the left and the right treat each other the way to the left and right treat. Each other is not going to work and it's just going to further divide yeah and we don't choose empathy and we don't choose love and we don't learn to chav love our white neighbor and our black neighbor, our straight neighbor and our gay neighbor, our conservative neighbor and our Democrat neighbor and our centrist neighbors. God forbid. We actually give those guys credit because they make up the majority of the country right. God forbid, that we start treating immigrants and and and and natives and and and citizens all the same, and we remember that we are all Americans and some of us are trying desperately to become Americans and we start treating each other with love and respect and kindness. We might just end this apocalyptic cycle, we're currently in the middle of, and maybe things a bit better, because what we're doing right now sure ain't working, yeah I. You know I I Teeter on that myself, because I go I, listen to the news and I, listen to the late nights and I consume all the media and I go man. It feels so messed up right now and I go it. Wasn't this bad when I was a kid and I go well, I didn't really care about anything when I was a kid, but I think about Bill, Clinton impeachments! Think about how much people hated Obama. If you go back, if you go back back back back and look at like all the way back to like Thomas Jefferson verse, you know Alex under Hamilton or whatever that [ __ ] was just as crazy. Then of course it is now, of course, so I think maybe I started to think. Maybe he's not that bad! Maybe things are fine. You know like we just got old, I, think social media amplifies everything it makes it feel way worse than it is. But overall the country is safer than it's ever been I mean we have trouble. We have drug problems and we have there's issues. Obviously, as there always will be, but I mean people are doing good overall poverty and around the whole world is down here's. What is new? Here's? What is new six weeks ago fact check this. If you want, because the articles are there mm-hmm, we had counter-protesters white supremacist counter protesters on the Capitol Steps in Little, Rock Arkansas, mm-hmm chanting, seven million more that that happened, yeah happened, that's reality and I know the claims always existed. I know why swainton said then we'll anymore. Are they talking about the Holocaust, oh they're, giving us more credit than we, because we usually we say six and they say it's greatly exaggerated right. Well, then, now they have been moving more, that's right. You know they believe in the Holocaust at least I guess yeah and III where's coming from. Why is this half a day at all fixed? Well, they don't race em, it's there, I mean even during World War Two, there was [ __, ] Nazi sympathizers here in America. That's true I'm, just you know not. Anti-Semitism is as as classic as it gets. This is why I say this is why I struggle with my nihilistic thoughts and like the PTSD, you like suicidal thoughts, are a very common thing, with PTSD, right and and so I struggled that all the time and I this the last two years of my life have been simultaneously the best two years, my life in the worst two years of my life, there have been periods of time where I was sitting in my closet, with a shotgun ready to Kurt Cobain myself corner shot. You know not that bad, but I like this is the adoration, but no no firearm, no I went to purchase one, but I knew it would not be safe to have it in my home, my roommate does have one and it's in a safe that I don't have the code for and I don't want to have the code for it because I know when I dissociate I could make a very irreparable mistake and I do not want to do that. So I do not feel safe or the gun, but that's it I've struggle with suicidal ology in the last couple of years. Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere as long as my dog's alive, I'm alive, it's as simple as that or I'm, not leaving that dog, leaving him for five days like right now, I'm getting pictures from my roommate of him just laying on my bed waiting for me to come home I'm, not leaving that dog okay, but that said, I've also had moments where I'm on a tower in Brooklyn eating lunch with my favorite creators and and then going to place in my favorite video game six months before anybody else gets to play them and and meet some of my rockstar developers. And so it's been I. Don't know it's been a really interesting couple of years, but when you, when you look at III, don't think I belong in the human race and not that I'm, better I think I'm far worse, because I feel, like I empathize, far too much I empathize with the wrong people, I empathize with my haters more than I do my people who love me. I swear, I. Do I tried more Vince them. My therapist told me, you can't reason with unreasonable people, but I want to so desperately I want to save them from their hate. But you know what my therapist told me about stuff like that. He says you have to understand that these people are there to hurt you you're not wrong. They are there. You have to understand. These are people that are expressly expressly going out of their way to hurt you and I can't comprehend that I I here's a true story. People tell me I make this up. I make this up and I don't care, because I know it's true 20-some year old me and when I got my second apartment ever I'm sitting in this runni beatdown part of Fayetteville, Arkansas and I'm playing video games and like 1 o'clock in the morning Friday night and the front door opens and a hand reaches in and starts fumbling for the LightSwitch and I'm like what the higher I get up and I grab the only weapon we have in the house, which is a baseball bat and right as he finds a light, switch I swing. The door open and I'm like can I help you and he's like. Oh man, I'm, sorry, I'm, drunk and I'm like yeah. Clearly, because can I I'm just trying to use the phone I'm like no you're trying to break into my apartment, why? You should I cut off light he's because those windows they're open man I, want them by seeing me in the office I'm like this isn't an office. This is my apartment, dude you're, clearly trying to rob me. No, no I just want to make a phone call who you trying to call my wife, I'm, drunk I, can't drive I, don't want to drive home, it's 1990 a tiger grabbed my corded phone I, bring it to him. I set him down on my couch to tell him not to move I handle my phone. He calls his wife and she screamed at him. I can't believe you drunk were you out screwing that [ __ ] that I'm not coming to get you. You walk on. He hangs up the phone defeated and starts to walk out of my apartment and I'm like dude. Are you really drunk you guys, I think I'm safe enough to drive home and I? Don't think you are where you live? Well. I live in springdale. Well, that's only 15 minutes, man, I'll Drive you so a guy who might it might have been trying to break into my home I ended up giving him a ride home because that's the kind of person I am I. If I died in that process, he shot me and carjacked me I'm glad to die. That way, because I was trying to help somebody right and I think that probably makes me an idiot I've, probably not as reserved as the rest of the human race. The human race loves vitriol. The human race is aggressive. The human race is an [ __ ] I'm, a [ __ ], like whatever that word means for you, I'm, probably that I am I'm a beta male I'm, a empath and and I'm too empathic and I. Do it far too much the worst thing, I learned through therapy about myself. My best friend has listened to me complain for 25 years he's seen me dissociated he's. Seen me angry he's seen me hurt, he's seen me sad and I told my therapist one day. That's why I love my best friend, because he's seen me at my worst and guess what Steve? How often does he see yours I said all the time he sees all the anxiety from the work. He sees all the anxiety from life and the struggles and he's helped me take a shower and I broke, my shoulder for god. Sakes he's been amazing and it goes. But how do you treat strangers and I'm like well I, try to earn a stranger's trust I, give him a good experience. I give him a good time. I'm kindness, Rangers, right, I'm, very kind to strangers. It's like you, gotta flip the script. The person you should be giving the good experience to is your best friend is the people in your life. The people who support you, the people. You should not give a crap about the people. You complain to the compete pool you're mean to are the people, you don't know sure you know yeah, but that's that's always been my biggest issue. I think that's normal though I think part of the slip up is that when we start to think that in all all things are normal and then that can really drive you crazy, I mean I found that in my life and I think it's normal, that the people closest to us are the ones we can be. The shittiest too, because you become I, think either complacent or you become comfortable around them and they can often become a punching bag, and it's not that it wasn't verbally abusive, good she's like sad and depressed and hurt when I should be on for that person right when I go to VidCon and I meet a fan. I am on and I'm happy and doesn't matter how much pain I'm in or how sad I am a that's, not it yeah, but I mean at the same time. You can't be on at home right, but I want to I want to. For the people who love me. I want to look I want to treat him the way they deserve to be loved. Does that make sense? Yeah no I know exactly what you mean totally I mean that's part of why I went on antidepressants because I was so irritable and I was such a little [ __ ] all the time such a whiny [, __ ] many to myself, because I was like just such a punk all the time, and so irritable I'm, like I, knew that I was just for the most part, making ela miserable for being around me and I wasn't always like that. You know, of course, yeah, and so it's actually been a complete 180 for me in terms of dealing with that, and now you have a baby coming along and so your responsibility and maintain that child's childhood is so important and it's coming from someone who was abused, growing up and watch their parents fight growing up and, like you know, I was not sheltered from that at all. I was thrown right in the middle of it right. You know my mother, claiming my father was a homosexual because he had blood in his underwear and like all kinds of crazy [, __, ] and eight euro I. Don't know what any of these words mean: I'm, eight but I know they hate each other and I know that apparently that's bad and cheating on each other and I know she has a boyfriend and like holy, you know, maintain you, you've got to be the best Ethan you've ever been. You know and I look forward to seeing how that works out. Yeah we're running out of time. Man we got about a month left here, but I can't -. It's very they're, doing somersaults. How uncomfortable are you right now like as it has been I? Guess it's pretty uncomfortable like when I need to get out of the it's like a whole I'm making noises like an old person. Now you know it's like to be a fat guy that she's paid to do like exactly I'm and I gotta. Tell you being skinny is so much more comfortable. Oh yeah, cuz you're, a tiny person like that's all. Are you [ __ ] that oh you're, five for some reason, I think you're short but yeah you're, so skinny I can't imagine carrying that extra weight. What it's got to be like four? It's got to be a whole other experience, mm-hmm and I can't even say it like I'm. You, like I'm, used to I, don't know it like that. Oh yeah, well, people I can't even be myself. People complain about manspreading still right and like when you're a morbidly obese. With all this Fred I literally can't close my legs yeah yeah somebody got annoyed at the the borderlands 3 event and we were like on bus together and I was like sitting halfway in the aisle right, but I. My leg accidentally touched his leg and he's like and I'm like dude come on, I mean I'm, not sweaty. I just took a shower I, don't smell bad I'm, not your typical fat guy right now, I did everything. I couldn't possibly do, but I do still take up space like I'm a human being, and he wasn't a small guy either he was like six four, and so he was taking about more than his share. How did you know he was irritated because I just got bumped his leg, and so he gave you that got hurt right. You grant them back, no I apologize yeah! You should have [ __, ] I'm, a cook, no I, don't I, don't like that. Word I, like the word and I like that word and I, don't like beta mail, I, don't like I, don't believe in any of it. That's what people call me, but I. Don't believe that about myself right, I I genuinely believe is that everybody's a little bit different and in the way that we're all different. We are the same, and this is just no I choose to live my life and I'm a product of the things and experiences I've had and I just choose to do whatever my brain tells me to do, and your brain might tell you to punch that guy in the face for grunting and my brain says: hey, let's make his day nice and comfortable. Let's apologize and, let's you know, make yourself to defecating joke, because it's just the way I feel better about it. Mm-Hmm and people do whatever they do. I want you to. Do me, a favor yeah. Try not to read the comments. I'm not going to I didn't feel happy about this. We have experienced a off Twitter to see what what one thing I said got taken completely out of context and used to bully me no I'm, going to completely avoid ready to figure out what one thing I said out of context that was used to bully me and I'm going to try to not watch the YouTube videos about what thing I said out of context that will be used to bully me because don't get me wrong, I'm all for calling somebody on their crap when they make a big mistake right and maybe I've made mistakes right. Obviously right and you should call people out on the mistakes. You don't have to be an [ __ ] about it. That's what I think, but they will and they they're they will it's inevitable right. It's absolutely inevitable! I, don't know just try it yet try it try not to read I'm going to yeah I'm going to how do you feel that it's gone? It's gotten better through therapy. In the last six or seven months, I've really learned how to avoid it. I just do not read. Read it anymore, created I created a finally second reddit account just to read like my magic, exactly right, yeah so I don't even have to see people tagging the main we can even block subreddits from showing up on your feet. Whoo, that's interesting, yeah I haven't read it and I. Finally hired some mods and said you guys just deal with it: I don't care anymore. If you want to leave hate up, there leave hate up there. If you want only positivity positivity, they do it the way they want to do it, I, don't I, don't participate or care. Twitter I have some filters in place now. Tor I, just don't have to see certain key words and stuff II I hired a guy to write a bot that blocked everybody. That used like one particular phrase which I don't want to say right now, because I want to emboldened anybody. That was just so tired of hearing that phrases like I'm done with this I, don't ever want to see it mentions again: mm-hmm I ended up like blocking I, think I think if bought ended up blocking several hundred people. Oh you you, people who use that word who tweeted at you, you didn't lock them yeah and I was like I, just I. Don't want to hear anymore. I want to hear I, don't see it. Somebody Creator telling me they knew somebody who could do that for me. I, don't know if they logged into my account personally. Did it I, don't know if they set up a bond I think they set up a bot, they did. How are they did it and I'm like II you? If you use that phrase, you are an irresponsible Twitter user and I, don't care what you have to say and you don't deserve access to my tweets. You do not deserve to see what I have to say. Are they and that's how I feel well, it sounds. It sounds like it's great to see a you've come a long way. I mean look at you. You you have transformed. The confidence is coming with the change with all all great and worthy changes come with pain, exactly they all come with pain, I already, yeah. Absolutely look a lot worse on camera because, like my cameras, especially I, haven't set the very whitening and look it's just shocking right. You know it's. It's just shocking. Its system with weight loss is just shocking. It's just such a different I got a full makeover as well. My friend Jared he's like look. Your bone structure is gonna, be a little different after you, the teeth mm-hm. So do you trust me to like shave you and give you a haircut the whole nine yards in link list? Let's go so he took me to a salon and told her what to do and came out looking very different on top of that and they're like I chose these frames, even though I've never really liked the thick plastic frames. I had some bruising from the surgery under my eyes, and so I was like I'll just cover them up with the frames and people like. Oh you look great I mean alright. If that's what you like, I like it too, so we'll do it. Yes, man, I just haven't still be alive at this point because I like to told you the last time I was here when we walked into that surgeons. For the consultation he's like, we need to rush you into surgery. You are dying now you will be dead in a year, so we're in process normally takes almost a year. I want to rush you through and get you done within four to five months, because if I, don't you will die yeah, so I'm just glad to be alive. Well, you look so much better. Even from the last time we saw you said, you've lost 40 pounds. It's it's like you look incredible! Thank you ma'am! You look incredible. Keep going man looking forward to the next time. We can get you out here now. You have to do another update. Absolutely! Let's do me early yeah I'll come back in here next year and I'll get in my old clothes and help Oh turns out a gurney boots are now gonna. We're gonna, keep you honest, I'm doing my damnedest ma'am yeah promise you I will promise you that I am going to either lose the rest of weight or die. Trying there you go I, don't know why you need to die trying. Oh because I mean we all die, it's inevitable right. Yeah I just want to make sure I die doing my absolute best right from my death. Yeah yeah I hear ya. Well fantastic. What do anything we didn't cover that we want to cover? We got your sex life. We got the touching the Fupa. We got what we don't enjoy, a more Game of Thrones or endgame I loved him. I in-game was such a ride for me, because the very first Iron Man movie and no spoilers, obviously, but the very first Iron Man movie when they invented the Marvel formula for that movie. I, couldn't have been happier. I walked to them, I hated, Iron, Man I thought is a dumb character mhm and they did what they did with it and they like cast Robert Downey jr., and he was the best guy ever and I'm like holy [, __ ], and then this 11 year ride has been the best experience of my life, because I got to see Return of the Jedi in the theater, but I need to see the original Star, Wars or Empire in the theater, because I was too young, but I got to experience this one and I hope the the younger people out there who got to experience. This understand new experience, your Star Wars. This was your Star Wars and which Star Wars could be your Star Wars, but it can't because it's Matt Terrell now but uh. It's really bad I have no interest in seeing the return of the Empire Emperor or whatever the [ __ ]. Next one, alright right garden of scarred the rice of Skywalker yeah watch I. Don't really understand that. How what does that I? Don't see? It's not that I! Don't understand! It's not I, just don't care! Now the last one was it: will, regardless I get that I get what you're saying about the Marvel Universe I like Game of Thrones, more personally, but I I liked endgame I thought it was great I, like the fur I thought the first one was better: oh yeah I! Well, it has to be better right because you think about that and infinity war and top right infinity war is the Empire Strikes Back right, because the Empire Strikes Back got to completely do something the other two original trilogy could in the trailer to do. They literally got to do whatever the [ __ ] they wanted they get into. However, they wanted to because they have a follow-up movie. You knew that within where they're making Empire we're gonna get them to make Return of the Jedi. So this is depressing and crazy and weird and nuts we can do it right and so infinity war has the option of completely disregarding the hero's journey, completely disregarding modern, modern storytelling and just do whatever wanted to so by just the merits of filmmaking. It will always be the better phone and he has to be yeah right, I enjoyed both equally but one. It's clearly the better film mmm mmm easy, but but yeah whatever I got YouTube by the way. Oh yeah, what were your gripes with YouTube? You want to talk about that yeah I'm, so mad. You know, what's going on so number one a lot of people wanted to know can I still do the Frances voice with my TV right and number one you've heard that I have a more natural Lisp right now, but I do plan to get rid of that Zbornak obscure the sideway Lisp. It's still pretty good. In fact, I think I sound more like the original voice that I never did expecially when I go low because the one I'm pissed off about his head bone that [ __ ] Mortal Kombat my spend. Oh, you know you got good, but this is just dead on YouTube they D monetized my entire back catalogue and it was a huge financial hit because they're swearing because there's prepared violence. They start. If you curse within the first 30 seconds. They do you monetize, like that. I was like what yes I say: [ __ ] at 28 minutes or 28 seconds yeah, and they demonetized yeah, I, video okay. When they stick with it right, you literally I can't swear on YouTube. That's how pure Dan it's become. Yeah I'm, like dude I, was talking to my guy I'm, like man. I feel like this has become worse than working with, like a television executive. At this point, so, oh he said to me, go work with the TV executive and then let me know how it is, but it will be like that one day, I genuinely believe it will be well, it's already again yeah, and so my friend mcjuggernuggets, who did the psycho series, started an app called story. Fire and I wanted to plug it here: story: feiyr.com, sto, ry, pi, re, there's also an app on Android and he's like starting creating. What he's always done is narrative content and he wants me and kid behind a camera and other people have just been thrown off of youtube to come, create narrative content again, because my YouTube rep is like look. Could you do Francis without the swearing? Can you do Francis without getting angry? Have you watched a Francis video? That's the entire character right and I've experimented with the formula one of the biggest experiments have been doing. Is blending boogie as a character with Francis as a character and making him the same and I did that for a couple of videos? Did it like a stupid, little podcast and then, like harass, people in an airport has the hybrid character and there was a hybrid character. I was working with mcjuggernuggets and it's funny because it pulls the algorithm. It doesn't realize that I'm swearing, it doesn't realize that I'm angry because they think I'm being boogie for the first third of the video right and then I go into the ADC towards the end and the bot isn't checking the last part of the video or some reason, I think it's just the first 30 second break Lane. No literally, that's what my youtube rep said. The first third always keep the first third a clean. Alright, the rule I've heard specifically is 30 SEC, a good. Well, definitely the 30 seconds but I mean I, agree, I mean if he tells you a third right, then I would just time it out and then be like, but here's the thing, even with a million more there's, something that the sponsors are seeing where they get to choose the quality of the video as determined by YouTube. Now, I guess, I, don't know, I've never been told that, but my cp/m or like the money I earn from YouTube. If I talk, if I make a gaming video I'm just going to throw some numbers out of these numbers in that group, if I made a YouTube, video and Francis got a hundred thousand views, I might make a hundred dollars. Yeah I am alone, sometimes 60. Sometimes forty brought that video right yeah, which is difficult when you're breaking a 400 hour television when you're destroying it. There are excellent I made a video, and this is an actual number I made. A video about Sakura versus Kirby are not not Kirby Yoshi and how one game is is being dissed for being too easy in one game is being dissed by for being too hard right and it only got sixty six thousand views and I made 300 bucks off. That's sixty six thousand views right right now. You tell me, which is the better choice as a creator yeah at that point right, but I want to pay my bills. I can't do Francis videos anymore. That's why I'm gonna start doing almost story fire where I can go back to burning down houses and wrecking cars and destroying Xboxes Detroit televisions, because it gives me the option to keep my creative integrity. You can't keep your crazy you're talking about being your authentic self anymore. You literally can't be that on YouTube anymore. It doesn't matter who you are there's a literally matter who you are you have to edit yourself and censor yourself and make yourself look at your abs a little best, not just because of how [ __ ] we're all at the internet is not just because if you make one small mistake you're over right, but because YouTube themselves will no longer pay you for being your authentic self. They want you to be Will, Smith or nothing else. I totally agree. I! Think they're really have a problem on their hands and I've been talking a lot with them, trying to get them I. The CEO came and visited us a couple weeks ago and I spend most of time telling her. Why are you guys unable to monetize this kind of continent? You have this Google preferred program and you have all these family-friendly channels in it making tons of money. Why is it that my content and people who make content like mine for teens, for you, know mature, amateur or mature audience that you'll find on cable television, that you'll find out radio with advertisers lined up out the doors to target that valuable market of more mature audience? Why the? Why the hell, can't you guys figure out how to monetize this content, because I said what what's the what age she goes? Well, she goes well. We've had trouble pitching they're trying to put together like a Google preferred for edgier channels, hmm. Well, we were having trouble pitching it I'm like you're, not pitching it right, because when we were with complex, they used to sell direct ads on ours and it was sold out non-stop. Of course it was. It was ridiculous. They had junk food, they had like a you know: Doritos soda beer, alcohol movies. It was like every freakin view was monetized and I'm like dude there's. No, they gotta figure it out because it's it's and why you don't just pitch it like the Mortal Kombat, you know order MTV right, here's the add your YouTube! Well, they need to run so it's no. They need one code. They need to pitch it like because they're all afraid that's gonna be like Kitty's shed and terrorism, but it's curated group and you need to picture like these- are more engaged interested audience and a specific demographic that are willing to spend money and different products right. Is there 1835, males and most the case and they're interested in these products and you're going to get a better, targeted advertising advertising to these people? How would they not figure that out so I'm pushing them hard good? She did say that they just had such a rough last two years with all the drama that was going on. Oh yeah. They were kind of like in survival mode, just trying to get out of the mess right, but the problem now and the problem is they were in survival mode when it came to advertisers and now they're in survival mode. When it comes to yours users, because I started using tick-tock and make fun of tick-tock, all you want, but their user base is not a joke dude, and it's because if you're, a conservative you can say whatever the hell you want to in tick-tock IIIC conservative videos, a lot of fun I see very left-leaning videos. All the time, I see shocking content all the time there is rolls on on there, but it's not as YouTube, and so no it's not exactly monetize to monetize the platform. They don't monetize for very many craters I think there are some monetize creators, but it's not like anybody come on. Oh that's, the problem. The problem is not YouTube, it's the brands. They don't want their ads on that and I think it's a problem with a messaging by YouTube their failure to pitch correctly I'm, not saying the tic-tock will be profitable. What I'm saying is that, while the talk is going to damage the user base, it's much easier to you know. The problem is: is the brand's you're allowed to be on you and here's where I sell out one of my friends and I? Don't care when they hear this they're gonna get mad, but I know a lot of people who work at Walmart and I know people are working out or attacking Walmart II and somebody from Walmart I won't say which person specifically said to me. We don't really care about any of that censorship. Crap. We really care about any AMA. We care about lowering our beds, so we're gonna do a six-month your one year, hiatus and we come back. We're gonna have much lower beds. Oh well! That was certainly the case when that pocalypse still happened, that they were trying or associate, but I think all of them are back now they are, but they matter they came back at a much lower price and much lower than they've ever been. Yes, I think that they definitely use that to their advantage at the time, but I think I. Think, like you mentioned EULA Suzan kind of had a good point that they were dealing with a lot internally and I hope now that they that they can appreciate that they need to support people like us, because by the way our main channel is Russia productions. We get the [ __ ], the most [ __ ] rate like the podcast and the highlights Channel makes out, makes that are like. How is that possible? We make premium content there that we work really hard on that. We package really nicely and somehow it makes less money than our highlights show per CPM right right. What the [ __ ] is that because at some point the algorithm decided that was a problem at channel that it's rated pg-13 or it's rated PG 17, or something like that, and because of that, when one of those advertisers goes to their lodgings, they choose I, don't want to be on anything controversy, alright, and so they, their advertisers Larry will not appear on your channel. Meanwhile, meanwhile, they'll still show up on a vac rap battle. All the time you know you literally have Hitler rat battling Darth Vader right. Oh, that's, that's fine right. They don't curse. Yeah or, like you know, the classic example is like the Paul brothers who were making pornography essentially for little kids. Mm-Hmm right and you've got like a girl in the thong and the thumbnail ma'am it's so they need to get their [ __ ] together, yeah I hope they will I mean here's the thing. I criticize I criticize the things I love, I, love gaming. They criticize it right and I feel like it can have an impact there and I criticize YouTube, because I love it. It saved my life, Susan, Wojcicki and and and and and Robert Kinsel and the decisions they have made. Kept me from living a life on disability of poverty, I would've able to get the surgery I would've been able to get these teeth if they had not given me the opportunities that they have given me and God, loved them and God bless them and I love. Everyone I've ever met at YouTube and I, have nothing but love and respect for him. That said boy, do they need to learn how to steer the ship better yeah I think there's a lot going on back there that we don't can't fully appreciate by the way meeting with her. She is she's a really a thoughtful intelligent well-meaning lady I mean I mean I. My impression of her was very good and I think we all need to appreciate too, that she was the one in Google that was the biggest advocate for acquiring YouTube. That's why she's, the CEO mmm, so yeah I, think I think they'll get there. I think they're, trying there gosh, darnest yeah I, never shook her hand. I I spoke to her very briefly and at the creator summit last year and I saw her speak of the crater summit, and you could tell how much she loves this platform, how much she loves the craters, how much she loves what she's doing and how desperate she is to get it right. Mm-Hmm- and you know, I heard the fact that she has toured to see creators like you and Shane, Dawson and and everyone else, and it's just been incredible- to see I wish they cared about the small creators as much as they care about the big craters, but that's not possible. She can't meet with every small crater. She would literally be doing it for a million years, but I know it's at this point. Where I don't know if it's solvable, Hank green I love hang green. He made a video talking about platforms that might try to compete with YouTube and obviously the story. Fire thing we're doing. I, don't think it's meant to compete with YouTube, but it's supplemental, pretty a story for our thing. I'll tell you about what we're doing like so he's, not gonna compete, but it's there to supplement right, like roosterteeth, calm whatever, but if somebody did try to compete with YouTube, you literally can't because you'll have the same problems as YouTube right and just like you meant even worse this and and not pornography and all the miserable [ __ ] they've been working for decades. On, like the legal issues that every individual country has copyright law yeah, they were, they were bankrolled by one of the biggest most successful companies in the world because they are only now recently actually making money after decades right they're there, the amount of ground they've covered is like insurmountable, mm-hmm and I have to say, like it could be worse because it could be Grande's book yeah, it could be Facebook. Thank you yeah. You know it could be worse. It definitely could be worse than maybe not exist. It could be Twitter, yeah, god forbid, right and I like Twitter. Just don't read the comments. I like Twitter um, just like I, like sharing my life unto her. You know I've started to get way more in the Instagram because, to be honest with you, I never really Graham comments right exactly because they're so hard to even get they're, not even look right. Yes, and it's just pictures of beautiful women and beautiful people and friends, I know doing cool stuff and it's Oh Billy. The fridge is looking great a lot of weight. Oh let's cats! That's a great cosplay! I love! This! Oh, that's my friend, the great ghoul she's really killing it these days and then I have a happy experience. People say Instagram is the most depressing experience you know place. Well, it depends it's the happiest, cuz I'm, just like all these people are doing great well, I. Think if you're, a young girl or even a young guy who I mean it gets depressing because everything you see is like people at their best and you're just sitting at home, like also Photoshop beautiful women, who are like oh yeah, when I hung out with this way, when I hung out with this one model, who posted a lot on Instagram, I, won't, say her name or do I call anybody at her but hung out with her for a while, and she showed me because I met her in real life and she's, very beautiful in real life, very beautiful, real live all these women, alright yeah, like Liz cats or Jessica Nigri I've, met these women in real life, they're, just beautiful, beautiful people right but um. This girl showed me how she further photo shops and further filters and showed me all these filters. You can just get on the Android store in the iPhone store and how vastly there's been photo that she started with and what she posted it goes and it wasn't like she was changing the shape of her body cuz. She didn't need to or the shape of her face, but she might put on lipstick or she might put on Russia might put on foundation with these makeup, apps or, and then she would add filters to like change the coloring and change the the focus on and make the background glory blurry. So she pops out and like whole. You can do that now on them bone. What planet do we yeah it? Just everyone has like perfect skin. You know. That's. Why didn't you look in the mirror, like my skin, is fair, [, __ ]? Why am I the only person with blackhead? That's why I like me and ugly in public yeah, there's no like come look at my YouTube channel and you'll, see gap-toothed morbidly, obese, big titty man and my little lake. You feel good about yourself right! Thank you. We appreciate your service all right. Well, we're at the two-hour mark- oh wow, really we black! Why that one there's what could talk of all day, but we got we really come in I love, you guys, yeah! Thank you! I love having you here, Arden three four weeks away a month, can't believe it that's. Why that's why I wanted to do it now, instead of VidCon, because, like you're gonna be a dad VidCon and oh yeah, you guys think I want to talk to nobody. That's actually true. We are gonna, be real. We're gonna, yeah, we're gonna be busy. Yeah get enjoy, not sleeping for like six months, though you're staying on yeah I can't even imagine I didn't I, don't know, I still can't really believe it little guy in diapers and all that baby stuff I know it I know it's. It probably sounds stupid. Anyone but like it, starts to become so surreal, though, that, like there's a little baby, that's half me and half you mm-hmm, and it's like a full-grown baby. Now I can feel when every movement you can see it dude. You can see because I know I'm a like the same. A bit of an impact, but when you first said that I saw in your smile, both this has its hesitant, hesitating, worried, and this wonderment and you're. Like he's gonna have this night person he's gonna be a little bit. You seem so happy and so scared. At the same time, it was fascinating to see that look because I'm I don't know it's so crazy, yeah I'm, so I'm so proud of you guys I'm so jealous I never wanted kids, but because you know, I grew up in an abusive home and I. Don't know that I could be a good dad and I just wasn't willing to risk it I. You know, I was molested and beat up, and all this stuff and I I, don't think I would I know. I would never do anything like that to a kid, but I don't know that I'm, a good person I, don't know that the depression and the anxiety is a good environment to bring a child into, but you guys are killer I. Can you know I see from what relationship I've seen on YouTube, but, like you guys, meeting you in real life and seeing I think you guys are gonna, have a wonderful kid I think you guys thank you for the coffee, I hope more like her than you yeah, unfortunately, I feel like he's. Gonna look more like I feel like. If you find a good relationship, were you gonna be happy with that person? You can have it right exactly I, don't think that I have anxiety too, and you have issues and everyone's got issues right right right. We have got a problem, you figure it out. Let's get shredder, you know, that's how that's how I knew I wanted to be a parent right right that shredder I joke about killing. Myself are you and what do you think of your dog's I mean? But here's the thing I mean it: it's not a joke! Okay! Now that said, that's a joke, but bo burnham you, you interviewed bo right. Yes, um I enjoyed that episode. It was awkward of points but I enjoyed boazlin, walk or near a little awkward. It's awkward a point. I, don't really you way you weren't here? It was so awkward right right, but he at one point- and this is how I remember it. So forgive me both you ever hear this and I'm misremembering it, but I remember at some point I think on his website. He said he was born on this year and he's going to die on this year and then it was asked by a reporter. Why do you think you're gonna die that year and I think he said if I hope, I'm, not mister, remembering this misquoting, the guy? Oh that's the year that I've done the math and that's the year than my dog will die and that's the year I plan to kill myself and I thought that was just a dark joke at that point, because I didn't have a dog yet and now that I have my dog and this dog, it's the best dog in the world. I love still, we literally know yes, here's the thing, whoever thinks they have the best dog in the world, they're right cuz, all dogs are the best. Don't I wrong. I ever met a right dog you're wrong, but Sammy God loved him. The best thing my ex-wife ever did for me and she literally saved my Walt life is she said, even though every time we ever talked about sweating she's like and I'm taking the dog cause he's my dog when we finally split she's like you, should keep the dog and because she decided to do that during the darkest points to Christmas after the divorce, no matter how miserable I was furry. Little bastards like this thing right here. Look at this look at this be careful red. It's gonna make fun of you. Let them KITT lick your face. Oh my god you're, so gross. Oh! No, but but little monsters like this I made it through those darkest points and that dog is so addicted to me now, 24 hours a day, we're physically in constant just like when you stepped out just a few minutes ago and shredder followed you no matter where you're going Sammy's exactly I, literally leaned forward in the chair and seems like what we're going. What are we doing? He's the most loyal dog and it's wild, because when I got him, it was a shitty dog was he he? He grew up, I guess with in a home with three other animals and that made him miserable and when he came to the house he was pissing all over the place. He was [ __ ] all over the place. If he tried to pick him up, he would bite you. He would run from you and we had to just completely change this baby. But within six months, I had him. Okay playing in my arms I had him laying in my arms eating, treats in my lap and the what a triumph right and so now, when I'm gone for five days, he's just the most depressed dog and I'm depressed without him it really. But when I'm at home we were within physical contact, 24 hours a day, I learned to take a bath, that's the only time. He can't touch me so he's in a he's laying next to the tub. Does that we're dead? He's laying next to me touching me if I'm filming for YouTube my dog 90% of the time he's laying on a stool next to me with his butt touching my leg napping yeah, unless he has to get up to go out or something there so pure I, say I always say to Gila I, wasn't sure about I'm, not a yeah. He prefers to drink. Are there angels? They are truly angels on this planet. We don't deserve dogma and I've you've seen Ricky Gervais is no serious afterlife. So much it's waiting good get a new afterlife Oh. His show I'm sin, but I will tell you that's how it starts. Is his wife dies from cancer and he's super depressed and he he wants to kill himself basically, but then the dog comes in and looks at him like he's hungry or something and he's like it's so funny, because I actually tweeted to Ricky Gervais to tell him what he showed in that show is almost exactly what I experienced after my divorce, because I kind of turned into an [ __ ]. You can see clips of me being an [ __ ] on the internet, because I was being an ass on there, cuz I was hurt and I was miserable and I'm suffering and I was depressed and he didn't want to be there. I don't want to do anything and I was just so unhappy and what he was going through with the suicidal thoughts and then and the ideology and I didn't use heroin or anything like that. But I I did some really stupid, self-destructive stuff, because I was just so unhappy and to see him make it through that show and I just gone through that entire process and was about where the character is at the end of that show. I was like that. Couldn't have been more real like that. If you haven't watched that on Netflix, you have to watch it. Did you also think? Oh you did yeah I didn't know, but you watch that very fast. Just like you watched everything on Netflix, it's like in one day, I tried to stretch it out to I was like I want to watch one episode of that, because his other series on Netflix Derek, if you've seen that know it's, he plays like a mentally challenged mentally challenged to do two works at like an old folks home, and you will cry every episode with me: yeah. It's like mentally challenged a missile yeah and he does it really well. It plays like a mentally challenged. Dude car Lincoln turns in the show right yeah and it's a drama. It's a dramedy I would say because it is funny it parts and definitely has some comic relief, but you will cry every episode if you watch the video and you don't write once that you are not a human. You are dead inside that guy something else. Man he's a real juggernaut, yeah I live nothing but love and respect for that. Dude, I I would take a bullet for that. Guy he's easily. You want a better comedian, I think so man he's it's not just he's a good comedian, but it's just that he's using his power to tell very real stories. No one else is telling I wonder if you would ever be in a situation and take a bullet. Probably not that's. Why I say it right ever was in that situation. You're like a defeated, shakiness your hand and then someone it's like slow motion and then you like recall this conversation, but you guys have to remember I'm self-destructive anyway, I warned you and you're looking for somebody stab me yeah every time you meet someone say nice to meet you and take a bullet for you, yeah I'm, the bullet I'm, the bull again I'm fat I can take four or five men through this this party, you know: I I saw episode of cops where a fat guy got stabbed and he was totally fine because he there was so much fat. You break it didn't even come close to admitting his life. I thought. I have a member I have a memory, one time being fatty I had a vivid memory of that. I was like wow being fat saved this man's life, hmm and what I was useful, yeah I, wonder if I wonder if there's more, we haven't yet thought of you float really well. So, if you're really really hard to get to the bottom of the water, when I was like 400 pounds or so, is it easy for you to lay back and just be really right? So have you ever got like in the ocean? We wouldn't even it'll flight jacket. Man really he's way for rescues. We, like chillin till shark, comes up and bite. You see you but you're, so fat he's just gonna. Take a little bit of you right, been feeling like I just want to go in and pull know that I'm like oh, it's gonna be. Have you not done it? Are you doing like I wanna, okay, can I, really probably you're gonna like natural childbirth or like water, birth or clear water birth is like amazing. What do you think they're doing regular Hospital epidural if your regular [ __ ] right, you have any pain or anything get into some battery. It's so useful because my back hurts I'm. So sorry, have you heard of a skydiving birth? Is that where you pull the cord and then like jerks Redis, the hex crowning, you jump out, but the doctor- and you have about you- know five minutes or so so it it increases the intensity and you just you really get it done cuz. You don't want to hit that ground. You don't hit that ground when the baby's not out all the way- or maybe you do maybe maybe, if you're in Texas and just can't give an abortion any other way alrighty. What do you got for the rest of LA um This, Is It? This is a the last thing. I wanted to do. I did a universal and walked off a mile and did all bunch of rides I couldn't fit on every ride, but I'm fed almost and did you do the Harry Potter I could not fit on, but I did have a butterbeer and Mountain Dew can [ __ ] right off, because that was amazing. That I had a butterbeer and I was like. Oh, my god, this [ __ ] is so dirty. Yeah I couldn't finish it, but it was like, and it's just like a mega cream soda right, I had launched it like the Three Broomsticks and then the the studio tour, which is the real reason I was there I can about yeah and then did the walking dead experience twice. Cuz amazing. It was terrifying because I don't get. What they've done was about the walking dead. The last three seasons since, like negan, hit that one guy in the head I'm just like done right, but the walking dead experience was terrifying. They love, haunted houses, man, I'm coming back for I, think in October to come to Knott's Scary Farm. Just just to do that, because I love that scary show. Well, you got to keep you got to get on Harry Potter! That's when you know right right right. How do they measure you? How do they there so there's a little measurement, a little. You know test seat or whatever and she's like you're, so close honey. Can you just pull your stomach in I'm like no, because I could have probably pulled my stomach in to fit the rest of the way, but they don't have to ride a ride like that Yeah right, I think I would have I didn't had no interest in on the wooden rollercoaster I. Think I would have fit on that. One. Yes, did him again yeah, but I felt when everything else wanted to do so. That's awesome. The Simpson ride was really good. For such an old ride to I was like a really awesome: smart yeah, but oh I do it was like a car yeah, but Disney I was able to do. I did Disney in December. Um took my friend mcjuggernuggets and Adam. The whoo he's a great creator. If you don't know I, don't look him up on YouTube he's amazing. He literally does Disneyland for a living, that's literally a job, because the theme parks for a job- it's amazing. Well, so is that YouTube he just literally goes in films like rides, and films like doesn't like a new Shaq opens it at Universal. He goes in films, the experience and then shares it with everybody he's been doing it for like how do you not run out of content because there's always something changing at Disneyland, always something and he gets a lot of views. It's enough. I mean he gets like 25 30,000 views per video and then eventually like everyone's wrong to get a viral is too much viral videos. He went into the backstage of F cought Center like where stuff was shut down and filmed once and then another time he went to Universal Studios Florida and the old Nickelodeon soundstage. He filmed the urban decay of the old Nickelodeon soundstage and solves like some of the old stuff were like Ren and Stimpy are still on the wall and those videos got millions of millions of views and really made his name, but so that's what he does for a living. He goes to theme parks and explores the country and films klsch it and it was love. I watched every episode, I had for three years. Um though we went to Disney and I rode my first roller coaster, since I was fifteen, it was doing credit coaster, I wrote them all the in credit credit coasters, the only that one item lights yeah. It was Tara one that one is really and it was in. That was the first experience right. That was actually it was amazing. Yeah I have an anxiety, so I mostly just screamed the whole time. Cuz I lost complete control, yeah, and then we did both parks. We did distant California. The only thing I regret doing was the guardians of Galaxy ride, [ __ ], whoever engineered that love that I hated your man tits choking you as you. Okay, that's the difference. Right, I, literally literally had my gut wrap around my head, like I needed to be cut out. That's how bad it was look at actual footage or an Adam's. You know me doing the all these rights and when we were doing the guardians of the galaxy one you can already see my tits left. I know it's because it's you fall faster than gravity. It's yeah faster than gravity yeah! That's insane! Right! That's the only one I regret, but Space Mountain was also a hell of an experience, because it's a dark roller, don't like the dark and I, don't like roller coaster, so I I did use my my pain reliever to get through VidCon that day and I was probably a little little buzzed. By the time we got the Space, Mountain and I'm glad I was on it because I passed out on Space Mountain, like in the queue I passed out at one point and I played it off like I, was just setting down. I knew that I passed out right but, like are you sure, yeah enough from like exhaustion, sidewalk like seven and half miles that day, right like if my body wasn't ready, for example, imagine yeah, we gotta get you like a disney season past and just get you out there hell yeah right like or even just moving to a city, because the walk I like this morning I got up and walked three and a half lakhs just for fun. Right now, who cares right, like I, actually have places you know yeah makes exactly I was in New York man I was walking so much yeah, because it's just it's naturals party. Do you ever miss New, York um, not really I like LA a lot I like I, mean New York's, really fun to visit, but overall I think LA's is such a fantastic place. I really like it, because John was always the New York boy right. You know and then he's moved to the edge of New York well he's in New Jersey. Now, okay, John right John so funny he goes, he he'll be he's the New York boy and then all the sudden one day he's like I hate, New York right now. That may be always of a Newark and he's like I never said that no, but he's in New York he's in New Jersey. He loves it. She still loves it. My kids he's I think I need to watch more case. Maybe well I know he didn't tell me not to say anything. Yeah right, he told me he's moving LA yeah, that's cool man, but John Johnson to him great he's, [, __, ], killed I know that I'm Rooney for like three videos up in the last month, Dolph I, know he's out he's out uploading me not that that's a feed these days but I mean and plus I'm, like your videos, are good. I really like know. What's coming, I love, what you've been uploading but mine, yeah, yeah I was I, was making the joke that Jon's countenance better than yours yeah, but it's not a joke. So no, it's not! No! He put so much work into I. The one time I got to hang out with John or life. Wait. Was it a joke? No, it's not at all John's content. It's amazing! It's like better than mine, it's better than anybody's do know, but it's usually it's better than [ __ ]. Anybody seriously. Like one time, I talked to John the one time I thought your honor hung out with him at VidCon, and it's like buddy I want to quit. Youtube and like yukia says that every night it goes it's just so hard and I know it doesn't have to be hard John. You make it hard on yourself, because every video has to be better than the last video, and we know it doesn't I would watch. You complain about Donkey Kong in your bedroom again. Just make that please make that. Thank know there has to be good in capably, is neurotic actually neuroses right, yeah I feel bad for the guy, but know her because it's the videos or oh well, better than last I- think what he needed is a really good team support system. What she has he's in a really healthy relationship with a really great girl, yeah and he's just got everything great and he seems like mentally he's in a good place. He's got a good team around him and so I think he's just a healthier place and to be creative. You know I'm trying to build now for myself right, I, don't think I'll ever meet the girl I've given up on that, but I've got like I hired my first uh I hired my team to do my little crappy podcast and a little gaming podcast. Nobody listens to. I was really doing that to try to build their careers and then hired my roommate, who was working custodial at the you know the hyper building and doing mowing lawns and crap hired him on as my PA and and now I have like an actual team and and then we're I'm gearing up to hire to do this story. Fire creation, stuff, the content there with Francis to film in that gaming store I, bought and like get some actual actors to make an actual narrative to help actual story and yeah I feel like really creative. For the first time in a while and I felt like I'm sticking to my creative integrity and and yeah I'm gonna like really good place, not that I think if most people were in the place of it right now, they would be like wow. It's hard being. You you're, suicidal and miserable and I'm like yes, but it's also the best I've ever been. This is the happiest I've ever been, including the whole time. I was married, including my first year of upper-bound, including yeah I, just I, don't know I feel like I feel like I'm taking on the world. Well, let's keep it going. You know, yeah, let's keep that predict turi going. Let's see you in a year. Let's get you on that Harry Potter ride, oh yeah and I'm always looking forward to Boogie's next visit. Oh yeah, well, I'll see you in exactly one year: yeah one year, yeah and I'll have a one-year-old shave. I know that's right, he doesn't exist yet, but he will next year mm-hmm it's wild man, you made life yeah, I, know and that life is going to affect the world. Do you think about that right? Let's, so what we're all doing as creators right we're trying to affect the world a little bit either. It's just entertain people to make them happier or whatever but you're, putting real life in the world that life could cure cancer. One day it's not design. Now he's gonna be great, he's gonna, be a cool dude, but if he's anything like I mean, if he's like me, he's not curing cancer, he might get really good at fortnight. Three now we're talking now. We've got expectations in the right place. Now, it's not like Pro, but like pretty good right, like pretty good yeah, a guy win like one oh yeah yeah. My dream is to get rich enough so that he just will never have to work, and he can play for tonight all day a real trust on baby right. You ever see a key and peele has a sketch about Will, Smith's son Jaden. No, all right- and it's like super funny sketching- is one of my favorites but Jaden is like reading a script right and he's like trying to relate to this. I was talking to this agent in this agents like yeah. So this this he's plays basketball and it goes right. So where does he play? The basketball he's like outside? It's like in the hallway and he's like? No no outside he's like in the garage he's like no no outside well. What is outside outside is that area like when you get into your limo, it's the stuff you drive through and he's like. Oh, why would you play ball out there? This is like one of those like you imagine, raising the key, that's so completely desensitized as Jane Smith as to what reality like her first theater. That's what I want for my dog, yeah yeah, that's kind of the joy about dogs. You can spoil them like you can and I do so bad like in order to find, because he was addicted to human food when we got him and he was underweight because they wouldn't feed him very often he so I had to buy one of every treat mmm that existed on Amazon to find three that he liked yeah and now to feed him those three he only eats part of them. There's this one called goofballs in it's a white rawhide ball, but there's a little red chicken script that runs through it he'll piece out the chicken strip and then throw away the rawhide. They come out so like a buck, a ball so he's even like for a day. Yeah I'm spending four bucks a day on one of the treats, but who gives a [ __ ] yeah he's my dog he did I will starve before that dog will do without a a goofball yeah. We got to get him that we gotta get goofballs stat mm-hmm. All right, we'll see you in a year, Q ma'am. We wish you well. We wish you all the best. We wish you a happy. 'no sand joy stay out of the comment, saying yourself: I'm, not even checking Twitter for the layout Leon just do it just do it do a check and then give yourself a week and after the week, B just check in with yourself see how you're doing here's, what I will say. Let me close with this. Okay, if anything I have said in this, podcast has been stupid. If anything I've said on, the Internet has been stupid. I won't, even though I have nothing but the best of intentions. The only thing I want is for the people listening right now to have love and prosperity and and find some happiness in their life and, if you're unhappy with me screw me, it's ignore me forget I, exist and go find something that makes you happy man don't spend your time. Tearing me down, spend your time. Building yourself up. That's all I've ever tried to do. For me. I was trying to never tear anybody down Tim Sweeney, maybe from time to time, but for the most part I'm just trying to build my life up. Please let me do that, and and why don't you guys go do that for yourselves right, I get it I suck, sometimes I've, really screwed up and I've tried to make up for it, I'm trying to be a better person, I'm trying to put positivity in the world and I'm trying to help people, whether it's get their teeth done or come play in my game store or whatever man and and I hope you choose to do the same, put the same effort you would put into tearing me or Ethan or ela, or little teddy or shredder down little teddy yeah. You know I've been in the world. People are sitting on hell, write it use that same effort to build your life out and, and let's make this place a better place. Man hey, let's make the for door yeah great again yeah. Thank you for that. Beautiful I already hear you troll ass [, __, ], [, __, ], hater, ass, [, __ ], you, cooks, get a [, __ ] life, in other words right and I, will not get I. Do you a [ __ ] losers? Yes, that's how I feel to get a life all right, guys, hope you have a terrific weekend! Thank you! As always for watching we love and appreciate you. H3 army we're going to war every episode here on the h3 pot. Yes, we are going to war thanks for watching I love, you very much and I'll speak with you again soon: sons of [, __ ], you [, __ ] boxing [ __ ], get off already go, find a girl, yeah [Music].