Hello, Super Trouper nation I, am your Grand Master of the Super Trouper army, ethan klein with me, my beautiful co-host ela klein my to co-host shredder and Alfredo Alfredo bout it. Today we have the legendary Casey Neistat with those the grand master, vlogger, innovator and entrepreneur entrepreneur workshop organiser he's got a crazy workshop that I think people really like professional runner runner. The guy runs a lot he's forced comp essentially, but not [, __ ] way to drop the horrible. You cannot say that word, why not HeLa and into our word it's no more words that all word, let's see before before we bring KCM. He is a waiting backstage on the Gatsby which is really exciting, but before we bring him in I want to announce that the new collection has dropped today at Teddy, fresh, calm, lots of good stuff, there's a huge collection guys. It's so fun here. Take a look at the scram to blast through this really fast. Either you talk about it. Zip up, Hoodie color-block need a hug tie-dye, that's hi, dice um called black hoodie and new callers white whoa whoa. We got a new beanie colors. This is probably one of the most exciting I'm. Really this year we saved all the good stuff for fall. You know no windbreaker in two colorways you've got the coach's jacket for the first time when they buy puddi for the first time, yeah. Here's one of the new color-block yeah. That's a t-shirt to look at that. [ __ ] me break it out of here with that [ __ ], be sure, there's so much there's so many [ __ ] other new color-block good. Those do fall, colors baby! That's how we got to do it. There's another zip up, I gotta go even faster Kalibak, zip up zip up the particle Bock. This I like to call this one, the Barbie Barbie color. This is the need. A hug crew. Wow, give me a break there's. So many items keep going another colourway. Oh my god need a hug. Okay, uh-oh there's so many. This is the pole that I'm wearing I love this shirt. Uh-Uh look at the colors on the polos good. Stick: [Music]! Look at all the products! Dude! Okay, we're done! This is such an awful beginning. They can always be plugging well with that being said now that I've dropped the our bomb f bomb and had the worst intro possible to our podcast here with Casey, let's bring in case. Hopefully he can make this a little bit better. So without further ado, I welcome mr. Casey nice tat to the show. Casey was gonna happen such a disaster and that's what I'm talking says. Dan, add more pain. Dan see you guys good to be here to see a welcome to the a3 podcast I really appreciate the whole entrance situation well supposed to be deep down. More I apologize. Music just came up like a flatbed of deli, but it's supposed to explode Dan. That's what I was afraid of you got to decide. You know I'm not or you don't want to throw anybody under the bus but stuff there will anyone under the Gatsby, maybe it's time for Dan de, oh, no offense, Dan yeah. You did a great job, but besides that Casey's here I've got some cases here to make some changes. I've got some of you to see that taping I can say. Are you talking drinking? Is this hot cocoa or pumpkin? Something it's definitely not pumpkin it? Thank god it's. This is a soy, milk latte with some chocolate or what no I don't do dairy you don't do any dairy. Are you lactose intolerant mmm-hmm, you just don't [ __ ] with their I? Don't [ __ ] with their you want. Are you again weird to suck on Cal Tet, I'm IM vegan? You are yeah and you know that yeah Beleza, since when but you're so you're, so jacked I'm, like one of those Jack vegan dudes, that's cool, okay. First of all, okay I know, I, didn't think I didn't think our sponsors look, but your block and Oh put your box. Oh my god. What's your block? No! No Bob! Oh, it says block of my document. We got a retake Oh butcher, block box right, Dan, butcher box box, put your marks and bomb bass, company Teddy fresh, of course now you're, one of these jacked vegans, but you're you run a lot when you're jack. So, are you doing push-ups and sit-ups and all that [ __ ]? Are you doing weights like? Why is this part of the plug? Are we still are? We still doing here? Don't kill the dogs. Alright Dan is slowly back in the Gatsby. You know just thinking out loud here yeah if the picture of the guest was printed on. Maybe a thinner piece. I know that it was your imperforate that paper we've done, although that is exactly what we did last man is rolling. That's exactly what we did last time. I, don't know why these guys show up with the band this we're now not taped on the bottom of teasing. It's also terrifying for the viewers at home. Your Gatsby has no brakes yeah and but it's clean the threshold to the door where I have to have momentum to break through my canvas picture. There's like 72 inches tops where you're at cameras and five yeah. So this is a high-risk maneuver, but you know that's the mobility spirit. That's the spirit. Wait I can build a scooter. You, like you drive through an escalator you later, you wanna, see. I can't show you this yeah that sounds boring was in an accident or was it somebody doing a Lube? No, it's hilarious, oh okay, okay, but he doesn't die nope nope. He does believe you, but it was yeah. Well anyway, he got. He misses the elevator and he keeps trying keeps ramming it when it's clearly left and then he just kind of like and then it opens and he disappeared, no open. He [ __ ] forces way through they literally died, yeah hardcore metal that is so metal. I'll shut you off the air, cuz I, don't think I could show people dying yeah, that's heavy! Also. What are we talking so do sit-ups and push-ups, and how are you so jacked? Well, actually, I've broke my collarbone like a month ago, so I haven't been a month of nothing but stagnation. Just kind of sitting around eating stuff waiting to get healed. Really I was on like a one of my motorized one of my many motorized vehicles and had a little bit of goof and landed on the old collarbone interesting cycle. No, no! It was like a it's like a one wheel. One wheel: it's like a thing one wheels are amazing. I highly recommend anybody but motor and pay attention. I wasn't wearing pads. Nor was I paying attention and it like went into a pothole kind of thing just know. So you were on like a boosted board, one wheel, yes qualifying out for a disability mobility. You know if you want to try one be on your I should be permanently on the Gatsby. I'm gonna show you guys just for dramatic purposes. I'll show you an x-ray of what my shoulder looks like because I'm expecting some real, a really strong response to this photo cuz. It is rather dramatic. You were going fast. Presumably I was going too fast to run out. You know like when you don't really fast to feel like father's run. That was doing too fast and you tried to run it out. I hate, I didn't try to run out. It was just like I was trying to okay. So that's looking at a human shoulder right there and then cool right, sick, that's the that's the human shoulder right there and then that's a that's a serious break. Yeah. Can you see that? Can you see that yeah yeah there's a break? A broken collarbone looks like that's now, that's what it looks right now: yeah Wow [ __ ] up, and how do you treat? Do you just wait? Yeah, wait! Okay! Well, if you want to get into the the nuts and bolts of it, it can be screwed back together, but you got your sternum here which protects your heart, and then you got your actual shoulder, which has all these little parts in it to keep it working. This collarbones sort of a fuse so trauma here or trauma here breaks this. Are you fact-checking right now? Yes, okay, so trauma here. A trauma here breaks this. So if you have a lot of metal there and you're active like I am and you take a big fall either that metal is just gonna wreck your collarbone or you're gonna break something far worse, so you just sort of let it be oh yeah, so it's gonna be all deform. Can leave the door? That's okay, and are you able I know you just had a baby - relatively really smooth right, yeah yeah? Are you able to hold I can hold her. The only that stuff is like when my older kid comes running at me: screaming kicking up wow yeah, that's really uh! That's a big injury for you yeah! It happens not to me. I never broke a bone in my life Ethan, you gotta, you gotta just ride more electric vehicles and elimination. The beauty of the gas fee is that other people's bones break, not yours. If anybody's gonna get hurt on the gas, yeah I think feels pretty outfit for safety. Unless you go no I'm, not a turd or I'm fine, the people, you hear what you're saying and I'm gonna stop cursing I said today, yeah, we said no cursing and look at me: f-bombs open eye open with our bomb. Do you think? That's? Okay? No! It's not! Okay, my car with our bomb! No, it's talking about kids! You guys have been coming up. It's how you deal with your children when they swear. Oh, it's really easy when, like a little kid just yells out, like a swear word, you just say don't say that, but when they use it perfectly mmm when I could go independent, sighs I was with my daughter at like the grocery store and we're trying to pay, and they have one register open. There's a million people and they have like the self check up and always there to help me all. The lights are blinking and we're just trying to get out of there cuz. We just bought our food. We want to go home and she looked at me and she goes this place is a [ __ ], all I consider is you're. Absolutely right! Badass, you know cuz, it might say criticize is perfect. You see encourage that's what it does it do. You ever do like curse in front of her or do you not curse? Why not to curse in front of your kids yeah but, more importantly, is you try to teach them when it's appropriate when it's not appropriate Owen, the older kids, very good with that really little, and because we told them that when it sounds really bad, when kids said he understood that he can fertilize that but Francine's she's, not down with that I got. My word doesn't understand words yet yeah. There will come a time in the near future where how will be faced with I know it's just existential issues yeah, but I, but I really am trying to stop cursing and from here on out, you will not hear not even one [ __ ]. Did you I appreciate that? Although the way you just said that I should have removed the context? And it would have yes listen to remember when Howard Stern went from FM - yeah I, listen, we listen nowadays, it's a great show, but it has always been the greatest show, but when he went from not being allowed to swear to swearing at first it was not. It was doing a great disservice to his show just like, because everybody could swear, everybody was swear and then I remember when Howard put the kibosh on it. There was like guys, no more swearing, no more swearing. If you use it too much, it loses it. It does. Thank you, I agree. You need that restriction to be correct. I love, Jerry, Seinfeld's approach. He thinks that it's basically like the easy way. If you can do the same without swearing, that's better yeah, yeah, I'm, a big world history, buff and the f-word was used so much in World War, one that if officers really wanted to get the attention of the troops, they would issue a command without saying [, __ ] in it mm-hmm, because that's when that would be taken seriously, because the F word is a part of every sentence really and World War one. Thank you, 14 1918, yeah, very serious. So let me let me dig here: ok, let's do it I want you know. I did not freeze the reddit thread for questions for Casey. That's mostly out of fear. That's good I want to ask you. You know. I'm gonna go to order here. Did we ever have beef I feel like I? Don't know that we ever had a direct. Never had beef I mean I, don't mean with some videos that you guys didn't that you didn't like you were pretty critical of them, but when people criticize the work and not you I think it takes a really weak person to take that personally, especially because, like you kind of had a lot of points, you know like I did something that was which ones are we talking about because I like the Hillary video, like I, thought you and Phil had really smart, critical responses to that and I think both you guys were right. I was gonna. Ask in retrospect. Looking back on the Hillary vid. Do you still stand behind that video, especially everything? That's transpired since then you know well, I. Think one I think you. You asked me that, like right after I made- and you gave me like really- you II- think even like really small feedback yeah, you cuz, you were like you know: I voted for Hillary Clinton, it's true yeah and so I mean yeah. Like I really think that the way I- and this is true for that video politics and just sort of everything in general- it's like that's why the hot take is so dangerous right yeah, but when you let emotions lead instead of letting rational thought lead, so I mean if I'm gonna get really into the weeds on that. When I look at a video like that, like what was my goal, my goal was to sort of share my perspective with my audience. Why I felt that way and hopefully compel them to try to empathize? With my perspective, okay, that's the goal, and then you back out of there like, what's the most effective way to accomplish that goal, and that's where I think I really made a mistake, I I, don't think my video was effective because it was too I was too like upset and angry and emotional, when I made that video and I think those sort of emotions, turn people off I think a more effective way would have done it who have done. It would have been like to volunteer my perspective, which I did in that video wrong, but I everything I said in that video about how I feel about yeah. The president I still feel that way. A lot of those things have really netted out he's trying to been the you know. The person that I foresaw him being so I could have been. There was a much more effective way to present that right and I also think like in that effective way of presenting that like and what made it so complicated fan of hers she suck. No one was no one was that's. Why I think I'm so frustrated yeah was it wasn't like look here's this amazing candidate that you guys should all know about, and here's this other guy who's, not good and here's. Why he's not good I couldn't say that I don't know if any what I said were the people that don't understand the context? Casey made a video back during the last election. You had basically said vote for for Hillary, because trouble was less it was. It was don't vote for a trump yeah, don't and here's. Why? But that wasn't the part that got me in trouble. Yeah, you had a sense of urgency. I had a sense of urgency and I also was like oh to motional, is also really frustrated, then with the YouTube community, because the community at large, like given the pro Trump, errs who I, respect and I understand I. My dad voted for Trump I have no beef with people who have different political positions than mine, but the pro Trump words were really intimidating, leading up to the last election. Like I know, you mentioned one thing on Twitter you get attacked and that sucks- oh, that's still true. It's still true and even just saying like even if I'm like yeah I voted for Hillary, less, which I I readily admit to it's, not like secret, but yeah people. The pro Trump errs are [ __, ] yeah, it's scary, bro, I'm, scary, they're, they're, the craziest people out there, yeah and I see your point. I feel like a lot of youtubers, probably including us, so we're feeling like it's better to not take sighs, because you're gonna divide your audience yeah and that felt that was upsetting for me because, like I guess, look I was I. Think for a while I think what were you were coming from and I can see. Maybe I'm putting words in my mouth. Correct me if I'm wrong, but like yeah almost is like Howard us in a way, because truly the reason, a lot of people also a lot of the reason you don't want to get involved in stuff like that is because you don't want the heat, because you know that the people are just so so divided, so deadly they're, just no, not even that, but the people that oppose you are they so bitter and they're so relentless, and they will try to ruin your life for opposing them. So it's like it's a combination of yeah. Is it worth it? Have you even going there, but that's their goal. Race make it work, yeah and I. Think I felt like I was like I felt like that at the time you want you wanted to be like screw these guys. It was more just like look if you, if you have an opinion, if you don't have an opinion, I get it. Nobody do, but if you have an opinion, you're scared to share it because you're scared of the repercussions you are doing a disservice and I think like the way. I just said it right here just now, like that's a diplomatic, appropriate way of saying it and I think in that video it lacked that kind of diplomacy. I, don't think I was right about us. Looking back. Do you see that, as a like a big moment in your career like how do you? How do you perceive it when family I mean time it was a big? It felt like a big deal right, maybe I guess people took made up quite a big thing about it. I mean I I jumped on that I talked about it, I mean a lot of people talked about it. The kind of thing that people also move on yeah I mean I guess it also is just like I mean politics is such a divisive thing and for it's, it's largely absent, I, think within the YouTube community, except for the political channels which are so political on both sides. You know what I mean like I, think Phil DeFranco I was like one of the only really kind of fair down the middle like a political shows, but when you look at like the young turks or you look at, you know the more info, it's they're, both super they're they're really far and while inside exactly that's right. Now you kind of have to because it's like you got to get your people and you got it like kind of preach to the choir and that sense. Nobody, really nobody wants to listen to the fair and balanced guy. They want their their views validated they want their. They want to be a part of the community and they want to. You know what I'm saying it's like siient you've got CNN. You got Fox News, yeah I. This whole thing with molars are not molar. He's old news yeah, the Ukraine that way so low whistleblower, so I'm, I, intentionally put on I switch between CNN and Fox News cuz I've tried you I, want the exact, like I'm, really curious. What they're saying? Okay, it's important to understand both and it's just, but it's like that. You know it's just shocking. The perception is so different. It's so I mean it's like I. Also, my favorite thing to do with Paula, with podcast rather is like I'll, listen to a really liberal podcast. You know that crooked media has some great podcast, but then whatever I'm listening to on that I thumb through like Ben Shapiro and find him talking about the same subject matter and I find that like, unless you expose yourself to really the extremes on both sides, it's hard to get an understanding of what other people thank ya, yeah and I do want to I. Do value very much. You have to really understand their argument if you gonna empathize with them in any movement. Well, yeah like the abortion thing, is something we've talked about here. People who oppose abortion literally think you're murdering a baby. What could be worse than that? It's like so is in very in in other ways you have to understand how they see, because it's easy to be like. Oh, that's just insane. These people are crazy. How do they believe that hmm, it's like when you realize that they're saying the portion is murdering a baby, then it's like well yeah. If you think about it. That way, then it's hard to yeah where it gets dangerous, is when you spark to dismiss people who have different opinions from yours because you're like well, they think difference so they're just wrong and you move on like that's, not a healthy thing. Yeah, though right become the norm and I. Think that's scary, I think that's scary, like getting into talking about the broad implications of like the the true reality, Rhian ization or democratization of communication. The fact that, like everybody as he can have a youtube channel, everybody can say whatever they want on Twitter, everybody can communicate whatever they want to communicate. The things that go, the farthest are the most polarizing, the most divisive like the more extreme. You can be the more impactful your statement and it produces this sort of incentivization around whether it's extremism or sensationalism that will be taken to its inevitable conclusion. Don't know what that is, and it's really scary. It's like you know, who's really good at that is like the president is really Donald. Trump is one of like the best I, don't know how he could become unbelievable at how he he's like that, though I don't know, if I'm saying this right, the tail, that's wagging the entire dog of the media world of the conversation like he is unbelievably good at that yeah I agree on and you see smart news outlets that doesn't do them just falling into line like there. He puts out the bait and they run right to the trap yeah. It's because they're they want ratings, and it's juicy and everybody. It's your resistible right, like dude like I'm, I'm, I, love I'm, just fascinated by how he's house I want to see how he's spinning the whistleblowing thing and I just listened to like the New York Times podcast on the way over give talking about perspectives, I have to listen to the Fox News one on the way back, but this seems like a this is like a huge deal. It seems like a big deal to me, the deed, like the more I scratch the surface like here I got to read you this specific tweet. This is how he phrases it. Do you follow Donald, Trump, um, yeah, of course I? Don't I can't happen or not, but this is how he phrases it and this. This is how his supporters see it too right they go by the new Teddy fresh flying looks dope. Thank you really dope. Thank you. So much I've been laces. I never saw oh okay, I can't panicking and I want to give you guys a bunches, yeah outfit us it's great cool, so good. It's such a fan, even this better, be like you. I we have seen you on supporting the yang gang I mean look, Andrew yang I think is so fantastic he's like a he's fresh air right, yeah, and it's like you know, I think people say to me have said to me things along the lines of like. Why are you supporting? He doesn't stand a chance of well okay. My response that is irrelevant, like true I, do think he stands a chance, but, let's suppose he doesn't stand a chance. I still think it's worth elevating him because he's bringing a brilliant perspective to things like he I heard this breakdown of his universal basic income I and it yeah. He calls it a freedom, dividend and I. When I. Do you think it's smart I do support it, but beyond the financial implications of it he tied it to about like human dignity and the fact that like when you have nothing, you lack that dignity. You lack that compassion. You lack that understanding and if everybody has just this, this bare minimum safety net, it will elevate kind of dignity, it will elevate the conversation it will elevate and it was such like there's such profundity to that concept. The idea that our president, like a presidential candidate, could run on something. That's that you know it's not like human, that's not about elevating the humans like the way that we all feel yeah. I love that I love, I love how he everything connects when you listen to his solution, it connects everything like Mental, Health, Careers, changing and just everything is part of the picture yeah. It really for me. First of all he's definitely the dark horse he's the only guy raising dude he's, not like 8%, that should it's insane and CNN and NBC chosen here. You know why I love being he even Bernie Sanders, who am a fan of now almost looks. His approach is dated because Andrew yang is the only person who is looking actually into the future. These guys are trying to address these problems that we're facing now, but but you've. Next Andrew yang is the only one who's saying and 50 year and 20 years, but also it's not even in 20 years right. A lot of it is already happening. He's right. We we misclassified a lot of the problems we see in society. Well, for example, this stuff we blame immigrants for that's what he says. It's a robot problem, not an immigrant problem, and nobody else is nobody else. Even acknowledging that yeah plus his math is pretty great like make America great again at because one of the best khun's campaign slogans ever but well, Reagan created Metin make America great thirty years old. It's still amazing. He bit that from Reagan became eventers much a good one, but I think math might be even better merica think harder. It's so virtuous and amazing yeah. It is great yeah I rock the math huh. A lot of people ask I gotta, get that math I gotta go yang, is a great guy friend of the show. I got to bring him on again, I have to say seeing him on a show like yours shows a kind of understanding of what's needed to reach people toward I. Think a lot of like it. Bernie Sanders was given so much credit for going into a Rogen's podcast, which, certainly, like god, bless him was great and I have to say, like I'm, pretty versed when it comes to politics and I learned about Bernie, more from Joe's, podcast and maybe anywhere else, but Andrew had done it weeks prior. He was on there like six months Leslie as Arab before did your show and then when I was still in New York I deemed him and I was like dear mr. yang I, wasn't actually like Andrew I was like I'd love to do an interview with you like same day text me back. It's like great Casey. Would you mind if I connected you with someone yeah, it's like just a G and I think that that really demonstrates not just an understanding. Is that like? How do you communicate with people? But, like you know, I, don't know what your demographic is, but I assume it's younger than CNN's and how important it is communicate directly with that audience as to where they are. He came here with this whole staff and they're very they're, young people and they're the kind people who know who people like we are so when I tweeted at him I was like hey. Would you like to come on? Our podcast he's got people that he's got good people to say it. This is important yeah. By the way he deleted that tweet, he deleted. The president can't delete tweets deleted a tweet yeah. He said why the [ __ ]. Would he delete that one up, but he's kind of a [ __ ]? Isn't he like just to be honest, like he's kind of a whiny [ __ ] too, like lately, he just wins a lot, there's what he said he said: Democrats are trying to destroy the welcoming party. All it stands for fight hard. He said Republicans, he says, Democrats are trying to destroy the Republican Party and all it stands for. Stick together play their game and fight hard Republicans our country's at stake. Why would he delete that I I, don't know it's, it makes you wonder, doesn't doesn't it I mean there's a lot of things he should be deleting if he's looking out for his own well-being. This is the kind of rhetoric where he's like I'm I'm I'm under the microscope. For for something really bad well, we're gonna investigate it fun off its true the whistleblower complaint. But his response is it's a conspiracy. We have to stand together, they're trying to destroy our country bite hard. Well, look, I mean I, I. Think wow. The real threat to him here is that, if the, if the implications are if like, if enough comes out of this whistleblower situation, where it becomes unequivocal like there's, no, you either admit that what he did was wrong or you were wrong like it's, that black and white, which never happened. The molar investigation, obstruction of justice like what did molars say like this. If he had not committed obstruction of justice, I would have said so it's like. Does that mean he did it's like [, __, ], English, yeah, yeah I know what he was saying, but it was complicated. You yeah, it was easy to argue that, like this is all noise. Yes, but if this comes out, so black and white I think the real feel fear hearing the concern for the president. Is that like, if it's so unequivocal, that the Republicans are like? Okay, I'm, not just gonna, just keep playing the violin on the deck of the Titanic here, like I'm, not gonna, ride this thing down and then they start to come out and be criticize him like the whole house of cards could fall quickly. Good, that's a scary process, but he's already. The spin is already he's already ahead of that because he's going the whistleblower is a partisan hack, he's a spy right. But did you watch the interview with the Acting DNI yesterday? Yeah? Yes, I'm not the interview that it's tough like he can say that about Muller's 12 angry at democrat democrats, which I don't think was actually true, but the point is like you can throw you can spray a fog machine at that and make it blurry. But something like this like it's it is, you know, but I don't know. Spending like - I, like I, would like to think that's true, because what I the accusations that I see are are just you know, textbook corruption, it's not you know, come on he's long gone nothing. He goes dick to Donald Trump. Well, that's what I'm saying okay I'm saying one: the whistleblowers, a partisan hack, we're already spinning that narrative -! Okay, even if the complaint is true, I see them saying this - already. Even if the complaint is true, then what all I was doing was trying to investigate Joe Biden's, son's corruption. It wasn't about trying to benefit me. I was trying to their job ID and song was was doing. Corrupt things in Ukraine and I was I was just investigating for the good of our country. What about isn't is incredibly effective, isn't it you know. Well people people who are in people there in all Anton Donald, so I mean they'll grab on and hold on look I. Look at my dad and I asked him about something like that and he just sites all like a supporting gone from, and he just cites nothing. But what about ISM and I I think it's really interesting because of how just how effective it is and I have to say, like you know like during the 2016 campaign, he made the whole thing about like what about her. What about her? What about and it was wildly effective yeah. It was wildly effect yeah. So, in a situation like this, if yeah I, imagine that's going to be his course of action and I think you're right, it does stand a chance of like yeah, I'm, outing the whole Teflon dong, yeah, he's good at that being Teflon, Don -. Well, sorry to interrupt, but uh we gotta go to break. Ok. Thank you. Dan appreciate that Dan, okay, we're gonna, go to a quick break, we'll be right back we're gonna get off politics. Yeah and we're going to talk more about [Music], like my I, can't even say: cuz, it's so good, wait and find out. I cannot wait when it comes to meet ela, it's more than just texture and taste. Okay, there's other things you need to factor in there's: hidden cost of low quality meat. Instead, you've got environmental costs. You've got weird flavors, it's all bad, but quality humanely raised meat. It needs to be important to everybody, it's better for you, it's better for the ammo, it's better for the environment. That's! What's the beauty of butcher box I'm, talking butcher box, they're gonna. Send you a ridiculous amount of meat, dude 9 to 11 pounds of meat enough for 24, individual meals. It comes frozen and dry ice, baby, packed fresh, shipped frozen vacuum. Sealed you can custom customize it. However, you like whatever cut you like I'm talking I'm talking 100% grass-fed finished, be free-range organic chicken heritage breed poor wild caught salmon. That's what I'm talking about, and some people can't even find that high quality meats in their grocery stores, maybe he's bloody without have access to. You know grass-fed beef beef. They isn't slammed full of hormones. Is that you know it's a it's a that's! What butcher box is so beautiful, they'll ship it right to your door, humanely maid, humanely raised healthier better! It's it's a beautiful thing: it's a no-brainer! It's the best meat ship right to your door. Sh means one less trip to the grocery store. You got all the go. I got bacon too come on. It was affordable and convenient way to get healthy, humanely raised me with butcher buck. You get the highest quality meat for just around six dollars a meal. They have free shipping everywhere nationwide, except for those idiots in Alaska and Hawaii. Doesn't that suck the Alaska? No wonder they can't get any good free shipping. Look at this here's my book just to give you guys an idea. This was this is what the food did. What the meat seized before before it's eaten. Here's the dry ice to keep it fresh. Everything was frozen, solid, Alaskan, saket salmon, look I like them! It's rich red, color, grass-fed beef, rib steak at the farm. You know what ribeye steak. You know what I'm saying you know I'm trying to say look at all that meat, dude bacon, thighs pork, ground, beef, ah chicken, breast and that's sake we made it was delicious. It was so good. Unbelievable I mean give me a break here. Folks, here's a deal that I've never heard before butcher box is offering new members ground beef for life. Take that in Willy Wonka with that Everlasting Gobstopper, yes be for life. That's two pounds of ground beef in every box for the life of this subscription plotz twin doze off the first box. Damn, but that's just what I needed. Let's play ground beef butcher box, calm, slash, h3 or enter promo code, h3 a check up! That's butcher box, calm, /h Lee or enter promo code. H3 a check out! You gonna need this lifetime supply a ground. You know that sucks are the number one most requested: clothing item in homeless, shelters. Interestingly, also in my bedroom, it's the one number one most. Does that mean I'm, homeless, I, look homeless well bombast is on a mission to change that they created the most comfortable socks in the history of feet and for every pair of socks purchased bombast donates a pair to someone in need, designed with special comfort innovations, colors patterns, lengths and styles. Bomb bass are perfect for the whole family, get your hands on a pair of bombast socks and your feet will thank you. Did you know that bomb bass has donated over 20 million pairs and Counting? That's a lot. Well, there's a lot a lot of socks. They must be good there they're made from super soft natural cotton and every pair is designed with arch support and it's seamless toe like that. A seamless toe yeah, because you know how sometimes you get that o on your pinky toe cool yeah and a cushion to footbed. That's supportive, but not too thick. My new favorites well, don't put words in my mouth. They said my new favors are their número wool socks designed to be breathing right, I, never hit you in just the right amount of thickness. That's totally something you would say. My new Mero wool socks they're- they like those with tons of different colors patterns, lengths and styles bomb bass, also make the perfect gift for everybody on your list. Oh that's right. The holidays are right around the season Wow. Here we go guys. I got it. I got a offer for you save 20% on your first purchase when you shop at bombast, COMSOL sh t, that's B, OMB bomb ass bomb, ask.com bomb bass. It's just one. Ask though yeah it's like bomb ass, but one us bomb bass, b.o.b bo and bas, comm /h, three to save 20% bombast dot-com, slash, h3, hey! Welcome back alright I promise, some real juicy stuff, but I clickbait to jail. I got nothing Ethan. Is that because little boy's room a little boy what's going on in there boys? That makes sense, but you gotta shake that once they grow up. If you didn't have kids, that would be weird yeah, it gets weird. Is it weird that my look? My son's 21 he's a six foot two inch grown-ass man solid. Frankly, he saved me by telling you that all right bring on the juice man, I'm, ready, I, know uh, first of all, you're in LA you're, mr. New York. Why are you late? Why are you here? You know everybody asked me and about like how much I'm missing New York I, don't miss New York at all, except for you just said, like I'm mr. New York I, miss it being part of my identity like there's something about like New York is so harsh that anyone who lives in New York like nice yeah, you may be nothing. You may be like you're going for it, yeah going it's so there's no living. There only survive. Yes, so if someone's surviving that city, it means they're doing it for a reason, and that is an admirable thing. So do you feel more comfortable here in LA I? Do you kidding me? It's like vacation and every single day the life I live it at a beach. I. Think the Fredrik wake up play with my kids drop me off at school, like go surfing, go for a hike, go home like it's like, if literally like vacate, like my father-in-law, says that he harbors guilt, because the quality of life here is so good. He moved here too yeah my. So that's the reason like that. Why we moved why we picked LA was Candace's parents moved here a year and a half ago or see loads here? They all live here, they're all very happy here, my big brother, who has a baby who's, the same age as my baby. He lives here. I really want you. We always have families that way after mm-hmm and how was Candace doing how's the family doing in LA, um, good C, +, C, Mon, yeah. There's problems, there's problems but like C plus there's our family packing. No, no, that's a B plus it's a big move! So it's a big change but she's. Also a New York girl, yeah I made it through ten years. How are you what's your rating in a plus Oh, a plus to the point? Ethan were no [ __ ] I cannot have this conversation with Candace. Like this morning we got back from New York last night. She was there for work for four days yeah back this morning. I was like you've been quiet and she's like well. I can't tell you how good my trip was and how much I love, New, York, cuz you're, just gonna, say to me. Well I love that lay costal like she's right. We do. We do I'm to your Koopas, big yeah, which means which means I go down first, but if lose, and is it inch so you're what your wife is currently breastfeed right, no I thought we weren't gonna talk about this. Oh we don't breastfeed, I, mean I, don't mean to say it like that. Oh I know she physically my wife, physically cuz I mean I'm just trying to let the swerve I were talking about New York no agree not go to the breastfeeding thing. I just wanted to it's kind of explore why she may be not enjoying the LA lifestyle. Oh I I think there's myriad reasons. What I think she she does enjoy aspects of daily lifestyle in a big way, - and this part the biggest factor, I kind of smell, like the last year of my life in New, York buttoning things up like I, was checked out, like no joke. My wife literally put me in therapy in New York City, because of having such a hard time being there. For the last year, I was just done like a toast had popped up from the toaster oven. I was out especially cuz. We bought our house in Los Angeles a year over a year ago. You were just talking about how yeah, so for eight months, I'm, just in New, York being like freezing my ass off I. Have this really cool place in Los Angeles? That I want to start my new life in yeah, and she never did that. In fact, like sure momentum in New, York City was so entrenched in New York City that when we left she just felt like it was, and it is like she has a company there with employees and I had three sixteen or and I. Have someone really capable my partner, they're running it so I have a more distance than she has so there's like there's a whole bunch of those factors and then, on top of that, a lot of the aspects that I love about LA. She just doesn't. She doesn't partake and if that makes sense, I mean to be cryptic. What I mean is like in my neighborhood have ten friends? Oh that we'd partake Candis does smoke weed she partake hardening sounds like I mean like a dozen friends to all live in my neighborhood and, like we hang out by children like go to the beach together and yeah. We exercise together and ride bikes together. Do you think she's feeling left out a little bit, um I, think she's feeling left out in the fact that I'm I'm so happy here and I'm so excited to be here and she's not and that causes resentment, not that she's not gonna, be friends with her. If she wants cuz I have no friends. I have like one friend I appreciate like great place to start and yeah I'd appreciate that, and you just invoice me for it or whatever friend, right Steve, but no overall, it's good. The kids are happy like they really enjoy it. Like that's good, my daughter went to summer camp those at the beach. How crazy is that that's awesome and she's like so. The bigger concern was like I can I can handle Candace's stress about this move because it makes sense. It's rational, I was really worried about the kids freaking out, oh yeah, and they have it like I. Think my daughter's really excite me here at least unbelievable I feel a bit I, sometimes when I, when I'm here and it's like I feel like this is so nice that I start to understand where white privilege comes foam because, like I said, Eames I feel like oh that's, white privilege like I am I feel so privileged. Sometimes you know, because I'm and I'm, like I, hate that natural state of being really yeah exactly privilege, yeah I'm, not that kind of person I will sail of white privilege. But I feel like this is euphoria here. I say it a lot because, like especially coming from Israel I, don't know it's everything is so nice here, yeah I'm sure there are people who are living in poverty and shitty places in America, but not here, baby, except for the homeless baby yeah. But no like that. What you're talking about I feel like especially since I got here. My focus has been finding a footing and like spending time, the kids spending time with the family like you're, really embracing the things that I was I, never did in New York, and it does show like just how privileged of a life you have like until you like, stop the sprint and like you're, just saying they're catching a breath. Looking around it's hard to realize just how special all right and, like a word that I use that hard-working successful people don't like to use, is lucky yeah, like [ __ ] that hustle hard work like all of its [ __. ] luck is 98% of it being at the right place, the right time and the 2% is talent and hard work, and all that other stuff like come on. I really make I know how I feel about you. Percent okay, I'll go 3%, I, won't go I, make [, __ ] cool, YouTube videos, you and that warrants has been same like I know. No one can make your video my appreciation, though everyone also you're, like your psycho bro and I, mean that you, you posted a video every day for 800 days. I mean that's. Not luck! That's like you literally I, would imagine the thing that I thought when I was watching your vlogs like for 800 days and rows like this guy doesn't see his family, probably well. That was the truth right, but so have you ever met, like a have you ever met like a coal miner or construction worker who's worked ot 800 days in a row because they exist have I ever met a coal miner yeah, you know, I, do know this coal miners work way: [ __, ] harder than a vlog, that's okay or a podcaster day. They don't get to live these ridiculous lives that we get to live in New, York and LA, and by you you did start a whole new genre. I appreciate I appreciate all popular eyes. Let's say right, popularize the right sounded more like would you say you started it or popularized it? You know, I, don't know, legacies a funny thing, I'll say start it for you, because you don't want to say it for yourself. Yes, I will say that, like I, think a lot of the initial success of my YouTube vlog was the fact that people hadn't seen anything that looked or felt like that before and yeah, and so frequently with such a necessity. It was a big part of yeah, like if you remember back to vlogging, which was so like a strange word. People didn't know that word now. It just means youtuber, but vlogging in 2014-2015 was literally like a couple of people who lived interesting lives and shared it via a point-and-shoot camera, but it was very literal, very, very linear, linear and very literal. This is what I'm doing right now follow along would be right, and my approach was never that it was always like okay 24 hours is such a long amount of time and I know. I can pull five to ten minutes of rich interestingness from that to share. So it's like fundamentally a different approach and I. Think that's what, when people like yourself, ELA generously, credit me with starting something new I, think that that approach was really fresh on the planet and that approach has been really widely adopted. But I think that if I didn't do it, then somebody else would've liked it I, don't think, there's anything particularly revolutionary about that. I just think. It's sort of an evolution of the process and I think that I feel right. Exactly getting back to luck, yeah like if I try, if I did my vlog now but then resent their luck, it's 3% either. He doesn't believe it's 3% I do you're coming from the dude that runs 15 hours a day and we used to work 22 it you, you would go to. You would say it's a heaven stopwatch when I, you know like the most [ __ ] up thing. I've ever heard in my life I had to get there. I had to get the work done. Yeah your day is not 24. It's like 48 he's trying to commit, let's tuck in Casey's, okay, no! No! It's not 3%! You know that I do do. Jerry Seinfeld doesn't believe in luck and I'm Jerry I follow Jerry Seinfeld. Okay, you just got [ __ ] owned I mean. If you want to keep today this weekend, no I, don't I, don't okay! I can tell, and you you've just told me I, do wonder about like the amount of work you put in your dedication to your job at the time. How that did affect your family in your home life and and essentially the consequences of working so much I mean it affected. It tremendously and I think that the working so much was only a small part of it. I think a bigger part of it was the fact that you know my family was such a big part of the vlog. For so long like when my older daughter now turned one or like 11 months, we stopped putting her in any videos in any social media. It's like a first time when she turned one was when the vlog was like four or five months old and I realized that, like whoa there's an audience here, people are watching this I, don't want to put my kids out there in this capacity anymore, I stopped putting them out there, but even so that aside, you know my relationship with my wife was a big part of the narrative of my relationship with my kids. As far as me, being your father was a big part of it. Yeah and I think the social implications of that were as impactful, if not more than the sheer hours. I was working and the implications of that were things like if Candace and I weren't in a good place in our marriage, there's no [ __ ] way. She was gonna like be chipper when I pointed a camera at her and by chipper I mean willing in any capacity I mean anything but her putting her hand over the lens saying turn that [ __ ] thing off so I. You know I used to like avoid fights with her avoid arguments with her I very, very deliberately, used to quell any disagreements. We'd have because I needed her for content yeah and what a crazy thing that is yeah. It's like I'm disturbing the the way that the world should work because I need content, yeah and I. Don't think that I'm like a particularly like maniacal person, but it does make me stop and think when I see much more invasive family, vloggers I don't mean this as a judgement. I I mean a genuine curiosity, but people who relies so much on their children who aren't babies but are four or five six seven, eight years old, they rely on them for content. I was trying to rely on my wife who's. My age and I could ration it for time, and I could feel the burden I was putting on her I have the same thoughts and yeah I. Don't necessarily want to like call out anyone or make them look bad, but it feels wrong to me to rely on a child, even even if it seems like the child wants to be involved and it's fun it. They just don't know yet the full picture like an adult, no there's, no, the ebee family yeah, exactly that's right, we're familiar with them. Yeah and they're. Really, nice I, really [ __, ] love, you yeah, I love, those I think they're doing everything right is where I'm going with them, and this is a huge priority of theirs and we've had this discussion before and they go to a really extreme place which is like what are the labor laws about putting your kids in videos like what? How do you quantify the value that they're bringing to the content or endure? Is that value going back to your arm? Well, that's the point yeah. Is that there's not looking at and then these revenues being generated, because these children are creating content? Where does that money go you use it? Parents that are keeping that or as a kid I think these are all really smart questions that can be asked without pointing fingers, but just to bring it back to what you're asking Ethan is. It's just like. Only I was aware of it at the time, but only in retrospect, I look back and it's like wow. The destructiveness of that on my own marriage and relationship was profound and I talked to my wife about now, and she says with no equivocation. She was like. You have no not to me, because I did no, but she says publicly she's, like you have no idea how close to divorce. We were mm-hmm because it was like when I wasn't superficially being nice to get her to behave to be in my videos. I was working as just working right and that that that, in itself, that's much more objective and how did it affect the relationship with your son -, because your son, you, your age different, is very small. What's the age difference between you and say like 16 years, 16 years or almost the same ages, which is so amazing every time I see you guys together, I mean yeah. You guys must have a really unique relationship for that /, but I seen videos of you kind of like celebrating his birthday or something I blogging. The experience did he also feel the brunt of that. Well, it was, it's always been easier with Owen, because he's old and even like you're way back and you look at like my HBO show and you go back and look at my really old content that he's in he's always old enough to sort of consent and sign off. So, like you know, when I think of some of the more he went to college and I was about I think a year into the vlog a little more than that, and when you know he sort of look into that content like he and I driving cross-country to drop him off at school. There's always kind of a discussion like you, don't wanna make videos you mind. If I make videos about the stuff you want to be in them, do you not want me to do and he could always give me a very thoughtful response which I think without exception was always like yeah, let's make videos, did he ever say? No omens never said no in fact recently, and this both made me sad and then really proud. Recently he's like. Can we take a trip together because we haven't made a video together in a really long time, and it made me sad because you haven't made a video together in a long time, but it also made me like it was the first time they really sort of showed me unprovoked. That he's not just doing this. He thinks he's supposed to or he's not just me thinks I want him to do it, but it's something that he does like yeah and like it's very different from like Francine, my daughter now being like I want to be on YouTube, which she says she says. That's the reason why is like she watches Jojo, see wha, god bless her I loved and she's like I can do that and she could and she wants to do it, which is ironic, because we don't have I'm. For me, it's like a hard. No until she's like 18 yeah, it's just cuz I know that she has no idea that I was 34 whatever 35 and I started, really putting myself out there in YouTube I had no idea man. So how can a child have any understanding of what I mean even Jojo, who I adore and I never taken opportunity? I, never miss an opportunity to say how much I appreciate her and genuinely do she's an amazing person like the burden, that's on her and their the criticism that she gets for who she is I for being 15 years old, be able to handle that in any capacity is but to subject a kid to. That seems really about the kind of look, the effect that that being a youtuber has on you psychologically, which is something that everyone at this table has been through. I think I think me and you particular have have gone through a lot psychologically from I know. I have I think I can hear. Obviously you have to correct me where I'm wrong, but there is such a there's. Such a I want to say, like stress dan dan, a damage is kind of subjective, but there's a lot of like pressure on your self-identity and you really put everything you think of yourself and an enormous pressure cooker and it's breaks a lot of people. It's broken me several times and like for I, haven't posted on ACH reproductions and while we're doing this podcast now you haven't posted on your channel in a long time. You know, I wonder what your thoughts are about, that what what it's like it doesn't seem to exist so intensely in other mediums of entertainment and video production. But this whole thing about creator. Burnout is related, I, think to it, and you do see a lot of turnover of youtubers too. You see a lot of youtubers coming up and going out it's just. It's people can't possibly understand the enormous. You know the enormity of pressure that you undergo when you put yourself out there, like that yeah and I think that one I think it's so new everything you just said is right, but I also think that it is exasperated by the fact that it's so new. This is never like. We've had movie stars and actresses for almost a hundred years. You know if you look back in 1919 like when right, when talkies were starting to come up movie, stars or movie stars that and they were famous- and there was some understanding of that. But this is sewn. You wear your own fame, your own notoriety, your own success, financial and otherwise, it's all within your sole control for the most part compared to traditional mediums, traditional entertainment mediums. So like yeah you're, not just burdened with like your physical presence, because you don't have a publicist, you don't have a PR person, you're physically putting yourself out there, you're literally putting yourself out there every day, but you're also consumed with the burden of the actual production I'm not showing up on a set when you get a call sheet. This is your operation, we're sitting in your studio right now and you guys pay rent in the studio. You pay everybody's salary that works out of you out of your space and so I think, like the burdens are holistic and that's never existed before in this medium you're an actor and you act you're a director and you direct. You want a studio and you want a studio, but this is some sort of an amalgam of every aspect of the world of entertainment tied into one and then that amalgam that amalgamation is is is distributed via global network that can be reached by more people than any television network has ever access to. So when you look at it and those sort of extreme but literal terms, of course, [ __ ] 20 year olds and 18 year olds that put themselves out there are gonna, are gonna. Crack are gonna buckle under this sort of pressure right and I. Think that I'm an interesting case study in that, because I did work in the traditional facets of media for a dozen years plus before I jumped into this world. So I have some understanding of what the more traditional elements are like and then I have a really good understanding of what this world is like and yeah and the burden is, is wild. It's wild, innit I think it's underappreciated in a way that I remember when Justin Bieber came out a couple years ago and say he's not doing meet-and-greets anymore, I, don't know Justin, but I was so proud of him. He was so eloquent in the way he communicated that he's matured, a lot yeah twinkle, but the way he said he did something like it's not meaningful for the fan to meet me for one. Second, it's not meaningful for me, but it stresses me out and it's very burdensome and I'm gonna lose a lot of money by not doing it but I'm not gonna. He was like he was scrutinized for that. He was chastised for that his fans called him. It's like we do everything we gave you your career in the is all we want. You won't give it to us. I thought he was so right. I thought he was so perfect in that in the way he dealt with that the man agrees are so tough. We just came from one in New York and the line was so long and we we want to make it a meaningful moment. You know, so we actually take a few minutes to talk to each one and really, you know, give them like an interaction but return them, and then we feel bad cuz. We and then yeah, and then we felt bad cause by the time we left the line was still the same size except it's a tough flight I, don't know how I do it right, but I think I think doing. That constantly would just feel really bad I think that I don't think there is a way to do it right, I, don't I won't, do it. I've done him before and now like I, do a lot of public speaking and things like that, it's always in the contract like Casey, is to do a VIP meet-and-greet with up to 300 people and like for me. It's a hard. No I'll lose a very valuable job over that, because I've also gotten like crazy as I'm sure you guys have liked. You get paranoid, I really care about this stuff. Like did we head at our main great, we had like armed guards. Five armed regards. We do this I, don't [ __, ], I'm, definitely yeah yeah, it's like you're paranoid about safety, but then, like their psychological, other aspects for like emotional paranoia or where these people want for me. What is this? One picture need like I need a moment right now to catch my breath and did you have breakfast of gum come on like che? You start to go crazy and start to your people breathing on you and you can smell them like that degree of intimacy with strangers. Who know you yeah, like you, don't know anything. It's like. Oh you're doing 300 people in 90 minutes all this shit's going through your head, I cracked, they're, like this I won't do it at meet-and-greets are enticed buoyed doing the very there for the record, everyone who was there is very wholesome. It's not yes to see up close people. Tell you that your work yeah, that that is very impact for me, but I- think we've only done three in our career, because it's in total its I can stand on a stage in front of 3,000 people be cool as a cucumber super comfortable, giving a talk put on a movie that a million people might see super comfortable with that the minute I step off that stage and people come over to shake my head. I start to panic, panic, and it's true, like in every aspect of my life I, don't remember always being like that. I! Never remember having this sort of anxiety, I don't go out at all. I got two dinners: let's catch up, let's go to this party getting by I. Don't do any of that stuff and I. Don't think I ever had that before I didn't it's a big like I needed yeah, because before nobody, nobody cares about. You know nobody cares about you and that's a very comforting thing. What he wants Dom and say: hi and you're not worried about who's, noticing you yeah yeah, very, very conscious of everything when you're out in public. You know, but you brought this up Ethan. You said you brought this up and I responded by saying this is such a new phenomenon? Yes, so I was Jerome Jarre former biggest Viner on the planet. Amazing drones are, he is one of the like most incredible people I've ever met, he dropped his entire, very valuable social media career to become a philanthropist and he's been in Bangladesh for last year. Helping the Rohan goes were being persecuted, like he's an unbelievable individual and we're my house and he's like telling me about what it was like living in Bangladesh, what it was like, essentially living as a refugee and helping these refugees and I'm staring at him and I'm sort of drifting off thinking back to like my friend Jerome five years ago. He used to make the goofiest vines and, and then I was thinking about like Nash Grier, Nash Grier, a great guy like he and I have been texting, he's having a baby right now, if he didn't already have it like he's, grown up and all stuff and I'm thinking back like Nash. Was this teenager on vine? He's too silly things and girls loved him. She was so cute and I thought about the fact that, like we're just starting to see the first generation of youtubers that dominated and they're starting to fade away and what happens to but vine, we absolutely have a generation of these social media, superstars Viners, who are no longer and like what's happening to them now and understanding the psychology of that, and we all have movie stars from like the 90s that were huge. That kind of went away and we can look at their lives now. But we've never had that in the world of social media, and that to me is fantastically interesting question that I think about tools like these movie stars that are no longer fit. They probably made enough money. Do you wherever social media people not necessarily not necessarily you make a couple million bucks and then, and then you and your careers over, for whatever reason? That's not enough, especially especially if you make that money when you're young and it feels like an amount of it, and also it's not not that many social media stars have made a couple million right and that's a lot. That's even a lot of times very I mean it's more like you're. Getting ten thousand dollar brand deals once or twice a month, which is an ungodly amount of money. Here, that's more than my parents have ever made and it's more than their parents and you're like [ __ ]. This is incredible. I can live, I'm, rich yeah and then one day it sort of dries up. What do you do? What do you do so I think you know what you do. You become Mario Lopez, yeah I've, seen that guy incredible career, incredible opaz is on like every day like we were in the hotel and he's doing like the hotel promo. But you know Mario Lopez from Saved by the Bell yeah residuals I have some ones I, don't know. Maybe, but the point is like that's amazing he's really found a career. I was at Universal Studios with my kids, the other day like he was there like with Entertainment Tonight or an exact show he's on. But for us it's not the same. No one wants it. No one wants our face on it. I'm not doing this I cannot. This is a host I've I've known for the past couple years now this is it baby. There's no next, like I need to I need to be good for life, because after this I'm not gonna be a bagger at Rao's. I can't be a bagger at Rao's, bro and I'm. Not gonna. Do anything else. What am I qualified to do? Whole, Foods, I'm gonna be of Whole Foods now. Well, that's very premium. I will say, but you know how much [ __ ] I'll get I, can't just go bag. [, __ ] now like even if I want to you know how much [ __ ] I'm gonna get from people shoppers. There was a really interesting article. A couple years ago. It was about, like medium I, think they called a middle class social media stars, something like that, but is about a youtuber and she at the time. This is years ago, she was like I'm not making enough money off of my YouTube channel to not work a day. Job, but I can no longer work in Starbucks because so many people were coming in and being like. Woah aren't you that YouTube and it was an interesting yes, daddy I've been there I've been there I'm, not there. Now, thankfully, but for a long time in our career, we were both to fame to famous and but not rich enough. Mmm. There was a crossover, then, where and now you're just famous enough and rich enough, yes, I'm, [, __ ] I mean word yeah, I love it on the Gatsby. I know 3,500 bucks. We dropped on that. Okay, that's insane, $3,500! That's what I'm saying dude no I'm rich! Thank you. For knows your name, two one I had I was talking with a friend recently. He was like struggling a very successful guy, but he doesn't know what it doesn't know. What's. Nettie doesn't know what's next or where he's going, and we talked about this idea of like when you find your perfect fit in your career like what that is and what that means, and he was thinking it's like I haven't, found it yet and that's frustrating for me and I genuinely am concerns not the right word, but I think often that like what, if that vlog, which felt so right to me when I was making it every day for those eight hundred days, it's like felt so right was like the ultimate expression for me like what, if that was my high-water mark I mean I, don't they'll be bagging at Ralph's anytime soon, but like yeah, oh I, think about that - yeah as I sit here. Well, it was until it wasn't yeah exactly cuz you started. Obviously, your whole family was trying to see the consequences and there was more coming. You know, but there's a time and place like I have that feeling -, but so I was doing h3, videos and I know that's what people enjoy them. People love that and they get lots of views and it's nice, but there's just a certain point: where I just couldn't do it anymore, the format was stale I was felt uninspired. It didn't feel good. It was performing well, it was always doing well, but like it, just it just wasn't working and that's why we we've gone all-in on the vlog is because I yeah, sorry, the podcast excited for a minute. This is kind of just a fog with one camera right lot of talk, stationary yeah any more time lapses, but I feel I felt like that time in place, at least for the time being was was that was it. It had its time in place and that was it and I had and I had to go. Try something new now, which is what this is. You peaked at vapenation, yeah, yeah dude. Even today the mean green. Everyone wants to throw up the vapenation, yeah I, don't feel bad, no, you and you should be proud of it. You created that and I by the same way about the the vlog. The only thing that's like a little bit and difficult to really understand and comprehend. Is that, like that's what your audience sees and that's what they expect like I'm working on something now that couldn't be it's pretty far from the YouTube, but if I'm we're gonna feed for length, documentary and I think to be great I think it has real opportunity. We're super excited about it. I don't know I'm just working on it right now. I'm just want to make it great, okay, um interests. What like is this: it gonna be as good as my vlog I, don't know, but I know the audience that love the vlog might not love this. You got it. You got it seasons of your life, yeah I, appreciate that and you're right, and that's what I'm doing, but it is still a little bit scary. Like I'm, you know, go back, you can't go back and do it I mean you as a person keep evolving and you can't be the same person that was making that's right right. You gotta be like things change in your life, for you to change. You grow up. You know. Yours go and you become a different person. The audience is uh the thing is you can't you can't you have to try your best, not to let the audience dictate your content, because the reason that they, like your content, the reason they watch you to begin with, is because it's a genuine expression of yourself. That's the best content, that's, and so, if you you lose some, you gain some new ones, but ultimately, as an artist, you have to be as true to yourself as possible. You have to ignore everything. Yeah and I've, gotten pretty good I have to say I feel zero pressure from my audience. I feel it elsewhere very hurtful for my audience to be creating content. Where do you feel it right now, yeah I mean like financially and I wanted to ask you: do you have an income right now, I mean I, don't think I do I mean I. Obviously have passive income comes from not just content, but also you know, I've done and I've got my. My I've got my hands in a million projects at all times. I do want to investing and a lot of things that I think are sort of my long-term opportunities. Don't have like an active income. I, don't have an active income right now, how's that feel fine. It's fine, I think but how's, your baseline you're still good you're still like spending golde golde. No, no! No! Like you're the money you bring in every month. I'm fine, you're, gold, it's okay, yeah I'm in the black, is that the good one yeah one, the black I'm in the black? What's the buck, you would think that it would be green but they've being in the rock being in the red means when you're okay red is like you're not making as much as you know, rich and black is like okay, yeah I'm, okay, I mean I I, but it's not about where you live. Okay should not be black. I. Think green green means go grandmas more money. No green is good you're making money, that's what yes, but they should be blue, not blah. No, not! Okay! Black is it's a black and red, so I'm in the beer, so I've been in the blue. Now, no, not the blue, no I mean it's stressful because, like you know, I do worry that you know I'm. My most valuable asset is my youtube channel, but I appreciate that and I think in order to like be able to sort of it's not just Adsense, it's a brand opportunities that I have which I love those I would never gotten to fly behind a drone in the Santa suit. If I wasn't able to work with brands, I would have never been able to, like turn a shopping mall into a playground for underprivileged kids. If I didn't work with brands like I love, working with brands, that's also the bread and butter like that's where a significant amount of I think most successful youtubers incomes come from yeah and if you're not making content, you lose those opportunities. So right, yeah, the insanity of it makes it hard to say no. So in yeah for us on h3, we still had had a lot of sponsors lined out of each other. Far from it. We just we had this to tell them all like no I mean so I'm in a similar position, but I'm trying to like, with literally line up brand deals that are like if I can commit to one brand deal a month, dude. That's what I tried well we're we're. I was like I lined up brand just for the whole year. Yeah and I was like I, can't -, okay. Well, then I, you know, teach they're, hearing hearing you under hear you and understand the frustrations you both have had with your main channel I. Don't have those I don't feel like my contents, like I, don't have those sort of struggles, I feel really good about the content that I'm making and had been making and I want to make more of it. The problem, the obstruction for me is like his distraction. I mean laziness could be a way of looking at it, but I'm. Not it's not kind of distractions, like you know like I, would rather go for a hike or go surfing or explore this new place. Your actual life, yeah I, haven't lived because right. The grind for so long and when you say enjoying your actual life, it sounds it's indulgent and I. Think it's like it's not indulgent. For me, too. Let's focus 30 hours a week on making a video to keep my lights on and make sure my family has health insurance yeah, but you did that for so long yeah, nor the other everything yeah yeah, it's such an extreme, so no I've swung the other way and given I've only been here for two months and in those two months, I had that working made a couple of videos but like I, definitely wanted to take this time to settle and focus on my kids and focus on honestly, like focus on things like this, like being in your podcast, a priority of mine, my wine getting there for a while yeah I haven't said yes to something like this or being on Phil's, podcast or working with other people. You know if I did a really fun collab with Jake Roper for his new original series, which was probably fun like before. It's just a blanket, no yeah and like this is so rich like getting to spend time with people that I both admire and care about. Like it, it's been a song about Jake, yeah, I I benefit you benefit from, though that makes you a better creator. It makes you a better person yeah. So that's where my focus is and like the pressure right now is like I need to put some structure to my hours, be a little bit more disciplined and focus so I can find resume a sort of cadence with my quote, unquote, job, which is also happens to be what I, love and also like I, get satisfaction out of it like surfing and running around and goofing off all day. Every day is like is really sexy and cool, but I start to feel bad. It's like I'm, not doing it. It's not that most of the time is with my kids but I ducked it. That's right, I, don't think I'm doing anything. Yeah like there is something that's very self fulfilling about. Yes, even the best absurd is making YouTube videos. That's true, like I'm doing. If we have like a really rough week- and by rough I mean like really busy a lot going on, it can be like so hectic, but then it feels so good at the end of in the week, because it's like well, we did so much this week. Yeah it's Friday, baby yeah, that's gonna, be one of those weeks. That was like the addiction with doing that uploading. Every day for 800 days, there was no joke, like this I've never been a drug driving on dopamine you upload. Second, you click upload, like yeah of those 800 days. It was like 600, where I was like 8 a.m. 7 days. A week was when I would send it live and like finishing it and checking it back and watching it back and seeing it like go from like 240 to 110 87 59 is getting published. It was like there, it is there's my fix. It is when we were back in one of our when we first moved here in LA. We were doing like two or three videos a week, we're like crushed you're, just like you're, hitting that your main one, but whenever you're made of tiny, it feels so right that we start to see our personal life go down a dream and that personal life becomes much more consequential when I do think that we've struck in a good balance, now I'm happy to say what the podcast in that nd Teddy fresh. We are extremely busy, but it's manageable and fulfilling and I'm able to spend time with my son and to have to have some time in the evening to walk to watch The Bachelor, for example, and Bachelorette or bachelor in paradise. Whatever you guys are in paradise, suck is struck in a word he's struck in yeah. Can you use in a sentence you just did and that's why I'm bringing it up? Oh yeah! Yes, it is conversations I, think you know your audience might lose it. If your vocabulary is really nice, I know no he's trying to flex it I'm trying to five got a stricken. It's struck in straigh I. Think you yes struck is stricken in the past tense struck, but not struck in. Do you not really think this is productive? Don't see enough right now. I will dwell on this in my inner dialogue for like that a week and a half until I get the bottom of it. There's a sample yeah for for the for the folks at home, who are hungry to know if strucken is a word, but no finding that work-life balance, I do think is like really that's good and I also do think that, like making the videos and Asia sri productions like we made one recently, which was the Instagram reality, one which I thought was was fulfilling and it was fun and it was great and everybody just I was very happy with the whole experience sort of world like Trisha Paytas, she she's a lot of fun. She is a lot of fun. It was great, but I do want to go there again, I think, but I'm really enjoying the kind of uh. You know I'm on a little different, vibe right now. I'll say back to you what you just said to me a little while ago, which is that if you can ignore the demands and requests of in expectations of your audience and just do what's true to you, you will find success and I'm saying you I, don't mean you Ethan nila I just mean in general, and that's the place like I do feel really happy right now, focusing on my family, when I sneak away to my studio for two hours and I'm editing. That means, do you feel even happier. So that's the path I want to continue in, like yeah before I came into your office of sitting in your parking lot, which I did have to pay for parking. Did he give you [ __ ] I didn't bring my ticket in. Can you just stand out of hand? Um I miss out very lightly by the way serious when I said that um? Well, we have validation, I'm gonna, give it to you, but I'll say that I mean get. The question was serious. Wouldn't you stick your if I had to pay the three dollars to park, I'd still come here and be happy weird podcast. When you step out, would you you're validating we validate our guests when you stick your head in the sand and just ignore all the noise and do what like really you find fulfilling? It's obvious like it's, you can feel it as a viewer mm-hmm and that that feels really really good. You know and I I think that it's very hard to remember that very trust in the trust. Trust is a better word to be able to trust you. It takes a while to really get there. I think we've gotten there more recently, but it's really I mean I've been doing this now for like what five six years, everything yeah, yeah, I, guess yeah, but I mean you know it takes time to learn these things. You have to really put yourself in the through it all yeah I went on this truckin is an old English word by the. What is the definition, though, what you expect meets the past tense rocket tenses. There go ahead and define it. Dan dam, Astrakhan, okay, here you slowing down the Showcase I know it is important to get this right and then we couldn't get Li move on from I heard that go ahead. Oh guys you couldn't hear me. No strucken is the past tense of stricken. Yes, you know what is tricky. I was struck its obsolete. Oh that good. Well, let it slide, but if it's in we're letting it slide Danny's rolled, but that means not only. Is it a word indeed, but you used it properly, Zach? Why? Don't you play mega do do? Why do you fight I? Should you do? He goes mega duty, Dean, yeah, Megan you're, the sound get the sound, not the type of guy I. Don't know I'm giving you talk at like a youtuber get-together thing in next week or I. Don't know what it is, but it's here in LA, it's a big event and I really think that, like the main focus of my conversation is going to be about finding long legs as a youtuber or social media star like what is the long term like you guys are you know you guys are both young like conceivably, you work another 20 or 30 years before you stop working and all of this success that you found in your careers has been in the last five or six years. So is this transferable to a long-term career? I know one knows the answer to that? No, no! Not! But it's something that like because I'm 38 and because I have three kids I think I. Consider that much more with much more much more reverentially than like you know, Jake or Logan they're, both early 20s, david dobrik, is a twenty-one yeah I. Think it's when you're 21, it's very hard to be like we am I gonna, be doing when I'm, 40 or 45 or 60. That just seems like a different life. It seems impossible, but when you're I'm 38 when you're 38 you're like [ __ ], what am I wait am I can be doing when I'm 45. What am I new van I'm 50 and that's had an impact on the way that I conduct myself yeah? That's why it's like really forced me to take breaks with the more fun aspects of my career and focus on the longer-term, more serious or opportunistic aspects of my career, which might be good for me and my family long term that shit's not fun or sexy. Well I! Well, you know that's why we made Teddy fresh. You know we were thinking uh we gotta. We have to create something that can exist on its own, that we like doing that. We can see us doing long-term and diversification exactly and I mean that would that was the motivation and it's great I love I love it! It's awesome! We've it's great been the best thing. We ever did right, mm-hmm right wearing that hat. What wearing that hat? You look fine, seek comma, like bifurcating your focus from like what you do in social media. To something like jad is real. Would you be willing to discuss the most you ever made for a brand deal sure? What is it I like you're gonna, just ask me: yeah I, wouldn't everybody who love to know fascinating? It does feel like. Oh you all I'll give numbers I don't like to. He was I, don't like to because no but people at work, it's fascinating, and if we can bust a nut bust, this not open. Rather can you strike him tonight? The nut I can struck in the night. Let's tread doesn't make any sense. Does it but I, don't think people understand? Let me put it this way. Let me give a little preface to this conversation and you don't have to share anything you're, not comfortable. Just okay go I. Just you know, I know you're a guy that works with a lot of brands and I. Do I think you probably got some big paycheck I. Have it yeah I have no complaints yeah, but I'll put it this way. I was first starting out my youtube career befriended, a big crater and at the time I was probably making two or three thousand dollars a month from ad. Had revenue and I thought that's per dollar ik. You know, and he told me I go. How much do you make for for one of those ads? Cuz I, never work with the brand. In fact we did. We didn't go on to work with brands for a long time, but he goes I make thirty thousand dollars for one brand deal and I was like why you know I'm like dude. That's how much I'm making it here and that completely blew my mind. I, don't think people understand necessarily how much money people make and that that as someone who had even been doing YouTube for a year, - I was like that's insane now. I know you're, not impressed by that number. Are you know, thirty dollars an ungodly amount of money, but it goes much higher yeah yeah. It goes much higher and I think before we start talking numbers to put a little context to it, like what is the ROI? What's the return on an investment like that? How does that make sense? Why would a company write a check for $30,000 to a youtuber getting millions of views? I mean it speaks for itself sure but I think like I, look at my wife, Candice and I. Look at what her ad spending is, which you know she's a tiny startup Billy like their bootstrapping. They don't do a lot in revenue, but the amount of money that she spends on Instagram on Facebook and then just on online ads, and then there is a very literal quantification of her return on that investment there. Every hundred dollars you make you'll make this much back and then, when you start to apply those same sort of metrics to well-executed brand deal which were the only kinds that I try to do, I try to do it well, so it's really good for the brand that I'm working with and it's good for me. You start to see that makes a lot of sense when you understand that, like coca-cola spends, hundreds of thousands of dollars for a 30-second commercial that plays during a basketball game that literally nobody watches the commercial because they fast-forward you go take a leak. You talk to your friends like you, have a [ __ ] cell phone. In your hand like I, do when a commercial comes on. You are not attention to that. Arby's commercial they're, paying hundreds of thousands of dollars for this 30 seconds. What's their return on that and then start to compare that to having Ethan and Neela talk about that same product for first 90 seconds personally, endorsed it, and why the endorse connect with your audience in an entertaining way that they're engaged in they're listening like I'm, not gonna, talk numbers, I'm working with them right now, but like coca-cola, no Nord VPN is a company that I work with the Nords work with a bunch of creators. Yes, I'll put them there. Wonderful but I express looking at sorry we're going to blur, though whatever without naming names any VPN company a VPN is a really difficult thing to communicate. You know either you know how it works or you don't, and if you don't it's a lot to explain and on top that like can you advertise something like that online? It just looks like it looks strange. You don't understand what it so what's a way to communicate the complexity of that product and then explain its value and then hopefully have customers go and buy that product. You need a [, __, ], TV commercial, no way you do that with a burner, a banner ad like we're, and how are you gonna do that right? So you work with a creator like that company. That I mentioned in particular has worked with like Phil and they've worked with a bunch of tech, reviewers and all sudden you have a fairly eloquent individual who knows how to communicate ideas to an audience that they understand. They speak where they have a dialogue with, and it's becomes a really fair value prospect. So how much? Because that bad individual is getting paid and that companies get any exposure, they wouldn't otherwise have access to right. How much I'm not willing to talk about that brand, but other brands that I've worked with it's difficult. We're talking about a single transaction Vegas whenever I see I, don't have that I would say that the biggest deal ever for like to bring up a brand or make a dedicated video for a brand is in the six figures like hundreds of thousands of dollars, as in like more than a hundred thousand dollars, but also said like in my career I've had the opportunity to do things like that. A couple of times I am right. They go that right. Yeah like when I talk about like um Samsung like when we did that project where we turned a abandoned shopping mall into a playground for underprivileged kids. Okay, my fee on that was not huge and I donated most of it. A significant portion of it to the Boys and Girls Club of Milwaukee doesn't really feel right, getting paid for that, but, like that cost, maybe like 7 feet like over a million dollars. Just to produce just to produce mom and obviously the brands intent there was like we want to be when our products in front of people and I shot the whole thing on their phone. But it was not a hard sell for any individual item and that's why I was so willing to like attach my brand to it. I behind-the-scenes videos, I did yeah the hero. Videos did like 5 or 10 million views and all this stuff, and it was all about Samsung Samsung Samsung, because they were like sticking their necks out to spend over a million dollars on a project that, like they're, not doing print ads they're, not getting like this, isn't a Super Bowl commercial. This is literally like Casey nice that turning a [ __ ] shopping mall into a dangerous playground for kids yeah. So there was a lot of money thrown at something like that, even though my fee may not have been so high. So that's why I don't have like it. I know it's Saturday when I got two hundred thousand dollars to talk about this pair of shoes like yeah. That sort of clean transactions never happened on the ones where there's real money being pushed around. It's usually a farm work. I know it's not a satisfying, it is says no I'm just really satisfied. The one-off deals that are like will give you 50 grand to say this yes typically say no to because then it starts to feel like your channels like this trance. This place for transaction, like I, just had a deal, and it was very lucrative. It was over. It was six figures, but it's from a laptop company and what their request was. We want you to do a product review, a video just about our laptop, and we want you to endorse it. Oh and for that we'll give you this much money, but it was like enough plenty of pay for my kids, [ __ ] college right. It was very hard to say no to yeah, but it did cross the line of right. It was acceptable to share with my audience right and that that is really really tough, because those opportunities like yeah we get them every day. We've had a lot we've, not a lot, not a lot of opportunities that some you know it's it's often times that, like the most lucrative one, so the ones you really should sit till ya. For example, I don't want to I, don't want to disparage anyone, coffee company itself- oh just speak in generalities, yeah, let's say a company that that sells a brain enhancing drugs are not not drug supplement fighter. Ok, compliments yeah that it will touch and I'm like I'm, like I, don't believe in this product, but that's where gets hard, I think it's stupid, and just because they're offering me like six-figure deal, mm-hmm I'm gonna, look like an idiot if I promote this and I can't with a straight face. I can't no I think you guys rightly so, were super critical of like that loot box scandal. When that came up right, it was the one, the oh yeah, that Brice gone from similar products similar companies to that like supplements, they had a lot of offers about I, just don't know what it is or what it means so I have to say no, and the flip of that is like that VPN that I sorry, that's a product, I use right, yeah I, don't like I pre paid three years in advance before I get a brand, so I can't use my code to get a better deal on a pro I use. It I know that's a good thought. Yeah I mean when I work with companies that I actually and like I like ring, for example, as a sponsor like I love, ring yeah and see I pursued them, and then, when you get a partner like that, it's like you know, I believe in it. I think it's a great product, they're super legit, then I'm willing to I've gotten some cool offers and lucrative offers from car companies really yeah. That I can't I can't in good conscience. Cuz you don't like the car McConaughey, because he didn't all these Lincoln commercials and the mic that dude does not drive a link. If he does he's in the right like he does. I Drive a Tesla and I. Remember like a car company was producing an electric car and I was like that's cool. It's not as good as my Ted I really hated my Tesla and Tesla. Does it pay for a talk about like I, couldn't in good conscience, be like wow? This new electric car from this other company is amazing because I, don't believe, really aren't we started looking around like what are the other options to Tesla and it's not a lead. Is unreal yeah the cars yeah, it's so better, but it's good that. But anyway, that's so yeah. There's there's real money, but you don't. If you don't do it with a conscience, it's can really be well. You got a few because, okay, even if you're looking at it purely from I, want to make as much money as possible standpoint. It's still short-sighted because, ultimately it it devalues your brand to kind of I will sit like one of my regrets when I was vlogging, is that I didn't figure out the Mercs thing sooner yeah? That was a big I, never came out of nowhere that the problem brother to be a problem totally to give them the credit, I think one when those two guys started selling like merch, everyone was like holy crap yeah I can tell you for a fact, like you know those guys in a lot of the guys who push merch hard, they make certainly more revenue off of their merchandise sales and they do off their ads, and course, and I had opportunities early on to do that. When I look back like the loyalty my audience had for my content, when I was really doing a couple million views a day, I know the amount of money that I could have made and the reason why I didn't do it then and I think I was wrong by the way is at the time it felt to predatory interest, I didn't at the time and I don't believe this now. At the time it felt like to just sell stuff that people would only be buying because it was from me felt inherently dishonest and at the time where my head was was like. If I'm gonna do it, it has to be not so dissimilar from the way you're doing Teddy fresh. So if I need to start my own line, I'm not just doing merch to do merch I'm, not just making shirts to make shirts it has to be something bigger and that it's that thing where it's like perfection got in the way good enough. The reality was like I'm I've done some merch. Since yeah there was a there was. There was an attitude like we used to think about to make over long time. It didn't help the way that Jake and Logan did it then, which was predatorial super aggressive and it was like okay, that's the culmination of everything that I don't want to be doing our merchants base, so I'm not going to do it and I think that cost me a lot. A lot of revenue and I also think the thing that I underestimated is like when I was like 14 years old, the amount of length, the amount of distance, the amount of effort that I would go through just to get the right, skateboard t-shirt, mmm, cuz I, wanted to show the world that, like I'm a super big man of this skateboard company, hmm, like I, do feel like I, almost let my audience oh I should have given them $120 teeth, it's awesome yeah and they get to be a part of the way that I didn't respect that yeah. And that's why I say it's something that I do regret, because it was a financial loss for me, but also like I, think it would have been a cool way to people. Yeah I mean dude when we do these me in Greece. People show up with like this classic merch, and it's just like. Oh that's like a super old shirt yeah of ours that we probably even forget that we ever ever made. You know I stopped I'm happy to say that I've stopped, but my merch strategy was I made a video like eight years ago. That was like a few more free stickers. Just send me a self-addressed stamped envelope and I'll fill them with stickers, and you sent out like tens of thousands of dollars worth of stickers, which cost pennies to make and like had to have I have dedicated boys who only sent out free, but my merch strategy was so bad. It cost me, and that was only I wish. I had had my [ __ ] together. I could have done that in a more effective way. Well, shop, Casey, my stuff back home, I, think I love so much out there Casey no go buy something hurry up. We got stick sending myself a dress. You need to get out of here and notice your phone blowing. No! No! So my phone I shouldn't be saying this in your [ __ ] podcast, my phone numbers on reddit and everywhere else. Oh yeah and I keep it on my phone permanently. One I carry a second phone. Nobody has this number okay, yeah yeah, but I also keep my phone firmly and do not disturb mode so just to see what shows up well know do not disturb me. No calls come find out, but why do you keep? Why do you not change the number? Oh because I have a two one: two cell phone number I, don't know if you know what that means, but two and two is the oldest of old-school. New York names been hat, not New, York you're, not it's impossibly. If you can't get it on a landline anymore, in New York, it took me like three years to get a 2-1 two cell phone number and you're not supposed to like a good parking spot. It's a really good parking spot and also I know that there'll be a point in my life, where I I no longer have any social media notoriety. What so in the idea plan that no one will care? No one will care I feel you're in the long term, it's I'm no longer I wanna! Oh, you can tell it. You can buy them online, oh well, how much they cost not enough to, but enough not willing to give mine now, but in any event, no but someone my phone's, not on Do Not, Disturb right now, cuz I'm waiting for a call from someone later today. There's a number I don't have saved. So that's why it's blowing up but try to respectfully take it off of your under my cuz, we've been going for an hour and a half we've been talking for an hour and a half. This always happened. Yes, and what do you mean? Does it always happen? You guys always like suck people into your time. Vortex I thought we've been talking for 15, okay, not always when way up good episodes, don't I'm ready, I, just thought this is the warmup. You've only asked me to what Dan said to one two numbers range from wait: 175 to 30 grand yes, you're on that site, that I know the marketplace. The ones that are 30 grand are like two one, two, six, six, six six, exactly like so psycho they're, the only people in the world willing to pay $30,000. Let me see what else I got you're getting gonna get a brand deal, so I can get another two one. Two, no, oh, you sold beat. If you sold beam for 25 million famously you yeah I can either confirm or deny that. Oh, you can't even, but that was the headline that was that that's even that was that line yeah that was well. It was reported. Okay, yeah reported, isn't important. Now now it for after a couple years, hmm it seemed to I guess fizzle out, or maybe it didn't didn't meet the expectation that they had, or there was some kind or maybe didn't meet that expectation that you had nothing happened. Yeah I mean so it was a very exciting, very exciting opportunity to like grow, something that we built from zero to something much much bigger, especially under the umbrella of a gigantic parent company with really vast reach, but ultimately, like my business partner and I have started the company. Ultimately, we never really found the footing that we had hoped to find within such a bigger parent company, and the parent company's decision was to bring everything that we had been doing with them. In-House mmm, which they're still doing and they're still making great content, they're still doing interesting things and they are. Where is it it? They all work out of out of CNN? Oh they just they work for CNN, oh yeah I mean will this we're in the content, the minute on the beam, YouTube channel and other beam outlets, and there's a lot of cross-pollination with some of the content they're creating and sort of the more mainstream outlets of CNN I. Remember during the government shutdown last year there was a really really impactful piece that was produced entirely by beam about how it's affected TSA workers and, like that piece was picked up by Anderson Cooper, so Anderson Cooper's reporting is is reporting on reporting on Sarang. Where is, is using see a beam report to bolster order to maybe illustrate some of the things that you're talking about which to me just felt like a real, that's sort of the ultimate success, so they're still making incredible work. I couldn't be more proud of what they're doing but I think at the end of the day, like my business partner and I, it was not a great match and that's sort of how that netted out give it a shot, didn't really work, I think all around all around I. Don't think that it was us just you know, shadows give me a shot, but I think it was a something we all tried to pursue and really really good. We had really good interest and we had really good plans, but ultimately they went in a different, was gonna do brought in a different direction, and so you sold them and an app but well I. Think that's where a lot of the the misunderstanding comes from, so it was like no, we weren't just selling them an app. We were selling like some of the most valuable things that we had pulled together at that company. Is we had an amazing developer team, that's very hard to do I'm very, very hard to do, especially in New York City, especially when it comes to mobile video software development, like that's a very hot spot, and that's something that every big company is trying to scoop up, even the Facebook's of the world and all the user Google's like they would love, and they have such a tremendous appetite for the kinds of talent that we had aggregated and brought together. On top of that, like we had built a pretty amazing suite of intellectual property as well, you know one of the products that beam launched quietly that was really successful, was on the election day in 2016 a product called exit poll, which was this really cool app one day only app were like you could post the video of who you voted for and why and then we artificially stacked it so you'd always see independent Republican, Democrat, independent Republican Democrat. So wasn't about how many people it was about perspectives, but I. Remember, like an hour into Election Day, opening up that app in seeing the passion in the voice of Trump voters and the sort of hesitation in the voice of Hillary voters and I knew like right then, and there, because of an app that this incredible team built that Hillary's, you know, lose the election so in any event like that was an example of one of the products that we built, so that acquisition was not for a simple software product that acquisition was for sort of the whole package. I see we had a physical space, we had wild talent, we had intellectual property, we had a plan, we had an agenda, we had ambition, and you know when we were purchased. The parent company saw an opportunity within that. So the far more holistic thing was a more dynamic thing than just simply buying an app. So when it fell through two years later was, was there some kind of vesting thing there or I mean? Was that just like a sweet payday and you guys I mean so it was it was, you know, was spread. It was sort of different for every single employee and every I mean I will say that, like they were amazing in in how it was structured and how it played out and I think that most everybody was part of the team was very empathetic and understanding about why this change was taking place, because again it wasn't a shuttering. It was like when this transition took place to bring it internal. You know, I, think almost everybody was offered a very, very similar opportunity, what they had working externally internally and they could choose whether they want to go work them or not, go work for them. So you know it was. It was a difficult transition, but at the end of that transition, I think there was opportunities there for everybody. If that makes sense, that's a pretty soft answer to your question, but that's that's kind of how that how that was like the way to say is like they were. They were really great. You know was really amazing. They're believers. They were supportive, they're, supportive of everyone and like the team, there was incredible. The people that I was working for there was incredible and I like one of the most successful products we did with beam was about vaping yeah. That was with you. Thank you guys for doing that. I was really really interesting approach on something that had sort of only been poked fun at right. That's true, yeah I hope they make a follow up about how vaping is killing everybody. So much for people are just dropping dead. Why is it all? Some people are just dropping dead from vaping I know people have been vaping for a while, I, don't know, but I, it's my brother-in-law's a doctor, and he and I were discussing this and my theory that I presented to him was that, like are these people really getting sick? Are these like the equivalent of people who smoke five packs of cigarettes a day because I know a lot of people who smoke cigarettes casually who aren't affected is the same way as like those people who are chain smokers and then I read a thing from one of the guys was affected. Who was a jeweler? If that's a word, Ju hell ER? He said he was going through three Joule pods in our Wow I feel like that's enough to take out a horse. You know so, who knows. Dan you're I mean you're a vapor Dan. What's going on with Dan? How much do they? You probably follow less now? After all this it, it seems like the people that are dying, it's most likely related to them, buying black market stuff, but there's just not a lot of information. Yet I was actually just reading an article earlier today that a news organization I forget who did it, but they did an independent test of those black market. You know, especially the THC ones, the weed ones and like ten out of ten of them had cyanide in it. So so don't buy the black market. Why would I don't understand like I, don't understand like these drug, the black market, drug producers -? They just cut a little like fentanyl yeah. What under sanics is like why I have no idea, kill people I, don't know it just makes it cheaper, I think that's an expensive! That's like a good reason. There has to be a reason you can stretch that at all, but there's a difference between sanics and fentanyl I, don't even know the feds like the strongest opioid on earth. It's an artificial appear. It isn't it I, don't know: yeah I, don't know: [ __, ], yeah, okay, I mean like oh, oh damn we got the you. We got the dis, you Piatt this FedEx guy hates my dog somebody beautiful little Freddie. He just panics and closes the door the same time. It's like it's just shredder, yeah, four pound dog. Don't be scared. Yeah I, don't know what to think about all the vaping like what is killing people about the vapor I, don't know but I again like when you see those vape Lords that were in your video and in my video and memes video probably passed now. No, but like those plumes of smoke like I'm, not a vapor but I've definitely tried jul before and like when you take a big puff on it and then exhale there's like a little bit of vapor that comes out so how much just quantitatively? How much are you taking in when you have one of those things that looks like it has that the battery pack really yeah dan, you wanna come in and rip it Dan you bought blow plume with you exhale, yes, okay, I'm, wolf, sack for us and don't die on the spot either like that is saying yeah, you know. What's killing people like why? How are people just dropping dead from vaping? Okay, first of all, let's just see a fat cloud here, show us a flat cuz that cloud or just just blow it like Oh God. Do you like there's no way? That's not hurting okay Dan, if that's a 10, but sometimes we walk into the office, and it looks like this cotton candy scented, it's a young unicorn, which is the unicorn unicorn milk I was like dude that sounds yeah like it was legit I, don't know, we'll never know. Do you have you have you pulled back on the vaping since this yeah? No for sure, as soon as all this new, because I mean we just don't know yet like I- want to wait for more, it's a good thing to get off. It's not good off of it. Well, I did I watched a documentary like a BBC documentary. It was like very detailed where they compared to smoking to vaping and they concluded that by a large margin, vaping was was much less harmful. Okay, then smoking cigarettes, but which is where I came. I was a pack-a-day smoker for years, so it it helped me get off of that pretty much instantly as soon as I started vaping. That was the day I started. Vaping was the last day I ever had, but you want to know why are people dying? How are people just vaping and they're dropping dead? Do you know? Well again, it seems to be related. There's investigates happening to them like physiologically. Oh well, I mean if there's cyanide in it I mean it's just glass yeah, their lungs are just like. No, it's just poison. You've got your. Do you even get cyanide like like that, doesn't make sense? You could just put like I mean what could be cheaper than water and sugar was essentially what it is. My friend Dan Mason, like a zillion of my videos, he's South African, and he was telling me about how the biggest person in South Africa is like recreational drugs that young people use like that makes me sound older I say that, but like ecstasy or LSD, or any of these, you never know where they're come from, and this is [ __ ], Africa yeah. You said like almost all that [ __ ] cut with a kind of poison, because the poison does further the in the effect of the drug, but it will also kill you wild man. You got to keep your clients on a high. That's like we're all number one. You gotta bring them right up. Yeah bring them right when you do that. Invariably someone gonna fall over it. I think vaping is the same way. Alfredo doesn't want any part of the cyanide yeah, the vaping man mm-hmm, but yeah happy to say, don't babe I'm part of that whole system. I never want to be a part of that system. Tell me: what's it like to be someone that wrote that, like enjoys running I am curious too? We both hate, running I, know you remember like one of the first times ever came over, your house is when you were like really deep into your diet and physical. You just started working the trainer. You were eating. You know, I, think what it is for me is it's like, especially as I get older. You know, I, don't have any time alone. None I mean literally no time alone. Now that I live in our lay out my time. My car, which is special I, have no time alone, and it's a little bit like. If you ever work in a restaurant, you know smokers get to have a smoke break yeah like it's like what the [ __ ] I just want to have an airbrake. You don't have to have an air break, but if you smoke you get your five minutes an hour and running for me is like my smoke break like I. Don't think anybody would understand why I need to disappear for an hour to a day every day, but when I say any deal for a run, it makes sense and it does make me feel good, like I'm I'm, not blind to how to what it means like there's. Almost no version of anything I do in life. That makes me out of breath, and that's like feels like a superpower like this is not how many flights of steps and running up carrying how many boxes or bags of groceries I don't get out of breath. You know that's pretty great and I value that that means a lot to me and, like my heart rate, is like that of an elephant. So you know what it is. Yeah my resting heart rate is the last time I checked. It was like 42 beats a minute. Well, 45 beats a minute like that was the ring. You want to compare mine's like 120, there's no way, you'd be dead right, but that's really love very low right and yet, like I value, that it's the thing I value more than anything, is like a good book on tape or a good podcast and like a two-hour run, but like I'm moving through space, some running there's all this stuff happening around me. My entire physical body's just shut off it's in cruise control like I, can complete an autopilot you're. It's meditative, 100%, meditative and I just lean into it. Always like that. Or did you have to work it? It's gotten more like when you started running yeah? Was it awful or did you love it no I liked it, but it was challenging. I started running after I like broke my leg into a zillion pieces when told sold, I never run again, so it was a little bit like um defiant, defiant, yeah yeah, so I appreciated that those aspects of it but physically it sucked but and then I used to race, like I, was on a pro team for triathlons for a year, maybe two years and I used to race competitively, and that was a very different kind of training like right now, I just like to zone out. But when I was racing competitively, it was really like every every time I go out was structured. I had a specific agenda, I think that was actually less enjoyable, but I really liked winning. So it became compulsive. And now it's just about that meditation. That's just about having a spoken time. I have to say the fact that you're, your meditative pastime is. Is that it's great? It is it's great great I, don't not like a big drug user, like I smoked pot er a little bit now that I'm out in California, it's just everywhere, but like it's, not a drinker I'd only drinking at all, I! Don't know it takes me like seven days to recover from a hangover I get off a half a glass of wine, yeah I can't do it, I, don't drink and then like drugs beyond that, like I'm, just not it's not super attractive, but running is like a real, but if I don't get that fix, I get angry like when I broke. My shoulder, my collarbone rather I, had to go like two weeks almost before I could run because the up-and-down just affect the heel and I just get angry ever feel like overly dependent on it. Yeah yeah, it's complete, like, like all the like, a little bit. Annoying that you have to run. I have and I have to I'll give up time with my kids to go for a run, I mean what's the minimum time you need to run for I mean really it's like 45 minutes for me before. It's some destination like this morning, I. Not enough, though the last two days in a row like yesterday, I was in Joshua Tree National Park was amazing, I was a friend of mine and he's a super fit athlete, but he's like a not a long day since God mm-hmm after 4 miles, he was like you know, he's like I'm gonna stop, but you should keep. But I went back with him so that felt like I didn't even it wasn't worth doing it, and the same thing happened where, as many a friend of it wasn't even worth it for four more miles, didn't even go there. Isn't it now nothing for miles enough for miles des? Nothing well took him. I feel like 10. Yeah 10 is if I'm average day is 10. Yeah I would have nothing going on like 10 is just sort of the norm. Um, your kids wonder what's wrong with you, we're like a little bit like yeah. My older son like own, was such a champ. Owen has like really severe scoliosis he's, probably not yet answered I'm gonna sauce yeah, nothing to sled him holding back he's like a really fit kid yeah, but he raced competitively all through high school, and you do all my races with me, including half marathons he'd, always show up he'd run every one. Kid did triathlons and there's like ten and I know that, like he does not have the body for it, like literally as a body, that's not for it because of his scoliosis that I loved, but the girls are maybe a little young. You loved, I love the fact that he was like he appreciated it on the level that I did so much that he would do it, even though he knew it couldn't be competitive cuz. He was physically held back yeah. That meant like a lot to me. He wasn't just doing it for me, I know you he liked it I thought you were saying you yeah it sound like you were saying you loved that he had scoliosis no I know I, didn't I hate that he I love that he was so committed yeah to like this thing that I'm also passionate about that he's stuck through it, even though he was struggling and that's gotta, be it's gotta, be so it's just so unusual and I think it's very. It is very cool to to be 16 years difference from your from your yeah yeah. It may be. What is that, like? That's just so business I mean a good example of it is like when I am out of town or I figure out of town. For any reason, I fly him to New, York I said I find that sounds like I'm I, literally text him and I'm like hey. He be here, Friday he's like yep, and he just like shows up at our house in New York in Los. Angeles just shows up the house, which means, like he figures out how to get the airport books. The ticket gets on the plane, gets off the plane, gets in the uber and makes it all the house all by himself he's an adult. This is a Kuiper's I said yeah he's like an adult, and then he just he like takes care of the kids while I'm gone Oh. What does he know? 21, okay, so like when I travel? He he like come steps in and looks after my kids and the girls adore him. Ethan was 21 when we met really. He hasn't been here for 13 years. Yeah we've I mean we met. It took a good work, a few years or still we're gonna be married for seven years in October yeah, but we've been together anyway, but it's like to anyone. That's what anyone seems like that: I'm, not in New York City. When I was when I was. You know, I two years younger than him. Do you ever do you feel like the parental role is ever blurred, because you guys are so nice, yeah I? Think it's always been blurred and I. Think that when I imagine that with my girls now it'd be chaos like my daughter, Francine is just such a troublemaker. If I was like more her friend than her parent in the disaster, but Owens always been really conservative and smart and reserved and like I, remember, we started traveling internationally with units like four or five and he was always in charge of his own passport. Wow. That's cute, that's very sweet and like that, it was like understand the implications losing this kid. Yeah, that's pretty cool and he like took such immense pride in that and I try to imagine that with Francine and she be like. Okay, no problem can I have candy and I've known like [, __ ] you and your passport in the garbage yeah, you know so with Owen. It was really like the credits all on him, but he and I have always been friends. First, Wow and I think I attributed all of his success to like either his mother or just the fact that he's gonna create human being, but not any sort of genius parental. No, like judge me, based on how these walls turned out. Not him I mean to be fair to you, I mean how good of a parent can you be at 16 I mean I, don't know how good a you were, but I can only imagine. I have no idea just concerned with getting a Dreamcast as I was making sure he knows how to walk that's. So why am you knocked up a girl, 16? That's badass brought him in LUMO who's. My virginity until I was 19 she's older than me too yeah dad. How old was she hid like 19 and you were 16. You impregnated a 19 year old, oh my god, [Laughter]! Don't do that kid work yeah where it happens. Kids practice safe sex yeah. You really feel was that the first time it was that, did you lose your virginity and get her pregnant all at once? No but I'm almost positive. She was pregnant from the first time that we slept together ham. That's the when you're 16 you're in there, so I am assuming it because like when you want to mess with that. It takes people. Well, I get pregnant when you're like 30 well yeah, but when you're 16, if you like, breathe on her go wrong, she gets pregnant. I know. I, see, really think that Candis is conspiring to get pregnant again right now, secretly, hiring because all right, conspiring, yeah cuz when I think it's a vast conspiracy, because you won't. What are you no I? Don't wanna know here. Are you crazy and she, though, cause I thinking? You have a housing from one baby in it, wait. What is she doing? What do you? What do you suspect she's done? It's it's not it's more like she says things like I wouldn't have I met with so-and-so and she's pregnant I couldn't believe it I couldn't imagine having another kid. She's she's amazing though, and I'm like no I, don't want to like I know, but just imagine if it were to happen. I'm like no I will not he's just like holding our baby like our little baby, George Georgie little girl, she's, so amazing enjoy. Thank you. She's, like the Frannie, was never as like. Tame and sweet Frannie is amazing. She's, a firecracker she's, an explosion and the baby's so good and like we look at the baby like this, is the last time we're gonna babies and she's, wondering like it doesn't have to be. You know, and it's like he's, dropping his bonds like that right, I'm, terrified terrified of having another kid, some way, how many so very four or five hundred and three, but it's like when you either won or you have infinity amount, that's right: infinite life, I! Think, there's a three three. If you have three kids, that's like you're good, that's a lot, but that's normal. Once you hit four, you might as well. Have ten it's just yet they just don't stop they just they're, just they're just everywhere, all the time I could there's no way. I can imagine I just feel like I'm. Getting a grip on life. Ya know where I have a hard time imagining having another one right now, even though what is it what's the plan, it is the plan. I will say it's not, but it seems so hard I, don't know. It feels really unfair to have one kid like I feel that like I say they came at a time how short end of the stick own got, no siblings and all the world I grew up with him. Yeah, like my kids, now are like tagging your Disney World and I'm like no and they're like please I'm, like okay, fine put on your shoes. Right was only the kid he was like. Daddy could have lunch and I was like no not today yesterday, but no I couldn't another kid right now just seems also overwhelming mm-hmm, but yeah. That's why I would want more than one because I I want to know what to have. You know siblings or somebody play away, I. Think two or maybe three. Well, that's a fact, but um watching the baby. Look at her older sister mm-hm is for the first time my life, like total clarity of like oh [, __ ], that's what it was like when I was a kid you idolized, you worship, your older siblings. You like that is my hero and that's exactly I watch the baby. Just stare at friends and just like I need to model myself on her and Candice. No, no! No don't do that. But it's it's fascinating to watch siblings, grow up and I'm glad we did that, but no I can't do it anymore. Is enough yeah tuned done! Yeah! Sign me out: okay, okay, how much should we have two or three I mean I? Have three? If you can 3 more is always better for more mmm me handle it. My wife has explained me the summer that four is a status symbol really no. This is according to the great poor people of them. That was my maid entail they can afford it. Don't like no I know we weren't in like LA, maybe in Manhattan or Los Angeles. That might be true. I think she was saying this. We were on the island of Nantucket I, don't know where Nantucket is, but I don't think it tuck. It is like that island is a status, that's where the men can suck it nice. One nice one knew a man from Nantucket his dick was so long, a good suck it no, but there's a lot of affluent families that, like a zillion kid I guess if you have like a yeah just if you have a yacht that can accommodate 40, you're young and it's a status for birds, and you can have workers she's that she wants the status and having a for no she's. I said: why does everybody in this island have four kids same SUV? It's a status symbol. Maybe it is if you want that status like if you want a class needed able to fill, you need to be able to fill an Escalade yeah. If you can't, then travel yeah I think that I walk. How dare you, okay? Well we're coming to the end of the app it's been two hours. I want to show you a couple videos. We have some new scooter vids. Should I watch the scooter? Is down or should I hold off, I mean I, don't know I I. It seems like a hard left turn from you to return. Yeah! That's true! Let me ask you this. Then. Let's, let's end and on the most classic way, we possibly great do you have ever seen experienced super national super natural go? Have you ever seen a ghost? Have you ever seen that UFO have you been visited? Have you ever seen a spirit? Do you have any supernatural experiences? I mean I watched that Bob Salazar documentary? If that's what you're? Referring to? What did you think you not know about this? Documentary yeah I'd, like to throw people under the bus, would be too critical, but he's one of the most interesting yeah, both voices ever this Bob Salazar guy, and that was one of the worst made. No I wanted to hear his story, but I don't think it's. It was not his fault, it was not in the first 10 minutes. I was like the first time it's like what are you trying to talk about, and on top of that, like don't conflate the fact that the FBI keeps reading his firework factory with the fact that he's this like just just let me listen to this man speak on it, but the no like material, so masturbatory, the b-roll of level of searches of [, __ ] aliens like. Why would you need without to me it felt like a college project was invalidating what Bob Salazar was saying, I bounced in ten minutes, because I found the production to be so obnoxious. Here's the thing, the interview that he did on the Joe Rogan podcast, though made up for those. Yes, that documentary, because Joe Rogan basically asked all the questions that I want to hear, but he's making it alright I mean, what's your opinion, is it gonna be making it all up? What I mean truly is I, don't know like I would say that my penis and I want to believe him and I don't know like it's such a convincing. Are you and also I'm, one of those people who like wants there to be alien? You want the big, even if the aliens invade planet Earth and she was all during my lifetime, yo kind of a dope time to be alive. You know what I mean we're all going down anyway to believe, but we had this guy Mick West who's, a scientific D bunker, and he just it was like he's just kind of repeating some stuff that are easy to a lot of right. A lot of this stuff. He says our are like have origins and like old UFO tales that people used to say back in, like the 50s from abduction, experience and stuff and in UFO circles he says, like I, was from this specific star system that originates back so you're. He thinks he's just sort of the heavy heavy to know the heavy particle they says they used as fuel. He says that was something we were inevitably gonna discover anyway, as part of like like they knew that that was gonna. Be next like that particle. There's, just there's no explanation really for I. Don't know! That's fine! I! Just want to believe had it's cool it sound like a cool story. It is that's what I like the so romantic and just awesome and fun, but no I've never had a firsthand alien experience, but I'm waiting and I'm psyched. For my first motion, nothing I'm, not much of a believer in that me. Neither people are kind of asked that I was annoying. I I was hired to film a series for like discovery in one of those channels. It was like the unknown or something and I think I filmed two episodes before that before they fired me and had to redo the whole show, because my production, we lost the entire contract and part of the reason. Why is because I thought everything we were seeing was [ __ ]. The first pilot I shot was about this kid who can speak to who was like reincarnated and could identify all the minutiae of his previous life where he used to live on the street, or so we went to like get into it and it was just all felt like all [ __ ], it was like I used to be a movie star who was alive in the 50s and it's like cool cool thing to say kid, and so we like brought him from Texas to Hollywood, and he was like I remember this street. If I could see the street and we're like find the street, and it's like it was just all just stupid. You had to be one of those people who really liked those so far out there to believe that you're willing to ignore everything, yeah yeah you're, willing to ignore all the truths because they don't fit in with your version of reality, you watch the Flat Earth documentary on Netflix. No, it's awesome really I'd like that. So good Flattr think you like things it's about these guys who are like super Flat Earth and they start doing they're. Trying to prove that the earth is flat and so they're getting really high tech, stuff and actually really scientific approach and the more rigorous their experiments, the more they keep disproving themselves. But it's interesting that they keep finding ways to invalidate their experiments. For example, this guy bought, like a thirty thousand dollar gyro to to measure the Earth's rotation and he'd. They haven't miked up with a lab at one point and he's telling people he's like well to be honest, the gyro experiments they didn't go well at all like if anyone found these experiment vibrantly is that right now as they are, we would be in trouble on earth of being trouble right and then, at the very end, they served us really elaborate experiment with lasers out and like a flatbeds desert, and they set up these um like a mile apart, like these uh, some kind of cardboard with us cut out, ooh and they're like well. If the this flat, like we say, it's gonna, go through all of them equally, but if it's curved, because there's so much space between them, you, you won't see it going through right. So, anyway, they do it really scientifically. They do the math correct and everything and sure enough, there's no hole it proves once again at the earth is curved. The reason why they're like there is why that conspiracy is so great to me is like there's really no benefit improving out there. Ridiculous Theory, like the the suggestion that there's a global conspiracy for the earth to be around, is like the endgame right their conspiracy. Nobody wins on that. It's just so funny in a fun. Nasa can like make a couple. Bucks like this. Just so NASA doesn't make money they just spend it I feel like they just find like a group that they can be a part of that's the problem just run with it. Without the internet, [ __ ], like flat roofs, would never speaking of which we're talking about fodder through this and this podcast right now, yeah, okay, okay, thank you guys, thanks flat 5 flat cast. No, we should end it in two hours over school hours, yeah, so guys, what's today, Friday all right. What do we have? We have Bobby Lee on Tuesday. That's right! That's right! Bobby Lee and uh: that's it oh and kalila him in twice a week, Friday, Tuesday and Friday, so Bobby, Lee and kalila will join us on Tuesday. That's really exciting. Friday we're gonna be doing the regular show Megillah Teddy, fresh calm. Get that new collection. Do you have any? What do you foggy? I got nothing to plug. Casey doesn't need to plug. He is the brand ok! Ok, that's what I'm saying I was wondering if you had to get out of here: yeah no I, just I'm, just gonna stay in the hallway and buy it on my cell phone, but yeah ok, I'm excited about it, yeah! Ok! Well, we got to take care of that. So guys. Thank you for watching have a fantastic weekend a blessed weekend, a god blessed weekend, don't use the R word like me. I feel like I need a little grace period on the holler word like they revoked that too quick yeah I feel like you, okay, as long as you're I'm, facing out Magnolia's long as you acknowledge night knowledge. Okay, then III give you a pass. Okay, think it's so official, but I need that little grace period on the r-word, you guys know I'm American, so I have a say yeah by the way. Congrats. Thank you ha. Thank you. I really appreciated [ __ ] me through her muzzle yeah I'm told you do with dudes kids, we celebrate Shabbat okay, you're kidding I, had a coupon at my wedding and got like ridiculed for wearing a [ __ ] keeper by who, like when I posted a picture on Instagram you're, not getting married. Yeah yeah like what's on his head, yeah totally Jewish. God bless big dinner, big Sun, everybody Sunday night's, the big, no Sunday yeah, you guys are doing it wrong supposed to be Friday night. Sunday know what's Sunday night, something that's the end of Sunday's the beginning of the end of the weekend. No there's a holiday this weekend. No, this Russia shall I start see now I'm sitting here, schooling you to terrible. So we do see bottom for every Friday night. This Sunday night we have the beginning of a I mean Shabbat is a stretch, will serve [, __ ] grilled lobster, but we use every Friday together and we do light the candles and say the prayer you do. Can we say a prayer together? That's pretty crazy. Do you know like the Chanukah prayer, like my mom does and I don't I, don't know, I can't believe we're taking prayer. I know I'm American, my new identity, about that it spoke with some mobility Mary. What is it have a not go ahead? Zack [Music] come on Zack where's. The music play one sound bite today and you can't move this Hava Nagila. We done [Music] [Music]. You.