Two, we are back back back back. They said we would never show our faces again because of the disgrace. We face on a every time. We make an episode, but we come back and defy the odds every time today. You know what you're talking about I'm. You know exactly what I'm talking about. Don't even pretend. Today we are joined by activists, spiritual uh, gurus leaders in their community and party activists. Of course, I'm talking about chad and jt. The party brothers also known as chad, goes deep. Oh that one like threw my nose all the way was that a sneeze or a cough it was kind of it was a sneeze, but like it was all through my nose bro. I felt that one good thing. I don't my nose isn't really stuffy, because I felt like two hot jets of air through my nostrils that could have been a mess anyway. Party burrows, awesome, excellent dudes. I'm actually really excited to have these two guys on uh. You guys may remember them from they go to city councils and lobby for the rights of bros, for example. They wanted to bring unity to huntington beach by erecting a paul walker statue. They pitched that to the city council. They also pitched uh. They went to the la city council to lobby against. You know, clamping down on parties in the hollywood hills because they say that parties change their life they're great um. I don't know how deep I need to go in their discography, but recently they were in actually super viral moment. They had at huntington beach, which they were on like ellen and howard stern. They were just handing out free masks and people were like coughing on their face and telling them to kill themselves and all this horrible [, __ ], so really interesting, uh. Today's episode is sponsored by honey as well, and please remember that if you click that join button on youtube, you get this episode a day early and not a dollar short or a day late, it's a day and a dollar short it's a day early and a dollar in your pocket. You pay us, though we don't pay you, so that's the saying isn't really applicable to the situation at all, so today's episode is brought to you by honey and with that being said, please enjoy our our uh. Really fruitful and productive conversation with the party bros with us today is uh. Well, the channel is called chad goes deep, but there's actually we have two protagonists with us: jt and chad uh the also dubbed the party bros social activists and uh party enthusiasts. Do you believe I've described you guys correctly? I think that's perfect yeah. I like partying yeah. We started as party enthusiasts now we're activists, but we're both at the same time for sure yeah. I think both those things can certainly live together. I don't see why not well, why does um? Why does chad get all the credit and the channel name? What's where's where's the love for jt? Well, chad, chad started it without me, and actually I was like a little bit reluctant to jump in because I'm a little bit lazy and then um after I helped him write this speech for for uh, getting a statue for paul walker, which was our first cause and probably the one dearest to our hearts and then, after that kind of got a lot of attention. I was like okay yeah, I'm all the way in now, but the wheels were already kind of in motion. So as I I think chad is this straw that stirs the drink so and he works way way harder than me. So I'm I'm just grateful to be on the ride with him, but sometimes I do get a little bit jealous, but I'm just super grateful to my dog. Well you're, too kind yeah. It was kind of I mean jt's got a genius noggin, so you know he's really the brains behind those a lot of those speeches and uh so yeah. It was kind of like once once we we kind of once we kind of hit big. It was the two of us, but like the original channel was chad goes deep, but um. I think I think I think we've sort of been able to solidify the chat and jt name as a pair, and sometimes we try like chad has tried really hard like when the hulu we gotta and it sounds like I'm bragging out, but we have a development deal at hulu and, like I was on the text chain and chad was like yeah, say chad and jt in the headline, and I was like: oh, my dog's got my back and then chad goes deep and I was like well. Chad tried his best there you go yeah, you guys seem like like, like total bros, and I have to say, I find it quite charming how sweet and uh caring you guys seem to be not just about each other but just kind of about the world in general. When you think about bros uh, you don't necessarily always you know, that's not always synonymous with sweet and caring. How did you go? How do you find a couple bros that are just so sweet and charming and nice um well yeah? I think that's what we've always how we've always been and with our activism we've tried to sort of present this new kind of bro cuz, like you know, bros, have gotten a bad name in the past 20 years, and rightfully so I mean there's a lot of uh bros out there who have ventured into the realm of being unchill um but uh. You know our squad, you know it's, we've always been very sweet and just happy and fun, and we love good times and being inclusive. So I think, with our activism, we really wanted to portray that to the world like there can be nice bros out there, who you know, love everyone and they don't. They don't have fun at other people's expense and stuff. Like that and stuff, like that, you guys might you might be called a new breed of bros. One might be able to say about you guys, a new breed of bro. That sounds chill I'm into that yeah yeah yeah, I think progressive. I got lucky too. I grew up with a lot of really nice hot dudes who were like could have been douches, but they were actually pretty chill and and even beyond that they were like, like virtuous guys, I was probably the biggest douche out of the crew because I was upset and then I just kind of learned that I was attracted to being around nice people because they made me feel better. So then I was like all right, well I'll, try and do that in the stuff I put out there. Oh that's right. That's a really wholesome uh insight. Yeah yeah are you? Are you guys parents chill? That's an interesting question. I mean our dads are for sure alphas um, my mom's super chill, though my mom and I are pretty much one in the same really she's like I love my mom. So much and I love my parents so much but yeah our dad's definitely come from like the or my dad. You know it comes from like the very stoic you know get [ __ ] done. Is he on chill bro? Is that what you mean by alpha? No, my dad! No! No he's very he's very sweet actually, but he's very sort of like I do pull-ups I go to work, I eat steak and I'm kind of that way too, but with a little more stoke. I guess I know exactly what you mean to the mig yeah yeah uh, but he's the sweetest too, so he's definitely I'd. Consider him a chill bro for sure. Oh, that's enough, jt. What about your dad? The reason I asked that of course, is because I just wonder where you get this really nice world outlook. I wonder if your if your parents are chill bros, my parents are super loving, very charismatic. My dad was a really like um, hard driving business guy, very like uh kind of entrepreneurial, and then my mom is like the life of the party. I would say both of them are pretty intense and pretty alpha, but that they both are really uh caring people too. So I think I just kind of I think I could see my dad sometimes like aching to be a chill bro, but he just had to work so hard to get to where he was that chillness got lost along the way like he couldn't afford to be chill, that's interesting, and then I was in a luckier position where I was like, oh, but life's a little bit easier for me, so I can probably be chill and then I don't know if that's necessarily correlates like you can't be chill and get past hardship. Sure that's how I perceived him chill is a little bit of a privilege. None for her. Sometimes I think privilege do you think yeah for sure, oh for sure, yeah, yeah and um is that the first time you've been asked that question. No, no um yeah, I'm stuck to talk about it, um. So what you guys? I've noticed you guys saying alpha a few times. Are you guys alpha? What does it mean to be alpha because you almost are using it? Well, I'm not quite sure how are you using it almost like uh? Do you want to be alpha or not alpha and the bro code? It's a good question. These are great questions yeah. I think I think I grapple with it. I think I've had like an aversion to being alpha, like I kind of associate it with dominance and overcompensating and and and like unfairness, but but there's moments where I definitely want to be alpha, so I think I'm always struggling with finding a balance between getting stuff done, but then also still being you know, happy for others and kind of perceiving the world as a separate place. Yeah and I think yeah I mean chad, and I talk about that once once in a while. It's definitely something that comes up. We're like how can we be like people who get stuff done and I think actually a lot of comedians act like they're, not alpha, like their public personas are very like self-deprecating, like oh I'm like a dope but then like, if you actually saw them behind the scenes, you'd be like no you're kind of like uh a gnarly badass, but they don't want to like present that I guess so. Is that what you're telling me that you do? Are you doing that right? Now? I don't think so. I don't think so. Yeah I grappled with it too uh when I was younger, because I was always very passive and uh I was like you know in high school people were like. You need to stand up for yourself a little bit more and I was like, but I was always just so like happy-go-lucky. I was like what does that mean uh so, but I've sort of made peace with it where I'm like? You know, I I don't think I'd venture into the realm of beta per se, but it's like I'm I'm passive and, like I like being you know nice to everyone and just having fun um, and I think I've been able to make my way through life. That way and it's it's worked to my benefit, and so I yeah um but yeah go ahead. I always thought it was cool when like. If someone would like take a jab at chad, he would just kind of laugh and roll with it and it kind of defused the jab in a way where I was like. Oh he's almost above, like the alpha beta, he's the omega thinking without being oppositional to it, which I thought was like kind of the maybe most effective way to go about that right. That is chad. Can I may I notice a coincidence about you that maybe you can address you should trad kroger is the exact name of the singer of nickelback? What a strange coincidence uh when uh? What do you think about that coincidence, or it's very odd uh if I can be real it fires me up. Every day I mean I'm a huge nickelback fan uh photograph rockstar. I mean how you remind me that you know I love jam into those songs, so I'm just honored to to share the name with with such a uh, a talented singer. Was there ever a point in your childhood when nickelback became famous and then you're like? Oh there's, another chad kroger out there uh did your life change at all. When that happened, I think it made me more confident. You know I was like. Oh, I share the same name as this like because I was listening to how you remind me one time I was going to like taco bell with my buddy devin and how you remind me was on- and I was like this song was yeah. It was like all the time. I remember him telling me about that. Yet yeah yeah impactful story, huh yeah yeah. I was like dude. This song is all time and he's like. Well, you know you share the same name and I'm like all right. I think I'm gonna make something of myself in life. Damn and you've held true to that. Thank you. Thank you. I hope I do you. I wonder if maybe you'll become the greater chad kroger. Is that your hope um, maybe you'll? Maybe when people hear chad, kroger, they'll, no longer heal, think of nickelback they'll. Think of chad goes deep and jt the the alpha, or I mean really the alpha brain, but the omega omega omega bro. You guys get what I'm saying right dude I did it so well, yeah um, I don't know, I think I think, in an ideal world you know we'd have like uh, just chad, kroger sort of uh dominating all all areas of the culture. You know like music, that's chad, kroger nickelback, maybe activism, but me and jt together, so chad, kroger and jt so um, but I don't know if I'd ever want to surpass him in legend status. I think I always want to stay on par with him. So let me ask you this: if you find that your legend is growing alarmingly, fast or you're, going to dial it back to not uh to not surpass the master the sensei chad kroger original, I think I just hit him up and I'd be like dude, you better start working on a new album, yeah, let's, let's, let's rise together, my dad yeah right yeah, and it's like that poem from aquila and the b and coach carter. I think it's by marianne williamson about how you don't help the world by dimming your own, like you know, when you shine, you give other people the permission to shine. So I think the more chad grows more he'll inspire nickelback to just keep putting out thoughtful rock and roll all. They say. There's I think a confucius said all chad krogers rise together. Yeah, I love confucius horizon chad rises with all boats, yeah, exactly exactly yeah yeah. I feel like we're on the same wavelength. You guys, I really feel like we're connecting already in the short term, completely yeah. So when did you first of all, I'm wondering how did you guys meet? You guys are so well connected. I feel, like you guys, are even in the same room just like on laptops in different parts of the living room [Laughter] we actually met at this rager um, our buddy ben benji was throwing a rager um and it was kind of a flop. To be honest, you know like um benji's dad would wouldn't bail, and it was just like kind of you know. Like I remember at one point, kellen said he was gonna, go make a quesadilla which is like gonna kill the party. So in a moment of desperation, I got the mount chugmore four hose beer bong from my truck, and I was gonna chug it with kellen, reese and landon, and then um, but landon couldn't because he was on antibiotics, so uh jt stepped in and once he twisted the nozzle. It was like a cosmic connection, so you guys connected over a beer, bong yeah and I just knew right away like he had the vibes I was kind of looking for in my life, like was the kind of person I wanted to be around. I was like okay, we're going to be bros for a minute and then uh we kind of lost track of each other, and then we both kind of circled back in our 20s and we're like hey like I saw what he was working on with the activism stuff and he he thought I could help out with that, and then we just kind of uh, I don't know, started clicking and, and we've been kind of inseparable ever since yeah. What about that beer bong? Just I feel like was it he hit it super fast and hard and he released the the lever. I mean what what what were the the the fizzle, the carbonated pops and that uh oh well. He was incredible because I'm not very good at beer bonds, but he could open up his gullet in a really smooth way where the yeah you can see from the way the alcohol is coming down in the tube. How someone's dealing with it. You can tell if someone's pressing back against it, if they're resisting it and he just had a smooth pathway and the beard just flowed down effortlessly and I was like that's really good technique, but even beyond that it was like dude. He got the beer bong to get the party going right, and I just I respected that initiative like a lot of people were just sitting back and they were going to let this party die, I'm not going gently bro, I'm getting the beer bong and we're going to [ __ ] get this thing going! Excuse my language and I was like all right. That's the kind of person, that's the kind of person I want to be around. Do not chad gently into that uh dark night. What is this saying? Yeah? We will not go gently into the night we will survive today. We no you're not doing independence day you're doing church yeah, but do not chad quietly into this? Oh, no! It's not churchill! It's a problem! Yeah! It's uh! It's like larkin, oh cs, eliot, tsm, bill pullman, said independence day we will not go quietly into the night. Is that it yeah yeah? That's what I could. I think he ripped off that poem, but basically do not chad quietly is is what I was getting at it's funny, because I feel like dylan. Thomas sorry. Can you read the quote for us, but chad instead of like go, say: chad, yeah of course, um I'll go quickly as well I'll go quickly to the poem, but not into the good night uh yeah, please, chad do not go chadli into that good night. Old age should burn and rave at close of day rage, rage against the dying of the chad, wow, beautiful, beautiful [Applause], um, yeah and uh. That was beautiful, jt, but yeah, and also when, when jt hit the beer bong like the thing I love about jt is his emotional iq is like surpasses anyone. I know and he's just like. He loses passion and his vocabulary like it's just his dome is just like his intellect is like it's. It impresses me every time so like I'm, always he always one-ups it so the way he hit the beer bong, I could see like the passion and also the the empathy and the way he he chugged it. If that makes sense like he was like he's like I'm with you, and we will not let this party bust. You know it's interesting. How much you can tell about someone from a beer, bong, yeah yeah for real right. I've always thought that I feel like for ethan. The party would have started with the quesadillas yeah. I don't know, I'm not a party bro. The quesadilla is just the start, yeah well if he would have been making quesadillas for the whole party, maybe, but it was a solo uh venture, so we were like dude you're kind of just taken away from the energy we need from you, like it's kind of you put too much pressure on your boys, but when there's a party- and one of your boys kind of like just goes off and starts doing his own like internal thing, you're like hey, we kind of need you here to like keep the party strong, yeah yeah. How did you guys get involved in social justice because I feel like that was a beautiful new chapter in your guys's life, and I feel, like your social justice, really has resonated with people. Tell me about how that got started uh well. We were first introduced to like civic duty and city councils, because this this poke shop, uh slam and salmon was gonna get closed. I think for like zoning laws or something, and so you know we went with a bunch of dudes to talk to the council about how good the pokey is. You know like like max there if you know him, like he he'll put on togarashi ponzu, avocado bamboo rice and overload it with salmon right, and so we were like. We need to keep this dude around and um. That was our first introduction and then and, like you know, around the last election time, we just saw that the country was kind of really divided and uh. We're like what can we do like what what brings people together and jt, and I just sort of looked at each other and we're like paul walker, oh paul walker, I thought you're gonna, say pokey, oh, that too I mean for sure uh, but then, like yeah, sure yeah, oh yeah, dude, paul walker and pokey. I mean you can't beat that comment. Yeah yeah and then I hooked up with jt and we we uh wrote the speech together. Um, actually, do you guys mind if I watch the video is that okay yeah it goes yeah. I don't want to catalog your guys's illustrious work in activism. Uh. Can I set it up so they can watch along or should I just play it uh? Last time it was so laggy the website. Well, you guys are familiar with it, so maybe you can just listen. Is that yeah? Is it okay? Would you guys if you just hear it yeah? Whatever way, you guys want to do it? I'm just gonna, I'm gonna go ahead and play some an excerpt here. So this is the san clemente city council. Is that where you guys are from san clemente, mm-hmm yeah, I'm from next door in san juan capistrano, but essentially I mean they're. Well, I shouldn't say: they're interchangeable, but they're, right next door to each other. Okay. So here we go, you are potent and by the way, how do you get into the city council chamber? Do you just show up like how does it it's open to anyone? Any citizen can go in there and say that I want to comment on either stuff. That's on the agenda or public comment, which means basically anything, and they will give you your three minutes. That's amazing, and how do you get the footage you know what I mean is that available to the public too yeah huh yeah, it's public domain. So they have it on their website and you can just download the whole council video yeah. How long did it take before the video went up after the speech dude? Actually we didn't even put it up like a journalist, was there for the san clemente times, I think, and he threw it up on their facebook page and then it went viral from there no way yeah. So no one even really knew it was us they're like who are these? Who are these dudes uh and then so yeah, but uh, then we put it up after we were like this. Is us and people were like okay? So you guys were you guys were not looking for media attention. You were there simply just to spread the word of paul walker to bring peace and unity to san clemente and the globe at large, really huh, yeah, yeah. Okay, let's watch! Let's, let's, let's see what this is all about: incredible, that they haven't upgraded their uh video technology, since at least they have video technology council. My name is chad, kroger first, I just want to say I'm truly honored to be here, uh to be in a city where you can have a surf session and then go to a city council meeting within the span of an hour. I think that just shows that the american dream is still very much alive, so thank you all right to the serious stuff. I I stand before you here today. In the midst of gnarly times, I'm a freelance journalist and after interviewing hundreds of people, I've witnessed first hand the ever-growing divide between americans and families torn apart over political differences. It's in times like these, we need a unifying figure. We can all turn to a beacon of headlights that can guide us down the dusty road. I was 11 years old when my first love ashley betrayed me by moving to newport beach, I felt lost alone bombed and it was in that melancholy that my dad took me to see the fast and furious where for an hour and 47 minutes, I transcended my worries because I just met my new hero, paul walker afterwards, at carl's jr. I thought about what paul taught me. I think the most inspiring thing was the fact that even after dominic treto beat him in that first race paul still managed to bet his sister pretty inspiring, and another thing is the fact that he still saved vince, even though vince was flexing on him, the entire movie and questioned his love for tuna sandwiches um, which I think is a true testament to his character. I wonder if they like vin diesel- and I just want to go off book here. You know it wasn't just fast and the furious. He inspired me in a ton of other movies as well. Uh skulls meet the details. They must have been like what in the [ __ ] am I so ultimately, I'm gonna skip to the end. So I want to see the proposal. Oh you have another bro here, who's this bro, that was a bodhi of the paul walker initiative, yeah, just real quick best known for his installation of white cube, 2003 uh, the new fast and furious is fast approaching. It comes out next month, and so we don't have much time um. So I'm just going to ask you guys straight up: how can we get started? When can we break ground? Do you have any comments, all right I'll? Let you guys think about that. Thank you. So much so you are petitioning the city to build a statue to paul walker, your hero, yeah yeah. How was the reception? How do you find that the city council receives your your your ideas uh? For that one? I don't know, I don't know if they took it as seriously at first, but the reception nationwide uh was pretty awesome. I mean you saw how many people loved paul walker and and like it, it was like it just sort of um yeah. Reassured me that, like you know, a lot of people were like. Yes, we do need this statue, so I was like all right. Cool like people are on board, so I think that spoke to the council and they become more friendly. Would you be in favor of say, like replacing the washington monument with this giant statue of ball walker, george, washington, yeah, george washington, the washington monument in dc? I just mean what I mean to say: is that maybe you're thinking too small, like san clemente, is just a kind of a small beach town, but I'm thinking, maybe we go bigger washington dc. You know national monument thoughts, yeah yeah, I mean yeah I'd like to be do they have a good break there. I'd like I'd like paul's statue to be surrounded by pretty solid waves. Washington dc- I don't know if they have a solid potomac, doesn't go off. That's a really good point. Maybe he wouldn't be honored there, but I was thinking we could just replace the lincoln monument with the with paul walker, yeah lincoln's. Pretty dope, though yeah. I think, let's leave a good monument um. We talk a lot about vin diesel on this show. Do you guys have any yeah it's about his character? Yeah? I love him. Yeah his performance in the first fascinating furious, I think, is one of the most commanding performances of my lifetime. I mean he really. Does he just he's just like this. He has this gravity to him or you're like yeah. That's the leader definitely has gravity outlaw crew that drives. You know, 10. Second cars. Thank you today to honey for sponsoring this episode. We all shop online and listen. We've all seen that promo code field at checkout and it taunts us it humiliates us it dares us to. I says to you: I dare you to go, spend an hour scouring the internet for a code, because you know you could save five, ten twenty, maybe even in this case a hundred and eleven dollars and fifty cents. This is totally real. Yeah. Tell me about your experience, saving with honey um. I was just shopping on levi's. The website and some stuff were already on sale, so I would have never gone to look for a coupon on top of it. I just assumed it was already like pretty good price um and I have honey still installed. So when I was just doing checkout as regular, it showed me that it's a hundred dollars off of 200.. That's crazy. That's literally like 50 off yeah, here's how honey works uh! It's a free browser extension that automatically searches the internet for promo codes and automatically applies the best one. It finds to your cart when you're checking out honey supports over 30 000 stores online, ranging from tech, gaming products, popular fashion brands and even food delivery. Imagine you're shopping at one of your favorite sites. When you check out the honey button drops down and all you have to do. Is click apply? Coupon pardon me honey's, like no coughing. No, I'm kidding they're chilled wait a few seconds as honey searches for coupons it find for that site. If honey finds a working, coupon you'll watch as the price drops boom, as ila has proven it works and honestly, for me, honey is like a game changer, it's ridiculous. It's just so fun you're, like oh [, __ ]. I literally would have spent this money yeah for this magical. Plugin um honey has found it's over 17 million members over two billion in savings wow, that's nuts! If you don't already have honey, you could be straight up missing out on free savings. It's literally free installs in a few seconds and by getting it you'll, be doing yourself a solid you'll, be doing us a solid you'll, be supporting this podcast. It's a win, win, win, win, win, get hunting for free at jointhoney.com; h3, that's join honey, dot, com, slash h3! This is one of the comments that one of the city council members had to say about you guys. May I read it to you? Yes, please. He said I guess every generation needs their cheech and chong and spokoli characters, but chad and jt fell way short in their efforts. I enjoy a good sense of humor and wish they had used better material that would have made them funny instead of predictable. How do you guys respond to the ch to uh chris hamilton, council member dude? That's good! It's good, constructive criticism. We'll come back stronger, the next time, yeah it actually kind of cracks me up like we did laguna beach one time and the council member afterwards like this was solid, but it's not your best work. Oh my god yeah. I wonder if the count the uh, all the council, members in the area are just waiting for the day that the party bros into their chamber that happened in newport, yeah yeah, tell me about it. What did they say when you walked in jt? Do you want it like we just I was. I was just back in chat up uh but like it was funny too, like at the newport beach. One like the mayor was wearing rainbow sandals, I think at the meeting, which was like okay. This is a chill meeting and then, when chad came up the the mayor was like chad, kroger yeah, that's awesome, yeah, you guys are getting two. Maybe your activism efforts are becoming too renowned. You guys might have to go up north or some somewhere to another coastline. Where people don't know you as much yeah, we went to delaware last year and um. It was interesting seeing the contrast in city council meetings like they were a lot more. You know, I don't think they were wearing rainbow sandals no at that meeting and they they were not down with our cause. Uh, because we're just you know, we we had a. We came there for good reason, because the university of delaware, their ragers, were getting a little more restricted. So we came to to appeal that uh, but yeah so we're starting to venture to to more different states and to say what up? That's good. I think it's important to spread your activism. I mean california's benefited, so many so much from you guys, soquels, particularly that I think there's a lot of youth and not just youth but really just general population. That could benefit from your guys's kind of missionary work. Even at this point I would call it do you guys ever consider going to other countries to spread stoke and uh activism for sure yeah, yeah we'd love to do chad goes deep in, like russia or china, russia, yeah yeah. China seems really appealing right now. Yeah yeah, I think there's a lot to investigate. So I'd love to love to go in there with an open mind and just bring our dank vibes to what's going on. Damn, I would actually love to watch. You guys go deep in china, yeah well. Dude, after our last video, they were like reaching out to the chinese government. Well, not the government, I don't think uh, but like some news networks uh, they want us to come on. Oh for real yeah yeah after the mass video, oh they oh they're, trying to do anti-us propaganda over there yeah. We didn't deduce that immediately, but after other people explained to us how media works over there, we kind of got hip to what their angle might be. Dude chinese government one did, he use you guys is probably gonna. Do that no you're like no thank you we're doing our own propaganda here in the united states, not really propaganda. It's just kind of the truth, but I wouldn't necessarily trust that in the hands of the chinese government yeah and we're pretty open-minded too, I mean we'll go on a lot of different platforms, and so we were like. Oh maybe we could like get our message in even well. They'll just translate it and be like they'll be like you know, we'd have to be live, it would have to be live, so we know that they wouldn't edit right. Yeah. Yeah, but they would just put subtitles possibly that just totally [ __ ] you guys over oh that'd, be pretty hilarious yeah we did we'd have to put in one of our boys to translate bring in a chinese speaking bro. Oh yeah, our boy schneider used to teach english yesterday, yes, yeah bring it bring it a mandarin speaking bro to translate live. That would be yeah dude, that's a good! I love that yeah schneider would kill that. Oh did he come in like what up and he starts translating did I know you? Could he could do it well for us too, he'd get the vernacular in there. Now I'm excited wow, I'd love to send you guys to just like ethiopia or brazil or somewhere. I just want to see you guys spread. I think you know a lot of these countries are developing and I think, like introducing you guys, might speed up the development process. You know what I mean. Oh thank you. Yeah yeah be a catalyst for acceleration, yeah 100 billion yeah, so um going back a little bit. The first time I saw you guys you were advocating for partying in the hollywood hills, I'm gonna. Do you guys mind if I pull this up and watch it for a bit? No, please do huh yeah! Okay! Here we go next speaker. Yes, sir, identify yourself what up council my name is chad, kroger um, I'm an activist and house party enthusiast. Over the past week, I've been in a state of deep despair upon hearing the news that la is trying to outlaw house parties in the hollywood hills. I am here determined to stop this future atrocity. House parties were the bedrock of my development as a young man in san clemente. My first introduction to manhood came when the captain of my water polo team, boomer kingsley, asked me to shotgun a tall can of bud light in front of the whole squad at his end of the season bash. His parents were in tahoe at the time, so we tore that weekend up. It was epic and I was super stoked. My newfound confidence gave me the courage to ask out the most popular girl in school, lauren stockholder to prom that year. She rejected me and I had to go with stacy mcmillan, but I didn't care because I was so amped on chugging with my boys. That's what house parties do raging at house parties is the truth. Whoa whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa speaker, please come this struck me as rude. How we cut you off? Were you out of time or yeah? I was out of time and that actually that's her herb lesson he's like one of our best friends. Now, oh for real, really yeah, yeah yeah he's a legend. I was gonna ask how you guys kind of are received in these in these city councils, where they don't really know what's coming at them. I think at first they're a little thrown off because, like we're so passionate and we're coming from the heart, you know- and it's like, I think I think, we're I think- a lot of them inside they're like leaping with joy because they're like finally they're talking about stuff. I want to talk about. You know things that matter like like partying, you know and not and not like you know, street lights or whatever homeless people and [ __ ] like that yeah yeah, yeah yeah. You get different perspectives on that yeah yeah and you know it's fine too. It's like la, like the people or just different places, like sometimes the people who speak before and after us are even kind of more absurd than us. Sometimes sometimes we're a welcome relief, because we're being pretty chill about everything, that's true, you guys are not hostile of all things. Actually I didn't want to cut. I definitely wanted to enjoy. Uh jt has a as obviously an impassioned speech as well. So let's watch it. Oh thank you. Yeah identify yourself what up council. My name is jt parr, I'm also here to defend parties in the hollywood hills. I grew up. Like most kids worried. I couldn't bench two plates that I wouldn't fit in that I wouldn't find love. Then I discovered partying and suddenly all those worries went to the wayside. I didn't need love. I had keg stands. I discovered I was great at raging and it revealed wonderful things about myself. I could relate to bros, regardless of what kind of bro they were. I could be at a party and moon people and everyone would laugh, you know, be witty or I could play beer pong and compete with real integrity. In short, I fulfilled my potential. If you outlaw house parties, you may keep the volume down, but an externality is that you may keep people from bonding america needs bonding. People need to put aside their differences and find common joy, there's no more effective environment for that than a freaking rager. This is best exemplified in me and chad's relationship. We were star-crossed, he is surfer me a bodybuilder. Thank you. Thank you and I want to jt. Would you consider that, like your um, I have a dream. Oh man yeah, because that is my dream- is for everybody to rage and not be judged by. You know: uh super official differences, but by the content of their party. Yeah. Do you? What was the law? You guys were lobbying against by the way? What was it they were trying to you guys were you know, fighting against what was it they were trying to do yeah. Well, I was I was literally. I was at the gym and I was like doing sprints so I was fired up already and I saw in the news like on the local news, is like la city council, making move to ban house parties in the hollywood hills um. So I didn't really investigate much further beyond that. I just saw what I needed to see and I hit up jt and he was like. Well, let's go to the council right now so next morning, when they met, we just cruised over and yeah, and did they follow through with the law? Or did you guys enact change? No, they followed through yeah. I think they were shutting down people who were renting airbnbs and having like 300 people, parties yeah, because it was like destroying the neighborhood and then I was like well sounds like the neighborhood needs to get a little bit more, dank yeah yeah. I think, if destroying, if that, if that's what destroying the neighborhood is then tear my neighborhood up, you know what I mean for sure for sure yeah, I love it um, you guys had a actually. You guys had a really viral moment recently down at huntington beach. You guys were attempting to be what I can really consider being good bros handing off free masks because there's a lot of people out there without masks, and I think you know it's easy to assume. Well, maybe they just didn't have one right. I think that's what you guys were assuming when you saw people without masks, yeah yeah like I, I serve huntington a lot and we get pokey at bear flag, a lot which shout out they have the best pokey and uh yeah. We just thought a lot of people weren't wearing masks, so we just assumed you know, naturally, that the supply chain was boned up, sure, yeah, of course, so you guys went out there to hand out free masks, but the reactions were actually quite hostile. Did that surprise you or many of them were um. I don't think it was totally surprising, I think uh people don't like being told what to do and we we kind of understood that uh before we went out there you know um. I I often related to like my little league experiences where I didn't want to wear a cup. I thought they were just cumbersome and then oh that's a great analogy. Yeah it wasn't until the third baseman on my team, simon got drilled uh, where you were a cup that I realized the importance of taking like safety precautions. Oh that's! That's such a good analogy yeah. So I think sometimes for people they they will react hostilely, but but once they are affected by something they tend to tone it down. Well, some of the people were really awesome. I mean one dude like coughed in your guys's faces. Did that surprise? You definitely surprised yeah and I mean I was checking out yeah. You guys spent a lot of time around unmasked. Uh people are you. Have you been tested for covet? I've been worried about covid um. I was worried for sure I mean it was. It was what like three or four weeks ago now so uh, I was worried for sure after it and I just sort of holed up in my apartment after um, but I haven't been tested. I haven't experienced any symptoms, but I've been super safe and just wearing a mask and pretty much stand by myself. That's good yeah I've been tested three times actually and I've been fortunate to come back negative with all of them. I was really really scared at first, like too scared I have kind of like hypochondriac tendencies where I always think I'm sick, so this was kind of a bad uh. You know setting for me, but I've actually kind of adjusted to just this new normal and the way I've kind of feel better about it is I just try to work out a lot and take vitamins and and just be as healthy as possible. So if I do get it hopefully I'll be all right. That's a good approach. You must have really been freaked out when that dude coughed on you yeah. No, that's yeah yeah. Actually, like I, I was a little more scared than jt. I think at that moment, because jt was like reassuring, that he was like. We were six feet. We were six feet, but you know that's a crime actually, should we show that yeah? I will show it but yeah. That's why we blurred the dude's face, because, after the reaction of the huntington one we were like, oh we don't want. It was chad actually called me and was like hey. We have to like huh. We have to look out for this person. Like I don't know, people are reacting to the video very emotionally he's like he's like we should blur his face. You know what you guys are the sweetest bros I mean the guy didn't deserve that. But yet you guys, I think the bro code really even extends to unrolly people. I'm learning about you guys. Oh thank you. Thank you. Yeah yeah yeah. I was a yeah. I was yeah that nevermind well. I was really surprised actually with the video um, even though I know a lot of people are refusing to wear the mask. It was just shocking to see it in that way, and this video was going so viral. It was being sent to me by random people too. Oh really yeah people in israel, mm-hmm [Laughter], um yeah. We we didn't expect the response I mean it was. It was pretty wild and it blew up. You know within like a day we're like whoa like this is taking off, probably maybe bigger than anything else we've done well. Where did it take off the most? Because I've noticed like your youtube channel is kind of small, but it seems like you guys get out way more. Is it? Are you guys big on facebook or instagram? Where are people watching your content, the most uh instagram um? Really? What's your yeah? Where do you guys prefer people watch you guys instagram instagram and youtube yeah um like yeah, it's chat goes deep, instagram, then jtpar14 and then just chat goes deep, youtube, um, that's sort of the main ones but yeah. It is interesting. Like I think, a lot of times our videos are shared without um us being credited. You know like because it's like public domain and people will be like. Oh, this is just like a city council like this. Isn't right, I don't know who we are so they just like the the paul walker on this house parties, one they just very true. You know the first time I saw you guys was one of your random city council clips. I think I saw the news or something- and you know people are just like look at these jokers and you're right. I think you guys are even more famous than you get credit for, I think the bronis. Oh thank you is uh spreading, even even further than you guys realize. Let me let me pull up the the clip of you guys trying to give out free mass. I think the reason why it went so viral is that you guys were so sweet and nice about it, and then people were just it seems like such an objectively nice thing. They could just say no. Thank you right. Yeah yeah reactions were so crazy. Well here, let me just pull up a quick excerpt. This is from the uh huntington beach. Solving the masks shortage is the name of the video when chad goes deep. So no I'm good thanks. Dammit are you pro mask bro? You want a mask. It's all fake dude come on. I love that [ __ ] man, I'm good man. Oh man, that's just something! I like I like freedom dog. I like I like fresh air, just shut down the [ __ ] country. That's [, __, ] dude, I'm good, but does we're in a mass shut down the country when you close down half the economy yeah, I think so. But can we open it up quicker if we all wear masks? No dude! That's a talking point on the tv bro. I wasn't quite sure um. I wasn't quite sure what he was talking about. You know his points didn't make total sense to me. He was saying he was saying that wearing masks shuts down the country. Did you understand what he was saying? I didn't quite. I think he meant just the lockdown in general, like he thought, was probably an overreaction to the virus and I do think part of the reason people liked the video or responded to it was because we we got these this wide range of responses that were all kind of emblematic of just like uh. I don't know not logical thinking that people were using to be against mass. Like some people use religion, some people think it's the media. Some people just think like it's just fake. Some people just think it's just fake yeah and we kind of we touched a couple of those different things and, and it didn't feel like people were thinking about it deeply. It just felt like they were kind of just like emotionally responding to it a little bit. That's true. How did like uh people, anti-mask people respond to your guys's video online? You mean yeah online in general. Did you guys get any hate for these videos? There's a lot of debate in the comment section going on um there's been a few nasty messages, but not you know, maybe in the single digits I mean I, I think the fact that we're we were just so sweet in the video. I mean it's like you can't it's not like we were. We were like telling people to wear like you need to wear a mask or like antagonizing them. We were just saying like hey. If you want free masks, you can have them so absolutely yeah. I don't think there's a lot of room to to hate. Unless you're really really passionate about not wearing a mask. Let me continue watching yeah. They say it's not a mask. It's a muzzle! Well, I'm not planning on biting anybody. So I guess I don't understand that analogy either, but for everyone, what does that mean yeah? I don't even know just a benevolent superseding hey. What's intelligence rick, so [ __, ], cool dude rick is the coolest dude. Do you wear a mask? God does love me? Do you wear a mask [ __ ] you what the hell, what the hell did? You guys do that was the crazy, like those two sentences just did not connect me [Laughter], yeah, but honest to god, like when I, when I reflect back on that dude I know like maybe his thinking isn't helpful for the situation we're in but, like I don't know, he's a pretty hilarious dude right to cruise by on a on a bike and just yeah he's ready to throw down just drop back up in arms like he doesn't know, maybe chatter I do muay thai or something like that and then he just was like. I don't care, dude you're, just not going to tell me how to live. Just [, __ ], you bro, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah props. In a way right. I think that spirit probably helps us with some things, but it's just probably not the right attitude. It's not the attitude. We need right now, but maybe there are times when we yeah when he first started yelling at us. I got scared for a little bit and then- and I started realizing. Oh this dude is squared up. 24 7. he's ready to go so it was like you know. He was just talking and then, but he stayed under that bridge. I think for like an hour just like you know, squared up just like that yeah I was just scared. I was in sandals too. I was like I can't I took him off. Yeah did you guys ever actually feel like maybe under threat of violence? At any point, during these videos I mean kind of like you guys mentioned, you should probably be ready to run when you're gonna offer a mask to someone yeah yeah. I think I think briefly, you know, but it I think, we're we always sort of have the the method of de-escalating the situation with radical kindness, and just you know, and so I you know, if someone really wants to throw down like yeah, I I don't think it's ever gotten to the point where I'm like okay, this person's actually going to make good on their thread. Well, let me ask you this yeah. Are you guys? Are you guys good fighters? Do you guys think you could throw down in the event of violence? I I can wrestle pretty good. I think that guy would have beat my ass he's very big dude yeah yeah, the people in huntington who were threatened, who got in our face, I think the majority of them I was like. Yes, guy will probably kick my ass, but but but I feel like I can get away at the minimum yeah yeah, but is that why you guys practice sprinting? Just so? You know that you can, because you said you were sprinting in the gym the other day, just kind of keeping nimble at all times. That's why I sprint. You know, because I'm strictly uh flight yeah just fly, there's no fight just flight yeah yeah, I'm ready to go, you don't need fight, yeah, exactly yeah and I had more mass to give away yeah. That's all that bad! Let me keep watching. This is too good. What I think oh he's coming back, do you need a mask, get ready to run? Okay, what else you want just to give you're not making my [ __ ] rights and not my rights? First of all, we're just trying to hand out. I think you, don't you don't believe in a mask. I don't that's cool. I can leave it alone. You want something with me: come on and get this no we're not trying to fight anyone. We just yeah. Do you want him for the mask? Maybe we do a happy hour at sharkies later? Well, we learned a valuable lesson and then here I've got the the clip here where um, where the dude coughs on you. Let me pull it up here we go. Are they cool? No they're, not that sweet but they're all right dude? Can I just sit? Oh dude? Oh you guys have eyewear on. I didn't notice that in this video, that's good, you know yeah. We watched goggles for that, one which voucher just endorsed. So we were kind of yeah. You guys may have prevented getting yeah the virus from wearing those goggles. Who knows, I think that the sun would get it. I know it was tough to wear those outdoors all day. I started getting worried that I was getting like retinal damage, but then I was like no people do triathlons and stuff yeah yeah. I couldn't see because mine were clear, so I was just literally like blind the whole day outside it's good. You guys did that, though yeah. Let me let me get another shot because I could feel like you guys got to be so proud of you guys. Are they cool? No they're, not that sweet but they're all right dude? Can I just sit? Oh so here's the thing he came back pretending to get a mask and then he used it as an excuse to sneak attack you guys kind of yeah kind of wild yeah. I was bummed because you can hear in the video I was about to compliment him on his physique. You know I was like dude. I just want to say yeah. I just want to say you got like like what's your workout and but they ain't coughed in it, but you know we didn't get to well. You still you're still not sure he coughed on us on purpose. Right yeah I was like kind of like was he? It is a little bit questionable. I mean what well no he turned around. He said what kind of mask do you have, then he coughed and immediately left yeah the fact that he immediately left kind of made it seem like it was on purpose yeah. I I don't know I I tend to be a little bit naive, but yeah I was at first I was like I was like. Oh he just accidentally coughed, but that doesn't make much sense. You know the thing is a dude like that who's cruising around without a mass shirtless call from people, that's the dude who would have the virus yeah. That's the thing too, because they're being reckless all the time yeah I mean, I guess. Sometimes it wasn't even getting our ass kicked. I was like one of these people probably has coveted and they're going to be wrestling me and breathing all over me. No, but uh. You know what you guys got to do the right thing out there and, like you know, like uh, you know, sometimes you just gotta march and and risk your own health for the for to to make for the betterment of the world. So that's what you guys are. Are you guys worried about covered? Oh yeah, oh yeah, I'm messed up. You know I'm uh. We don't really leave the house well, pretty much. We moved our podcasts at home. We used to. We usually do it out of a studio, but we uh. We do it from home now, because we we just want all of our employees to be home except dan he's expendable. You guys saw our producer on screen he's here with us. If he perishes from covid, we can accept that loss, but for the most part we want everyone else to be healthy, no right yeah and that's what I'm willing to I'm willing to make that section. Now, we've all been tested. We got tested a lot and we wear masks and stuff. So we're all being said, but um we're really worried about it. It really sucks. Well, we were in uh what what beach were we at the other day when we were filming hunting, was it in newport? Newport is newport newport, oh nice. So those guys, like I don't know, what's going on, but nobody there wears masks yeah newport every. I think people in newport are doing so well in life and they're, also like good looking and healthy that I think they think they're kind of like above, like bad things happening to them almost right right, yeah, like they're, like I crush in a commercial mortgage lending I dead, lift like 405 and, like I, I drive wave runners on the weekend like nothing's, going to kill me and I'm like, but bro. I don't know if the virus is like cares about those details, maybe they're right though, on the other hand, maybe they're right. Maybe the virus is like these guys. This guy's, crushing it I'm gonna, go and we're skipping newport yeah. All right. You put your chill you're gonna go over that real estate developer yeah, I don't know we were really shocked by what was going on there. It's kind of like uh surreal, literally no one was wearing a mask and everyone was just going on with their life like nothing is going on. Oh, like and most of all like we were, you know we rented a boat for a video we were making, and you think that you know in the service industry people would be would be more prone to wear a mask because they're precautious yeah, because they they want to cater to their customers and not not make anyone uncomfortable. But that wasn't the case in huntington beach. The coronavirus is doesn't exist, but I did. I did bring masks with me and um. At least the people with us did wear it yeah. They made everything. They were nice, they didn't curse us back like in your video. No, they were not. They were not yeah we were paying. Yeah is the difference. Yeah we were paying them yeah, you know, um, you guys have done a lot of really valuable activism with kovid with paul walker, but the one thing that I really want to give you guys props on is your small dong activism, which is obviously uh, something that affects many men, including myself, and oh. What up? Dude yeah welcome to the squad. Yeah welcome to the fretboard. Thank you very glad to have you here, dude, thank you, and so I just I feel like it was really. It really touched me frankly um to see you guys going out on a limb and doing this. So let me pull this up for reference. We could discuss uh fighting small donkey together. My boys, chad, kroger and jt parr, also known as the party bros are with us. They join me now, what's up buddies, oh, what's up jesse what up dude dude stoked here in miami? That's one of our favorite cities. Yeah this place is dope. You all would love it down here. All right, big super bowl! Tomorrow night, let's just start off, how do you guys party at a super bowl party? Oh dude, good question uh. Well, we have a huge rager for sure. Uh gotta get some brews. We usually have wood ranch, cater, it maybe get some burgers and some steaks which is cool, but jesse there's actually uh an announcement that jt and I we want to make to the world. Oh okay, we we have small dongs. Yes, there's an epidemic of dudes out there who feel bad about their wieners and dudes. You don't have to like on my hair. I have a small dong and it's dang guys you can't stand live, shows and talk about your dongs. You can't do it we're sorry, you can't do it. We just want people to know that it's all good dude yeah, you don't have to feel shame and we're celebrating it dude. We told our dad superman super bowl predictions chiefs. Dude I've never seen anyone make it look as easy yeah for sure, but I do love the diners because california um, but we will have a rager and if you're cruising uh, you have a small dog and I really want to see andy win. A super bowl I'll see you later all right, yeah they cut it a [, __ ]. I have a feeling he was not happy about that, and you know I gotta say like we're talking about important activism. It's it's it's just funny for him to be like. Oh guys, we can't talk about your small dongs on live tv, but it's like you know, did uh did martin luther king. Listen when they said hey, you can't you know march on washington, yeah yeah. They try to tell you what are the spaces that are okay, to talk about things that are important and I think sometimes the importance of what we're talking about supersedes the importance of the space. So what were you? What were you guys meant to talk about when they invited you on, because clearly it wasn't that uh yeah? They wanted us to talk about our super bowl predictions how we were celebrating uh. I believe, that's it, but I mean we just you know we're we're fired up and uh on this new initiative and we're like we just gotta. You know we're live, we gotta tell the world, we have small dongs and we had a. We had a listener who has like a really small penis and he was going through a really tough time and no matter what we told him in emails or how he corresponded with them. Nothing would make him feel better about his small dick and we were like well, let's, let's, let's show them that it is okay to have a small deal. You know and yeah. It was all for you, gary, oh shout out to gary little dick, that's also my dad's name, which, incidentally, I guess I probably get a small dick from him too. I wonder if that's him, you think it's my dad yeah, our our dads were less than stoked on the announcement, because you know we're not doubting that I'm in the process, yeah yeah, we had a steak dinner with them and we were like dads. Look we're going to tell the world we have small dicks and you might be implicated in this implication: yeah yeah! What's the implication that they have small dicks? No, I'm saying the implication is funny. Oh, the implication's hilarious. Do you go? Did you guys get any kind of follow-up from that interview? Was he upset with you guys? I mean. Obviously he cut you off early yeah. He he was. He was not that fired up on it. Uh yeah they're, like we can't really have you back on after that, but you know you went out with them the best of it yeah yeah and I think the message is too strong. You know it's like. I think I think we're just you know giving dudes out there the strength to say like what up world. I have a little hog and I think that's more important yeah some people said we were banned, but we just were told we couldn't come back on yeah. What's the difference, good question, yeah they're kind of the same thing huh, I think so, unless you have some insight about the difference, you know why, by the way, is it really that uh controversial of a thing to talk about television? I mean you got you guys say: hey, we got small dongs, I mean it's not like you're, you didn't even use vulgar language. You guys were totally vulgar. I mean dong. What are we talking about here? I mean this is outrageous. Yeah and jesse said dong too he's like you guys can't come on and talk about your dongs yo. What's up yeah uh, maybe he should do his show. What's up, maybe he should lose his shell for using that language? Oh dude, you know what I think it was with the surprise factor because, like we test like we were like all right, we have small dongs and then you can see. People aren't used to hearing people talk about their small dongs and, and I think it kind of through him it gets everyone who's in the production room, all the producers jesse, it all gets them thinking about their dongs and people don't want to be thinking about their dongs when they're under the gun. Like that. So what do you guys? What do you guys characterize as small dongs like? Is there a certain threshold like with menza there's like a certain iq to join the club? Is there is there a length of the penis that qualifies for small dong? It's a good question. I mean I mean the average length is like what like five and three-fourths erect um. That's a solid piece! Yeah, that's a that's a huge it's a huge dink um, but yeah! I don't know I don't. You know, I think I think I think honestly it's like, if you feel like you, have a small dong, then you know you don't you know all dongs are hot dogs are chill, but you know I think it's more about how you feel about it. We don't want to exclude anyone who feels like they have a small dom and then you know some people are small when they're not uh tumescent and some people are small when they are and and there's and then everyone has different ways of measuring it. Like do you go, this is really crude. I'm sorry, but you go like underneath or to the side, and so um there's a lot of variance. I don't know if there's a standard for for what is big or small, but I I think it's more about the feeling- and I think, we've all felt like it's small before penis size is kind of like in the in the in the heart and soul, yeah right more than the physical body, yeah yeah, it's like yeah go ahead. I'm sorry just cut you off chad go ahead. Please! Oh, no! No worries, uh yeah! It's like, I think, I've. You know when I heard the first heard the term bellend, which is a british term. You know it's like there's like you know, sorry to be crude, but there's the you know the shaft and the bell, and I was like well. I just have a bell. You know, there's no end, it's just the bell and there's all right. That's right and I kind of knew you know you talked about erect. You just have a tip or like uh, I think flask. I think I think, there's a little bit more length, there's a little bit more shaft during the erection phase. Yeah yeah that'd be a hell of a thing if it was just a big mushroom, tip yeah, but yeah ones get a little concerned. When we talk too much about our penises too, like they're, like don't tell the world, you have small dongs, like you know like they get worried about it, like you know like whoever we're dating or like you know, girlfriends or so the implication even applies to the partner yeah. What does it mean about them that they would be with a guy with a small opinion? What does it say about you? I think it speaks super highly yeah. I'm fired up, yeah you're, an ally like uh, because then there's almost like there's different categories of smallness right like there's an actual medical condition of micro penis, which I'm sure you guys are aware of, which is really and- and I don't mean to to really don't say this- to make fun of those with this condition, but like an erect penis is like the size of a jelly bean, so I don't know if you guys what a cool dude that sounds like yeah. You could be, president of whatever committee, we're in for sure the smaller your penis, the more prestige you have in the community. I think that's what we're hoping for yeah I mean back in antiquity days. There were small dogs were all the rage. You know, statue of david, I mean he's, got he's, got a tiny piece. Fires me up. He probably he was probably a grower, though, and for for us it's about it's about how you own it. You know what I mean like if you can, if you can be in front of a bunch of dudes and just pull out your jelly bean dick and have complete confidence about it, we'll admire you for for not being afraid of what you know. People would perceive as a shortcoming for you owning it like that, that's that's! What we're really encouraging yeah stand up and be like. I got a little dick, but on top of that I got all these other qualities and I won't be defined by what you think is a shortcoming. Yeah yeah literally shortcoming: yeah. Do you guys yeah? Do you guys have any tips with those with the with the small members like how like in terms of pleasing a woman, or do you find that size doesn't really even matter in terms of pleasure? I think I think just bring passion into it. Yeah bring all you have own who you are. You know uh to make my peace with it. I like how much streaking a ton you know. Legally, I guess it's legal uh. Do your pubes cover your entire penis or like do you trim the pubes to make it look bigger? I was sponsored by manscaped yeah. You are for real yeah yeah. So so that's why I tell you that my peeps are short dude yeah yeah, because when you got a small and you got a small one, you really got to trim the pubes down to give it like the biggest chance to flourish. Yeah like astro, turf, yeah for sure yeah. I would tell those dudes to just be a lot of fun. I think just be a lot of fun and then yeah. That's what matters the most to people is, if they're having a good time, yeah yeah they have this the sex with. Like the penis part. That's like I don't know, that's that's! That's a small part of the whole picture. Yeah people focus on that completely, but the other stuff matters just as much. If not more yeah. I think that's great. I really do well. You guys are inspiring uh yeah. I mean there's so much you guys take on there's so much. You guys stand for, I mean, do you have new videos in the makings or um anything yeah social justice there's some other causes that were yeah. What I mean yeah, we're kind of like in the in the middle, in the in between stages right now, um, we're thinking about you know handing out mass in different parts of the country um, and then that would be interesting yeah, and then we were thinking about something with the skate parks, um like they shut down the skate parks or they put sand into the skate park. So we wanted to oh that's not well hold on. They did that to prevent covid right. So I kind of wonder where's your heart on that one yeah. Well, we we're it's complicated, yeah, we're on the side of safety for sure um, but I think we just want. We just want the city, we know. Skaters are hurt right now and they feel kind of like personally attacked, even if that's just an emotional response, it's how they genuinely feel- and we just want the city to show skaters that that their hearts are with them as well. You know we want to just get everyone on the same page and then chad actually had a genius idea like 2020 bad [. __ ] just keeps happening and I think we're all getting kind of used to just the unexpected and we want to be prepared for it. So chad had this fire idea for a phone pit, yeah so uh during during the the quarantine. I've been studying, uh astrophysics a lot and I was like you know, an asteroid could hit any day and you know with like the pandemic. We're like did you say uh, so we're like an asteroid could hit any day and we need to be prepared for it and like it's like how do how do dirt, bikers brace their falls when they're trying out new tricks, foam pit, so I'm like, if we just built a huge foam pit um. I think that could help with the asteroid debacle. So you so it's almost like you could play in it and then once the asteroid comes and it's like everybody got a foam pit. We gotta absorb this asteroid yeah. I need to think about the playing in it part two. I guess we could you know yeah, you could you could huck some corworks threes in there and then when the asteroids come and just bail? Now let me ask you this question. Um, you know the asteroid. We don't necessarily know where on the earth it will hit. So how do you guys maneuver the the foam pit to intercept that asteroid's impact, so good question um, you just can tell it just tell it yeah what if it's in the middle of the ocean, uh? Well no one's using cruise ships right now, so we could put on a cruise ship. Oh good, call dude! Oh, that is a really good call. Actually yeah yeah just got on a carnival cruise liner carnival cruise saves the world yeah yeah they could use the boost. Did you guys hear there was like a a cruise ship that that finally went back out to sea and they immediately had a corona virus outbreak? I did see that really yeah yeah, it's awesome. Yeah I mean who would go on a cruise right now. That seems like a suicide mission yeah, our eagerness seems to be getting us into trouble with some of this stuff. Yes, yeah yeah and my mom was actually on the cruise ship. The one of the princess ones like in like february, really um, oh yeah, like the so she was on so there's that one that got stuck out. Are you vaping off the screen or what I'm sorry to interrupt you, chad, but yeah, I'm so sorry, I get the feeling that the jk is doing something off screen, I'm curious about it keeps dipping up. I was too embarrassed to do it on screen. I can't do it. What are you doing, you're hitting a jewel or what yeah I got a jewel. Just show me: okay, [Laughter], uh yeah, so they're the the two princess cruises. So there's the one. So she was on the one before there's, there's one that got stuck outside of san francisco for like a week, yeah and a bunch of people. I got kobe but she's on the cruise before that on the same ship. So she was on it a week before and I guess three or four passengers had corona, but they didn't tell anyone on the ship, so they found out man. They found out like uh weeks after um, so yeah, I'm I'm I'm grateful that she was she she got out yeah safely, but it was scary. I remember she was like yeah, because before I was like she's like I was like telling I was like. I don't think you should go on this cruise because, like corona, like some ships, are getting stuck out at sea for like 10 days like that sounds horrific and she's like well. They won't, they won't refund the ticket. So it's like a whole yeah. That was an especially crazy time because nobody even understood what it was or like how deadly it was or what it meant to have it. So being one of those early, uh infections was especially kind of terrifying and strange. Oh yeah, yeah early on it was terrifying and you're just hearing so many stories about different things happening to people from like all age groups, and it was it was I'm grateful now. It seems like there seems to be a little bit more understanding as to how it works and what the probabilities are, but it's still a lot of uncertainty, yeah a lot for sure, which is surprising to me. I was like I thought I guess I was naive about science I was like. I thought science would have it all figured out at this point like five months in, but it seems like uh. I don't know it's just a it's a more tricky process than I would have anticipated. Yeah yeah. I think the fact that it seems to be mutating a lot so there's different sort of like uh. Do you call it strains out there or types? So it's um like it yeah, which is that that's scary too, though, like if there's a vaccine, I don't even know the science but like that, it's changing too. So people need to be prepared on all angles, I guess and how it hates different people so differently. It's also really yeah really wild yeah yeah. Some people get like the regular d. Some people get like regular coffin and some people get like the double espresso shot and you're like, but they seem like healthy you're, like yeah yeah, how it's different yeah. Well, I'm glad you guys are out there doing activism because it is, I mean it's, it's a really important issue and I'm glad to see you guys are kind of even moving forward to bigger issues. I mean if we think kovit's bad, just wait until the asteroid comes right, so yeah yeah glad to hear you guys are working on that. I know you guys have a hulu show in the works. What is going on? Congratulations on that I mean that's great fantastic! Thank you! Uh yeah! I don't know we can't dive into the creative too much, but it's uh, but it's an animated show. What's up animated, show um set in ancient greece uh two two bros greek gods for dads yeah dads are like. Oh, you guys are like demigods orwell, yeah yeah, that's epic yeah, it's epic, literally, and so we're uh. It's been fun too, because we've just gotten I've, always loved greek mythology and we've got to dive back into that world and, like the gods, are like kind of dumb and and have a lot of like flaws, but they're. You know all powerful too, which kind of reminds us of the dads. We grew up with right and uh, not specifically our own, but like just you know, like yeah, yeah and then um and yeah. We and we loved like the oc and stuff, and it feels like a kind of world that could get mapped over in ancient greece too wow. I can't wait to see that what do we have some kind of release date, uh uh in mind? Is this something you guys are currently working on yeah? It's still super early. We gotta get to our money, but we're optimistic yeah. So you guys still have time to both work on this show and continue to make your videos for sure yeah at the moment. At the moment, yeah, I think I think yeah we always kind of have like multiple projects going and once so uh we're pretty good at multitasking. I guess but yeah, I think chad works really really hard. I always have to say this, but he like is like a the hardest working guy. I've ever met, so I I have full confidence. You can get it all done, yeah. I I do love working for some reason. Yeah, you say he'd get him all the time you make it sound like you're, not helping at all jt. No. I hope I help a lot. I do a lot yeah, but but if, if I had my druthers we'd, just kick it yeah yeah yeah, I know that I'm that type too ela kind of motivates me um. How do you you guys are mostly on instagram? The views on youtube are criminally low. In my opinion, I hope that everyone goes and subscribes and watches there. But how do you guys make a? Where do you guys get your income, mostly um from our podcasts? We, like all the podcasts, you guys have a really popular podcast right, yeah, yeah, five appearances different different, like deals that we've made um yeah. We worked various jobs on our way up to, and then I mean I was I was spoiled too. My parents would still hook me up with cash and stuff, so that made it a lot easier. I got more a lot more swings at the plate than most people get um, but but now we're actually doing well with the stuff we've been working on. So we have a couple different revenue channels. That's awesome, yeah. I'm happy to hear that. I wish you guys all the continued success. I can't wait for that. Show that sounds great. The activism great I'm a huge fan of youtube, not just bros, but like the good bros, the theo you guys are the alpha of the beta you're, not the betas you're, the omega bros. I would like to dub you guys all here today. I mean yeah. Well, thank you! That's nice dude! Well, I'm a huge fan of you guys, so this has been such an honor to come on. Yes, you're, really fun uh, so yeah we loved your performance or your appearance on the howard stern show which was yeah. That's really epic! I like how howard's such a fan of you guys, because, like he's not really it's totally out of his lane in terms of stuff, he usually talks about but yeah. Somehow he just has discovered you guys and has this affinity. I find that true of a lot of other people, though, like ellen you know, I mean it's kind of bizarre. How you guys boo, I feel like- and I don't mean this in a bad way. You guys really resonate with boomers yeah. We we seem to have a a wide range like yeah, we'll do like there's a wide range yeah they'll be like like. If we're in new york, like finance, bros will be like fired up, you know it is and there's like moms love us. You know it's. It's pretty uh! It's pretty cool that this sort of uh, it's not just like 18 to 25 year olds, it's it's sort of like like when we first hit. We did like a uh a a speech at like a a lunch at disney for, like disney lawyers for like disney, can I say that jt yeah, absolutely yeah yeah for like disney lawyers they're like we love your stuff, it like helped us get through a deal like that's awesome, yeah we're waiting for like a dictator to like our stuff, and then we can go over there. Well, china is pretty close yeah yeah, that's yeah yeah, north korea, yeah they're hot in north korea, [Laughter], and also also you guys have a a podcast that that's doing fantastic uh, going deep with chad and jt available everywhere. Oh, you guys have a patreon excellent. I gotta hop on over there. Yeah we've been a little uh, not great about the patreon patreon go support them directly. Yes, god damn it right, yeah yeah, not so angry, maybe well guys. I wish you all the continued success in the world and I'll be following closely watching your every move. Dude. Thank you yeah! Thank you yeah! It's so fun to be on I'm such a fan. So thank you. It's uh! It's been great to talk to you guys. I appreciate you saying that really nice to meet you guys. We love your content. Yeah all right guys well take care likewise and uh. We love you so yeah so be safe and god bless and keep those small dicks keep those small dicks. You know: do you guys ever do exercises to prolong your dick? I know there are things you could do. Dude I wasted years of my life trying to find ways to make it bigger, and I just at some point had to accept it is what it is, because there's so many remedies out there, but I get the feeling. None of them work right, yeah. I don't think any of them dig: pumps uh! I know I think that's the football player used to hang dumbbells from it. Does that work, because I feel like that'll, probably just make you impotent yeah. I think it's good for mental toughness, but I don't think it has any other benefits right sure I feel like that's, focusing on the wrong um, taking the wrong approach about it. Acceptance yeah, yes, acceptance and um. Well, sometimes, before you get to acceptance, eli, you gotta tug on your dick for eight hours a day. [Laughter] all right, guys, appreciate y'all, take care lots of luck. Everything else thanks guys all right! Thank you. Thank you. Meet you guys so great to meet you bye. You.