- welcome Super Trouper army. This is your general foolish Maximus. Today we go to war with along our side, our comrade Chris Delilah, that's right in the words of Oliver tree, also known as Chris D'elia, yes known as Chris D'elia, but for Oliver tree Chris de la creme of mine with that ultimate death, yeah yeah. That is the ultimate diss for me that it really is. Thank you to our sponsors ring and me undies. Now, Chris is a hilarious comedian. I'm sure you guys all know him friend of the show. This is his third time being on come on tickets, he's on tour, Chris, D'elia, dot-com, slash tour he's got a new Netflix special coming out that he's recording on the 9th follow the leader of the month of November, neither November 9th of some undescribed month. Second season of you on Netflix is coming up soon. You're starring in action movies was that snider, it's all happening or Chris D'elia. It's a good time to be Chris D'elia, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah. It feels good I'm going to Albuquerque to do I. Don't even know do you know so all right! So do you know about the stuff with Albuquerque that happened with me? You had beef, oh yeah I mean yeah, you don't know so all right, so you're trash-talking, all I'm, a talented boy, yeah I was just being silly, but so I just wrote on on Twitter, something like Albuquerque makes Jacksonville seem like paradise, or something or Narnia, and it's not good I, don't even well yeah. It's amazing right. All the talking animals, so I did so. I wrote that on Twitter and then the next day I was in the news in Albuquerque. They were like comedian, bashes Albuquerque, and then they interview people on the street and they're like yeah I. Don't know why he'd say that I'm, like you, don't so then on my podcast congratulations, I talked about it. Huh me the news was just hilarious. To me, I mean it was so funny to me and then I made another segment on the news later. It was like he talked about it on his podcast and the Despero man helped and I was like you I'm talking about how shitty the city is you're, proving it yeah I'm. The headline like that nothing's happening, and so when I got this Zack Snyder movie army of the Dead, which is you know, I've my fans know you know, I, don't think it's out there in the world, but my real fans know I've I want to do action. I tell my ages are like dude a lot of these comedies that you put me out for, like you know, I bet. The best version of comedy for me is gonna, be my stand-up. You know like dude. Let me do some something give me the gun or something so they finally got this thing and and I and I I. Never liked and I was like it takes place in Vegas I was like dude I get to go to Vegas for like two months and just kind of like develop a drug addiction or like you know, and something fun and, and they were like no shoots in Albuquerque. Not like are you I mean I, I'm, sure I mean people on the street in LA will be like hey, what's up with Albuquerque I'm sure in Albuquerque, it's more of a thing. It was on the news: you are like a household name: there yeah an Albuquerque, that's New, Mexico yeah, that's like a little in the cuts. People get a little weird and wild out there. Dude I was there last week to do the fitting and everything and all that and meet all the guys and and I walked down to the hotel lobby and I was like hey. Where can I get something to eat and they're like no and I was like what they were like? It's just there's nothing closed and I'm like it's like a 10:30, you know, and now it's go back up the hotel so I. Let me check Yelp, you know, and so I check, Yelp and there's a place open. I was like okay, I called you guys, still serving yet till 1:00. So I was all right cool, so I go down, I get an uber I go down to the hotel lobby and I was like hey mmm, just asking you because I don't know this area really I'm going to this spot. Whatever it was, is it safe I, don't know? Is it a bad neighborhood and the guy in the lobby goes like this? Ah, no, it's it's a perfect. It's fine I was like okay cool, just check it. I've known I did I told the story of my pockets ready, but so so I was like okay, cool and so I get in the uber. The uber driver says: hey. Are you Kristalina and I was like yep and I use like how cool I was like? Ah nice, you know and then he's like I was like he's like you know: I, don't normally do a goober driving I, just I do it at night, but in a day time a crime scene, investigator yeah and in my head, I I immediately. Think well, no you're, not that's a high. It's not like yeah you're, not a brain sir. You know talking about brain surgery money, but you got it made like a degli money, yeah yeah, so I'm like all right yeah, so I was like so I'm going to this spot. He's I got the spot in the thing: okay, cool and then he's like man. It's crazy. Seven people were shot here last week. He's like I worked the case not like the guy just said it was a fine neighborhood. Seven people got shot, that's a real story. Did you check the crime report? No I was like you know, and how was the food? It was fine, it was tacos, it was fine, it should have been. You know, honestly. Maybe should've been better because it's like a Mexico taco. Okay. So that's the trick about New, Mexico, I. Don't think they're I think you want Old Mexico for the video I know it's a bunch of white people. I know yeah I'm problem, yeah I mean they're, yeah, yeah yeah a lot a lot, a lot of I. Don't I, don't know man we'll see I'm gonna be there for two months. It leads. Did you got some great stories? Man I think, there's gonna be some beef I think you have to lay low a little bit yeah. Well, you should stoke the flames, while you're there too well I'm here and you're here, [ __, ] come fine, I mean knowing me yeah yeah, you know, I'll do something like I wanna I thought about, but is there something funny I could shoot there or whatever, because you don't like the mayor, yeah, so I'm gonna, you know, fly product the producers out there and you would dare I got to do it. You know why not keep up to date mm-hmm, so you totally moved for two months right, yes, yeah I mean I. Keep saying like are there spots where I can come back and forth and like we don't know the whole schedule, mm-hmm I get it it's a big production, yeah dude! That's that is super. Exciting I read this obnoxious girl and it sounds like so much fun. Yeah, it's a zombie quarantine, yeah in Vegas and I'll. Tell you what I like that, because whenever there's zombie movies they take over the whole planet, it's like how pathetic are we as human beings? They quarantine, reyga's great. That means that's I like that. Okay, you guys go into the quarantine on a heist. Yeah I, don't know how much I can say. So you say that what I read someplace yeah but and I'm like man, that sounds like a lot of fun: Zack Snyder who's up like made so many incredible films, I mean I, am super excited yeah, yeah, yeah I mean I. You know, I just wanted to do action. That's what I wanted to do. That's what I want to do. I want to continue to do that. I'll call me just straight action: I mean you want to be. You want to be an action star, yeah 100! You want to be what about it. This was John Reeves. Those guys are mine, like Keanu Reeves, yeah, just cuz, you can go from Bill and Ted. Do you know John Webb yeah, even like Nicolas, Cage, I love, those kind of movies where he's just like you know like like face off like those movies, like no good you seen face off, you know it's. You know it's like it's so good. Let me tell you the plot yeah, a superstar cop and one of the most notorious criminals in the world. I. Don't remember why this happened, but their faces get transplanted. Why on earth would that happen? There's no legitimate reason, but their faces get transplanted, so the criminal goes and sleeps with the cops wife, yeah and the cop thing, with his homies face off literally metaphorically. Oh man, it's like it was a Michael Bay, Michael Bell. Oh, that makes sense. It's gotta be a Michael Bay right. It's John, Woo jeonbu directed yep. That's a wolf li! Okay! It's too complex for bit! Oh I'm thinking about! What's the one where the yeah what's the prison where they go to prison, the yes! That's me, the rock I think that's highbrow birthday! That's the babe made the Ross yes, but face off. Is a man that movies good? That's right because face off had the white, the doves that Flynn the change on boys were had with the doves and like they go all the way like the criminal goes and his wife. You know with his face on and- and you get she's like hella into it like he doesn't. She doesn't realize that his whole body's different yeah, really buddy's yeah, oh yeah, their bodies different right, what just face or body off, but he a different body. Yeah yeah, no I! Well, that if you those kinds of movies, yeah, hell, yeah and I, think it's because in my head, like when I was like younger and I thought about it, I was like how cool would it be to do stand-up comedy, but also like imagine. If Jason Statham did stand-up comedy like the contract, it would make no sense. It would make zero sense. That was what I want to do: you're conquering to the left and right, yeah and I. Don't want to be like I'm, not talking about action movie like what's that one with Mark Wahlberg and nobody comedies yeah yeah I'm, not talking about I'm talking about taxes, hanging yeah the end of it. That's what a helicopter and so I started. Working out hard you know and I was like I was I hate to my agents. I was like dude I'm, not good I'm, not gonna, not get action because of me bro mmm-hmm I'm doing all I can so I got a little bit more beefy, you know, and then they were like. Alright, you know and then so the beef help. Do you think the beef got you there, I, don't know how did they end up like shirtless pics uh? They had taken pictures of your new naked I mean you've been yeah, I mean I. Always post I always have always posted with my shirt off, because I think it's funny. But you know now that right, I've been working out a little bit more people like oh your pose was assured. I was like dude I, always do it yeah yeah, that's true! It doesn't change the context when you get jacked yeah yeah. What am I off? Hey? You know that's funny in a sense when you get jacked, you got to start like wearing your shirt mark to know people like. Oh what you bought you yeah yeah, but it's funny so I don't know. I just want to run around with a gun because it was so who's. Your idea of the favorite act of the perfect action stars, a kyon, oh yeah uh-huh, is my favorite because he's like I, really like Bruce Willis too, but he's kind of as much as I. Think Tom Cruise is such a ding-dong he's. So good, though he's a great actor yeah. He really is I mean people just hate on him because he's the big it was the biggest. What it maybe still is. You know, but he's well yeah that too, because he's a psycho yeah, but but every movie is so good yeah. What look that's what the think the thing about Keano is like he's been famous as long as anybody really has been famous right and I always think like if you've, if you've been famous for that long, you you have to be crazy. Everyone is always just like, like mega famous yeah, a list for 30 years there he is I, know, and so with Tom Cruise, it's like people say he's crazy, yeah, but I get it he's knows an Cruise forever. It's not your goal. I would be I'm I'm already feeling you know. A deal is like. Are you looking to join Scientology in 10 years? I am all that I'm looking at creative one I mean yeah Tom, you gotta outshine time in the crate, Tom and the crazy yeah mom I want to be the baby ala. L ron, hubbard guy yeah cuz tom, is like best friend with the main guy. You want to replace them and I'm the main guy yeah yeah I'll get other guys coming up all like I'm like it's like those guys who go to high school and watch the basketball players like that's what I'm doing a younger acting. Oh, my god, yeah he's got some talent right. I need that Tom! Cruise right, you know, I could see it. I feel like you can I think you I think I'm just trying to get a cult man for real, fantastic. Well, your future's, looking bright and I can see you're a little more unhinged than the last year. So that's. Why do get more comfortable with you guys for yeah yeah? Let me speaking of getting comfortable. Let me show you this video and you just don't know what you think: I love watching videos and problem, because they're super nice super need use so called attacks. Progress is absolutely, and you know, as acceleration it's not the problem which I can I. Can it's all with the little mites command, but mmm bike acronyms difficulty both see that the probe is silly picked up on Titan, murmurs Oh curse me there's a better than that silly. But are we in see a doctor employ means to me Korea, yes, use up. Your second sign is isn't often homies. Now so can I go see a lawyer but Ottoman and play up I see a nice return. You're gonna, probably that's the boxes on bail, sooo I mean you probably survived, but that I said no two seconds on the clock. You almost made it what oh wow that's hard to do. Dude he had three seconds on the clock: bro he almost made it that huge show a countdown to see how long you can go without open your mouth. Welcome to not draw it up. You see we can go one minute without the grown open. Your mouth we've got the most nervous guys in the planet. You know what it looks like the whole time it looks like he is so it looks like this guy is the real looks like he's the first guy that can actually like turn into a werewolf, and it's like he's like it happened like three times before I've had the serum and like I, don't have it on me and he's trying so hard. He said it's my body, I know that I cannot turn into it if I just calm down, but the clock is with him he's like. Why is this clock even on this and he's like almost there and then after it cuts after he almost after this? That was like he got it. He just swallowed. It he's like okay, I'll, be human I love that he soldiered through that and I would like to have seen her face. Yeah, that's true, that's a good point, but what does it count down for I saw what I think it is. Is it's like a political show. You know where they're like it's a hot, take all right. I give him three minutes. Okay, like there's the beginning, yeah we've got four minutes, it's a hot. Oh, it's four whole minutes and the almost made it he's like just don't feel it's just zombies may make a good politician because he's willing to make the difficult choice. Oh yeah, you know they man and condemn sure dude I'll tell you what if that was I would have meat all over myself, yeah I would have picked on. It would have made it to her yeah it uh III, wouldn't even a try would have just been like that is really uh Wow. So is he like a viral sensation, now I think he's the president now I think he's the president of Finland yeah Wow, that's hilarious! How many views Wow? That's a classic bloody look. It was a full mouth. Oh my goodness. Oh my I think he's got some kind of genetic thing because he looks like he's halfway to Stephen Hawking. Maybe I bet he was so nervous yeah, but he was nervous, like I saw in the reddit comments that apparently the see. That's not funny, though, before that he's got a problem, yes, yeah on it I mean. Can it be funny theater problem, it's less funny, it's less fun! Yeah I wish he was just a regular guy yeah. What up for that cuz? Then it's like cuz, then you can identify with it too, because like I'm, a regular guy, alright and I will be so funny. If that happened to me, congratulations on on getting fifty thousand uncanny highest. Cameo. Remember in fact, I've got the link here. Yeah I have to tell you you know you can book me for fifty thousand dollars. I was I, was kind of upset because I've been I've been around with cameo and I goof on kami a lot and when I saw that I was a little bitter, so I I would ask them alright Sawyer, because they they probably do to you -. They do - everyone. They email me and yellow. Like a thousand times a week, I talked about I'm apart cuz. They text me and they text you. Oh that's, cuz. You signed up. Yeah I signed up yeah. What do they say? Um, hey! You want to put your logo right, yeah, you wanna Laurie, right yeah, because I started it I was like well I, I, think I started for $1,000, that's the max and I didn't know it was the Matt or maybe I did I. Remember, because I and so I was like I'm not doing this for less than $1,000 and I started getting booked like like eight nine times really yeah yeah, you do him. So I did one and then I just felt weird. It's that I just was like I'm, not gonna, do him anymore and then I would get booked and they were like and by the way I didn't know that they make 25% of it. Mm-Hmm then I was like also I'm only making 750, not only but and then I was like and then I was and then it kept being like you got. Booked it's gonna expire and I was like yeah and I. Just felt I felt I felt like I'm well, first of all, I'm not gonna, do it for $30, because it's just not worth it for me. Well yeah, but then $4,000 then I feel bad yeah yeah charging people that so so so I was like I just didn't do him and then I was like it sucks I can't make it more and I did it on my podcast and some of the people on cameo list of my podcast cuz. They they talked to me about it and and then somebody wrote me and said: hey we put it to $50,000 for you and I was like what and I'm now it won't go bad if somebody gets that I won't feel bad because you have a lot of money you're getting that. So there are no bookings. Well, that's what I like being on there but, as you said, put to Moe's ridiculous and I. Don't want to take $1,000 for ya fans to be like hey, hey, while I'm taking a dump, be like hey guys, yeah, congratulations! I! Just don't get! I was looking at this on my podcast I. Don't get why people like I know these people make money? Okay, so I wanted to look over this with you, because you bring that up yeah, but at any rate, um I was like give me a hundred thousand I'll sign up for cameo right. Any SEC done that yeah, the intern he's like done and then I signed up and he's like sorry, my boss says I can't give you a hundred. No, no! No! That will delete my account. Yeah I got I, guess yeah yeah. But let's, let's start from the top Caitlyn Jenner is the I guess the number one real right 2500 she she lint she lists her icon or her. Her occupation is icon sure. What else does she I do accept chill I, don't know, she's a show right. It's very self completa wonder if she wrote that about I want to change mine to Lord, but like Caitlyn Jenner is rich. Oh yeah, that's all Kevin O'leary, the Kevin O'leary. He literally is a billionaire whoa he's a sharda part of me was like maybe maybe they're doing it, because it's like fanservice, but what a Vance service for $1,000 do it for free man. Yes, exactly so what I'm saying? Maybe they thought? Maybe they thought I spent time thing about this? Maybe they thought that it was making them more famous to just beyond like it was a brand thing. You know I'm saying that's the only thing that makes sense to me. No and it's like oh you'll have to have an Instagram. Maybe they are thing all you have to have a cameo I mean because I'm amazed at the breadth of people Brett, the guy makes money broke. Chris Harrison I've been watching my Bassam. Oh did he create don't wonderful? He hosts millionaire he's on bass, okay, but he pops you watch bachelor. Not he! Pops in for two seconds is the dumbest ready, yeah he's rich he'd, the dudes on TV, going down, let's see but like Carrie page I can't get over this hi hi. Imagine her in her $500 in her fifty million dollar mansion hi, it's Caitlyn, Jenner it'd. Be kind of, but that's the thing, though, like you'll be kind of crazy to get one from her like whoa like, but these are girly cuz she's, probably just watching TV with the sound on you know what I mean like dude, these guys Charlie Sheen bro like let's look up some net worths. Well, he might have went bankrupt, but by the way is making money like Helen mr. wonderful net worth you know it was that 400 million don't know like what's going on here, really Caitlyn Jenner. Are these guys just natural-born hustlers? You know what I mean. Maybe 100 million this guy's, like dude I'm, not gonna, decline the opportunity to make a thousand rounds yeah, that's how he is yeah. Surprise, Bill, Gates isn't on here: Billy Zane, when the lost some heard that name that gotta be 500, he's gonna, yeah he's gotta have money, though no go down, keep going down, I, don't know! If Billy Zane super rich Billy Zane net worth Alaska, my summon was in Zorro dude about 20 million. Nah he's you think, that's generous yeah I think that's generous till it was in Titanic, but but minor role, yeah. What we got here again. This is another shark bro Robert yeah. What is this the most expensive? Why am I not up to time I want to say you got blue, bald you're, not number one yeah, they don't they're with me. They excluded you. They just want to get your ass down. How many orders you get it just zero I definitely have zero Gary Busey. That would that one would be worth the iced tea iced tea come on, he's been in SVU for 334 watches, 3,018 20, Tommy Lee. Look at this homey from the office. Look at that, but there's a guy who, probably you know, yeah, that's a that one's worth. So it's Terrell, Owens I, bet that guy I. Doesn't he didn't? He squander all his money like I? Don't I, don't really know. Actually another honor bar balls yeah see that some of them make sense. Oh the guy yeah that makes sense who's, Beth, she's a shark too and she's also on the Desperate Housewives there. You know what I'm noticing my desperate but the Housewives of Beverly Hills. It's pretty you've been watching. You know all the Sharks up here, I wonder if they have some kind of deal with cameo I mean Brett Favre, dude, Brett Farr some row. What are you doing? I mean it's. It's I love looking through this list. This shit's making me want to up my price trip. Oh Donald, you got Trisha Paytas, god bless normies her norm. Baby he's got to get paid, I, don't think I think norm got shafted I, don't think he's rich, nor makes good money doing stand-up, though, for sure does he sell big audiences I mean big enough to where you're making. Definitely my point five million. You probably also not. It probably also gets odd gigs where it's like, oh they're, big fans. They want to fly without you and $200,000, and this is when it starts getting weird. When you got the Billy Baldwin yeah, yeah yeah. This is when it starts getting. You got me. Oh I want to get Neil, I, told them. I told people I'm Park as I get neo to say: you've got Lance Bass here yeah, you know this homie, you got Colton, it was the bachelor last season. Okay, you've got Kevin from the office, but the Colton was a good guy to have it Riley, because what the is he gonna do that guy's broke write a book yeah, that's not gonna get braver anyway. You get the idea, but there's some really funny ones. You can really oh look at this. You got the tick. This is incredible. Her eye concert with her Ted out from the office. Well, a lot of office, people huh yeah they're. All up here, too man, Ernie, Hudson, chocolate, dough, Robert, Robert, toffee, Wow it'd be pretty cool. There's people I get it it's really the ones I, don't billionaires, billionaires yeah, but it's it's a weird bear. There's the perfect guy to get on it right here. Oh Chumlee, the guy from Ponce bro, obviously has no butt Oh yo Chumley is the richest dude from that show how he made some kind of company that went mega Craig. Oh really, oh I'm, wrong! 5 million! Well, are you pretty good I mean it's pretty good, huh? Well, yeah I thought he was richer, it does say. Is there a girl here wrote Chumley is richer than what you think. Yeah show's been on for a bit right, yeah yeah. For some reason, we still always watch that in Israel yeah. Never I was at helix parents house. You know it was always on yeah I, don't know what kind of crazy. Anyway there you have yeah, but I wanted to tip I want to let you know the Cameo. People are not respecting your well, your pay, yeah I doubt even if they were I, would he ever get booked for $50,000. You should book yourself just to all, but then I'd have to give them. So if you, if anyone's listening from cameo I, would sign up for a hundred thousand and I I would, if you asked me to do one I'll, do it and I've been for $50,000 and I will take your money yeah like straight up and buy cool for me mm-hmm. You know, I'll give a little to charity. I! Guess you know, because that would probably right these are you donate to charity? Um I do like a benefits and doing stand-up that had announced yeah should I do like that. I do want to I. Do want to start something though I've been thinking about a lot lately like I want to start some kind of foundation or something you know. Oh, that seems like a whole night. I I know that's the getting like dude I'm I'm like I, don't want to do more work, but then, like really a foundation. What would you add or I don't know see it's more work for you, I know I. What are you got to pay someone a management all and I? Don't I, don't have I'm not like I, don't have like I, don't I, always think of like people who do that like super-rich, Bill, Gates yeah, like I, don't have obviously that kind of money yeah I'm doing well, but, like you know, it's like I think it's because it doesn't require so much right, yeah and you don't want to mess with out. You don't want to do it wrong yeah. So you have to have someone legit, yeah, yeah I would just donate to like st. Jude's or something kids. We yeah, sir yeah yeah yeah yeah- that because that's just yeah but I I do want to do something like that, though, eventually well, if you can one day have you know: Tom Cruise, money, Tom Cruise net, oh yeah, yeah and you you know, I, don't know how 570 million bro Tom Cruise yeah hell bro just an actor. But how much do you money? Do you want? How much do I want yeah in life yeah like a fall? So if I reach this number I'd be like I'm done right, making money, yeah, I! Think the number for me would be see. People are gonna think like dude you're, so out of it yeah. But who cares well? What do they know? Wearing Gucci slides, probably 20 million yeah? Well I always thought like that is like, because then you can do whatever you want: I'm, never restricted by money. If you ask the normal person, no they'd say that I think a normal person would say lower because they don't understand how much it cost to live the lifestyle that I enjoy right. But if aunt Dan, Dan and Zach, how much money would you need to be like I'm done working? If you could ignore this conversation? Well, not do you want you don't need to worry about money over again, you can do whatever you want. Life, yeah I would I would say something lower. I, probably just say like a million bucks and you don't understand, see ya a million I'm, not gonna, go out and buy gucci slides, yeah, but doesn't thing if you had a Milosz, you would buy that again. Okay is any in, but that's what I thought I think plebs like Dan would say one or five million I think that would be called debt. Let me tell you million bull a million, but you're gonna be back to go back to work in two years, absolutely set the bar higher, but also keep in mind we're talking about living in LA, which is yeah, but that's the world. You got it, you gotta have enough money to live anywhere. That's the data! That's true! If you want to have a nice house part of family, that's a question: that's what uh in LA, how much well in LA it's at least a million is a to be on so family, so seriously in LA. It's true! This I think! If you want a nice house, a nice single-family house in LA, it's like 1.5 yeah. One starts at one point from yeah. So if you want to live a life where you can drop whatever your fridge, all your not working, you can go wherever you want. Whenever you want you first clock in about first class, you want to go on a trip till done. You want to go on a trip to Fiji. You want to go on a trip. Whatever die. Nanny is 20, 30 grand you want to go to our first class to Singapore, that's 20, grand yeah yeah, so so 20 grand has to mean nothing to you exactly and if you're Amelia have a million-dollar swing, there's a lot of money. So if you have one email, what's your number for me to be like I, did it you're gonna, it's gonna be really high. You have to be a hundred million dollars and nobody's gonna still I would still be like I could lose this yeah no you're. Right though it would people don't understand how that's possible, but they're, not wearing cootchie slide. Yeah and I must show shoes where you these ones, aren't aren't too too expensive how much ordinary one retail 160. Maybe, but did you buy everything I? Don't even you got rocket yeah I, don't even remember I! Think I, don't even remember so. If you bought a shoe for $300, would that be? Would you consider that expensive, no yeah right, but it is yeah for sure yeah, but that's the that's see that's the difference! Zaki nian! What's your number I think I got agree with Chris hundred million. Just something I like to call you money because, like you can that's just at a level of beyond you know cuz? Okay, so let me ask a question who said 20 million or who said 1 million? Is man yeah alright? Well, you know right now: you're, like yeah, actually like you're thinking. I are first ya, gotta, be like here's. The thing I, maybe I, didn't understand the question correctly, because you're saying just instantly retire: I wouldn't retire with a million. If I had its money, I play the markets, I would live and press it's the means where I'm saying the money to where you're like okay I'm done I, don't have to do whatever I want any time and I don't have to worry about running ever I want any time. Yeah then yeah I mean it would have to be higher than that yeah. What do you think about like eyeing a house? Will ya you'd be done? If you spend and don't forget, you got to pay tax pop with you. Oh I, don't pay taxes well yeah? Well, that's enough! It's a good is a very good. Well, that is a counterpoint. If you spend fifty thousand dollars a year which is easy to do in LA that'll last you twenty years Dan fifty and you'll be borough and $50. That's fifty! So that's all good man! Twenty years I said yeah exactly I'm 32, but you probably didn't want to spend more than that $50,000 a year in LA yeah, you could live comfortably off that you could live. You know yeah yeah, but Dan has a good mouth mates. That's what he's thinking are in this world house man, yes, yeah! Your dreams aren't even good right now that we have a kid is a thousand a month. Yes exactly diapers and what you're not realize like five hundred and I know what's right, and you know how much money it's like and like, because I would still do, stand-up I would still do it, but but right now, I I have to do it because it's my life, it's my make money but like I would still do it. Even if I had 100 million dollars, but I would be like yeah I don't have to you know, but then that's why you stopped painting and you be kind of like I love watercolors like well good. That's your true blessing in life like yeah. What the would? What would you do? You had a hundred moon doll. You keep doing this Parker problem, I mean what else am I good, yeah yeah, it's kind of like what else might be. I'm gonna sit home, play video games for three days, I'm gonna get so depressed and bored yeah, there's no I. Well, the work is the work. Is the life yeah? You you have this motivation, you're chasing. You want to get. You want to make money you I paid, and so you have this dopamine level. You have this chemical drive, you do it a hundred percent, so I think it's important yeah. My work is the life like my dad is like 71 and he is like I retire. Like he's not you know, I mean he's going he's still gone, but like he's just like I, don't get it guys talk about retiring he's like I. Just don't get it. What are you gonna do? Yeah? He still he can bend down touches. Tells you 70, but he's spry means it's like yeah. Whenever we like do nothing for a few days, I get so I know like oppress. It's depressing. Your body starts to hurt yeah. You just feel so like brain-dead I, don't know yeah and then you're like oh man. If I was retired, I'll just go play disc golf all the time and be so sweet. You go play disc golf watching. It's sucks, I hate being here. I know you know, and your free time is so much more fun like after this podcast I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna watch, TV, I'm, gonna cha, it's gonna be great yeah, because you know you did exactly that being said. I realistic number, one hundred million is a little high, but the prot thing is with twenty million dollars, but you could put that in a money market yeah sure at two-and-a-half 20 million you're making what true I don't know. Looking what what's the number for 45 right now, both telling you what brand of 20 million is about a year we gotta take a break just in it right. Okay, that's good man. Yeah that'll cover a couple of plane, tickets or, however, you your quality life is yes, eyeko yeah, we'll be right, back we're gonna, throw it to a break and then maybe I'll finally get an answer from Ian about what his cost his forty bucks, all right, we'll be back. All right ring is a product that I fully endorse that I am absolutely in love with and a product that was on Shark Tank, that all of the members passed on and now the owner of ring. The guy who went in there and pitched and got rejected is a shark himself wow. What a story? How did he become a shark? He made one of the best products ever made. Let me tell you about ring. First of all, you got the doorbell, you replace your old shitty doorbell with this high-tech slick stuff. It rings like a doorbell, but it's got a camera, a microphone and a sensor detector. You can calibrate talk to somebody who's. There get notifications when they show up anything a package, a surprise, visitor or planned visitor. You can do it all on your phone, here's the best part. Let's say: there's someone there to break into your house and they want to smash your ring. Well, that's too frickin bad because it beams up it uploads the video automatically as soon as it gets detected, and you will have it in the cloud there there is no going around it. I have got ring floodlights all around my house. It is a ring of protection that keeps me safe. I've got these heat. These super powerful, LED lights that blast anybody that comes near by puts it up. Dude I'm telling you if you care about security, if you want to know what's going around your neighborhood and around your house ring, is the ultimate product. I love it. Thank you so much for making this beautiful product and guys as a listener. You have a special offer on a ring starter kit available right now with a video doorbell and the motion activated floodlight cam, the starter kit has everything you need to start building a ring of security around your home, so just go to ring.com slash a tree. That's ring.com, slash age, 3 summer comes with a number of awesome, perks, vacation Beach days barbecues, but here's the one that we could all go without swampy, dick swampy balls thighs were the rub together, crotch and Grendel of chafing. Well, we've got the solution. Finally, and here's the problem: it's your underwear, because my undies has the softest most luxurious underwear. That's gonna change the game forever. It's gonna keep your balls ventilated. It's gonna, keep you fresh, but it's gonna keep everything going on down there just the way it is you're gonna feel like this mermaid. Your balls are gonna feel like this Merdan maim under the sea under the sea. I just got copyright clearing by Disney. Let's talk comfort, guys. Scientists spent countless hours in the underwear lab testing for the softest fabric than all of the land. What happens micro modal, which is a full three times softer than boring old? Cotton? Not only that, but you can match your bottom half with the better half and matching prints and colors. This is micro, modal. It's new technology! You guys cotton is ancient technology. The micro modal is the fabric of the frickin future dude. That's what this shit's made out of you looking for a hot new summer theme print. Well, they got a new one. Every Tuesday for frick sake. Mandy's also makes the South disallows pants in onesies. You've ever felt, onesies I can't speak guys I'm on like one hour sleep. Finally, you can match with your pup I'll. Finally, you can match with your pup, with their new buddy bands available in the same prints and colors as their undies this. What is button buddy bands? It's dog, clothes, okay, you can match with your buddy bands me on DS offers. Mandy's has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchasers when you purchase any me on these products. You get 15% off and free shipping hold on back up 15% off. That's right, 50% off a pair of the most comfortable undies that you will ever put on, and your dick and balls would never be swampy again. That's my personal guarantee to you not theirs. That's fine I and my back that with nothing to get 15% off your first pair of free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed I, guess that is their guarantee as well go to Mandy's comm /h 3. That's me, Descamps /h, 3 out we're back I want to clear the air a little bit. Yeah people think me and Ian are beefing, but okay, Ian just has a problem with the microphone. Cuz he's live switching so he's having a difficulty getting to the mic. I'm winded cuz I ran two feet. We got a run to the bathroom here, so I just wanted out. So in do we have beef? Are you upset at me? Are you mad? At me? People were specially rias. I can't stand this guy I'm kidding no beef. There's no beef! You walk in here. You could tell immediately there's no beef. Thank you. You know rumors swirl around the vegan office, no yeah! No, you know what I was thinking. No, what we were talking about would you could you ever be as a as a as a man like the guy who just chills like a dad that just shows at home like a stay-at-home dad yeah and the man and the MA, your wife I thought kills. It is kind of dreaming about that. It's always been my joy because you just said, but you just said: the work is the biggie right. Okay, but you have a job when you're stayed on that yeah, it's taking care of a kid like we've got a one-month-old. Yeah mother takes it. So so you would have work. You know right, you would have you have gold yeah right, okay, so it's a goal thing yeah, all right: cool yeah! You have like daily objectives, right, yeah or weekly objectives, thats, what's important, I, don't think I could ever do that. I could do it really I I could do it big-time? What would be so great spent be at home with it sure? No, you have it and you, and so you know what that looks like and heels like and I, don't so but I'm. But, of course it's not for everyone, it is you piece of by Nature, I, put you're, clearly you're, but you're, not not that's not funny and like I, genuinely feel that I know I, know, I'll tell you what you can do both that's the interesting part. Yeah Ethan can be lazy and like it can definite. It doesn't have that need to like oh I, gotta get out of bed at 10:00 a.m. like no you'll just stay in the bed. If there's nothing so we have a lot common. That way, because, like I some days like literally all I, do is go to the gym or and I. Don't even do you know bro, that's a lot! Yeah I! Get it a lot! No that's bad, but whenever you have to make a video and let's say, there's a deadline: you'll work, you'll stay up all night. If you need to all of sudden I'm I wake up at 7:00 and you're, not there you're, editing or I. Guess it's a problem of motivation or you're just really efficient. You work when you know you have to thank you really things about me. You're, a procrastinator I think you try to say in the kindest way. Well, the thing is, you know: if there's nothing, to do I'm, really bad I, guess at creating things for to do for myself, mmm right! Look if I don't have a deadline or something to work on I will just veg out the gym. Are you kidding I get it you don't worry later? No! No! It's not! It's like the thought of going to the gym will make just thinking about it will make me exhausted for the week yeah yeah, okay, yeah so and I, don't like it either. I'll veg out and I'll be depressed about it, but I don't have the will or the motivation to go. Do anything but I feel like for me, even if I know that we have nothing to do like I, don't know if something my parents put in my head, but it's like. Oh it's already like 10:00 a.m. I gotta get out of bed. Yeah I! Don't have that no problem! Yeah I used to feel bad sleeping, but now that I'm, a comedian I work nights a lot I'm travelling all the time once I I'll tell you this man I hope this helps people out there I would get sick if I get enough sleep I just straight up, don't get sick, hmm like I I, would wake up sometimes feel bad I'd be like oh I got to get up because I feel bad I. Sigh, I, I'm, gonna, oversleep and I would just get sick every now and then mm-hmm. If I get and I'm talking about nine hours of sleep, there's no way, there's no way. I'll get sick, mmm no way and if I miss, if I gotta get on an early flight and I got to go to perform and then I can't sleep with some water and then I'll get sick. Sleep is the number one thing for me: it's well, sleep is I. Think we under values- yes, world sleeping, is good for everything. By the way, your that we have to sleep for so long. It sucks. We had JB different brains, I know, but we got it bud. Bud. Do we own, but but it's like, but ok- and we live a long life too, compared to other creatures on this planet, but don't have to sleep. More dogs I definitely got and they don't even have big beautiful brains. You know what I'm saying well, the thing is no, the shredder la Vella. The thing is dogs, yeah dogs got dogs got but they're just bored by nature like what are they supposed to do? Yeah, yeah? No! Well, they were wolves. They were what I bet you wolves just when they don't have to eat they just shell. They just chill Yeah right. Yeah wolves are kind of, like probably they're kind of like us, probably because they're like but hey, I'm, real hungry. This is the dead. Laddie. Yes and I will die. You know what I mean yeah, but, yes, sleep is a powerful, beautiful thing. I do think we undervalue it like when you need sleep. The most in your life and you're, a child mm-hmm and school, is so punk. Dude waking up at 5:00 a.m. as a kid and I've never had such grueling hours of my life as when I was a kid and like middle school high school, and it's waivable your for me. It's way easier. Wake up early now, right like way easier because you need you need sleep more when you're overworked, but I was for real 14 I would have to wake up for school every day. I would be like how the am I gonna do this. How do people wake up yeah and the truth? Is you don't not know, and now I can I get it it's hard, but it's like all right. I got a I gotta get on this flight I'm will, because you don't want to go to school. That's one and I. Do it too and you're probably super underslept as a kid. You don't get enough sleep when you need a limo, no way yeah. If you want to watch all the shows and eat a cupcake and then you're gas, twelve, that's the important relay for a kid yeah. Then you got to wake up at six to go to school. You know yeah all my parents used to I. Let me tell you this dude never was I ever late, one time for school, never my parents! Every time they woke me up when I was in high school wake up the alright yeah. Alright, let me just hold on five minutes later: wake up, you're gonna be late. Dude I'm, not gonna, be late; I've, never been late, I've never been late. Maybe that's why you're gonna be late dude, my dad would come in with the washcloth Lord on my face. Oh my god. I've never been late to school. Why you treat me! You know why, like a prisoner war, because I think I'm gonna do that because you're up and you're the dad you're like my ass, is up I'm gonna make you hurt. Oh dude, I'm! Never gonna! Do that to my kids I wonder if we could not do that because it what you're saying is so smart, like trust him, it wasn't late until now, all right, why don't you say crazy, I! Don't waterboard! Wake up! You yeah I, know you're, never late! So I know you're doing you know what you're doing right right right and I'll tell you what I'll tell you. Why do it I, don't know, I tell you what banat your kid later on is gonna, be like look what you said once my my my parent one time out. Dude it used to drive me now is to wake up. Think I usually got mad I'd, be like dick Oh think I'm gonna be late, I've, never been late, I've should've never been late, the carpel comes, I, get in the car pool and I leave and I go there and I'm. Always there I've never been late, I, never cut class, ever bro, I, never cut class, okay, and so one time my dad wasn't home. He was not working somewhere and another another state, and my mom was she would even come in. She would just be like from her room Chris you gotta get up, never be like. We got mad and she's like oh yeah and I would just be in bed, be like yeah and I wasn't, and then she was like you, gotta be late. Everybody so I could even get back to sleep and so I got up started the shower and, as I was I can't believe. What I did this but I started the shower as I started, the shower I turned on the the faucet and as the water came out, I was like I hope. The water coming out is loud enough to drown this out and I said I. Think I said you really loud. My mom and I've never said that before ever and she didn't say anything I took the shower, I got a carpet, went to school and I got home later and I think my dad was home at that point and my dad was like I can't do anything for a week. You're grounded sounds like why he's you you I was like. Why did I think I was so tired and sleepy that I thought the shower coming out would drown out me screaming. You have done all that's that? No! No, when you're like I, didn't if I had a kid and they said my mom slow, montz yeah. She slapped me once I think I called her a [, __, ] or so yeah, but I was a little punk and I was like you're, a [, __ ] and she slapped the out of me is the only time I spoke like that. I knew it the moment. The words left my mouth yeah, yeah I know: I was like you bit. It started moving in slow-mo. She didn't miss a beat man made that letter, so scary, I, never even know your dad would get murdered. Women would dare that's like to even try your dad would bury you. Yes, Wow can't even think it. He wouldn't know see. That's amazing. How do you get that way? Well, you really know yeah yeah, yeah, cuz I want to be, but I'll tell you. My parents didn't give me too much. They gave me a lot of freedom and I was always late, I skipped class. Really, all that really but I mean I was fine. I got into college. You know that's the thing, though, like when I wasn't gonna. Do it your own way right when I would have I knew my boundaries? I was late and tardy and I was 18, so I kept my own. Oh right, right, right, I knew the boundaries I didn't get kicked out or anything yeah, because my when I was my like they would I totally lost my train of thought. My boundaries, I, don't know my I, don't know I, don't know what else well, they gave me all the freedom they gave me lots of you my own day, but let me show you this. Then: okay, yeah, close, stop coughing, stop coughing, I'm! Sorry, that's! Okay! What what this is a bathroom where the stall is basically like frosted glass. You can see the silhouette of a dude, what it is a black guy, it's way worse, because you have the whole back for his white, but also homie. Next one with his dick out, you could see no right, Wow, oh yeah, I'm, sure I. Even think about that yeah did that's so it'll be funny if there's a glory hole and you can see the guy's face. This is like the saddest. Looking is that dude the world is great. There's everything in the world. Do you understand, there's this there's everything I, never thought of this. Possibly existing yeah I know that's what I'm saying you even think about this, and it's there. Do you think this guy? Do you think this guy, when you went to on this toilet, realize what he was knowing or did he just have he didn't really been? He realized. You know why, because he's faced that way. Oh my God he's not faced the right he's sitting when I went. He knows, wait he's in a yes way that way. Here's the other thing - yeah I, if I walked in and I, saw that and I just I would out loud, say. Well this what the you're gonna you're gonna have to see me. You have to see me, you gotta say how does sitting a little in an angle on the toilet- oh yeah, she's, consciously yeah, yeah, and not to say that guy, you know it's funny to like this is expensive to do comparative yeah. That's the rule like the premium upgrade. Where do you think this is I know where this is a hundred percent there's no way. This is not in the dominican republic manic in reverse no way. First of all, I feel shorts. Yeah, that's a bit minikin Republican who would drop extra cash on there? No no I won't think dominican republic would do that. To be honest, I was gonna feel like an airport in Miami, yeah cuz, it's like funky I could see that being an airport because they try to design it's so cruel, like you're already king in an airport which sucks I did that the other I did that the other day yeah I've, no IV zero qualms about using going to about them in any bathroom I. Don't care II? Don't care really? Do you put the paper down only when it's completely necessary are always missus. Do not wipe down to see it if there's yeah yeah I always a little once over yeah if it looks clean nah. Oh my gangster bro, that's gangster, I'm, not I'm, not I, know that's a gangster I'm, not I'm. Not you don't give me extra to do what I gotta do you know I'm so crazy about it yeah. Even if I go to a friend's house, yeah I put that's too much. That's crazy! Yeah! That's yeah! You put TP down mm-hmm yeah I did some research. Apparently you can't really contract anything from a toilet seat. Yeah also you're just putting your legs on it. It's just your thighs yeah yeah, but also I. Don't want a stranger peeing on my thighs. Do you know, but that's why? If there's piss on it, I'll wipe it down, you know, but also you want I have a routine okay, I'd like to hear when I go in a public bathroom. So first of all the toilet seat covers are terrific. First I wipe it down with that, because the toilet paper it absorbs so much liquid, you're gonna get pee in your hands. You have to get a bunch of it yeah and then, when you put it in the water and then when you put in the water it dissolves but the trick, is you want enough in the toilet so that when you it doesn't splash on your ass because, let's face it sitting on an empty seat, may be gangster but getting water splashed on your ass in a public toilet seat, I, don't know what that is, but it's not gangster. So you take you, take a bunch to the toilet seat covers and you put them in the toilet so that it's questions Wow driver taking this but I'm telling you it's. You can't do without it. It cushions the and you will never get splashed. So you don't need that many three four five, six, seven, eight, no I'm kidding not that man just enough to be wasteful, and so you need to create an inn and then I think that's really important key. You know: I put only get slashed a thing down if it's necessary. If I get splashed I go like this I I literally go like I literally go like this I. Do that and and then my my dick sometimes hits the the bone I go. What am I gonna do. What are we gonna? Do? Oh, my god, I like that. What am I gonna do and I'm fine and I'm fine I know I, don't I, don't have weird diseases, I'm, fine and and it sucks, but it's fine and here's the thing I was I want to go. Do it I, don't know where the we were. My opener never will never use. If he is it he'll he'll be like oh I, guess: I'm gonna, my pants, you know I'm like a crazy boy. What a toilet is there I, don't care right, yeah, so so I went and I was waiting because there was a line and this guy I counted flushed 13 times before me and I, don't know what the he was doing. Cuz standing up, he was standing up, oh yeah, so he was done and I was just gay. Okay. What here's? The other thing too I can't stand when, when you're in the bathroom and you're doing whatever you got to do in there mm-hm and someone and- and it once is fine because they don't know if it and then again, [ __ ] bathroom as long as I need to I walked out once I walked out once she I opened up the door and there was a lady and I said: hey what you think I'm doing, and maybe I don't know one time. This is great how's that a coffee bean and I was and I was doing it. I was going to bathroom number two did that's brave bro at a coffee bean, my tea I, don't think. I could do that unless I was having diarrhea yeah I, even kind to have to go. Yeah yeah, yeah I, know I'm serious doing what I do think that if you could get past the stigma, it would be very freeing it is dropping really anyway, when I come here, do I give you not good. Do I not give a good advice. You do good. You know the Metamucil changed my life yeah. The metaphor sounds amazing, all right. Well, you you have a good track rack, so so so so so I was doing this in the coffee bean and and the handle of the coffee bean I know here's how gangster I am by the way it's broken. Well, it's it's broken and I know it's broken and here on yellow there's a lock, but I know you can open it anyway. Okay, so it's like a fit. It's not a good, so so I! This is how I think this is how I think in my brain. Oh, this is the kind of guy I am in all honesty, I! Think! Ok, it's broken! I have to take a you coffee bean. This is how we're doing it. Okay, I'm gonna! Do it if someone walks in I will not be embarrassed because you don't imagine it someone's box at Chris, D'elia [Laughter], so I'm like all right coughing. This is a gimme 104 complaint that people don't see me in your staff. They gotta fix that this is a people can see me in your establishment. Okay and and you're gonna deal with it because I'm not I am NOT. If you know what it's like, it's like when somebody goes when somebody goes to you, hey, what's up good to see, you hey, you don't remember my name huh you trying to make me feel awkward. I, look at you and I say no yeah, no dude I, don't remember you! You're, not gonna. Make me feel bad about this. Okay, you be more memorable right, so I'm taking this the locks wrong and I'm just waiting, dude I'm, not gonna, do I'm not gonna, do it any longer than I need to, but I'm sitting, I'm waiting and all of a sudden, King, King and I'm like all right here. We go all right. Well. That person just realize this locks with someone's in here. Obviously, okay, then again, good good, good and I'm like all right. Oh hey, dude, all right, I I mean you're as long as a it's locked. Obviously, third time could go and I'm like and I'm and I sit up and I wait and I head up and there's no stall or anything it's just and I'm. At the door and I'm not you know and I'm waiting do tonight and I can't wait to I, can't wait and I can't wait to and I'm all perched up and I'm and I'm waiting kicking kicking and it opens it breaks and they open it up: bro she's 12, oh no, that was my mine mine, the worst-case scenario: she's a 12 year old girl, yeah and I'm sitting there and I go. That was fine, no I wanted it to be a 45 year old, white male or some yeah. That's the worst. You know in this case, I have in my head the whole plan of how I'm gonna catch the door. Well, just panic of it. No! No because I'm so paranoid that someone will see me yeah in there that I have to like I, even like almost like practice in my head, then oh like that, come here like what could I possibly be doing there bro one time, one time I had to go so bad. This is at the counter. There's a burger place over the fact of this guy's. You know you can't read his face. We could see. Shame yeah so one time I had to go to the counter. I don't mean to monopolize the stories, but I've had nothing. Oh here's, the other thing I do too here's the other thing. I do too. If there's a man, if there's a man, a I'm, a male and then a female and the male's locked and the females open, I identify as a female I go in I, don't get I, don't care I, don't care I'm with you! So I go in, but I walk in and it's it's one with stalls and and and things and it's like a multiple one on my car great. If I can't lock it, but I am in trouble. I have to go feels like there's, nothing I could do. I have to go in the female one. I'm gonna go in the stall, I'm gonna hide, you know, I'm, not gonna, look, obviously I'm just I just I need to get my business done so I'm there and the door opens and I'm like well. Of course it's a female mmm like and she says: hey did anyone see a guy come in here and I'm like I'm, like thank God I'm already on the toilet, because I would have my pants on my own. No cuz I know I'm doing I'm doing something. That's not on my coat I'm doing something wrong. I feel bad right. I, don't want to be a perv, but I had to go so bad right so and then I'm like what I was like should I go, should I go in my head I'm, like should I go what but I'm like that's ridiculous. You know I just said what she walks a little further and I see her and then I see you know how like, when the door closes. There's like that much yeah yeah dude I make straight-up high contact with her with one eye and she's looking at, and she says so I say what she says. Did anyone see an iPhone in here and I swear to God I misheard, her wait why she, looking for your song and I, looked at her and I said I said no I thought you said: did anyone see a guy come in here and she said I thought you know, I have a story that sticks out to me at this office. Oh really I'm in there taking a dump I, should here all the time, but I have a bucket of baby wipes that I actually take with me to the bathroom enough and so I'm doing that I'm taking care of my vid like to take my time on the John I mean to make sure it's all clean and good to go even with Metamucil, it hasn't been set. The aid to me I still wipe yeah, sometimes more than others, yeah I'm in the bathroom I'm, taking I'm doing my business. So two older gentlemen, walk in and they're talking about golf and you know whatever old people talk about. You know one guy goes to take a piss. One guy goes to take a they're talking about golf. The conversation doesn't miss a beat, first of all, the guys taking a math like a really noisy blocks, the gas just blowing ass and I'm in there kind of giggling because he's just he doesn't miss a beat with his homie. Nobody acknowledges that the dude is blowing chunks, I, don't like trumpeting, and they don't miss a beat. Now. Here's where it gets interesting, dude from the urinal is done and dude in the is done at the same time, no wiping no nothing in there. The dude blasted ass, a crazy and was done at the same time as his home, who was peeing homie, who was peeing, goes and washes hands and the homie who walks out with the guy who peed without washing his hands and I'm in there horrified like listening, like daredevil with my Doppler hearing, but understand you can understand. So he blasted ass didn't miss a beat, didn't wash his hands and and exited the bathroom quicker, even because he didn't wash in the same time as his homie peed. Without missing a beat of the conversation and his friend didn't say he's you know what I'm saying very weird: that's like the beginning of an x-files show you're like how did this happen, yeah cue, the music you need to get mold or what that's weird, but like these guys, I mean how do you continue even being friends with somebody, after that? The only way I can continue. Beef, no white buddy after that is okay, we're like so like yeah I, don't wipe that I'll be like woah. Alright I got a chill with this guy yeah, but then you've got me, but this save this day, yeah I mean you get on your hands. Sometimes it happens. Well, no, let me tell you something: some we all have on our hand right now: okay, boys, you know and stop with this stop with this bat stop trying to do. Sometimes you get on your hand, I understand but shits the clunkers like a chocolate yeah. He didn't even wife. Well, that's true! Well, that's a fair point. Well, he didn't look. That's kind of an interesting thing he's like look I'd rather have it on my ass hold my hands cause it's gross, but then you get all itchy. Oh no, it's like you've got a white dude yeah you got away. You cannot wipe even if it's a clean one you got away and then his age and the way he blasted ask me blackballed. Did you can't even move mobility issue? He just comes home with the shitty ass I guess it could happen at a certain age where you're, like it, I'm gonna, die in probably five years I'm, not wasting my precious moments on this earth. Wiping my ass! That's it there! You go see! That's gangster Chris! If you want to know what gangsters in the bathroom, it's not wiping your ass or cleaning your hand, I agree with dr. okay. Well, we got more stuff to watch here. You I know have been taking on tick tock. Oh man and I've got some great tick tock, so I want to watch it's so funny that app like it's so some of that. Well, all of them really are so bad. Well, Christina yeah has been she just wrote me. She was like yeah I want to get you on and talk about tick tock. What uh? What does she do? I didn't know: I, don't know he just reposts on Instagram, really cringey ones, but she finds ones like really crazy. Really old people yeah, you notice that yeah I saw some like, and these are all people that probably don't even know how to use their email right and how the are they managing it. Tick, tock I, don't know it's hard for me to do. I was like I did exactly yeah, so it's a whole phenomenon. I and I will and I feel bad, saying goodbye to our shooting friend here, but it's time to X him out and bring up the tick tock. How did you discover tick? Tock, you spend a lot of time on there. I I would see it on Instagram and I feel like what the is this just I would I would be like it was like the crowning moment of the apps where it went too far on the frame. I was like like, like even vine when I did vine, it was like I felt, like I was making fun of vine when I was doing mine, but there's no but tick-tock. There's no self-aware, there's no self-awareness right. People are just like doing like, like, like guys. Yeah I mean like they're doing like growls like real growls, that's perfect, yeah I, don't understand the phenomena and I and I feel like tick. Tock is its own self-contained community, like people on tick, tock, don't know anyone on YouTube for exams and well. Well, that's definitely true, but like I, don't know, I, I, guess I. Maybe it's one of those things where I'm, officially old, because I just make sure you re I got to pause the music cuz. If I play this, our whole podcast will get claimed. Oh okay, then what do you do so? I'm, just gonna mute the music and oh, it's all really generic stupid! You get you off or you say: no, no, it's it's! Okay! It's just I feel like I'm cause, I, don't I, don't get it I, don't get I I! Don't get I! Don't like these people are gonna, grow up right and still and see this and be like. Oh god, what do you think about that, like I'm, so thankful that the internet wasn't around when I was a kid I think we probably we're almost the same age I feel like we I think I feel like the first iPhone came out when I was in college yeah, we hold you I just turned 34, oh so you're, nine, so yeah I think I'm lucky when I would like any later or- or you know like better than that- really maybe like late 20s is okay but like there's, if you're 20, now you you have some on oh yeah, because everything you do back then is embarrassed. Yeah save that for life. So here is these are some deep cuts, like kind of in the vein of what I was talking about. So this is a woman holding a box filled with her husband's ashes on tik-tok and doing a song, and it's something like uh jump to something about how and God see. I can't play the music she's dancing to them to the song, but it's our husband's cremated ashes. Oh my god, but she's got some slick, zooms and edits and I just don't understand how they'd figure it out. Yeah, oh wait! So does she or is it part of that I actually have never used? You know, I, don't know I've only don't like four of them you're. So pretty crazy. I! Don't do that automatic! So it's something like you can shoot it to where they stay slow down the song. So when you're recording it you're doing it slow, that's how they get that. That's not that's, honestly how they do a lot of the the Eminem videos they would all be like did what I did and the old ones. You know how he's always like yeah, that's how they get that and Hornby's. Do it too? Whether people are, let you don't I mean, did they play the song, for you slowed yeah, really yeah, because that's how they make that so I must feel really awkward when you're doing it so yeah, first time yeah but uh, so they! So that's what that is, but then you can go in afterwards and like put effects in okay, um I, don't know if you can zoom afterwards or what like I, don't know how she's doing it. There must be like a I think, there's a hands-free mode or I. Don't know how you cut it after that he's a high-level tape. Talker really, and so this is her with her husband's ashes. Oh, we give love and whatever, however, you grieve, I guess, and so here's one see this one I really wish I had the music. My favorite ones are the ones of the guys that think they're sexy there aren't any better than that when the guys in their place, like furries- and you know, yeah yeah yeah, you know I mean, would they do lip stuff, so there's actually a whole sub-genre of tick-tocks of divorced tic TOCs, there's like divorced on us a divorce? Yes, what does that mean? Well, here, I'll give you an example like here's, a dude, a cop who's on duty. By the way this guy's sworn to protect and serve and homie is making a tik-tok with a rain cloud over his wedding band. How many times can I forgive the cheating? This is the fourth and he taped. There's there's you know like badass country, music playing and he takes off his wedding band, epic. You know what MLG Edith, so that's. Why promise you there's a honor them and there he's not he's not taking the piss he's, not joking. No, this guy's for real I swear to you, I cop I know man did if anyone ever like, if you ever run across like blue lives matter. People like, oh called, you know, show him this. Do you know what happens after you make this video? You know what happens the fifth time. That's right! That's all you! That's who gets cheated on yeah. She was cheating on him because he would be the guy. Who does that right? That's true I mean that's, that's self-fulfilling, there's so many of them, but they're all kind of had a whole list, but it gets repetitive, but it's just a bunch of dudes taking off their wedding band and being music I swear all right. Well, let's all look up a bunch. Let me pull up cuz I want to prove it. Yeah yeah hold on it's in it's in your document, right, damn yeah, there's a whole thing with her thread about the divorce ticks up right here, and it was the first time I felt like wow I'm, getting old, yeah yeah yeah you're younger than I. How old are you I'm, 31, oh yeah, yeah and I, because I just feel so out of it. I have no idea. What's going on, I mean: do they make me let when I do up to them, we're making fun of it? Man I it's for me. Dude I, laugh so hard at the you playing it. There you go. Are we good? Do you have a way of muting the sound without muting us I can't hear that Dan can I hear you know yeah okay hold down your laptop okay here you know yeah, wait so wait. I can only mute it on my laptop. No, we muted it back here. Okay, I love that you play to seven two seconds: yes and they claimed the whole to our podcast. But here so this person, wild milk, basically made a whole right up. These are all on ironic tick-tock, so just to kind of show your honor okay! Oh, come on Dan! What's going on here, I'm trying to run a business, we have it all turned down back here. I! Don't know man just hit me, but wait now your video! You have where's the sound coming from I'm here because it always plays it, though all right, homie, just um G, just made a couple thousand bucks, but you got a little taste of the music yeah. So that's why I mean, but they get real repetitive I know, but I'd still like to see every single one. Okay, like this guy's got it man. He showed a picture of him and his wife, he flip. Oh wow got it man, that's bro, that's sad on so many levels, oh well! This is well. This one is just straight-up pathetic hold on hold on. What's what you say, Danna I! Don't know what to do. How do I? How do I fix this issue? Very [, __ ], together your funnel gets divorced yeah, but I've been to boycott of yours. I can't mute it you're right there yeah, but but then, when you go to the next one, it's not muted and if I turn this down, I can't hear Dan yeah just turn it down for now. I can't you keep your being but see if I turn this down. Does the audience still hear it, though just just Mewtwo each one just meet each 100 when you mute, okay, yeah all right, I divorced, so this guy's been divorced for five thirteen years of marriage twenty seven years together, three wonderful kids divorced almost five years now this is a tick tock, a public, tick tock and he opens the card. My heart still only sees you. It was like the most ghetto look at this is bar forgets me. That's the part that really gets me, oh my god, and that's sad and that's what music playing yeah I see? Okay, if I don't touch it? Oh okay, then I guess the sound will play, but it's you're almost doomed because you don't have a chance to unmute it put both. Oh, it's just an empty house. She moved out, but there's like triumphant music playing. Oh this one's got divorce papers with their wedding bands. Without the divorce filing come on with her rings on it and hearts the music really adds the loss will flip the pages quicker Oh, black and white, of course. So uh look at that. Guy he's taking his ring off yeah I'm free today, hoping that, like their next love, your wife will see this and feel bad for them, because it's like Chris, said there's a lot of dudes who are I. Don't know why? Because I would assume there's just a little girl. So unless these guys are trying to little girls, I, don't really understand the vibe. I mean look, there's 19 million people who follow tick-tock on Instagram. Well, if 19 million people are falling tick-tock on Instagram, it's not yeah. So anyway, you get the ideas but I. Don't what is that? What is on the right Oh? What the oh yeah, you can do, this - I, don't know about it, but oh he's proposed rising on tick, tock, tick! Tock! You guys! Why are you so involved with tick? Tock I swear to god that guy doesn't know how to check his Matt AOL dot-com email address: Wow, oh yeah, so this guy's proposing on a split screen, tick-tock Wow man who could predict little grandmas down. You see that made you see that you know them. They've been down a lot. Lately, gotta get their together mmm, but I've got more. It gets better I'm going down the depressing rabbit hole. No, oh speaking of guys being sexy, here's one that I that I think you'll really enjoy. Okay, so there's like really bad. It's like it says fat gross fat gross that Dom he's getting blasted. It goes with the mean: oh yeah he's getting shot. Oh really, you think I'm ugly. Well, you [ __ ], oh yeah, that's that's a that's! A very good I know, though I know that so he ended up put his hand to the camera and then, when he took it away, he looked like a ha seed with a fedora. It looks like good character, see if I play it. It's gonna play sound. Oh no! It's muted! What's the movie that I just saw her, he looks like the guy he's getting blasted, really [. __ ], you haven't seen me in my the bearded chub yeah I did want it. I did I got to do one of those tic TOCs I got it do one of those two key on it see I, don't want to have to dress up in it's okay. This is my all-time favorite tick-tock and it's not funny. Oh and there's no music, okay, I mean it's got a it's got all the twists and turns you would expect from great literature. To be honest, so why do I have not have sound now hold on? Let me unmute everything, so why is that Wow yeah and why do I even wonder? What's going on tick? Tock is here to ruin my life. Okay, so am I supposed to have sound and know my shits hold on we're all turned up back here. You sure that video has audio what is going on yeah. It definitely has audio I mean she's. Talking me, lips are moving, I've watched it before. So. What happened? Why did the audio just come back on? We just ran through everything again, okay, one hi there I know this is not interesting, but it's it's fun for me. Um, you guys know how I wear my hair I might look like Little Orphan Annie by the time. This is all done, but I wanted to give it a try. My tactic I think these might be too big for on top wow, it's almost dry anyhow. If it doesn't work, I could just wash it out and try turning curlers another way. Anyhow, this is fun for me. It doesn't take much for me to have fun with myself and I wish. There was people here. I would have my husband do something for lunch. I would take you all out to lunch and we would just laugh and have a great time anyhow I'll see if I could save this no I'm, not gonna, save it to a draft. Oh I would just maybe I don't try? Okay, oh my god. Why not like these singles a tragic video? However yeah yeah Wow, that's odd, huh I'm laughing, just because you know how to process. Yes, it's a lot because I was what I was watching that at him at first time yeah, but then it's go so sad. Then I see the thing that was tweeting the other day that was kind of it was on. Yesterday it was uh, the game show Beat Shazam and the thing that and the thing I had that and the guy at the end, wait you know, I literally have that I was just looking at Shazam. Where is that here it is yellow. Did you see this yeah? You saw this from your oh okay, I watched the whole end and I was like yeah. This is okay, but you might want to put the beginning because the music, but does it matter if it's, what is going on with this club man, okay, I, think we're good here. I, don't know where that music came from from the very beginning. It's it's from a commercial yeah. You gotta watch till the end for this guy I. Don't know the premise of this game show but I'm. Assuming is this song before Shazam congestus song, Oh whoo Shazam, a robot? Oh, it's! An ass is sponsored by Shazam. Oh, that's, pretty good! It's not a fun contest. Yes, my first heard it I, don't know. I would be very bad at this game, so homie just one 206 right now he that's how a huge come on. So you saw this right, see. I saw and I wash all the ways and wondering what the yeah what's going on here. Thank you. This is such a twist man. We won. The game shows over everyone's happy right at the ending super app. They trap you in a storybook and then well. They got ya so close credit dedication. How do you dedicate his own episode to him mo? Just just don't tell us, he died or don't air the episode right right? Well, it's not I think he aired it's nice cuz. He crushed it under a she just say we didn't have to pay him. Oh that mmm, do you think they paid his his family, I, guess brawling, probably yeah I love that they dedicated his own episode to him. Mm-Hmm! That's like the cut. You know dedicating this podcast to me. If you die on your way home or even now, it's like. Obviously it's dedicated to you. You know you can't dedicate. We dedicate the crystal the episode to crystal you know by its dedicated yeah yeah. That was great. Why does what all the game shows happening lately, so many I don't know I. Well, there was a boom when, like Who Wants to Be a Millionaire started and then I don't know I just kind of kept going and go on I've done a few recently, oh you've been on yeah I. Didn't there yet I did the Anthony Anderson one and I did the other one. Did you crush I? Don't know no I didn't do well on the Anthony Anderson one and then I did another one. Were you playing for money or charity I never played for money, I must've been charity or oh, you know, you know what I did I was like -. They have like celebrity judges or like helpers or something I did one with what was the one Alec Baldwin. Alright I haven't watched that but I've seen the thumbnail whatever it is called I did that that's cool like Alec yeah, that's good at that I've noticed that on game shows. There's a pyramid. Dan says that it no that's not it, but what one of them was called to tell the truth. I think that's Andy, Anthony Anderson one there's this new thing like there's. This show where they'll have a celebrity pop in who has nothing to do with it like? What's the one with uh, you know, I didn't know what I'm talking about. Let's move on all right: okay, I get it man, you know. Sometimes you just like what the [Music] [Laughter] it's been an hour and a half it asked Jesus all right, I have a lot more. So it's really up to you. I mean we got two more two more yeah cuz I've got. Have you been following a J on Twitter, hello to the world? Hello? It's yours truly a weirdo. He don't believe anyone Wow alright for the world, the crazy. The crazy thing about og. Is that, like he's always golfing he's always on vacation, he's always got a cigar like he didn't murder, two people that, like he's still just an anomaly and he's living the life he posted one recently that I thought was pretty good. We can watch together yeah. He goes never too old to learn, he's always like on a 90s sitcom set and he always recorded like hey. It's me, Oh Jay the world. This is me yours. Truly, you know in the last 48 hours, I've learned that you're never too old to learn two days ago was my birthday and I got hacked at my computer. Well, I probably got more dope than that. If somebody was setting the knife emojis through my DM, fortunately for me, my bank alerted me that there was a charge to coming in from Europe in Euros and they didn't get imagine being that employee at the bank. Hi is this Oh Jay simply didn't lose anything except some time and stuff, but the problem was I was travelling. The next day, which was yesterday and I, had to get some cash for my friends, I. Think I was in good shape. Companies in America that will not the American dollar for goods or services, really I mean at one point: I couldn't even buy a bottle of water. You know III just thought: well, when did the American dollar get usurped? I grew up, they said cash was king, I guess not has been relegated to a Duke or an earl. In any event, I know there's a lot of Americans that don't have credit cards and right now, just throwing the role Jay stabbed you help me make a jack-o-lantern. Could you teach me how to deal with an ungrateful, wife, who's cheating on me? Did anyone else notice how he starts off with a little laugh like watch this? Well, will you be murdering any more people in cold blood? I mean it's, it's great. It doesn't disappoint. You live like that. Well, you killed look at that one. That's funny! Click on that one: how to get away with murder! Oh wow! That's awesome! Hey OH J, my girlfriend I are having some relationship. Problems got any advice on how to deal with her yeah. It's! Oh! Let's not show that me. Why is that not censored out mm-hmm YouTube's like or Twitter hate, Twitter water? Don't care whoopsie-daisy. Let me know if he you got to take on. Let's see we got Oh Jay we got our Kelly goes to prison for sex trafficking. Okay, wait! He did oh well he's being trialed! Oh yeah yeah! Have you seen their haven't? You have your passports clip! Oh, you talked about yeah yeah, so he's getting his passports revoked. Oh, so he does not. He no longer has his passports there. You know they are using. Probably this song is proof yeah. They may show that in court I, don't judge the judge like mr. Kelly. Can you explain this yeah? Do you have your passport? We are revoking your passport. Jason Momoa said he says, name the god, Bob body shames I tweeted, that I went yeah nuts, but yeah. That's not a dead body. He's jacked yeah. Let me let me post this picture. This is the picture. You know, I, don't know. If you follow this people were saying that he's let himself go. Do you have any concept like he is fully jacked? He would crush my skull with his hand. You know people are clowning on him. Like oh where'd, your six-pack go, dude someone's got their dad working on their dad bod, it's like he will. You know, that's not a that's, not a dad. Bod, that's just kind of a good bod, yeah yeah I mean he. So the difference is. Is that he I think on set. You do all this crazy work right, I get you all the blind. He was very, very shredded an Aquaman yeah. So he probably is all dehydrated and does all this crazy, but he's just as jacked big yeah he's big yeah. What did you say on Twitter on Twitter world I said something like I can't remember, bro. He would steal all your girls he'll literally steal you too. He you. He would make love to you and you're straight off with that dadbod shed. My brother said my body is better period, end of sentence under tweet right there look. What does he do? I didn't know you had a brother yeah he's a director, I'm gonna write him he's a cowboy yeah he's, a cowboy he's, just kind of actually his Park House just came out yesterday. Oh good yeah. What's it called Matthew Lee is confused. Well, there you have, it have a listen Scarlett. You know this is all a bunch of we're done. Okay, a long time blue by oh actually, I do have the the bagel boss. Oh yeah I, have a there's like a whole ongoing saga with her. It's weird to me: what goes real viral and what doesn't like that was like dumb, but the fact that that was viral for more than a day shocks me I. Think it's because they're keping developments, oh, they kept finding them on the street and you would say more such a little character dude. He definitely is like he's been on. Howard Stern he's gonna join the whack pack was that, oh you don't listen to Howard Stern I! Guess he's got like a little pack of weirdos, but I love I mean the country. It's so good, daddy issues for sure the guy next to him is only five foot, eight, but the guy. Why did the skirt yeah, it's so over-the-top I mean he's so low that this guy had like the one chance in his life to feel like a badass? Well, if I was gonna fight, anyone I would fight him. Cuz I'm, like odds, are in my favor yeah, but this guy, like one guy laughs, laughs everyone's having a good time yeah. He wasn't gonna, do anything. What do you thought this guy was a threat. This guy got all courageous he's like I can take this floor, blind al I, love it and then the bagel guy got in. He was like. If you come into the bagel store mention this. You get a free, bagel yeah, but I heard. That was no there's a tweet right there. Oh really! Oh! Oh! If you mention it. If you come in and mention oh wow, that you saw the video you get a free, bagel. There's a second video here. If you want to know what happened next, I know, if you saw this, I did yeah, so he got back up I love that he got back up and kept going fantastic, powerful, okay, bagel, boss, yeah. Once you do make this easy, let me do that. I'm clicking you can hear. Okay, maybe it's a sign yeah yeah yeah! He got back up well, dude. When you know, if it's a not how hard you fall down, is how could you get right? Oh, he was hungry too. You can see here because he throws the bagel at him and then he goes back and picks it up. I! Wonder what happened. He went home and ate a bagel. No before nothing, the girl was laughing at him. It seems like and he took it the wrong way. [Music] this guy just wants to nut. He is very sure you know some chick probably said shrimp. Look, it's probably tough to be that height yeah, oh yeah, honestly, don't, but he is being [. __ ], of course, I mean. Maybe not gonna increase his chances of yeah yeah yeah yeah. Well, he actually know that he's virally, probably he thinks someone's gonna him now. Definitely good for him. You know, but my favorite part of this is that he throws the bagel and there's like actually I went to bed I go back and get the bagel. There was no resolution, not on Adebayo yeah. If this goes on and I that's about it, you know we had a good run here. We cover a lot of ground good. We discussed a lot of things favored for coming, yeah I know you're busy, gotta move. Now this guy's gonna be worth 100 million dollars. Okay, go to crystal e.com / tour. Get some tickets keep your eyes on Netflix because we got a new special coming out and a new movie coming out and what's the title of the movie does that public army over the Dead army of the Dead Wow, exciting times cool good times to be Chris D'elia, keep your eyes out yeah thanks guys. Thank you guys for watching. We will be back this Friday with another episode. You will not want to miss this one. Thank you to all my food / troopers out there and shout out to um G who's. Gonna claim this full podcast for for two seconds and accidentally played music. So thank you. Everybody [Music], [Applause] [Music], you [Music].