Five, hello and welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live here with the very funny incredible beautiful comedian, Chris D'elia back on the show. Today's sponsors are audible, stamps, calm, kaptara! Thank you to them. You can catch Chris on Netflix on comedians of the world. What another a grit was: a 30 minutes right, yeah, yeah, terrific 30 minutes set and if you want to catch this beautiful man on tour, go to Chris, D'elia, calm, / tour. Now before we get into anything Chris and yes, I. Welcome you back and thank you for being. Thank you for having me back and there's something that I think is urgent. That I need to show you, so this is a trailer from 2003 for a movie called tiptoes. Okay, all right and it's like I'm already in yeah well, and so it's starring, Matthew McConaughey, Gary, Oldman, Peter, Dinklage, Kate Beckinsale. This is a powerhouse yeah, our power, but back then they were big, - right, yeah for sure Peter Dinklage, because that was before giving bronze right. He was not big that no, but he's not big. Now either. Is it he's not big now in certain ways, but in other ways he's huge, all right cool? So here we go. This is yeah right there now I, don't know if you're ready for what you're about to see and I was, in the first time pretty much game for anything. Matthew McConaughey's in you be a judge. She's real and Stevens life together was perfect. I've got to get going all right, a second [Music] there's one small. It can tear them apart. I think you're gonna. Let me know that everyone in your pansies a [ __ ]. This is real duck gary oldman, yes Bruno his mom Kathleen and over behind the bars students, brothers off. You could have prepared us for this dog. You think, if you embarrass me, I'll never speak to you again, so just get it together. When the going gets rough, it's only the size of your heart. No, you knocked up this great girl and you didn't tell her that her baby's, probably gotta, be live. I'm not like you, we're all so cute and cuddly don't discriminate against us. I can do what he wants to do. I'm ready for the dot relations. What is this man doing a new buddy? How does very open do that gay all the way the door I'll put you down the aisle fast Aaron's, a very lucky guy, just not enough time to screw it up is just a beginning. They'll be wrapped package is no doubt about it. Can a loose and Langley productions proudly present command performances from Cape Anne man performing a fuel economy, Patricia Arquette and in the role of a lifetime the role of a lifetime Wow ethos, because then, because the door whoa, that's a real move, yeah I! Never that's that's I mean Wow. How times have changed? Yeah I mean I, know: I mean that really puts it in place. Doesn't it? But how does Gary Oldman always place parts where it's like? He was in a movie once and I mean I'm I know who he is. I watched him in a lot of things. He was in a movie once where I watched the whole movie and like 4/5 in I was like. Is that Gary Oldman like how does he the transformer yeah? What did they do, but they didn't have like CGI back then? How did they make him? Look? All short I must must do the walk around honestly. She was shooting them. It was his breakout role. It was a his role of a lifetime yeah. It was he'll never when he was on when he was shooting that he was like I'll, never Eclipse this. That's it's called yeah, that's it. It almost feels like a trailer. You know in a Tropic Thunder. Yes, it feels like a fake trailer. Yeah, yes, darling, Gary Oldman it has a dwarf, wait! Wait. How did you fight people? Send this [ __ ] to you? I thought I just thought it was on the Internet. But how do so? Did this movie there's? No way it really actually came out right. No, it came out its reviews Connie. It was big back. You can watch this online. This movie exists. These are star power. This is a high budget film. They were doing something really socially conscious. They did I just looked it up it. It screened at Sundance in 2004 and got pan so hard that they they just went straight to DVD, come out and but it I think the intention was to come out and feed. Oh yeah and a cast include Chad said because he's very you know he's a dwarf yeah. He said that originally it was meant to be something very socially yeah conscious, but in the Edit it turned out to be some corny wrong like rom-com and they were Hugh. He was shocked by how the but uh that's so see. That's the thing about being an actor I like doing stand-up you're in control of it when you're an actor you're like okay, the scripts good, and then you shoot it. But then the directors are you don't really know what they're doing hmm and then they edit it. You don't know what they're doing and then the producers who got their cut. You don't know what they're doing, but the time you're like oh I was in a horror movie right, yeah I, always wonder how do you pick a good movie like you? Just guess I mean if you're at my level, you just kind of gasp but I mean if your method conahey, hopefully you're, like you, have the pick of the litter. You know yeah I, don't but like wow yeah I was wonder about that like like how did how the [ __ ] did Keanu Reeves like know that, like you don't know, the matrix is gonna be the matrix. I mean, let's be frank, about Keanu Reeves, not the best act. He's my favorite he's my favorite movie I, just I feel like he must have got lucky in the matrix right. I, don't know, because no but he's good, because that's who he is I'm, not that guy but here's the thing about. He goes. That's his big life, yeah whoa, but here I think about counter Eve's. Oh there's! So few movie stars it's like him. Denzel Will Smith, those like the last like there's, no like new ones. You know what I mean like even the guys who are really good, like Jake Gyllenhaal and like Ryan who's, that other one Gosling yeah like they're, not like they're, like actors. Do you know what I mean right Denzel when you go to Denzel movie, when you go to Al Pacino movie, you know what they're gonna be doing. Almost you know Keanu you for sure. You know you know. So you go to see because it's Keano, it's almost a genre. You know yeah yeah! That's why I love him. I love, Denzel, and-and-and, John wick is a Keano genre. It's fun! It's basically the matrix part yeah. You know the trilogy part of the same trilogy, oh yeah. So basically, what you're trying to say is that tiptoes is probably oh I'm gonna watch it yeah I love. They should have just called it. We're all short I thought we have been less little. You know it's funny at the time if they would have caught a little people. That probably would have felt offensive. But that's what you know. Buddy now is now yeah little people, oh my even they even had a line just because they're little people doesn't mean they don't have big hearts. Something like that. Honestly, they should have just called the movie. We made this movie yeah yeah yeah. We did this format, don't forget this yeah. You know I think around the time Leonardo DiCaprio did What's Eating Gilbert Grape, where he had his breakout as a yeah. I want to say [, __ ], but I. Don't really know what how yeah I don't know either I'm, not sure how to say it not to offend people. Well, I, don't I never saw the movie, so I don't even know what is mmm with the mentally mentally deficient. What is the way to say that without offending, like really I, don't know? What's the politically correct way, there's an intellectual disability, I, don't okay, so I can't keep up so Leonardo DiCaprio plays somebody with an intellectual disability. That's a lot to say, there's a lot, but at any rate, I feel like Oldman felt like he was doing that for the war, because I think they came around the same time, but also even if they made that movie now you would have to get real little pigs Apple couldn't carry open as good as he is exactly well. You know what that's like batch to any given day. If it's a slow, slow news day, like you guys like, may, have uncovered this today, this may bury them and you're right, yeah I'd be like well, they did this. Please never forget. I know this is this was 13 13 1990 16 years ago, three nation, a better [ __ ]? No, no! So you may you may have women we may have when that being credited sure, let's just make a call right now to to Matthew McConaughey Gary Oldman to who's there, yeah Kate Beckinsale that game over what did they say party's over Oh party I, like party's over? Let's have a nice day party / party's over you already here, honey I, don't know! What's better, though that are those commercials that Matthew McConaughey? Are you kidding yes, I'm trying to find? We didn't. We do the last time we were like what [ __ ] with god Brooke. Yes, you know what well okay, we could play that. The way that made it to one of our. We did a an episode at the end of the year of our favor. Oh it's all that dude his Lincoln commercials are so insane. Okay, so glad you aren't hey when he first I, don't know how old you guys are, but when he first came out in like a time to kill that was like his break out thing and he killed it. He was like this you. It was a time to kill. Yes, it was yeah, we thought everyone thought was gonna, be next Paul Newman, he handsome his [ __ ] a good actor, and then he started me and then so he be busy big star, and then he made these corny movies kind of fell off, then kind of climbed. His way back up was in the one the other year, Dallas buyers club won the Academy Award and then was like alright [, __ ] it, and then just did these and was like I'm back to being Matthew McConaughey yeah, it's like you. It was like the almost like John Travolta is the same way. It was like he can get back on top, but then he's not gonna he's like [ __ ], like with Pulp Fiction he's, like you know, I mean after pulp fiction. Yeah, like I, heard that Quentin Tarantino had to like convince him to do get shorty and couldn't turn dinner. Didn't do get shorty, but he was like you got to do this. It's a good movie and gentle. It's like really I'd. Rather do some [ __ ] [, __ ] either do but I, don't know what it is. But you know it's a beautiful thing: they they straddle that line between yeah, great yeah, yeah, yeah and total ass yeah. I. Think, though, that goes to, like you got to take a shot, you got to take a shot. You got to take a chance cuz. If you take a chance, you can win big, but you know Vail [, __, ], huge I want to pull up these Lincoln commercials. Now so yeah the topic there's one I couldn't find that's on there's so many of them there are, but there's in a few yeah I'm gonna pull up the what the best ones I could find. Well, there's one that's on TV right now or stuff: oh yeah, I, don't know yeah, he gets in his Lincoln. He drives around there. It's there's! No dialogue and then at the end he goes no. It doesn't it's not even a word. He just goes and there's a voice over there or what no, no that's my favorite one out. He goes wow they're, [, __, ] they're, taking the piss out of the man, no I, don't think so he's like hitting the corners and then it shows him like playing pool at the same time, but there's no dialogue, no voiceover and then at the end he goes yeah I swear to Allah, see that one god I would ride so hard to fight, and maybe you guys back could find out. Well, I am but yeah what the one where he just goes: Dan because and YouTube man. So this was the I hadn't seen this one before, but this one's go. Wait no I think I've seen this one yeah. This one is where that hard facing the bull. Quite epic, no, your. That is the premise. Look at this [ __ ] guy he's acting he's trying so hard, yeah I. Think the thing is: if this move, you know it's like. Do you have to like it's one of two things he knows he's [ __ ] with us? Okay, you know take it. If you maybe he knows- maybe he doesn't, but if he doesn't then he's buying all the [ __ ] that people are feeding him over then go it's like yo Matthew, McConaughey you're, the only guy who can sit in this [ __ ] car, oh yeah, yeah, Johnny, Depp, Matthew McConaughey might be a secret Scientologist. Mmm I, don't know the vibe I get when yeah, but this move when you could sit like this move here, yeah, that's a real actor good I gotta. Do that right next, like if I get a movie saying I've, never done that in real life, but it looks good as hell right. Hmm, like you got to be a real. That's a big quote. Try to pull that off! You know it feels weird to do the luring. That's a big bull, I love it wow, I, wonder who wrote the dialogue for this? You know let's enjoy this I'm, not gonna, be Gary Oldman and that's the area open by the way. Gary Oldman. As the dwarf, you wrote the dialyzer bull. Let's enjoy this cinematic nice big ball, that's a big bowl, I! Guess all sorry Oh. He knows the name 1,800 pounds and do whatever that woman. What are you doing with your fingers? You create vacuous thing. This would be like a dream. You have yeah like a [, __ ], terrifying dream that you have to explain to a therapist. Thank you, sir. Thank you Sarah. Would that make me want to buy a car and I'm gonna, say straight up that commercials, [ __, ] stupid? It's a [, __ ], stupid commercial I will never buy a Lincoln. I wasn't gonna, but guess what you do. Wait! The over man yeah! That's a [, __, ], stupidest commercial I! Just don't understand like the budget. The writing, the planning, the execution, the hiring of Matthew McConaughey goes in millions of dollars in effort, and time and manpower goes into this uh. Well, hey we're talking about it, but but but nobody's listening spying that Lincoln yeah. Nobody also who what's a [, __ ] Lincoln, to begin with that's kind of what was funny about the Matthew McConaughey thing trying to act like I guarantee you Matthew McConaughey a man as rich as that does not drive a [ __ ] link. You know, yeah I'm, saying you know what they did. They definitely were like they gave him one soon. As I say you could say, you're driving or probably gave it's in his [ __ ] ya, garage I, yeah that that does kind of ruin like like in the neck in the next movie, where you'd be like. Oh he's playing the guy in the Lincoln commercials. Mm-Hmm she'd make a full movie of the Lincoln commercial. Now now yeah yeah yeah, now I'm buying a [, __, ] Lincoln. You know how she kill. Did you notice that, like Shaquille Rosen he's in [, __ ] movie trailers he's good like trying to be badass? That's a very good point: Gila and Shaq's, a goofy [ __ ] in every commercial chakras, I'll air shocks got the thing in his head, where exact can't believe I'm in this commercial do not I mean and you're watching it and you're like yeah. We're like this cream we're selling this cream. You rub on his leg. You don't need to tell me just I'll: do it yeah, you know well the end. This is so bad. That's a very good distinction, but the only way it would be. Okay, I think for me, is if Matthew McConaughey was like new and he was like did interviews like on like late-night couches, and he was like. Do you see those [ __ ] Lincoln commercials? You know what I mean oh yeah I'm taking their money, then I'm in right, yeah! That's not the case. Now, in fact, he's been doing these commercials for what I can only say decades. Yeah I mean really these Lincoln commercials I'll tell you they be go off for a living this time. No thanks, Dallas, buyers, club I, think I think just Dallas I want to associated with AIDS. No, no but I think that I think that he did those movies and he was like so hot and then the next thing I was like what the [ __ ] is Lincoln commercials that year it was like in three just by the way I mean he's a phenomenal I. Oh yeah, great yeah I mean lot. Have you seen true detective? She didn't want. Oh yeah, it's all awesome, you yeah I mean I, don't know, I mean he kind of plays that guy yeah. So let's see watch some other ones. Okay, I. Think, then one here about this one and then I'm gonna, hopefully find the one that I was talking about. You just need the living room within the car sleep he's in the car with like anything on the side. That's a big family. Wouldn't he be great for cut to him doing a suicide in the garage and the way kid because he looks on the suicidal, doesn't even sad. Well, there's definitely like yeah. Why are we not pretending? Like he's? The weird guy at the party hid like [ __ ] he's playing pull himself, we're gonna hang out with the family like was he doing and he was like talking. Here's like saddest, chair further away from everybody. I'm was like taking chords as a [, __ ] [, __, ] yeah. Why don't they do it link in the car for [ __ ]? Are you alright yeah? If I'm at that dinner, I'm like amen? Are you are you alright - does this? Would this would be after we had the conversation you'd be like you know what he says like me. This is gonna cut to him. Just breathing fumes. That's Lincoln right. What happens is dicks out? Look weird guy at the party that got in trouble. Everyone doesn't like this guy. The lighting is real. Weird to look slightly. Car commercials are always so who's also who sang them. Look how close up here's of the wheel like this? That's there that wasn't! It I mean that was the line, but not the commercial. But this was the line actually about you, [ __, ] off! Look! You gotta, learn this video. They cut out the part where somebody yelled at him about how he like grabbed some lady's ass yeah, really here, but this is the line. Actually he goes here. [Music] I left forever [Music]. No, he said I have no good play well, he doesn't give a [ __ ] about staying the actual line. Huh he's like I'm gonna. Do it one two? The director is that I'm doing time and I'm not gonna I'm, not gonna clarify what it sounds like I've heard this 20 times and I've just no. No, he does Wow. That was like the end of the sixth sense. I, don't I, don't like that commercial? No, why is it? The car commercials in general are such ass uh? What the [ __ ] just tell me about the car: I! Don't I, don't know! Let me most well no hold on. Let's just say, most commercials are just [ __ ] pieces of [, __ ] and there's honestly, no excuse for that. It's 30, [ __ ] seconds make it good. There should be zero bad commercials. Hmm, maybe 1% of commercials should be bad. It's so [ __ ], easy they try so hard to get all these writers. You have to check with [ __ ] it Lincoln it's okay, although we do that, it's so [, __, ] terror, it's so bad! You just get one guy be like this. Is a I'll talk about this on my podcast, like if you're gonna, if you have a commercial for pants or whatever the [ __ ], it is just have a guy coming to me like a these. Are the [ __ ]? These are the pants. These pants are great. Yeah go buy these pants. If you want these pants, if you don't want these pants, then don't buy these pants. Well, you're, not gonna, be the guy with these pants. If I was in a commercial for pants and I did that it would be good yeah. If you get somebody, it don't have to be me. If you get him to do it well, he might [ __ ], no, no he'll, [, __, ], yeah and you're like. Why is he the Lincoln? You still get a Lincoln there's no [ __ ] reason stand by this I'm gonna run for mayor on this platform. There's no reason: I have bad commercials. Well for about commercial, my favorite bad commercials that stand out to me are Mentos. You probably recall yeah, because it's it's unforgettable, how you probably haven't seen these yeah. Let me show you in fact yeah, because they are so bad that they're unforgettable and at least in their case, you know they're doing it on purpose right. That's them! That's what makes it forgivable I! Think, though, so, but we say Mentos. This is [. __ ], say: Mentos, wait, Mentos commercial, yeah, wait. They say men toss yeah. There was a Mentos, the freshmaker or whatever the [ __ ]. They say. Is it not American? It's not. It might not be, though technically, but this is I love. This I lost. My virginity is [Music] whatup, [, __ ], look at that would not work at all wow. You were right, very, very, very no hold on. Let me find another how about that? Greg walks into the interview you'd be like what the [ __ ] dude. Are you insane yeah? The song is incredible: I can't forget it gets hit by a car what a day this goes back. What am I gonna do. This is like MacGyver. Basically, [Music] go behind the car, so much faster either go behind the car min George mentos, it's so much faster, walk behind the car men to us. Dude must be not America, he should have [ __ ] got in the car, strangled the guy, killed him and then gotten back at right. Mentos for life I would eat. What's up, let's he'd put some Mentos on his corpse. What really good idea actually got the car and it was Matthew McConaughey. Oh man, people need that higher I think people need to hire. You he's just like those are some big balls. Dan said he was right. What's real aright about one, then it's not American yeah makes mentos Dan. It's me it's too. That's too far, even for the Italian goes into the car. The guy is on his phone and out of the car. That makes so much my whole life makes so much. No, it [ __ ] pinstripe suit. That's so Italian! What's so wait, so please tell me that Americans didn't make. The link in commercial then showed up on set the Mentos commercial and they were like, but what that was literally them. It was like an inception inception thing about commercial than a commercial and [ __ ] they were like, but why does he not have a pinstripe suit and they're like? Well? They don't wear them in America. He says he needs to have a pinstripe suit, like let's change the whole commercial roll around, and then they were like yeah. He has a pinstripe suit, wow dude Mentos. What's with the Italians, they their roots, go deep in a lot of Industry. They make great cars, great clothing, and now it turns out with their food or is a fantastic yeah, but now I found out there making Mentos right. Why do you? Why are Jews being accused of conspiracies when really the Italians control everything the Pope yeah, also pet? They have a monopoly on pedophilia as well. They they get the corner market area. I mean I. Don't want that one, but I'm saying they've done they do they love it. Yeah they're great, at okay, they're. They they look good while doing it. That's a bad commercial. There was a bad there's, no excuse for it. Now! It's so true! Yeah and you know the Super Bowl is such a scheme to because they do it just for the commercials. It's like [, __ ]. You is the British trick, I'm! Not why I didn't watch this. It's the greatest trick! Anybody! Let me tell you something to anybody who says: oh I watch this Super Bowl. Just for the commercials is the most boring person in the room: okay, okay, don't! First of all, first of all those commercials, [ __, ], suck right they're, not good. Okay right, maybe they used to be or something I don't know, but they're not now you watch them and this I watch them like this. Hey, okay, you watch the Super Bowl for the Super Bowl. Okay right I, don't watch the Super Bowl. Okay. What about the halftime show? I mean it just yeah. It was fine, I mean you know, I, don't feel good or bad I. Don't know how does even know anyone. Eight people like love to make fun of the halftime show unless it's Beyonce, you know what it means, because it's like Beyonce can't do no wrong, but, like you knew being maroon 5 that there was gonna be like oh they're, gonna they're gonna make fun of them, you know, but what shocked me about getting Adam Levine is like of all the artists that are popular like who gives a [ __ ] about Adam Levine. You know like nobody really he's not like on the rise. I get it but he's so big though he has a lot of hit when I heard you know, I mean he's, got he's on that. Show right he's so big they're, so big, and they have some. They have some [ __ ] hit yeah yeah, but his tats I mean. Did you see his tats? That kind of stuff to me? Yeah I knew that though I saw I saw, he looked like it was photoshopped arm and as a gag yeah yeah. It's weird they're very, like spaced and, like he's, got like a butterfly California. You know: yeah, he's cool he's a cool-looking dude though I think I. Think a lot of people give him [ __ ], just because he's who he is but like wouldn't leave them in the [ __ ] room with your federal help. No [ __ ], the [ __ ] yeah yeah, yeah, yeah I, get it yeah. Mmm yeah come on. I saw ya what you and [ __ ], the [ __ ] of Adam Levine. That's a big big I would eat his dirty [ __ ], nice, nice yeah. That's moves like Jagger dude, but I do hate. When he says I got moves like Jagger, he doesn't dance. Does that bother you yeah, he's um! He's kind of he's got a great voice he's not that good at dancing, though you know when he saw next to the ever. Oh I got like Travis Scott like doing his thing and driving me crazy. He was telling me ether. It's not a good point. He's thinking. I've got moves like Jagger yeah, but he's not the even dancing yeah. That's like the only it's literally like he's. Just like you would be like I'm, a [ __ ]. You know I'm a car salesman, Lou and you're like no you're, not you don't sell cars on the lot selling cars and you're like what I'm literally selling my job I'm, not a singer. All right. Let's take a break we'll be back with Chris D'elia. We've got so much more great things to watch. The time is just flying by because we're having a great time so don't go away, we'll be right. Back, there's never been an easier time to start listening on, audible, listed on any device anytime anywhere at home at the gym on there on your commute, while you're gaming or just on the go. You also enjoy easy audio book exchanges, rollover credits and an audiobook library. You keep forever. Even if you cancel go to audible.com, slash, h3 podcast or text h3 podcasts to 500 500 browse their unmatched selection of audio content and listen for a change. There's a better there's, no better place to listen than audible, because now audible members get even more exclusive audio fitness programs, audiobooks, audible, originals and more and now with audible originals. You can experience even more custom content made exclusively for audible members. Now, if you want a great recommendation for a book, you can get right now. Now many of you may have seen it. The recent movie that came out by Stephen King, who wrote the book I love. That movie was phenomenal. Guess what part 2 is coming out soon and it the book is available for streaming on audible, and this audiobook is incredible. Beautifully read, written written, read is written, that's not the right word. It's beautifully read narrated and the original book. It is basically a Bible and Part one and two is in the same book. So you can read that now before the second part comes out on audible, so go listen to it by Stephen King. Before the new movie comes out, so you can enjoy it even more. Every month, that's an audible member. You get one credit good for any audiobook you choose to automatically. You cannot get anywhere else. Audible members also get access to audio fitness health workouts. To begin your year on the right foot get started with a 30-day trial when you go to audible.com, slash, H, Street, podcast or text h3 podcasts do 500 500 audible the most inspiring minds, the most compelling stories, the best place to listen. Postage rates have gone up again. Thankfully, stamps Cobb can ease the pain with big discounts off the post office. Retail rates well stamp calm. You can save 5 cents off every first-class stamp and up to 40% off Priority Mail. That's the kind of savings that really add up, especially for a small business plus stamps table, is completely override, which saves you time and let's face it. Folks, there's nothing more valuable than that. No more inconvenient trips to the post office stamps table automatically calculates and prints the exact amount of postage you need for every letter or package you sent and you'll never overpay or under pay again stamps or clubs brings you all the services of the US Postal Service right to your fingertips by imprint official US postage for any letter any package, any class of mail use of your own computer and printer Sam Cobb makes it easy. They send you a free digital skill. What automatically calculates the exact postage? What these people are sending out scales? What do they lost their minds? Chef, Sal Cobb, will help you decide the best class of male based on your needs. Sap comm saves you money. They give you the postage discounts you get at the post office, including five cents off every first-class stamp. Anything you could do at the post office. You could do now from your desk for less steps. Calm, it's easier! It's cheaper, there's, no lines! It's a frickin no-brainer and with the free skill with a free scale to automatically pick out the postage everytime guys this really a no-brainer. If you mail things, you've got to get on over to stamps, calm and right now for our listeners, you get a special offer that includes a four week, trial, plus free postage and that digital skill that everybody is raving about see if your stuff weighs 700 thousand small businesses use stamps calm, so go to stamps.com click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3, so stamps comm find the microphone at the top of the page and enter h3. There are so many brilliant software's online and you have no way of finding out who or where or what it is until kaptara kaptara is this wonderful aggregate they put together every incredible software on their website with human reviews, people interacting and telling you which ones they like, which one they don't like. You just go you type in the category that you want. Let's say: content management systems, business solutions, money, management, video, editing, I mean they have every software aggregated and to this for businesses, if you are still doing things the old way, it's time to get into that new year, with kaptara comm cap tears deleting free online resources to help you find the best software solutions for your business. They've got over 700,000 reviews for products from your software users discovering everything you need to make an informed decision, search more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from project management to email, marketing, to yoga studio management. Software I mean that's pretty fricking niche they've got it all. As my point and no matter what kind of software your business model needs, kaptara makes it easy to discover the right solution fast, so join the millions of people that already use kaptara every month to find the right tools for their business. We've used this pre. We've used this to help us we've been trying to find software to help manage basically how how to communicate and organize our thoughts among amongst our companies, and we were able to blow the name of the software we found them air table air table, it changed, we're just writing emails and all the sudden we got air table which had these great reviews we plugged it in and now we have a system to organizing all of our thoughts. It was incredible, wouldn't have found it without kaptara. So if you are looking for software to elevate your business to find the perfect one to make your life easier, go to kaptara, comm, / h3, it's free today right now find the tools that make not 2019 the year for your business, so go to kaptara, Cobb, /, h3, that's kaptara, see Apte are are a.com, slash, h3, welcome back everybody to our it's, it's a new thing and I, don't know who's going next, it's it's one of us, so it may just be me, and this is how it's gonna be for the rest of the grant. Congratulations pot. Now this is congratulate anew studio. We're gonna keep the h3 podcast sign. What we're gonna call it. The congratulations, podcast and that's how it's gonna be, and that's fine and that's what I Erie is he he's back? We joked with you, man he came back is like they're on right. Now he just went in and killed bathroom Conner, you know, Lincoln's are cheap. I looked up the price after that, that's you were late. Yeah, bye, Lincoln, real, quick 77,000 for the one he was wow, that's a low! That's why I thought I didn't I would I knew they were not cheap, but that's way more than I thought. They were that's way way more than I thought it was you know what do you know why it's cuz, that old people buy that [ __ ]? They have money yeah! That's why yeah kinda is young for them right, like let's get somebody [, __, ], sprite and young right like who it's either between Matthew McConaughey or Abe Vigoda. So now that we're back from the break, there's now kind of another video I wanted to show you keep this our good choices of video. Thank you very much. I appreciate you saying that so I think you're gonna really enjoy this next one as well. Let me just pop this baby. I mean really good with it to the tiptoes one great and every way you segwayed into the Matthew McConaughey. Well we're on the same page. All thank you appreciate you saying that they're cueing the stuff yeah. This is fun. This is track. Oh damn it! Okay, yeah I! Don't think you really there's other foot - did you know that I mean this? Is this as far as I'm aware? Is the whole? Oh, okay, oh I got you it's the whole set yeah. So [Music], that's my! Is it cool? That's because that's hard and the Jesus, you know, first of all, he's pretty good at pop and locking yeah dinner through the power I need this hydro close on it. Can you explain for the for the audio listeners just what we're seeing here? So what you're seeing here is a little history. I'm, not he's a Hispanic gentleman. He looks a little bit like a gang gangster gang banger with a shirt that says Jesus and he's pop-locking like real hardcore. Jesus Christ, we love you God and he's just yeah he's pop walking like crazy. It's really good at it. Yeah I want to know if somebody is shooting this or if you set up a tripod, it's a tripod. It's way, look there's the sort of truth where you lay the fight up all award just and everybody know Jesus points and all those who comes with eternal. So what did he say? Jesus Christ, I love, you dog at one point I, think he I think he's saying: I love you God, because that I prefer dog me too. I love you dog, Jesus. That guy is that guy that God loves Jesus Christ, oh yeah. Of course I thought he was Australian because he's always a cloister, but I, don't think they got him to do a sermon or something like they brought him. Onstage and I was doing it. Yeah for white people, yeah, so [, __ ]. Had somebody pull that up. Please. It was like a bunch of white people were like old wife. You were like this is: what's this is what's hot for some, you know: you're serious, oh yeah. I saw someone pull that up. Please just course we love God will love you I, like the Hat I love the idea that God's up and having like yeah Oh, get it yeah, get it yeah, yeah yeah, he's making it happen, yeah this guy at the pearly gates, he's like he's like breakdancing, yeah or he's just like he gets when you get that guy's kiss to heaven. Jesus is gonna, be like hey man. I really didn't approve that [ __ ] Wow dude. That guy is that guy's, probably I'm gonna go out on a limb he's probably the most [ __ ] annoying person. You can be around that guy mmm. Imagine just sitting at a koala fate with that guy you'd be like Oh God. You know, okay, I can't! Imagine it as much else to talk about right and even if he does it's probably the same thing or like he's like Oh, Rison and you're, just like I, don't it doesn't matter that much and he's like no I got bet they got a bit of family play. You could have a baby. You know that's how he is and you're just like. Oh okay and you're, like you just say, okay, because you know you know, he's gonna stop talking about it, but not gonna switch to Verizon yeah and then later eyes. It I guarantee that's what that guy's laughs, yeah I didn't get a chance to a man. You wasting valuable food sort of crude sort of you know. Are you finding that clip of him Dan yeah I'm, looking for it right now, I, don't know where I saw on the right keyword for sure alright I'm gonna keep looking moving forward. Keep this things flowing. I mean I, really want to see that, though yeah. So what else we got here today? Shall we talk? Oh of course the, but well. First of all I saw that you tweeted out your biggest show you've ever gone, took place recently, yeah in Chicago. Not only that, but the [ __ ] yeah in a row how many people did you perform for so that's 3,500 show so I sold that out in it I, don't know, what's up with Chicago, just I sold out in a day and then I had to add another one: I couldn't I couldn't it was supposed to be the next day the next it was a Super, Bowl mmm sounds like I had to redo it so reschedule it so I put it for in a few months and then that sold out in a day, so I had a third Wow yeah. It's crazy Chicago. We love you dogs course. You love this girl, congratulations yeah! The trip for me even yeah, you think about adding a for show, really listen up. Well, it's not the third one. There's still tickets left, so I don't know I still in a foreign away. All you [ __ ] in Chicago yeah. We love you dog, we'd love your door. They buy tickets at Crystal, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's it's awesome! Man I mean I. Have this tour has been the biggest I mean I'm doing so. Many cities, I didn't even know, existed I just because I'm having fun with it man you go like as a comedian like I love, my job I love going onstage I was weird to even call it a job but like to go. You know sometimes, like you fall in and out of love with like touring. You know it's a lot. You go to [ __ ] is really hard, yeah and you're at a different city. Every night. If you're, you know, and so sometimes doing two shows sometimes doing three shows a night which is just like that's rude I've, so I've done that a few times yeah, it's brutal I got to do that. Third, one as good as the first. Ah, that's a good question. Sometimes it's you're tired, but I mean like I'm doing in Huntington, New York I have three shows in one day coming up and I'm gonna do one at like 5:00 7:30 and then like 10, something but I've done it. The other way we're in Atlanta I added a late show, and it was like seven, nine, thirty, seven, nine thirty and then like 11:30, and it was just like I. Do that one you're just like boom boom. You do this bit yet I, don't even know I do the part with you and they're like yeah. No, it's it's a lot but I like I like I. My whole thing is like I, don't like sit down and write. I have ideas that I come up with during the day and then when I get super bored of my material, which is the more and more shows that I do I'll. Just like throw out this idea that I have on stage and that yeah most well in the beginning, it is yeah and when I went to cut when I start talking about a bit I'm, just kind of like feeling it out, because I I've realized for me, I'm good in front of people and and because I feel the energy and I'm like and when I'm sitting down, writing I. Think I know it's funny, but I I need somebody to be. You know me and like to bounce it to like yeah to see the reaction when I'm saying it. You know so, while you're touring you're experimenting with I mean it's it, the the tour one now to follow the delete. The follow the leader tour is pretty much my hour set, but I do get bored of it. I mean I'm doing you know: [ __, ] City after City, after City I'm doing show after show I mean I, don't know how many times I've performed this act now yeah I'll start adding to it, but it all will fit within the confines of what I'm talking about you know. I won't just start being like like if I think like, if we're talking about the linking hammer so be like. Oh that's a funny thing to make fun of like I'm, not just gonna start talking about that. It needs to fit with an adage. Usually it usually grows off of the what I'm talking about well, it seems like you've been having an incredible last year and already this year, it's like you're, I'm, really fortunate and I'm. Really it's just it's just really. [ __ ] cool people give a [ __ ] back. Do you know that mean like in that they want to come out and it's just it's just you know, I sit and I think about it. Sometimes and I'm. Just really fortunate and I'm. Really thankful and I I think it's [, __, ], awesome and I mean I, mean just people. Listen to this podcast. It's like it's crazy. You guys start you one day you started doing it. Do you know what I mean I still, don't believe that real people are talented. Have you ever done a live, podcast, yeah yeah. We did want to his phone on Cooper fun and we sold out it was where was it? It was oh yeah, but it was like so stressful and so much work. I was like it's a lot of work through that again technically complicated. We brought all of our equipment, so it was so fun though I was like buzzing, yes fun when you're on the stage doing it federal but then yeah, so we haven't done it since then I always wonder. Do you have like a pre-show ritual? Do you eat between shows or do you not you drink? You don't drink I, don't drink, but I usually eat right before it's just from added to shows so I can just because I are so definitely the middle, but like what I would I what I do before my show is just relax now now I don't get nervous anymore because I've done it so much and but like so I just it's weird. It's like you get to the venue and you just sometimes I fall asleep beforehand, really yeah. It's amazing yeah, yeah yeah! You wake up feeling good yeah, ands ORS, not too close to the show start. You know it's like wake up girl go on. How do you relax I'm good at it now I I used to buzz off of the show, just like, but I'm good at just kind of I'm good at not thinking about anything and just chilling. You know just like when I get back in town on you know a Sunday or Monday, whether it is any, but it just being like I used to feel guilty about, like not doing anything. I'll just go um. You know I'll get a coffee, I'll, [, __, ], chill and not think about anything, and it feels good man mmm that's hard to do. It is it's hard to learn how to do yeah. You just gotta make yourself to it. It's like like when you guys, when you guys. Are you good as good about sleeping hand? No, no okay, so I wake up at like 7:30 and I'm wide awake and I [ __ ] make myself stay in bed. Til I fall asleep again, even if it takes an hour plus and you need that man. It's like you. You need that if you're on the go, and if your sleep is the is, is arguably the most important thing happens and like I make myself do it. I know I have to because I'm gonna be on the road. I'm gonna be I. Sometimes I only get you know three hours of sleep a night so doesn't get no sleep. Cuz I gotta get take an early show early flight to Albany I gotta, [, __ ] show it. You know 8:00 p.m. and I'm gonna get in at like 5:00. With the time difference, I go right to the show: I got no sleep, I make myself sleep, I'm a male [, __ ]. That's such an important yeah and it's frustrating, but when you wake up after that, second time you fall asleep. It's [, __ ]. What we're like alright I used to feel guilty. You know awake, even if ya mean I, don't wake up at like 1:00, you know, but if I, even if I were to I, wouldn't feel bad about it, I I think it's just from like you get this source of satisfaction when you complete what is it called dopamine or whatever, and so yeah from being productive and and and when do you work a lot, you know and you're working all the time yeah then, when you stop and you're, like, oh I'm. Finally, gonna take a day off because I've been working for 10 days straight that all the sudden you're not getting that dopamine in feeling guilty because you feel so on, but like it's [ __ ] up yeah and you guys love your love. What you do right, yeah so and I do too, but it's like what are you doing it for? What are you doing it all for to just keep doing it? I mean yeah, but also what about you guys hang out? What about you know? You're gonna have a baby. What about you know whatever it is? It's like you got. You got a like. I had one of the heart. What am I on best friends? Wouldn't he coming just like? Oh, she did she's better at it now but like six years ago, like I'm like what are you doing all this, for she would work, work, work, work, work and it's just like well, but what about hang out have a life yeah usually good at it now but like, but it's like you know, oh you take it. You gotta, you have to. Let yourself feel okay about that yeah you have to yeah III. That's occurred to me a lot recently too. That's I think in the beginning to like, when you're coming up, it's so much about the grind, yeah and so much about just being focused and working all the time that when you achieve that success, but the grind yeah going and you need to learn to be like I- have to have a life too right. Well, not only that is up with your grinding because you're trying to get the work and then you get the work and then you keep getting more work and you're still in that grinding mentality. You're, like oh I, got to take this [ __ ] work now that I'm getting it, but it's late it like I, got to grind this day off. Yeah yeah, you don't have to you know it's hard to say. No, though you know it's hard to like it's hard to say no, to work, it's hard to say no to money. Yes, yeah! You know it's are like yeah, but what are you doing it all for is was what I try to think of, and it's like you know, that's good, but um I think one man does have the answer. Who's. That and who might that be, is what I saw [Applause] [Music] with this place. I can beat a college lab [Applause] another one, no idea what he's doing [ __, ], [Applause], [Music] white people in the audience are just like: okay, like they don't. Let me get a look at this. Let's do a spread they're all way and old by the way. That's like his friend right there. It's just hilarious that these people, by the way, if they saw this guy on the street, they'd, be like walk to the other side. Yeah, you know I mean that's sort of got enough. Wow. These old people are so confused, they're on the same team, but yeah they're, not real yeah. It's like you, know, yeah, sort of sort of sort of truth, brother. It's we're not violent. It is but I know he's short holy war yeah ready to put all the war. We were along, but we didn't really do sure. Lincoln yeah I just noticed the name of this channel where the stage as member Mike Christian hip-hop hits justice all wow just as hard as what, but it does say, that's a gang member Mike servant. So he is a hex gang member, oh yeah. We knew that though huh because of the teardrop tattoos yeah. That's a little bad I felt like some people might be angry. That I said well, it's a gang member you're right so we'll suck my [ __ ] boner of Justice yeah, a boner of truth I mean thank you hit that that is so fierce with the bop lot, it's violent yeah. You know the only the thing I say is: if you're gonna do something like people who that's my favorite move by the way, there's no way I, don't like a move better though he breaks the chain like a mo better than I love. Any breakout change. The ultimate flex is the best look at him. Getting it coming out of the womb. Look at the worst technique of all time: yo we just play I, don't know, but he dropped the whole [Applause] Wow man I hate to say it. You know I I, don't you know I those [ __ ] are insane those [ __, ], yeah, yeah, yeah yeah any time a group of people get together and are believing something is pretty [ __ ], crazy, really, crazy. It's pretty like I, wonder what. How can you stretch the limit of that, like there's almost no exception to them? Now, there's nah, a bunch of people come together, believing in something yeah right, crazy, yeah, yeah! It's to do. People are too different. You can't, if you all believe in one thing, founding fathers yeah founding fathers yeah they came together, yeah Constitution, mm-hmm crazy. They did have slaves yeah, but also how many were there of those people. Well, there was 13 founding fathers. I thought many, that's not a group! Isn't it saying like if you have like 100 200 people, mm-hmm and they're, all believing in one thing. Let me tell you something and you're about to chime in eventually something I think. There's more than 13: well, they sign they signed right, I! Guess! If you just signed what the declaration you know what Dan I don't know what I'm talking about stop yeah! Thank you. No! It's thank ya. If you, you know, I mean I I, joke about in my podcast. How I have a cult and I really want one yeah, yeah and and if we're all together, at least it's it's like we'll yeah crazy, but at least like we're all believing in my [ __ ]. You know I mean well yeah if you're the guy, it's not so bad for you, it's great for you, it's good for everybody. Apparently that's what yeah that's cold! Big-Time cold thing is poison. Everybody force a lot of people on you poisoned. Some people want to get [, __, ] and poisoned you love. You got the sword of Liu yeah. That sounds good and they pay you yeah yeah yeah, so yeah, it's a it's a [, __ ], they're, crazy yeah. What else we got here? So? Oh, my goodness, Eminem has finally ignored yeah that was [ __ ] wild I mean I, saw that I was so happy for you because Chris, if you guys don't know it was it absolutely. Has this incredible, mmm and impression I can't I mean this was the second one I guess they went kind of viral right. Yeah I did a first one. A few months ago, when his album came out the first one with the BAP game, yeah yeah, yeah, thanks yeah I, was just in my driveway and I was just like I. Did it and I posted I didn't think of it and it went viral heavy and then and then, like a few rappers hit me up and like we're like aw it's funny, but I was like rappers, don't really like take rappers. Take them so seriously. You know I mean even Eminem like as funny as he is. It's like you. Don't it's like they're worried about looking stupid. You know so so are you're a fan a minute: oh yeah, yeah, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah for sure, yeah, and so I did so. I did this. So he came out with that. 11 minute, freestyle, yes, and that was like I was like I- should make fun. I should do that, but then I was like I, don't like to do. [, __ ] again, I, don't like to do it I feel like people. If something becomes viral, then they'll they want more of it and it's like it. That turns me off, but I was just like cleaning out my garage and I was like be funny to do it here and I. Just I just did it and then so Eminem tweeted it out. He said this is incredible: I like how it keeps it real though, and he said he uses the number for you. I respected that I was like Marshall Mathers still, gotta be story for second actually guy. It was me incredible and even tags. You were sweet guy, that's cool, so without further ado, I love how you're out of breath! That's why two minutes you saw he was we need to deliver funny, can I not like what the is going on my screen, damn what the government? What is that on the YouTube thing or on the screen? Trike just click on the YouTube I'm intrigued then concern it's, the yeah you're getting hacked, we're being hacked its anything. Just like you. What are you doing right? This I didn't realize how very mmm it was to like probably throw it at the camera. That's a good one, so I mean when you first saw the heat. Did you find that out when he tweeted it out? How did you find out my so I got a bunch of text, but I was on my phone and he my buddy texted me and was like dude hmmm and I was like. Oh he's texting me because it's like two days ago, I did that you know yeah and I was like yeah bro and he was like. Oh my god and I was like yeah. What and they sent me. The screenshot and I was like why I thought he made it up and I was and I looked at the Twitter Eminem's Twitter and I was like. Are you [, __ ] kidding me and then my phone just struggling Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing yeah I was [ __ ], crazy I mean people went back. That's like you know, I mean he's. Like top all over the news: yeah yeah yeah. There were so many articles about it and [ __ ]. It was so funny because it was like you realize how famous he is right. You know, cuz, like I I have fans and [ __ ], but it's like you know. Nobody was like I mean people, it went viral but and- and some people would write about it but like once, he recognized it. Everyone was like Eminem recognizes. Crystally is impression: I was like oh that's, [, __, ], Fame yeah. That guy still sound like fifty thousand I, know he's incredible. Man he's ridiculous, yeah and I. You know, but I don't get is when I before he recognized it. People were like [ __ ] off. You know. You know I'm most people like positive about it, but the people, the fans, the stands or whatever we're like you're a [ __ ], like you, don't even sound like him he's like the people were literally like, though the lyrics aren't even good I'm like yeah. That's what comedy is you know what I mean and then and then then he thought it was funny. So then, a lot of the guys thought a lot of his fans thought it was funny and but people still were like I, don't give a [ __ ]. If em and I'm like dude, that's disrespectful, my same dude, the only other time I felt that was with Justin Bieber when I did the Bieber roast and then I also I made fun of Selena Gomez on Seth Meyers show once and I got a lot of hate from from Brazil like, but it's like Brazil or like poor Portuguese people. Like you they're, like you, know, Bibi, you don't know what the [ __ ] you're talking about baby yeah. Did you ever speak with Eminem? Did you guys ever connect? No I, just retweeted it and I figured I figured. You knew you that might have been in like a slide into the dams moment, but did he follow you on twitter I? Don't think so? No I, don't think he's too big yeah he's like I like this, but I don't follow. But here's the thing, though, like for him like like make no mistake, he's top five or whatever they say. You know what I mean like, but hip-hop has changed and a lot of people think that rapping is out of fashion yeah because he's trying too hard or whatever the he's actually good and talented and doing some [ __ ] he's not mumble rap, but but so so the younger generation thinks that's corny. So what what he should do is something like what he did. There is retweet that no saying like look I know what you guys think I do this is this. Is you know this is me taking the piss out of myself saying, like oh I thought this was me obviously joking and and and saying, but this is what I do and your mother, like it's he's still [ __ ] good at it. Yeah do you know what I mean and so like that I was always like. You know. It didn't have to be me, but he should. He should have like address that somehow and he did there but like because, like you know, [ __ ] changes comedy changes to hip-hop is like that. Comedies, like that, you know it's just like you know. If you go back and you listen to like Bill Cosby like in the early 80s, it's like it's not funny. You know anymore, like boy yeah, it's like we're doing different [ __ ]. Now you know so you guys need a collab me and Bill cuz I said maccann is fantastic. He wrote I love it. So you said some rappers reached out anyone. Yeah wale said it was Tommy. Tommy was really [, __, ] funny and Royce, the five nine who was Eminem's boy, one love, I love, while I -, but Bruce five nine commented on it. I can't remember if DJ premier said something or not, he said something on something: I signed another one of my post he's my favorite producer of all time. Yeah I mean yeah. It's it's a trip. It's cool! It's cool yeah! It's amazing! It's amazing I love to see that it's just this, this silly little meme has gone all the way up. It went all the way. Yeah the man himself, yeah yeah, and then I saw you talking about this on the podcast on your podcast I'm fascinated by our Kelly. Oh yeah, I love everything our Kelly related yeah and you mean daddy I. Sorry I mean that you have to call him daddy. You might be too old to call him daddy, but daddy can I get a sandwich. Daddy! No, but I saw a clip that that you open my eyes. Do that Pulu? No, this thing in the oh! You can see that until you saw me talk about it. Oh yeah! Oh, my God he's so steel rap about anything. The way he raps is so weird I'm, getting a sandwich yeah just like yeah I'm, taking a piss and I'm wet my [, __, ] and and and like enough people will be like, but that's really how it is. That's like I got so are Kelly I'm have to wrap this up soon, because my I'm dying I, don't know if you guys could tell but I'm literally dying, it's okay there's been an hour right yeah. We must in a terrific hour, let me say as long I like coming on here, man I wish I could stay longer than having so much fun with you, but what car come back yeah so are Kelly's in Ethiopia of all places. Yes, Nate Ford, you know, I, don't know when this was or anything like that, but I guess we should watch it before. He probably did a free show just to groom. It is new year, so it says Happy, New Year, so so listen to our Kelly sing to his fans. I got it. You have your passport. Did you get your shots back? This is an actual invitation, he's not getting no sex slave yeah I'll pee on you, but but here's the thing, though, like R&amp;B is known to be the sexiest music. You can't make it less sexy, then. What he's saying do you have your passport is just so functional right and then to be like. Did you get your shots like it's, just not only functional, it's gross you're like wait for what for typhoid fever, like what I don't want you sick, bringing stuff back to America. You know exactly because, first of all, if you migrate to Larry, have you been vaccinated? Do you have your passport? It seems like I'm, seeing in a song but I'm, actually inviting you yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah, with the context of like what actually oh yeah. That is. It's also like the kind of thing where, before you knew this [ __ ] was going down. You'd, be like that's really funny it's funny. It's I get it he's singing about actual things you have to do to you know it's not just he's not beating around the bush like they used to with R&amp;B music. You know what I mean, but now, and so it's its own, but now it's like, but like oh [, __ ]. He really brought people back and he pissed on him. I bet you met girls, backstage yeah, dead, okay, like I, said I'll, do you have yeah and yeah? Let's go, it was like, oh, so we're going it's just like yeah and then they get to the thing they get to the thing and then they're like we're, leaving and then like. Oh this, she can't go, she doesn't have her passport or her shots and he's he literally was like. Did you heard the song yeah? What did I say? Did you not understand when I was singing? That's why I sing it? That way? That's way right! That's why our Kelly songs are so fantastic because he's not really singing he's. Just talking, no I, don't think he's like Paul Simon, AHA, Paul Simon. You should do it he's like I went to the market and then I am and Anna he's doing it way. Rocher and worse, rape, the girl, yeah I, mean I, mean that's amazing. I mean trapped in the closet. Was it like 50 minutes long, it's about him being in the closet, yeah yeah trapped in the closet, incredible unreal I mean he came out with a new one, trying to defend himself I heard that yeah is real, awful he's such a legend any worse way. You know what I mean yeah yeah. Did you get your shots, keep listening so with this rehearse before cuz, then he says: Rob yeah, with Robbie's name, first name basis, yeah, that's! Actually that's how he grooms up he's like Oh Rob, we're close when all sudden yeah call me daddy yeah. That's what have we learned in the our Kelly documentary on lifetime? I said he made the girls seen it no I, don't man, my girl said it was [ __ ], it's fantastic! If you read articles about it and so on, it's all real and, like everyone says it's great. Oh it's fantastic I mean it's weird to say something. Like that's great. You know it's like the Holocaust was like oh fantastic. This documentary about the whole [ __ ] phenomenal. No, but it it keeps getting away with [ __ ]. So it's like! Well, because he he what he does, is he really tortures these girls that he torments them and emotion, he's almost like methodical and skilled at torque, tormenting them to the point where they don't want to leave right so and so it's not a Lee go what he's doing but like they go. Undercover and the girls are very scared. They're, very scared of leaving like a mom clothes, to try to get her daughter back, and she is terrify her de bout this and eventually she that she comes down with the mom, but like he grooms these girl like. Why he's like a cult? Yes, yeah, it's a cult book. It really has this phases like it's like he's. Got this like 10 step to make you a slave, the kids really perfectly how to do it like it starts with like I'm gonna, be your mentor and then they talk for a while and then they're like. Why don't you come live with us in our studio and then it's like. Why don't you call me daddy and then I have to call me Dad and let me take your phone. You don't need to talk to all these outside people. That's true! You have to ask permission to do anything like this again go to the bathroom and out for me. How annoying is that they have to peek outside and ask for food to go to the bathroom. The score was like I hadn't eaten for days and I was pounding on the floor to get permission to eat food, and then each girl has a room, and then there was like this one room where he were yet sex with other girls, and they were doing a tour of this house and the girl was started crying when she saw this room and she's like I. Can't even oh I can't even tell you about the girls. Were there doesn't it's a lot and then to make it even worse? Some of the girls are really young like 15, oh well alia, and oh, she was long. She was starting, oh [, __, ] dude. What more do you need to know about? The guy is that alia was like 14 when he started yeah I. Remember that and she started singing. That love is just our age is just a number: oh [, __ ], it's cuz. She was [ __ ] r.kelly, someone had her passports and chaozhong. Yeah wait is that the one that died, yeah, r.I.p, yeah, [, __ ] man- definitely watch that yeah. Well, there's a couple of things: I don't get it like. Did they actually rehearse it cuz there's backup singers and they, like they know, yeah they're, just like passport get your shots. I saw this I was like yeah. Give you joy he's like Aladdin on the carpet right now, he's literally like this is working like that. Yes, this was probably before the internet was big is like nobody's. Having like this is a Disney ride. Potentially, oh, oh wow, yeah, that's my real Andy Don, as you can by say daddy. This is the ultimate now yeah. Look at the guy right. There just think of what, though [ __ ], that's hilarious. You can see his face from behind he's so passionate if you're gonna do something. I was gonna, say that earlier on, stop because we start talking with some else. If you're gonna do something like the geez kroy's like be passionate about a man, there's too much [ __ ] out there do that. If you don't want to be [, __ ] doing what you're doing be the [ __ ] just cross guys, that's what do it? Thou papers out, getting a whole fight the holy war and and there's the enemy over there and get him gotta keep going I'm having too much fun. I should stop, but, like I just saw this yeah, this was [ __, ], stupidest, [, __, ], okay, so my theory, okay. So what we're looking at is the Monterey Bay Aquarium poster with a meme about a fat water, no I think we've shown it here before no Dan have we talked about this before this is the first time I'm, seeing that no I don't usually pay well. So what happened? Was the Monterey Bay Bay Aquarium put this posted this? They wrote a B as a thick girl. They did this. She chunk by the way is my favorite yeah, especially that they pasted out that they [ __ ] space it out she Chah. Okay now and then they got heat because they were saying that it was like ethnic slang, its Chong I. Don't know about that, but I guess oh load she'd coming in thick girl, I guess that's an F I think they I don't know, I, don't know, but so and then so now, they're apologizing. So but it's all part of the same thread right but fascinates. We said they never erased the original tweet, yeah and body positivity positivity seriously, though Abby's looking fit for one seriously, though Abby really his chunk, yeah she's chocolate spaced that out real a lot and then now here it begins. This is the best come on. I can't read it. My throat is [ __ ], hey everyone. It has come to our attention that some of the references in this tweet are problematic and insensitive. We're posting here in the threads so that people who have engaged with this tweet will join us in our learning moment. [ __ ] off. If our tweet alienated you, please know that we are deeply sorry and that we offer our sincerest apologies. If you follow our food feed, we often reference popular memes to talk about the ocean. I mean in this case the memes used had connotations. We were unaware of until now. In particular, seven terms. Look at this [ __ ] originated from african-american vernacular English, hey V and specific reference black woman's bodies using them in a sea, otter meme. With that too, it's making it worse, you're making it worse. We need to do better. No, you don't you're a [, __ ] aquarium, you're an aquarium. How about be better and let the animals go? Don't [, __ ] cage up lives, Jesus Christ. This is so [ __ ], stupid, [, __ ], you Monterey Bay, Aquarium I, like you for apologizing. Our mission is to inspire conservation of the ocean. We're thankful for your support as we try to advance that mission on social media. We're also thankful for those pointing out our blind spots and how we can improve so here's my theory because they didn't erase the original tweet yeah. It's the same person having a laugh, yeah I I. Think that there's a notion that if you delete the tweet you're trying to cover up what you actually did and you need learn from it- I think that's what it is. It's erasing evidence yeah, so I think that what they're doing I think some people think all you raised it. You [ __ ]. You know what I mean no matter what they do. They're [ __ ]. They even did like one of four to eight boards. I like this is a novel yeah I'm gonna need you to I. Just like like. Is this the point where people are actually getting offended? Also sheet chunk, yeah and let's, let's, let's not forget this, she is charge. Think I mean she is chunk. Dude, oh load. She comes what I mean I love the fact that they were like they. Also how about, if you care so much, don't make your animals obese? How about give them healthy, there's a lot of before this happened. Other things should have happened all over the place, but Lord is she karma? Did you see the PETA thing how they, how they yeah we watch them? Can we show it because there's dicks? No, but it's okay, here's what I want to do! Here's, what I'm Nydia just tell somebody to blur it out. I'm gonna make one I want to you. Watch it and then comment. Okay, so it'll be like a reaction. Video yeah, so we're not gonna show it come. Yeah did I close. This word we're at the end here anyway. So you know, we've been to them. Link me that Dan you're talking about the the V, the veggie dicks, yes, okay and it's so weird to see them tweeting like what has happened like the museum or an aquarium. Everyone's gotta have this sort of truth, man, all right so Chris. Here it is Aguila. Oh [, __ ]! No, no I can't show this I can't show this I can't show this really well. Take it off. I can't buy my mouse. Huh Sheila show it on your laptop, that's gonna, be in dick you're gonna love. This yeah I believe to convert people with this video yeah. Oh you don't have sound good time down. You can play South Africa beer. Okay, this is a PETA commercial yeah. Is it working? Oh yeah, it's working on me. Duke food I want to be in this Marshall, but that guys look like such grease, but like what guys I mean I, guess, hey guys what guys gonna do like eat a banana instead of that steak. How many views is this kind of a big job? Probably a lot because of the half, a million on the Facebook version, I'm sure there's a ton on the YouTube -, hey, it's well done, but I really like how they had the cilantro look at like pubes yeah. That's how the same thing yeah very compel. You know you're not gonna, you're, not gonna mean it's not gonna work. People are gonna, eat meat, I want to eat meat. When I watch that yeah, you know what I literally was like. Okay I should eat something like that. Okay and then I thought, oh, but you know we'll be really good at burger right. Food makes me just think: I'm the food yeah all right, I'm done! Thank you for coming in yeah, I warned Chris I said you know what dude I'm sick. So if you don't want none of this aids, you know I, give you fair warning, but Chris was a soldier. He took the sword of truth. He went on a holy war. I said that enemies over there doesn't get his cross. Let's get him and he came in and I think I had such a great time. Yeah I was fun I'm such a huge fan, so I love you guys, man I'll come back whenever I'm Chris and your latest baby, fantastic, always on Netflix comedians of the world. He's part of that series. Don't want you. Anyone else. Watch Chris first will say: is the man on fire or in it's all there and of course, please go watch him on tour. He's hilarious, you're, gonna love have such a great time. Chris, D'elia, dot-com, slash tour, he's added shows because he's just sell him tickets like crazy, because he's not eminem has recognized this man he's on a holy war, booth, the justices out and god his mom his side so get those tickets quick at crystally. A.Com, slash tortfeasor, salad out and right after this podcast it's the weekend go to Netflix or watching the damn [, __, ], Chris, D'elia or or Rob is to get in the papers on Nick and getting you your shot, get your shot and get your passports there's a case to you are gonna travel but now yak with our Kelly Chris. Thank you for joining I had such a great time, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure I wish I could go longer, I'm dying, we'll do it again. Thank you guys for watching I hope. You have a terrific weekend and a great week ahead, and we will see you on Friday at our usual time, regular, which is now 1100. That's right! Is it now 11 about that about that time? That is strange. All right, I'm gonna now not talk for the next few days. Thanks for watching I love, you [Music], you.