Welcome everybody back to the h3 podcast uh number 27 podcast in the usa, 5.5 on wiki feed uh with us today is cody ko cody. Do you have a wiki page? I don't know, let's find out, I've never looked yeah. Can you look well? Let's look right now I mean so. Do you know what wikifeed is yeah? I know what it is. Yeah and I gotta say: oh, am I on there really good rating bro real? No way you have a 4.9, you have a 4.9 out of five yeah, but I have what I have a 5.5 out of five yeah dude. You have a better than perfect yes deep rating. They they somehow made the website. So you can transcend a perfect score, but there's a lot. You have like three feet or something my no. My dick is tiny. Dude um. You should really look here. There's a lot of pictures of your feet. I will say that these fetishes are really easy to uh impress. You know what I mean: yeah yeah, like the standards. Aren't that high? No, I don't know, I'm really self-conscious about my feet because I, oh wow, oh my god, I see that's the one. So this is what you see, how much that's what I'm talking about. I took that picture on tuesday this tuesday and I was gonna post it to my story and then I showed it to kelsey and I was like my feet are in it like. I really have really bad feet and I was like do they look bad in this picture and she said no, no, they look fine, and so I posted it and then every single dm response I got was either small feet or disgusting feet. Every single one. Yes like like 50 of them every night granted my feet, do look pretty small; no, they look totally normal bro. I gotta I gotta be here and support you and I I gotta just ride for you and tell you that your feet, those are 4.9 feet. Thank you, man. You got to feel good about that rating. If you have feet issues yeah, I mean that means a lot good for you bro. Well, I'm glad to start off on a happy note here, yeah, but I do have to confess something to you what I brought you here under false pretense. No, what is it this is actually an intervention about you being a cyberbully yeah, [Music], yeah um. Actually, dude do you have ptsd from being blitzed by jake paul that looked really stressful um. I think I'm I've gotten I've gotten over it. I think I've, it's you know, weather the storm um. You know he's doing his thing. I'm doing my thing, I'm sure. Maybe he still doesn't like me. I don't I mean I don't know I I'm just I honestly. I want to go back on jeff's show mm-hmm! I I was thinking it'd, be it'd, be a funny like sequel. If I went back on because we have like beef now, it's fake beef, but it's like real beef. At the same time, oh, I haven't been following that so um. Well, no! It's just like from the fact that he ambushed me right. You know I gotta say if I was you I'd be a little pissed, because it's like jake came out hot and heavy, but it wasn't just jake. It was like everybody all the sudden was like yeah. You know he. He sometimes if you made a video about me, I'd be gutted and all these guys are like it's like a straight up. Intervention bro I felt like it was just not cool and I disagree with them by the way too. I don't think your shit's mean-spirited. Oh thank you. I appreciate that um yeah, I mean yeah, so I was like you're saying I should have been pissed at jeff. I would. I would have you're a much better person than I am. Apparently I would have been a little pissed like dude, what the [ __ ]. You know afterwards. I was like because I was telling people and they were like. You should probably be like pissed at him and I was like because we had been hiking that day we went on a nice hike together, wow and then before shooting the show, and I was like we're going to go on a hike, I'm going to get a haircut, it's going to be a great day, and and so we went on the hike and it was great and I felt good and then we sat down for the haircut and that happened. But I was just like oh, but we did go on a hike together earlier. So I can't be that mad because it was a nice hike and then people were like you should probably be pretty mad, and then I mean like, I think that it turned out kind of funny, like the whole situation for sure turned out pretty pretty funny, and so I wasn't that mad. But then now I'm kind of fake mad, and so I kind of want to go on a show again and be like don't ambush me again yeah. I wonder if there's someone else he could have in the closet to ambush you different people at first he told me he said we were trying to get lele pawns to come in and she said yes and then her manager, someone said no, you shouldn't do that, and so she was like. Okay, fine, if only jake had handlers that smart yeah, but it was actually it was the greatest uh reverse card ever because I remember he when he posted his video trying to slam on you dude. That's like got a 99 dislike and uh and yeah. I think it worked out pretty well for you, but actually are you following the jake paul news because, like for example, it just came out that he owes two million dollars in federal taxes. Is that true? I saw that, but I didn't know if it was true or not. You know what I don't know. If it's true or not, either it was kind of a tabloidy paper, yeah a little bit. How would you ever know how much money someone owes to the irs? That's a really good question uh, but I wouldn't be surprised. Like does the irs talk to the press? Yeah, I don't think so, like you won't [, __ ] believe us. I got a juicy one for you, guys yeah be like hey dude, jake paul. Did you guys does he owe you guys any money yeah for that [ __ ] guy yeah, yeah um? So how are you dude? How are you dealing with everything? You've got a show. You've got the uh. The real, the real bros. Excuse me that cough is gonna. [ __ ] end me: dude. Are you all right, yeah, I'm fine! I just have acid reflux, but I feel like it's ruining our show, because I can't stop coughing. Is it because of? Is it like? Why do you get that? Is it natural my buddy has? It is because he eats things that his body doesn't react well to, but he likes he likes them, so he sometimes he eats. I haven't eaten. I intentionally didn't even eat anything today because I didn't want to inflame it. So I'm on I'm running on amp you're fat you're, fasting yeah. I'm fasting for you, but uh, it's not working. Is it natural um, I don't know, is incest natural. I guess that's a bigger question, because I've got all these because I mean I don't know. Is it because I've got all these neurological, [, __ ] diseases from being like purebred, ashkenazi, jew, okay and so like? They all are inbred, so I don't know is incest, natural, that's a question for you, so you're saying it: it's from incest, mm-hmm, the acid reflux, my tourette syndrome and my g-a-d. They call it which is g-a-d, no, not g-a-d. It's a g-g-r-e-m. I think what is it called when you guys? Look it up? I think it's g-e-r-d right, g-e, gerd, gerd, astro, esophageal, reflux disease. That's what I've got gerd, that's a pretty apt name for that. I'm sorry! You got any like diseases, [Laughter] um! I don't have any diseases, damn yeah, so [ __, ], lucky yeah. I know I think I don't know yeah, I'm pretty good as of now, but I'm getting now, I'm I'm about to turn 30, and I just I'm feeling myself physically breaking down a little bit, but you seem fake, that's not a disease, I mean it's just aging yeah. I definitely feel it yeah um, so you're working on the show you got your youtube channel. You're touring you've got the podcast. How is covid hitting you because it seems like it would affect a lot of the stuff that you work on regularly yeah. I mean it so for real bros. They had to stop shooting because we needed basically two these two shots that we couldn't get once coveted hit, and so that show stopped and then we just filmed it again like a month ago, and so the episodes will resume in like a week, um for youtube honestly like staying home like at the beginning of it staying home all day every day. All I did was write videos and shoot them, and so I was posting way more frequently because it was like the only thing that I could focus on um and then yeah for the podcast. It's been fine, I don't know mentally like I, I we had to postpone the tour uh till the summer and then till next summer, so that was you know, kind of you know a bummer but uh. It kind of felt good just to stay in la and not go anywhere yeah for a while I've. Never like not traveled, you know or like been on a plane or something um for like longer. You know two months or whatever. So it's been, it's been fine just staying here, um, that's so privileged bro! I know well I mean like just for work too. You know I set you up dude. I know I asked you and then I dunked them. It's just you know even like traveling for work or whatever it's just. I used to do it all the time and now just staying in one place, yeah I hate traveling man. I I don't think I could ever take this podcast on the road just because I just the touring is such a such a schlep dude yeah yeah. No, it's it's pretty rough. Sometimes I mean it's a lot of fun yeah. It is a great experience. It is yeah. It really is amazing, like performing um, but it weighs on you like there's some just living on a bus for a month. At a time it's like by the end you're like I just [, __ ] go home right like the second one. We did. I got home and this is like you know a month I hadn't been home in a month and I opened my front door and at some point during the month my my toy, like my sewage sewage system, backed up oh [, __ ], so my entire apartment was filled with like human [, __ ] the whole thing, no like two inches thick: oh, was it your [ __ ] or like everyone's [ __ ], I mean, I think it was a decent amount of mine yeah, because I recognized the smell a little bit. You know you're like oh, what is that? Okay, oh that's [, __, ], horrific yeah! Sorry, sorry, if that's no, that's fine, I'm just I'm! Just that's a horrible way to come home! So then I had to we had to. You know, call servpro to come clean it up, and then they had to redo the floors. I had to throw everything out because everything it touches is black water. So when it dries, it releases bacteria into the air. So then I had to make a giant insurance claim for, like all the stuff it destroyed. So I was living in a hotel for like a month when I got back from not being home for a month, sucked wow dude. How much stuff did you lose to bla by the way black water is a hell of a name, gets me every time. I hear that like uh, it's not enough that it's covered in [ __ ], it's black water, bro yeah. So it's kind of like your apartment, burning down. You lost a lot of stuff. Yes because, like it, it dripped into my office. So, like all the cords I have on the ground and everything and my computer's on the ground like it touched basically everything yeah you, you got to throw that out once it touches. I was yeah, so it wasn't, wasn't a fun situation, so um dude we had a little bit of a beef. Do you remember about tai lopez? There wasn't a beef. There was like hella beef for a minute dude. It was a beef I like having beef with people so yeah. It was a beef. Well yeah you pissed at you yeah. I was pissed at you bro. You were pissing me dude. I was so angry, no I'm kidding but um. What I was going to ask is that you seem to be a part of this. New wave of like commentary channels is more wholesome than the traditional sense. Is that a conscious decision you make to kind of to uh try to be probably less toxic than what's out there or is it kind of just naturally what you like to make um, although jake paul, would disagree but yeah exactly am I naturally I think naturally, I'm a cyber bully at heart right right right. No, I think yeah. I think it's just this. I don't know I feel like. Maybe when I started and I was trying to emulate the con. Like you know, I don't know I I was maybe a little bit more mean-spirited because I really just wanted to make fun of things and then, as you get older, it's like that's not what it's almost like negative energy is is actually pretty bad and people don't really respond to that, and it doesn't really get you that far um and I really don't want to like tear things apart and roast things as much as people think I do it's just some things are just funny and you just point out that it's funny, but then it's even funnier to go meet up with that person and see what he's really like. You know you ever hear from someone you've made a video about other than like jake paul, like I wonder about how the uh, the the christian girls against uh thinking about boys, they don't yeah, they don't like us. What is the name of their group? A girl defined yeah girl defined yeah. So have they responded at all to your commentary? Yeah? They they posted. They didn't like respond on youtube, but they posted this thing on their website. That was like um. It was like an ad for their tour or their book, or something like that. I forget what it was, but it said it said with 20 million views on youtube, it's our biggest video to date. The only problem is, we didn't make it and it's in reference to our video and then I don't know if I forget what it says afterwards, it goes on about how we suck they never refer to us, though by name and so they've. Definitely like they don't like us. That's a shame. Yeah I mean I feel, like you got that one I feel like it's fair, though well I mean dude. It's gotta like there's, no way that either of you guys could have expected that that video would have got, because that video now has like over 20 million views. Yeah and those girls have just got. I mean they got [Music] dude you just jesus christ, the [ __ ] out of them I mean it was crazy. Yeah, we didn't know it was going to be that popular yeah like at the time that was like one of the first ones. We did, I think, the first that's cringes yeah and, like I don't even think I had a million subscribers. I think they had more. Really, I didn't realize they're a big channel. Well god bless them. I think maybe I'm not sure, but I know that, like their videos like the ones that we responded to like the how to dress modestly at the at the pool and stuff like that, when they were like you know, like wear a parka at the pool yeah the summer, like those ones, had hundreds of thousands of views because people would watch them and be like this is ridiculous. Oh okay! So you you guys weren't the first by the way, congratulations on five billion uh subscribers. Thank you. Five trillion. Five trillion. Excuse me yeah. How is uh I mean your channel's been growing a lot lately: dude how's it uh how's that feeling man I mean it feels [, __, ], sick, yeah, it's dope right, yeah man like I'm rich. Now, oh yeah, you guys it's! No, but it's it's awesome. I mean I don't. I haven't posted as much as I'd like to in the last couple months, but like at the start of covet, I was posting a lot and everything was going well and then and then I started focusing on other things and it just feels like I want to do too much. Sometimes so it's like you can't yeah. I feel that it's hard it's hard to like. I can't prioritize things. You know. Did you do your fans get angry when you don't post people like tweet me and they're like okay? What's up yeah where's videos yeah? Where are the videos? So what are you working on? How do we justify your disappearance? Okay, I'm posting this video tomorrow that I've been working on for like a month and a half same sort of thing. Well, when's this gonna go out. This will go up uh on monday, right there, okay, yeah so yeah, so I can talk about it because it'll be up already it's um! I did the same sort of thing I I met. I made one of the that's cringe episodes we did with this guy named darman. You've never seen his videos. He does like inspirational, like uh, sketches that he teaches people lessons um, and so we did that scrims on him and then I did a follow-up video on on him because he gets like he gets like hundreds of millions of views on on. I think, overall, between youtube and facebook, he's about to hit nine billion views or something like that whoa or four billion like it's in the billions, though it's an absurd amount of views and he's growing this into like a legitimate company he's now opening like a uh. I actually I don't know if I could talk about that and you've got inside. He does these sketches and I've made fun of them twice and so and then he dm'd me and was like. Oh, your video was really funny and I was thinking I was like how could I you know? How could I make this more of a positive thing where, where I try to like figure out what it takes to create one of these, and so I dm'd him and I called him- and I told him I was like- I want to write one. I want to write one of these sketches see if I can do it and if you like it, you produce it and I'll even be in it, and I want to see if I can get like tens of millions of views too. Writing like you right and, and he was like sure- let's go for it, and so I did it and then we worked together on the script and I just learned a ton of about like why he writes the way he writes like they're, all really simple, like overly simple, very cliche, but it's because he has a lot of like international people that don't speak english and a lot of like six-year-olds. Their moms will like make them watch the videos because it teaches them good lessons, and so it's like a lot of stuff that I didn't consider, and so I learned a lot by writing this and then I went and shot it and met with the guy who directs them, edits them and everything. And then it came out on his channel last friday. And so the rest of the video is me like reacting to the final sketch wow. Wait, how did I wha? What's the name of his channel darman darman yeah d-h-a-r-m-a-n-n? I gotta see this worldwide uh. Let's see, oh wait, that's not! This is some random [ __ ], oh good yeah. Let's see the cody coho uh! I want to see this inspirational [ __ ], oh yeah, dude. We are inspiring the world. 1.9 million views go watch in a few months, I'll be the head chef of this kitchen yeah. I want to be head chef too, but come on man, it's our first day on the job, give it time. I don't have time. I want it now. I can't tell which one's the hero jake, you can't cook eggs on high heat. Good eggs have to be cooked slowly, otherwise, they'll be dry. Look the faster! I cook these eggs, the more customers I can feed. Oh this guy's going way too fast. I get it, but that fast and to be done fast. Some things require patience. So can you show me the channel uh ian, because I do his face. Go to his facebook. Page? Oh see yeah. This is the kind of guy that would crush on facebook facebook's a while look at this like look at his top most popular uploads. They have like, like 14 million 12 million 10 million wow 9 million dude. I'm always I'm always amazed at like uh the kind of content I find that I just didn't even know, existed, there's so many huge channels and personalities on the internet, yeah same and and yeah. That's that's one of the things too is like peeling back the or figuring out like what goes on underneath the surface. Like I went to his channel, I was like this guy gets so many views just assuming it was this one guy making these videos just for the views, and I met him and he has like an entire production team yeah. He does his videos months in advance, like he posts one every two days and he he's writing the ones that he's gonna post in like six months like it's an entire uh. You know like process that he has and he really [ __ ] cares about like teaching people good lessons he's like a really genuine dude wow. That's so interesting his intentions so going there and going through this whole process like you might, it must have been turned all of your assumptions, kind of backwards about the guy yeah 100 100. So we got to go, get you to spend a day with jake paul, maybe see. If that turns around your assumptions, I wonder if that would entrench them or turn them around. I would do that yeah. I would do that. I just feel like I don't know I feel like. Maybe he would try. I don't know you know, I don't know if he would be into it yeah I almost fee. Do you ever almost fall? Shane dawson already did that right. Yeah shane did that, but he was trying to prove that he was a sociopath. So I'm not exactly sure he went there with an open mind right dan. Can you turn cody up a little bit? I almost feel bad for jake, sometimes like living in the shadow of his brother, the dude just like he just got raided by the fbi. I mean damn that's pretty wild and nobody knows why. Right yeah I've been producing the guns or something it wasn't, the guns they went in. They found the guns there and they had to take them out to secure the perimeter but uh part of me. That's why people watch man they like that. You know I had a kill button. Last episode, I don't know why my gerd has been going crazy. My jewelry and I had a kill button, usually ela's with me and um, so I kept killing the butt the mic and coughing like super [, __ ] loud getting into it like because I couldn't I thought nobody could hear but ela's sitting right here and it was worse yeah. No, her mic wasn't muted, so it was like the worst episode ever. People were just like. I can't watch this [ __ ] ethan is always [. __ ] coughing yeah people get really mad when we eat into the mic. I've. Never I've never minded that sound like hearing someone chew um, but it really pisses people off like really bad. I don't eat that. I can't believe you [ __ ] did this again like I'm in my car and you guys just won't, stop drinking and eating into the mic, and it's so disrespectful and it's like I'm just trying to eat some nuts. You know yeah. I have the same reaction. I I'm with you 100. I don't really I'm not bothered by the sound, but people get very angry too. When we do that and um have you stopped or you're just saying, [, __ ] it I'm gonna eat we I stop, but you know when I get a little hungry. What are you gonna do yeah and I need a little eat away from the mic. I try. I go yeah, but then I you know usually the last final chew will be a into the mic. You have to give it. You just have to let them know yeah yeah, yeah, yeah dude. I learned this about you that I a thing I didn't know not that I don't know what to do. I I'm sorry, like I've, been trying everything I can to fix this issue. I thought it was coffee. I stopped drinking coffee. I didn't [ __ ] drink any coffee. Okay, that's a big sacrifice! Uh, oh and I was like oh maybe it's oatmeal I've been eating. Just plain [, __, ] oatmeal in the morning like the most depressing breakfast, you can imagine. Okay cut out the plain oatmeal here I am with a glass of water, so I don't know what to do to the people. I mean I'm on medicine yeah, have you tried like pepcid or something dude? I take sh. I take [ __ ] omaprazol dude. I take the serious [ __ ]. I take a pill every morning. I take a bill every morning ian that reduces the amount of fluid in my [ __ ] acid. In my stomach man, and like I still ca, I still can't stop. So I don't know. Maybe this business isn't for me. Does that mess with your bowel movements at all? No, my bowel movements have been really clean. Lately, thanks for asking that's good, that's good! How was your bowel movements in general cody, I'd like to know mine have been pretty clean this week this week I've been eating. Well, I actually stopped coffee too two weeks ago. Why? Because it it like, I don't know I have. I have weird anxiety, but it's like super physical, like hold on just popped up like I get really weird physical anxiety symptoms like I can't feel my limbs and it's just weird, oh wow. When I drink coffee in the morning it used to start I used to like just kick it off at like 10 a.m. I would just feel anxious all day, and I just think about make my heart rate go up, and I don't know my trip. My like you know my threshold now is way lower for some reason. When I'm like worried about a whole bunch of [ __ ], I get really anxious and then like it. Just anything will kick it off and coffee. Every single day I was just feeling like [ __ ], so I stopped I've been drinking tea. Does it help it's yeah? I think so. Is it caffeine? Because it's the caffeine right, I think it's, the caffeine yeah you drinking caffeine-free, tea, caffeine, yeah, it's just like yeah yeah uh, but about your bowel movements. Like pretty good, pretty clean, pretty clean, yeah yeah, so coffee used to, like you know well, it would clean me out every morning, but now you're a little more backed up now backed up, but it's like more solid. You know that's good! This I would I would change. I would take a rig like a good, solid valve movement over a regular bowel movement, yeah every time, yeah yeah and when you're wiping uh uh. Do you use a wet one? Do you have a bidet? What what's going on? I um I'll just take take a poop and then just jump straight into the shower. No I'm kidding. I was ah dude, there's people that do that. I know my my buddy, my buddy wipes from the front yeah. I do that, I'm not kidding you don't do that. You don't swear to god. I wipe from the front. You pick like what do you do? Well, it makes sense to me I I cut my balls and dick [Music], so obviously I don't want to get poop on it then just go from the back. No, because I've been doing this, my whole life. It doesn't, I can't go from the back. You don't understand once you I've been going from the front. If I go from the back, it's like, I feel like I'm just leaving [ __ ] everywhere. You can't get a proper clean, but these. But so you do you stand when you wipe, or do you literally just lean off to the side and see I don't see the leaning seems so ridiculous. I don't have to leave. He goes in cupping your own, dick and balls. Well, I'm not getting [ __ ] on it. I mean leanings like a whole activity. I mean it's like you're, getting it just like this, that's it okay, so say you're in a public restroom, god forbid, it happens to all of us. You're gonna risk touching the bull with your hand to lean over and wipe your ass, like. I don't have to touch the ball when I wipe from the front. Oh, I see yeah, but it's like your wrist and it's like yeah. I guess that's true. I've never really thought of that before also, I feel like also do you look at the toilet paper after you wipe, so just some, maybe if it's like the last one to make sure okay, because I look at everyone and I feel like if I was wiping from the side, I wouldn't be able to look at it, because how are you going to pull out a shitty? You can pull it. What do you mean because you look at it like you finish, and then you look at it when it's already down, I see if you pull out a shitty square from the side, it's going to get on your thigh, it's going to get on the toilet. I mean no, it's not I'm saying it on myself, it's dangerous. It seems like a dangerous maneuver use baby wipes. This is this is great. I don't, but I have before, and it really is something magical. You just use straight dry, toilet paper yeah. I do that's [ __, ], crazy yeah, I feel like america is third world and as far as wiping is concerned, I mean the fact that you don't use baby wipes or bidet. It means that you have [ __ ], all over your [ __ ]. Like there's no way you could properly clean your [ __ ] with just paper. Oh yeah dude. I go, I dig. No, I dude you ever went with your [ __ ], there's red, you know, yeah you what I know. That's how you know you're done wiping is when your [ __ ], bleed. That's gotta be really hard. I remember we, my buddy and I like backpacked through thailand and and some places there. It's just like a hose. You just spray your [ __ ], that's crazy! It's like a little gun. It's like a little like you know we use for gardening. It's like one of those. Did you get no toilet paper or anything you just and then you pull your pants up with just a wet ass, your whole ass, and what did you find like an hour later? How did you feel? Did you feel like they're like it was all good kind of itchy? I don't know like because that means just poop in your butt. If it's itchy well, not that I'm talking about the cheeks like I get this weird thing where, if I go in a pool or something, I think it's because my butt's, like kind of hairy yeah I've got that when I come out of the pool and I dry and then I just sit, I'm sitting around I'll get itchy cheeks. Oh just the cheeks yeah huh. I I want to know if anyone else gets that or that maybe that's my disease, yeah itchy cheek syndrome, itchy cheeks yeah. I get that too. I know what you're talking about yeah you do. Okay, oh I've, never felt itchy cheeks before yeah. No, it sucks because there's no like curing it. It's just you can't! You can't scratch the itch. It's just like stays there. Oh, that sounds horrible. Well, I will tell you in defense of front wipers. Uh we've conducted a survey because I like to say you know where there's two kinds of people in this world and they and they don't even know about each other. I, for example, assumed everybody wiped from the front people from the back all assume people away from the back. We conducted a survey. I believe it was like 40 of people wiped from the front. So it's much more of us out there than you know: wow 40, dude, that's actually kind of unbelievable. We did the survey, it was like 40 right dan uh, yeah uh. I was shocked. I am a back wiper myself and um. That's why I started laughing so hard as soon as you said. Of course I wiped from the back, because I was like oh here we go yeah we had it. I mean there was like a whole month dedicated to this great debate. We have okay gotcha, but you know you can always I don't know. The front thing is weird to me. Well, I can I get that, but it's just the way it's just who I am as a person and frankly, the fact that you would even try to discriminate or to make me feel bad for who I was born as is, is [, __ ] up, I respect it. Will you try it? No, you know what's funny bert uh, there's comedian, bert crusher, who we've had on the show a couple of times yeah and in his new comedy special. He was talking about wiping and he made this gesture on stage like this yeah like just like, like from walls and and and then I immediately dabbed him. I'm like your front, wiper bro. I know exactly what that was and he's like. Yeah 60 of the audience is like what the [ __ ] would. Did. He just do yeah it's awesome, but I do recommend you because I know you're doing well in life. Now you've got a lot of stuff going on you're doing good god bless get a bidet. Okay! Is it? Is it really that good I mean I don't like changing? I don't use toilet paper, so you just it. What is it it just automatically? Does it you don't got to touch anything? You know well, there's a button on the side. Okay, you can control the pressure, the aim, although this thing's like got ai, it always hits the [ __ ], there's some dude in japan. It has [ __, ] detection, there's one dude in japan who's just looking at millions of [, __, ] programming, you think it's a one dude yeah, it's just one guy who's, [ __ ] super traumatized um. It's got just got buttons, you can do like oscillation, you can do pulses uh, the seat is warm, the water is warm and it just power washes your [ __ ] and it sounds like a bougie-ass toilet and it also has a dryer. Oh so it like. Oh see, that's what I was wondering. Is it sprays and then that's my problem with the with the gun. It was that it was just. My ass would just stay wet well, but this dries it too yeah. It's got a drier bro. It's like a hand dryer on your ass, although it's like a full like wash cycle for your ass yeah, it's called a toto. There's like these japanese uh, toilets hotel, yeah I'll, look into that, but traditionally uh. They just have like a a side like a hand towel that you kind of just draw your ass off with, which is a little nasty. I agree a little bit yeah, but that's what it is man- and I think it's you a real. I mean it changed my life. I gotta look into that. Your your girlfriend is a uh school teacher right, yeah she teaches preschool. Is it I find it bizarre that she's still doing that, because she has a successful youtube channel. She really likes it. She likes she's, just a good person yeah. She wants to know, but she loves kids. She went to school for it, she's really good at it and um yeah. She just like genuinely likes teaching kids wow and she really like you know she, like all the kids that she teaches and stuff like that. She's, like friends with their parents and um, it's more than just a show up and teach them their colors. It's like you really like form a bond with the family and stuff like that, and so she loves it. So she and her boss is like one of her best friends and so how was uh? How was everything during covent? How was it teaching kids over zoom? She had to do it over zoom for a while and like they're right they're. Actually, it's funny. I I like to have memorized her like routine because they sing the same songs and stuff like that every morning, and so now I know all the songs and um, but they're really good. On zoom, like one time she was late to a zoom and she like popped in and they were just all talking all these like three-year-olds. Oh that's so cute like no parents, nothing just like what what are you what's that doll and they were just chatting and they get it. They totally get zoom. They understand how to unmute themselves, how to mute themselves, which is kind of scary. That's wild yeah, yeah um, but yeah it it works and now she's got to go. I think she's got to go in again or something like, I think, they're opening pretty soon so now they all have all these masks that have like a clear plastic thing over your mouth, oh on dude. That seems like fabric around it. So it's like [, __ ]. It looks like a mask almost like it was like a halloween mask or something like that, but so you can connect with the children more. So they can see you smile and stuff like that, but it just ends up looking kind of weird. Are you guys scared? I mean it seems too soon to be going back to school. I I I don't know yeah yeah, I'm a little bit worried but um, especially if you get covet, or I mean if any of you get ko kova, god forbid, like it. [ __ ] up everything you're working on I'm assuming you've got this tv show you've got uh like like. If me and ela, each of us get covered, there's just so it affects so much. It's just terrifying. Yeah, it is horrifying um, but I mean there's nothing she can do like if they need her in the thing she's gotta go or just not work there. I guess which is like a lot of people's predicament right now. It's either work or I don't know, work or die work or die yeah pretty much which sucks, but there's a lot of universities that have opened and they're. It seems like they're all within like two weeks, just closing, because there's an outbreak which is inevitable, was it alabama or something like that- had a shocking rise in cases yeah like 500 in a week or something like that yeah after opening and I keep hearing the same stories it's like. I went to college on the first day. Nobody was social, distancing, everybody's partying and nobody gives a [ __ ]. I mean I don't know how you ask freshmen in college to not party. No, that's like they're gonna. Do it yeah it's not even gonna [ __ ]. Do it yeah it's not even their fault dude, and even if they show up in mass, you get a couple of uh natty natty lights. In them, oh yeah and then all bets are all inhibitions. Yeah wind, it's! Like my my my like one of my good friends. I went to college with him. He just dropped off his little sister there, because she's a freshman now and he was like dude the the um restrictions are insane. It's like. You can't have more than two like you know: they're they're, tracking everyone coming in and out of the dorms. You can't have more than two people in your room and all this [ __ ], no parties. If you get caught having a party you get expelled like right away, wow and but in my mind I'm like this is not gonna. Stop them. No, nothing will stop them. Nothing will stop them. Dude! There's a label party at whatever expense, yeah, no yeah. For sure I mean that's, why you go to college I'm thinking back in my freshman year, very little studying was done. That was low on the priority of why you go to college yeah yeah my freshman year was a [ __ ] show dude. Looking back, I'm all you know. I actually failed out of college. One uh on my like my third year. I had to go uh, attend community college and come back no way. Yeah, I'm a five-year superstar wow. He did a victory lap. I'm surprised! I made it man. How was your did you make it through call you're, probably a good student right? I was a good, so I went to um. I was a good student ninth tenth grade and then I went to something was something that's called a sports school because I was a diver, a competitive like springboard diver, and so we were competing a lot and we would practice twice a day, and so I went to this special school. So basically, the school was designed for alpine skiers because like where I'm from there's a lot of alpine skiers that go to the olympics and stuff like that, they train in europe all winter. Basically, so they need a school that they can do online. That wasn't a thing at that point like online high school, and so this school was basically designed for these students, where we could do most of our stuff online and we would only have to come to come to class. You know when we needed to like to show up in person, and so I just didn't go like ever and so 11th and 12th grade. I just [ __ ] off. I didn't do like I I you know I treated it like it was a joke and I graduated and I went to duke I got recruited there. So I got in because I was on the diving team wow, and so I went from not giving a [ __ ] to going to one of the best schools and like it was awful. I took a class called the biology of dinosaurs supposedly the easiest class. I do and I got a d yeah like every athlete was in that class and they all got a's and I got a d. How do you even study the the biology of dinosaurs they're, like you just have to memorize dinosaurs they're? Like dudes? We don't know they're, just [ __, ] bones yeah yeah, no, just to show you pictures, it was like a class for children. It was like they showed you pictures of these old dinosaurs. You said memorize the names of them and I would- and I almost failed that well hang on. Did you graduate yeah? I did oh good for you, so you made it. I graduated, I got a degree in computer science, so I ended up okay, but I that's always that's always. What I wanted to do is computer science and then halfway through. I almost failed out of that major, and so I read I had to reconsider whether I even wanted to do it or not, and then I kept going and studying harder dude. How do you even get into springboard diving like as a kid? How do you? How do you find a? I was just hobby like that I was 10 and my friend would just hit me up and he was like I'm going to take this learn to dive class. Do you want to join me? It's like. I don't know it sounds kind of stupid but sure because it was like flips sounds kind of fun yeah I was like I'll flip off. Do a front flip sure I'll do that, and so I did it once and I was just like hooked and then I got competitive. He ended up quitting and then yeah. I stayed like all my best friends and everything from from uh from home. Like we're on the diving team, we were like a family you're. Probably then you're probably super jacked back then yeah hell, yeah yeah, I'm not gonna. I'm not gonna, be humble about that. I was yolked yeah. I mean I've seen those guys dude they're [ __ ], but you would think like you just want to be. How do you? How do you get yourself aerodynamic dude in that case, like what is the regiment, the exercise regiment, to try to make that little dip right? That's what it's all about is that little little dip yeah it's called a rip. Oh, it's called a rip. I was super gross yeah, you're, really close, actually um, you just like a lot of lifting a lot of stretching like you'd, be super flexible right. So, like I used to be able to you know put my I used to be able to sit with straight legs and put my head in my knees, um yeah and it says a lot of repetition. Honestly, something like diving is a lot of muscle memory and just training your body to do the same thing so that you can do it under pressure, because that's one of the things is, you train all your hardest dives and then, when you're in a competition you have to do you get one shot at each one of your hardest dives and in between each dive. You have to wait for everyone else to go, so you get cold and then you have to warm up again and then you have one shot in front of the judges to do that dive. So it's like training your mind. Basically, it's like golf. You ever get nauseous waiting. I used to swim in high school and I don't know there was this phenomenon where we all got super nauseous before we played water polo before a game, yeah yeah. I get that all the time it was so weird. I was just puking all the time. That's how I recall my freshman year high school, because I was just I would get so overwhelmingly nauseous. I once actually did he puked in the pool. Well, almost I I was able to puke on the side of the pool. God bless. God bless man, it's close man yeah! I I would get really. I would get really nervous before competitions and then I would you know, poop and vomit stuff, like that. Oh yeah, all the good things yeah at the same time, ever at the same time. No, never you know you never know. I mean yeah, you side, wipers got all kinds of tricks up your sleeve you ever you went anywhere awards. Were you good at it? I was pretty good. I I came uh. I think I came eighth at olympic trials, wow, that's crazy and then and then I qualified for olympic trials. Again in 2012 but didn't go because started a job and stuff like that: you're like [ __ ] deal, but on the team at duke. There were two like legitimate olympians that meddled and they were like holy [, __ ] like unbelievably better than me, so that was pretty cool training with them and diving with them every day. That's pretty dope. So there is that, like distinction between like metal olympians, where you're like wow, these guys are insane yeah ian. Just uh found a video of cody, oh yeah, throw that up. Yes, let me see that little twink hot ass dip body [Laughter] you ever okay, let's see what we got here, which one is he I can't tell that's me on the right. Oh you look yeah. You look yolked bro! I wasn't [ __ ] around dude. I was jacked yeah. I mean you're you're serious, oh dude, damn dude your splash was way smaller than the other homies. I noticed that that's my homie brandon shout out to brandon. So this is this was nationals and in winnipeg ontario winnipeg ontario. When, in look at that posture, farting, oh dude, you are really good at that and we won this, but because we were the only people that competed in synchronized. Oh you won. There was no competition. There was nobody. We were the only ones we would get out dry off and then go up and do the next manitoba, like you guys, are canadian. So so how is this working? You guys are on a team, you're synchronizing, yeah yeah, and you got the gold. We got the gold one out of one yep yeah, we killed it smashed it. I'm just is this. Is this something? Oh, that was a bad one. Wait is this on repeat. Am I watching the same thing? No, it's! Okay! It's still going see there. That was the score at the end. It was just our names. That's awesome right, you ever like uh. Is it dangerous? I feel like I've, seen a lot of people get injured like that. If you're, too close to the dive board, knock your head on it and stuff, like that, yeah I've seen some pretty gnarly [ __ ], like I've, seen tons of people hit their heads on the boards, their hands their fingers. I saw one girl uh one time she was on my team. She did. She was on 10 meters like the highest one and she was doing front three and a half so like front three flips to a dive, and she like slipped because, like when you're in the air, you like keep track of where you are, but she slipped out of her like tuck, and so as soon as you do that you like lose where you are, and so she face planted in the water and her her hairline was bleeding and her like her eyelid, like it was messed up. She had a concussion, oh, my goodness, that poor was out for a while, that's scary, that you could actually just get that injured, hit in the water yeah. It's it's brutal. I gotta tell you, I think, I'm too much of a [ __ ] to even do what you did there. I I'm terrified to do any of that. [ __ ] I'll, get used to it, though you work up to it and then once you do it enough, it's just normal, but it's like it is all muscle memory. So as soon as you stop for like when I stopped it was like two weeks later, I used to be able to do like a backflip on the ground and stuff like that. Two three weeks later of not doing that stuff- and this is your body just forgets because, like your intuition, is to not land on your head because your body's trying to protect your head, and so you got to train yourself not to do that and then, if you don't do it for a while, it's just you just forget how so you can't do that kind of stuff anymore. No, oh man, no way yeah dude! This surprised me. You made that app I'd cap that yep huge app on the app store back in the day. Was it like 2012, somewhere somewhere around that yeah 2012? It was a m, you put an image up and then you, you kind of programmed this app where it puts a caption on it. Yeah do you got like four million downloads in like four months yeah it was pretty wild and then you sold it yeah. Are you ready? No, no. It sounds like one of those big-ass sales I sold it for like. I think I don't even know if I can say this, but I think it was like a hundred grand oh but 50, grand cash 50 grand stock in this company that that I sold it to because I worked for them for two years afterwards and they were a startup. They were like 12 people or something I see and that's how I got a job out of college, because I was diving so much and I had competitions and stuff all. My friends were like already interviewing because they do you know at schools. They do like the career fair, so you meet the companies and then they go out. You know they interview you out and wherever they are, and I just couldn't do that [ __ ], because I I was diving, and so I was had no job lined up for after college. I wanted to be in the states, but I needed a job because I can't just be here. I need a visa, and so I wrote this app just like by chance, because I wanted to teach myself how to make iphone stuff. That's how I did it, because I knew that was like more of like a marketable skill. If I could, like everyone, was doing apps at that time. So I was like if I can write an app, then someone's going to hire me to write their app, and so I wrote that app as like a project, and it went like super viral and this company that I sold it to did like a mobile ad sdk so like they were the technology that, when you're playing a game and an ad for another game, popped up, that was their technology, and so they would plug that into like a ton of different apps. They needed a lot of traffic, that's like how an you know. Mobile ad network would succeed, and so, with my app they were like we can just buy this app. That has the most amount of traffic and pump this these ads in it basically, and so my first job was for them was writing another one called I'd cap that two and actually no my first job for them, was making the paid version, because it was a free app that I made they bought it. I moved to palo alto and wrote the paid version and right away, we released it and it made like 200 grand. Oh, that's, [, __, ], [, __, ], god yeah. I could have just done that on my own yeah, but that's pretty s dude. I have to tell you, I think you know we started this conversation by talking about this guy. Who makes these motivational videos it sounds like you've. You've succeeded at everything, you've done cody. You should be making motivational videos. What what are you doing? Dude you think I should just. Should I just go to like vegas and just give talks. I would tell tell me what the [ __ ] do. I need what am I doing wrong. Bro motivational speeches, yeah no you're killing it too. Well, no, but I feel like I feel like I could use some motivating. So you want me to give you advice yeah. What's your please um my advice? Is you gotta? It all starts when you wipe from the side. Oh no, I can't go. I can't walk that path. That's where it all starts man. I can't walk that path. I'm telling you once you do that! It's enlightenment, you know be cool. I'd like to see like a list of most successful front wipers that'd be [, __, ] cool as well. If forbes should do that richard obama's, what if lincoln, I bet obama might be a front wiper. You don't know like who knows man, you never know yeah. I bet he yeah. I don't know. I would like to see that honestly. I really would I I do feel like generally. I don't know if you know who burke christian is but he's like a total [, __ ] slob uh. I feel like only slobs and [ __ ] losers, wipe from the front [Laughter] well which which of you guys wiped from the front. I know one of you guys admit to it. Ian was the I do yeah. Okay, I mean I'll take ian. He seems pretty. I mean it's all about the the. If you hook you hook in and you don't deal with any problems. It's the angle, yeah you don't cup your own [, __ ]! You hold! No, you kind of go around, no see that's risky. Sorry dude yeah mine did so. I gotta make sure it's out of the way. My dick, oh, I guess I just put through I throw it over my thigh yeah. That's what I usually do. I just toss it over my shoulder, ethan. Actually converted me to the wiping he does whoa. I didn't. We talked about this zach you're such a simp jesus. We talked about this like a year ago. No, no. I remember a comment of somebody being like yo. I started wiping from the front and it changed my life. I didn't know you got converted zach yeah. Of course, you gotta, lift the balls and go man so tell cody the benefits of wiping from the front because he's ah, oh my god, so you went from you- went from back to front yeah. Yeah yeah tell them why it's easier, you know it's. I think it's cleaner. To tell you the truth. I get a good, clean, dude yeah. You know I like to look in your butt. I like to look what's on uh the baby wipe. Sometimes that's the big difference between the front and side is the look because I look at every wipe. Why do you look at every single one? Well, the first one is has the most you data want to get rid of the first one. Like I mean, there's there's a few there's a couple reasons to look at your wipes. One is to glean information and the other one is to make sure you're clean. So I feel like you're doing the second part, but not doing the first part I see doc. Does that make sense? Do you look at your poop in the toilet? Maybe in the to like when I'm done? I'd stand up and look yeah or down I'll catch, a glance yeah, I'm curious I'll sneak up. Oh, I mean there's important things, I'm serious! There's you want to know. You want to know that if, if that your poop looks healthy, that's true actually yeah, it's important uh to know that kind of stuff, yeah, and if it remember there was a big faction of like stand. Wipers too yeah yeah. Those people are long gone well, your cheeks get pushed together. So I just don't understand how you could possibly get adequate wipe stand. Yeah that seems like it would do a weird like you know, like a rorschach painting or whatever it's called right. Well, you know um. Sometimes you sometimes like you're out of toilet paper and you have to stand and reach and I feel like I'm always smushing my [ __ ] together when I have to stand up and get toilet paper. So the fact that you would willingly stand shocked it doesn't make that doesn't make any sense, any sense. No it doesn't. I put my legs up like this. I sit. I lean back on the toilet, and I put my legs like this dude you're, pretty flexible still I'll, say no dude, I'm not nothing. Compared to what I used to be um, I used to be limber um, yeah, [Music], [Laughter] dude. How do you prepare for your videos? Because when I watch them it has a certain quality uh, it looks effortless, but how much preparation goes into them. It kind of depends on which, which ones like uh the that's cringes with with me and noel. We would just sit down and just do them like. All of them are just like nothing planned because I think one shot net, multiple shots taken, multiple shots like takes, I guess no, it would just be like it would just we just do it for an hour just run through the video and make as many jokes as possible. Maybe if we like talked over each other we'd, be like all right. Let's take that again. Um, if, like someone said something funny, but those are totally off the cuff and then for like most of mine, that I do by myself I'll like write them lightly and then I'll leave. But it's kind of changed now now I'll leave a lot of room for [ __ ] around and because I like, when I watch my own videos and they don't seem scripted and so I'll leave a lot of room for. Like me just messing around. Does it get frustrating, though, when you're like, when you leave that space and then you feel like on the spot, you're having a hard time filling it? What do you mean like? Maybe sometimes, if you leave open space and you're like I'm gonna, make some jokes here when you oh yeah and you're like oh, this isn't funny this isn't working yeah. You know it's also like it's. Sometimes I I'll feel a lot bit like if I feel on that's, never a problem. If I'm filming I'm like the energy is great, and I love what I'm talking about, then I never really run to run it into that issue. It's kind of like when I don't feel that great or I you know the thing that I'm watching isn't that funny or whatever, then I'm I'm feels like I'm pulling teeth. Sometimes it is kind of a bad feeling. Do bail and I'll see the edited version and I'll uh. Do I bail on it yeah. Have you ever bail on a video like a couple times? Yes, when I just know it's not gonna be funny at all, and I'm like this is pointless. I'm just doing this to put up a video do. Do you find do you get depressed by that? Are you just able to move on? I get depressed when I don't have like ideas, and I don't feel funny like if I'm not posting for a while, I'm like I should be, but I just I don't feel inspired and then I go through other moments where I have too many ideas. I kind of hate that I wish. I was more consistent like how the [ __ ] does pewdiepie. Do it every single day it's disturbing every day he's got a new video and it's fresh and he's totally seems sane. It's very disturbing to me that he's able to do seven videos a week, sometimes more, it seems like yeah. It's it's he's got a superpower, I mean there's nobody else that can do what he does. It's it's ridiculous, but my problem was like. I think the the biggest reason I stopped making videos is that I was having trouble finding good content right to to talk about yeah and then I would find one or you could you kind of get desperate, so I'd find one be like. Oh, this is good and then, when I would get down to record I'd be like oh, this isn't good. This isn't funny yeah. This is awful and it was just this horrible cycle of like not. I just felt like nothing you get into this pits where it's just like I don't know I felt like I would get into a rut where it's like nothing works for so long that I just I just don't even want to do it anymore, yeah yeah! No, I I I agree. I mean it's funny. People will ask us like. Where do another? That's cringe. Do you know that's cringe, because we haven't done one for like a year now and I think that we did like the ones that we were doing when we before we stopped doing them like right before we stopped. They were good, but they weren't as good as the ones that people really love like the met like the girl defined one in the maddie smokes one and like reflecting back, I feel like we got really really lucky with those videos, because we're only as good as the video is. You know, because you watch that video alone, it's already hilarious and then all we're doing is you know making as many jokes as we can and like we hit something special, but there just isn't a lot of media like that right, yeah, it's it's right. I I feel the same way about some of my early videos like I would sit down and react to them off the cuff with no planning yeah and it was like you know, I mean you can't find pranks in the hood anymore. That kind of gold just does isn't on the internet. Yeah yeah pranks in the [ __ ] hood, bro yeah, there's a lot of it on tick tock, but right, but even because you can do that on tick tock. Now you can take the video and react to it on tick tock and that's its own little ecosystem. It's not the same. What do you make of tick tock, you're you're from vine? Do you think tick tock has what it takes to succeed where vine failed, yeah yeah, that's a phenomenal. I think. If trump like lets it stay it's going to be around for a long ass time. I feel like what is it about this? There is a behemoth like they do, no matter. They will not fail like they. They poured billions of dollars already into just you know, being recognized as uh. Like you know, at the beginning, when it was musically and then it was first tick-tock like they were pouring money into marketing it just to like shoehorn it into uh pop culture, and now they did that they spent the money. They made it, this big ass thing and they won't let it fail. I feel like it's already the biggest social media app in the world. I think right now, dude I gotta get on in the states for sure I gotta figure it out yeah. No, it's it's! It's ridiculous and um actually um a b who's with us, his girlfriend or his wife. Sorry who's on tick, tock uh. They started rolling out this this program where people are getting paid on tick, tock. Now, yeah. Me too. I just made three bucks: three [ __ ] bucks yeah. I just looked right. How are the rates look at this [ __, ], yeah you're, doing pretty good on tick tock. I got to get on talk, bro, I'm that's I'm doing tick, tock! That's it! Let me see that [ __ ], let it focus. If I can't see it, I don't believe it. Okay hold on. Let me turn on the brightness. Let's see, if that come on baby. Sorry dude, I don't believe it. Oh three seconds wait a moment. Baby wait hold on. You didn't tell me 375., 375. yep. So what's the rate, how many views, because you get a lot of views, it doesn't seem like a very good rate. It doesn't tell me how many views I got for that day. It just tells me how much money I made on the 24th of august, but I think the cpms are really low. I think well, but yeah what I heard they did. Is they just put up like a billion dollars of their own money yeah, because it's not they're not paying out, but I guess they're working on some kind of ad rev share right now, which that's what I mean is that, like you know, when vine was kind of struggling and people were leaving and stuff, they were like. Well, there's nothing. We can do. We can't pay them tick. Tock's like oh! No, we just paid them yeah, we'll pay him. Oh, oh, you guys are leaving here's three billion dollars yeah and so so there's no reason why anyone wouldn't do it right now, like so the so. What happened with vine is that they're, just like dude we're putting all this effort in and we're not we're, just not making a living and and ultimately people started. Leaving vine is that what happened? Yeah? Just people started not using it like even the audience it just started. I think I honestly, I think a big part of it was instagram video. I think that stole a lot of traffic away from vine and then it didn't seem like people were using it. I feel like it was kind of a self-fulfilling thing where it just seemed dead. So it's kind of it feels kind of like snapchat to me right now. If it feels dead like no one uses it, I don't know yeah, that's saying [ __ ] he does but um yeah yeah. It was kind of weird. I would notice that my videos just get less views and less comments, and it just feels like huh people, just weren't using people weren't talking about it. I didn't see them on twitter as much, and so twitter eventually was like this is just like a resource suck and it's and it's not worth it so they shut it down, so you're pretty active on tick tock. Do you like the platform? I'm not that I don't post that much because I don't know, I don't know what to post. I don't know even how I'm bad at it. I'm just people like someone tweeted me there. Oh a while ago, they were like man. It's such a shame that cody's tick tocks are cringy. Oh, like [, __ ]. Why would you do well come on? They are kind of, though, when I watch them, I'm like damn dude but tick tocks. How, by the very nature of what tick tock is it's kind of inherently cringy right. It's like hard to even make content that isn't a little bit cringy yeah I mean I there's a lot of good [ __ ] on there now like there's a lot of stuff that me and kelsey genuinely laugh at, but I just don't know how to make it yeah huh. I got to use my kid in some way I got to exploit my son, I think yeah that would definitely work. I got to exploit my son more yeah. Definitely yeah! You have a yeah. You have a baby he's cute. You should be using that child he's just starting to talk. I mean I'm, I'm leaving a lot of money at the table. You guys could be the new ace family yeah, the gerd family [Laughter]. Oh man yeah. I gotta get a tick, I'm just curiou, because it's like, I feel so out of the loop. I just I don't want to ever feel like this old out of touch. [ __ ] was like oh, but you know what it's so there's this crazy phenomenon. I've noticed on tick tock. Is that there's a lot of old people on there making crazy ass old people, tick tocks, and I and I can't figure it out. So I guess it can't be that hard, no yeah like senior citizens you're talking about yeah, where they like key out the background and they're doing karaoke. It's awesome yep. I just saw one yesterday that like went viral, that was really funny. We have in common uh. We talk about other youtubers me and you, and I know that you kind of like, for example, j station is, is one that you focused a lot on and my question for you is who is like your favorite kind of classic meme youtuber. When I say that I mean like j station soflo, you know yeah ethan, bradberry, favorite, meme um, just like a living meme, you know. Yeah, I mean I think. Maddie smokes was pretty good because we we he's just a funny kid man. We did that video and then we we we were touring in vancouver where he's from and he came out to the show, because we wanted to bring him on stage and surprise the audience that he was there. And so we were like okay, you gotta come to the back and you gotta. You know we'll sneak you in. So nobody sees you, and so he finally comes to the green room like a little bit late and we're like where were you at and he was like? Oh, I was just taking pictures outside with everyone once with the line to get in the venue he just was walking by the line. It was just taking pictures there and we're like you, [ __ ], you ruined it um, like he's just hilarious and his friend his friend. His name is liam and by the time you're in the green room, the kid the kid's like 18.. He had drank like four beers, which is ripping this vape thing that he had like just ripping it and was doing tricks and everything like he just was in it was like we were watching a live video. You know yeah, it was hilarious and he's just funny. Like he's a funny funny dude I used to play fortnite with him all the time. Oh uh, that's very wholesome yeah. I love when the when the meme like, for example, with ethan bradbury, we're like dogs now dude. Are you sure dude he's my homie like that? Guy would kill someone for me, I'm sure of it wait I saw I saw you played like a ban like a video that he did or something. Oh, the the forbidden one he's talking about yeah, it was like he like did something about covet or yeah. We we were like because I love ethan's whole vibe and I was like dude do a man on the street. For me this was like right when kovitz started to hit, and I was like go ask people in new york about covet and then a couple days later. He sends me this video of him. Like he's like hey. What do you think about covet? I have it and [ __ ] like that, and I was like ethan. Not only can I not show this you'll get arrested. If I show this like, you will literally get arrested, oh my god, so he took it as like. Oh I should go. Do a prank video! I think that's just the language that they speak right. You know I was like just go. Ask people about kovid, because I think you're everything you do is interesting and, oh, my god, that's! Oh, that's horrible yeah! No, it was horrible. I was horrified I mean I didn't even show it. I just played the audio because um, because I don't want him to get arrested, I mean I I don't know what to say I mean, but but the only thing I can say in his defense is that it was at the new york, wasn't even shut down yeah yeah, so it was like in the early days serious it was yeah. People were getting a little spooked yeah, but uh yeah, so yeah, I'm trying to think of who else. I don't um I mean maddie. Smokes was just the ultimate I feel like because he was such a meme yeah. How was your time with tai lopez you? It was funny because I don't know what it was like tai lopez. I guess he was trying to do some pr or something he's kind of off the radar now poor tai. I know it's so funny. Like last week I was sitting there. I was like I wonder just randomly. I wonder what the [ __ ] is up with tai lopez and I go to his instagram and he said that himself he's like yeah. You know I've been off social media for the year, but now I'm buying all these companies just what I I just bought, pier 1 imports. Yeah. I read that what the [ __ ] he bought like four literally bought people on an important brick and mortar franchises, he's a scammer right like he's, gonna, flip them- and I I don't know I still don't really weird going on there. I still have no idea but say that again, what was that knowledge? Oh knowledge, right yeah! I couldn't tell if that was keemstar or my garage yeah, I'm glad you have that queued up any anything else. Zach. You want to hit us with no knowledge, yeah yeah. How was your time with him, because mine was super? Weird mine was like super weird because he brought lawyers to mine. Did he do that to you yeah? He did yeah. He brought that dude the same guy was there yeah, weird sketch, like I feel like he's not actually a lawyer. Oh I got mad lawyer vibes from him. You got lawyer vibes from that dude yeah. I I got like like what's the lawyer from breaking bad, he like a fixer, yeah, sal, goodman saul, goodman, oh, like a duck, that's the lives! I got like well, the entrance help me break the law yeah and in truth I don't think any like honest-to-god reputable lawyer would be like yeah sure I'll come to your house and eavesdrop on some youtuber at 9. 00 p.m. Yeah yeah! It was really yeah, it was, but he lied. He lied to me about it. He was like. Oh sorry, I'm just having a meeting right now and I was like. Why is this guy five feet behind us all the time yeah? He followed you right. He followed us too. So he listened to everything. We said what the [ __ ]- oh, no, I so I looked up. I I looked up his house, his house, that we went to the bet you went to. You went to the same one right. We had the koi pond and everything so koi pong. I don't know you walk right. You walk in there's like a huge gravel entrance and then there's like a huge courtyard in the middle with a long swimming pool and then the back there's a gym. Yes, yes, yeah yeah yeah in the front. There's a co like when soon as you go in the front door, there's like a koi pond in the middle of the oh you're right or whatever yeah yeah um right. I saw that on zillow, I think last week or the week before it's 27 million dollars that house it's for sale right now. I gotta tell you: I figured that was a more expensive house. That house was fine. I mean it's in like the most expensive neighborhood in beverly hills. Yeah. I mean it. It's also like not it's like nine bed 13 bath or something like that. It's wild, but I mean I feel, like that's pretty expensive. 27 million bucks yeah, that's up! That is up there for some reason. I thought it was more. I don't know why I was very impressed by that house. It's a it's like a compound yeah, it's a compound like the pool and then the gym in the back upstairs there's like a dojo mm-hmm. It's like a fighting mask like that yeah, but it was, I mean I saw him like we did that video and then, like two months later, I was walking through the venice canals and there's this like house there that has this giant open, like area downstairs like at ground level, and I looked in there was someone like teaching like a court like he had a giant. You know like piece of piece of paper thing yeah and he's like writing on it. I was like. Is someone teaching a course in there and he was like live streaming himself and I looked over at tai lopez and he was like cody, oh, my god, and we just exchanged hellos and then left- and I was like that was bizarre. He's still doing his thing with the board and everything yeah renting houses and like renting airbnbs in venice, and doing that and then leaving do you find it so bizarre the thing he does with models where he like he always has models around and he pays people on twitter to guess their ethnicity. Do you follow that? He always does this thing. He goes if you can guess her ethnicity, I'll, give you a hundred bucks. That's bizarre, yeah! I always found that really weird anyway. Listen I want to um in closing kind of. I have some videos that are classics here that that I'm hoping you haven't seen. Okay and I want to get your take. My first favorite one here is the uh, it's just a dude taking a poop in a bathroom stall and something happens: okay and uh. This is this is probably my favorite video. So I think ian's gonna cue it up here for us there it is world star. You know it's good. You feel that tension. The suspense is killing me. I love this [ __ ] [Music] [Music]. It's awesome. What so so? Here's the question. I always ask okay by the way that that's obviously like not the first time that's happened. My guy was like smiling. He was like smirking. I guess he, I guess he's got some fetish for smelling, poo or or maybe just wanted to I mean, but who says sorry just tell me who says sorry. Is it the guy pooping or the guy on the floor, he's like what they were calling your whole time right there he was like he kind of did a little laugh and he smirked a little bit. I love him. He wants to be caught, he's like yeah I'm down here and then the guys are recording, I'm recording you and he's like oh [, __, ], okay, sorry yeah, don't show my face. Sorry! So wait wait! Sorry, I'm so sorry because I feel, like the guy recording, says sorry and I think that's hilarious he's like sorry, I stopped you. Then yeah didn't mean to invade your privacy by filming. You he's like what are you doing here? He's like huh uh, ian hi hit me with the so the sorry moment, because I still have not resolved. Who says sorry, it's definitely the guy on the floor. No, it's not I've been calling you the whole time he's racial. Oh sorry, I swear it's. The guy, [ __ ] says sorry, I don't yeah, I don't see the the the the peeking guy's mouth and it sounds like the guy on the toilet. He says. Sorry, it's awesome! Sorry! Sorry! Maybe it is. I mean he's like sorry. I fooled your plan. I think it was just so awkward. You know what to say. Like sorry, bro sorry, a little poop smeller not today didn't mean to [ __ ] up your day, but sorry dog, it's just a little uncomfortable. For me. It's kind of a compliment really isn't it that somebody's willing to sneak under the stall to smell your poop yeah. I guess he's like you have chick-fil-a today, hmm you frown or you you wipe it from the side. Yeah. What? If you just yeah what, if he's just doing research for the front wipers? Hey leave your first swipe on the floor for me: would you yeah okay, um, the next one? That was a good video right yeah? That was great yeah. Some of my favorites thank you for saying that uh garth brooks facebook. Have you seen that? No? Oh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes, yes go ahead ian! So let me give you some uh pretense here, oh my god, so garth brooks back in the day. I guess facebook was relatively new. He posted on his facebook page one video and then he disappeared. This was the one video okay yeah go ahead. Well, I guess it's official we're now on facebook. I really wasn't sure about this at the start, but then a friend of mine said something that just made all kinds of sense. She said think of it more as a conversation I like that, but I'm already finding out on my own, so it's wiping the walls out between you and me, and I really like that it allows us into each other's worlds or I guess in my case the hotel room. When I think about things I want to post, I want to post cool stuff slick, stuff, neat stuff, but most stuff, I'm gonna post is gonna, be raw stuff like this. This is just who I am so. If this is truly a conversation, then I say let the conversation begin. Oh my god, it feels like a matthew, mcconaughey video dude. Yes, oh my god, he has the same cadence of speaking it I felt like. I was watching an audition tape like I feel, like he's done, that 50 times in the mirror, exactly cool stuff needs to have slick stuff. If it's tearing down the walls between me and you I say let the conversation begin and then you just never post it again. I like that. No, he bounced that's [ __ ], awesome, yeah um, it's the it's one of the best videos ever because it's supposed to be so candid, but it's all obviously scripted so script and uh. I like that. I don't really like that. Pretty like conversation, I like that. Actually I think garth is one of my favorite memes, because gerd brooks gerd. I call him garf g-a-r-f garf-bros yeah he's alleged not really like that little absolute legend move not posting ever again, just being like I'm gonna post. Not only am I gonna post slick stuff, I'm going to post neat stuff, but mostly it's going to be raw stuff, but actually it's going to be nothing yeah. Well, I think he got just totally memed on into oblivion, because people are like garf this. What is this? Have you seen matthew mcconaughey's like recent videos? Oh yeah, I'm taking [ __ ] about his book green light. Well, we've been taught we've been following: oh don't get me started on that. It's so funny. I've been doing a lot of research on that right. You have the green light. I've been compiling all of his quotes from instagram for, like nine months, do you have anything so good to us? Yeah I've got them in like a folder shoot. It's like. I pre-ordered it look because it this one. I I pondered this for so long. It was this quote. It says you'd better, be different, not sorry! Huh and I'm like really makes you think, doesn't you'd better, be different. Comma, not sorry! I think he's saying you better be different, not sorry or here's another one uh do it, because you want to not because they don't wow wait, wait! That's that one's [, __ ], my brain up, do it because they it's almost like he's just trying to put [ __ ] together. That makes as little sense as possible. Do it because you want to not because they don't, I mean what could that possibly apply to your parents like if you like, porn and trying to piss your parents off like if you do porn, I can't think of anything else. They don't want, don't do it because they don't want you to do it. I know they don't want. They don't want to do it. They don't want to do it they'll be like they don't want to I'm. I shouldn't find motivation in like I shouldn't. I shouldn't want to succeed because they don't want to succeed. I should want to consider, because I just want to succeed that doesn't make sense. I don't think I've ever been motivated by that in my life. I don't think that's the problem. Matthew's got an interesting brain. There's just so many go ahead and I'm enjoying cool give me throw me a couple: get them early, so you don't have to get them often get them early, so you don't have to get them often get them go and get them get. What is what could that? What does that mean better to get them, because I get them early, so you don't have to get them often, but maybe maybe you know, because you could probably want to get him multiple times right. What is he getting? I don't see the the the I don't see how the uh frequency of getting them affects the the punctuality of it. What stage you adopt it yeah it doesn't seem to be a relation there, get them early before it's gone. Yeah, maybe to me there's yeah. I don't know. Maybe it's like a like a yeah like you go to trader joe's in the morning and they have more [ __ ], get it early. At least they don't have to get it off he's talking about like a big-ass bag of, but here's the thing, usually things you don't need to get. Often you don't need to get early like yeah you're, like I'm gonna, get this huge bag of popcorn. You seen you know those huge bags, it's like 50 pounds, but yeah, but those people are not rushing to get that. Stop that's true! So it's more like get it the early part get them early so that you don't have to get it later. That's what it should have been get it early, so you don't have to get it later, which is kind of explained in the first part, though, isn't that what getting it really does? Yes, yeah? I guess it's kind of yeah ian come let's, let's uh! This is my favorite one. I think yeah, this one's a real real mind, mind bender uh, when did guilt by deed turn, into guilt by association turn into guilt by conversation, whoa [Laughter]. Can you say it again? When did guilt by deed is just doing something? When did you just murdering someone turn into guilt by association turn into guilt by conversation? So he's saying so he's saying so saying somebody kills someone! That's a guilt by a deed literal act of crime turn into guilt by association, so say, let's say ian. You killed someone, and I know you that's guilt by association, so they say well, [, __ ]. You turn into guilt by conversation. I think that's just a way of his him commenting on like cancel culture, yeah yeah, but but he did it very elegantly elegantly. Very, very roundabout in code you've seen his lincoln commercials. I love that [ __ ]. I think I think so he goes. He has one where he goes uh. He just goes. He literally. This is his only line. He goes yeah. I swear to god. He just goes yeah. I swear. That's it it's awesome. Can you try to find that ian? That's just just this gird acting, he goes yeah yeah. I like I actually like matthew, though he's a good actor. He he like this one you've seen the long branch in the pork cracklin video say again he's like you ever seen that you ever seen a video where he drinks some long branch and he eats a pork cracklin, no she'll pop that up again, I don't even know what you'd search to find it he's like in his hotel room and he's like can't sleep just winding down with a glass of long branch, whiskey and a pork crackling. I think he also long branch, I think, is his company right. Oh it's just a promo. You see ryan reynolds sold his gin company for 600 million [ __ ] is with ryan reynolds and now six hundred million dollars didn't george colony, pull that too. He sold his [ __ ] for, like a billion yeah, the same company to the same company who's buying all these [ __ ] liquor companies for a billion dollars, some behemoth, I gotta start distilling vodka or some [ __, ] yeah, the guy that made I just was reading about the guy that made white claw he's a beverage connoisseur he's been around. He made mike's hard lemonade that was his first drink and now he's worth like multiple billions of dollars. You know um, you may I may uh teach you something here today. We've debated this at great length and decided. I was correct about all vodka being literally the same right dan. Did we decide I was correct. Well I mean I don't know if we decided it, we found some research that seemed to indicate. So all vodka is the same taste and is the same alcohol. So what about like the distill or whatever? But I swear when I drink gray, goose, it tastes better yeah, but like so here's what I would tell you to do. Try this experiment! Next time, you're drinking a nice vodka pour out the gray goose. Okay. Take that aside for yourself get the shittiest vodka. You can find get that [, __ ] with the top comes off. Do I do this right now, I'm already pretty drunk so yeah yeah, whenever you're ready put in the shitty vodka into the grey goose bottle and see if anybody says anything, okay I'll do that? That's pretty sight! Is that a cycle because I used to drink aristocrat vodka in college? Remember that stuff aristocrat? Can you ever drink that yeah plastic handle costs like two dollars? Of course it would be the cheapest [ __ ], with the name like that, and it's horrendous. It's like hand, sanitizer yeah. It really tastes different right. It does yeah yeah ian. Do you have anything for us to watch or should I move on to mobilitymary? I couldn't find the um commercial you were talking about, but one that's kind of funny. Oh, you didn't find that huh, this one's pretty good, though yeah. This is a classic. That's a big bull! That's a big bull yeah! This [ __ ], makes me wonder what, if he just eighteen hundred pounds and do whatever the heck I want something he's gonna run over a bunch of protesters. Think I can respect that. I can respect that. [Music]. Take the long way. I like that. I like that, ah dude what the [ __ ] was. That wait was that I like that, that wasn't. Actually that was garth. That was the sound okay. Okay. That was good. I, like that dude I, like that brands have just given up they're like [ __ ], it dude this we just gotta like like. Have you seen this johnny depp uh, uh, perfume commercial? No, you know what I'm talking about ian look for it. These brands have just given up they're like dude. I don't even know how to market this [ __ ] anymore. It's a lincoln like how do we convince people to buy a lincoln uh? I was just imagining the bull charging the car and it getting like totally [ __ ] up uh. Is this yeah? This is it? Are we gonna get claims for this [ __ ]? Probably not. This is a perfume commercial. Good luck, ethan cause you're, gonna, [, __ ]! Need it garbage it's the same: [ __, ] yeah, it's the [, __ ], exactly yeah! That's the same ball he's in every [Music] commercial. It's something I can't see! I can feel it yeah! It's perfume! Bro, he's crying confusion. Somebody's got to do a commercial like that, but it's just for the animal like at the end. It's just like buffalo buffalo meat paid for by the dairy farmers of america. Did I just hear zach defend that commercial? You said that was badass uh yeah, I think that's a badass commercial. So does it make you want to buy the savage uh? Maybe oh zach come on man yeah. I love johnny depp, like I think, he's a [, __ ] badass. How do you? How do you feel about the amber turd situation? [, __ ]? I don't even know what to think of that. I just aside from you like bad, isn't it she pooped in his bed? Apparently that's why they call her amber third, she pooped in his bed yeah that was like they have they're having this huge lawsuit in england, and one of the main uh pieces of evidence is that she's [, __, ] and pissed all over his house, and so they have text messages of of uh of johnny depp texting with his friends saying, amber turd took a huge stinker in my bed last night. It's literally a real text message no way: yeah amber turd, wow yeah, that's kind of funny. That just goes to show you man, that's kind of funny. Dudes are just the same like exactly you can you can be in a giant legal feud with your horrible ex-wife and she defecates in your bed, and you come home and you're like paul. Andrew tur just took a big stinker yeah and it really just goes to [ __ ]. It doesn't matter how rich and famous and successful you are. Oh, we've got an article on it. This is the poop that flushed johnny depp and amber heard's marriage away. There's a picture. Oh my god. Oh no, there's a photo. This is news to me. Yo, like that new photo of feces. That depth says heard left yo. I don't think we could show feces dude. You guys got to blur this out. Oh no yo, who dude you got to give me a poop warning. It wasn't. Even it wasn't even a very good turd yeah it looked like she forced it out and just kind of wiped her ass with the sheets, and it was her 30th birthday. So do you think she like got too [ __ ] up and did it? I think it was a spite turd from what I understand. I've never been that angry, especially on your [ __ ] birthday. He's used pissed, you literally well cody. Have we uh? Have we covered ground? What what have we learned here today, wiping stuff? We talked a lot about poop yeah related things today. Thank you for having me man, yeah thanks for coming on. It's it's it's great to have you. I mean you're, you're uh, a super funny. Dude super talented! You should be a motivational speaker. You've succeeded at everything in life, diver, app, developer, comedian, uh, cyberbully and uh. Well, if I start doing motivational speeches yeah, I'm up I'll yeah, I want to be able to start. Yes, no, I'm not! No! I have nothing to say well, you can hop on the end, hey guys, thanks for watching, you learned a lot yeah and always remember white from the front right from the front. That's the word. The path to success always begins yeah. Well, I'm very much looking forward to that new video. You got on deck yeah, I'm still I'm. I hope people like it. I really do it's a little bit. It's different style, I'm it's a little bit. You know corny, almost I use like background music and stuff like I really try to treat it like um. You know kind of like a longer form. Oh, I narrate it. So it kind of feels more like a movie sort of, and so how long is your film 22 minutes? Okay, that's an episode yeah! So hopefully people like it great man, well I'd love to have you on again yeah. I know, thanks for having me check back movements and everything yeah I'd love to talk more about poop. I'd, actually love to have you on with your girlfriend that'd be fun, yeah, no we'd! Love to! I love you guys too say hi to hila. For me, yeah well, she's. She uh is doing teddy fresh stuff. Oh okay, got it she's a ceo. Now, isn't it business yeah she's businesses doesn't sleep, you know no well, um cool, be good. God bless and uh. Wish you well man. Thank you guys appreciate it. All right talk to you soon take care, bye, [Music],.