Two all rise for the honorable judge: ethan klein [Music]. Thank you officer. Everybody please be seated. Today, fair people of the jury we put on trial. The creator known as j station j station is a youtuber who got popular, making 3 a.m. Horror challenges his fan base is known as jay nation he's made up over 6 million subscribers. Today we put him on trial for the pot for the following crimes: exploiting tragedies faking his girlfriend's death for views offensive and hate crimes, hate crimes geez. This is a first for our youtube court room, criminal, hypocrisy and corrupting the youth wow. Our prosecutor will be a b. You will be prosecuting j station a b and a I e and, of course, will be defending uh j station as a rsr resident j nation member council a b. Please proceed with their opening statements. This court is now in session. Please proceed amy! Thank you, your honor! Yes, you brought up that j station is a horror channel, which I feel is fitting for his content. Being that his content is in fact horrific. Some may even say that it has a demonic presence in how horrible it is. That being said, I hope to enlighten the viewers for those of you who are not familiar with jay, and hopefully we can have some kind of resolution at the end of this trial. Okay, aien. Are you a member of the j nation ain't? Would you like to say anything in his defense before we begin uh? Well before we begin, I have a question for you is this court thing. Is this like? Is this like a regular deal? Do I have to keep doing this ai in you? Are we are role playing and you are meant to stay in character? If you have quite meta questions about the court hearing, please save it until after the video. Well, I was just wondering where I should be sending my legal fees. This is not order order. Please stick to defense of your client, I'm just trying to defend my wallet, my guy, all right, okay station! Okay, this is not my my I'm the judge. I am not the [ __ ] accountant, all right, please. What else are you going to be doing? I mean, let's be honest, you want to argue about this. Now I mean why are you bringing this up now? I just feel, like you know, yeah yeah, I I gotta pay. I gotta pay for my motor oil. You know motor oil. What does that cost? Like 20 bucks, I mean give me a [ __, ], brick. We treat you fine. All right. Now is not the time you want to defend your client you're, trying to ruin another video order in the court aien. I also need some money to pre-order the jstation five, pretty good right, no, not good. He makes good videos they're funny. Next, I find it impressive that a robot can come up with jokes. I mean yeah. This is not about aie in you, guys focus j station we'll have order in this courtroom. All right. That's it! That's really all you guys have okay. Moving on, let's move on to our first exhibit uh. Our first exhibit, of course, is crimes exploiting tragedies a.b. Would you like to introduce um this crime? Please, let's try on us so we're all familiar with click bait, but I'm not familiar with any other creator that has gone so far to exploit the death of celebrities. Other youtubers and supposedly ex-girlfriends jstation has done this multiple times and I will go through each and every single time. Well, most of the time she's done, I can't go through all of them, but if you please look at the exhibits, you will see what I'm referring to. We have exhibit a uh, the wrapper known as um and, excuse me, it's called x tacion. Am I right or is it x, x, x, tachyon, x, x, x, synthesis, that's a mouthful, we r people really say x, x x, every time they mention they bring his name up, they shorten it to x, yeah x. The court will now will further recognize as x, j uploaded a monetized video entitled xxx tacion ouija board challenge at 3am gone wrong in this video. He claims to have made contact with x through a ouija board. Now, may I ask you, maybe how how recently after his death was this video posted this one was uh less than a week less than one week after that sure that is quite shameless. I will say now. This is a re-upload. Is that right, because most of these videos have been removed correct, do we know why the videos were removed? Was it in shame or was it in uh? I believe it was in shame and shame yes. Well, shame, unfortunately, uh is not a crime or is not a appropriate punishment, but let's go ahead and watch this video with another 3 a.m. Challenge I just got a brand new house guys. They gave me the keys, we're going to check it out right now, guys the house is completely empty and we brought the ouija board out guys tonight. We're trying to contact xxx tentacion on the ouija board, guys smash the like button right now guys, let's hit 100k for x. It is so sad he passed away right now for more ouija board videos, guys we might even try to contact two plus places say hello to my new crib. This is lit. Does that look sick or what we got freaking marble floors, how many lip videos are going to take place in this baby, get the kitchen yo we live in large we in charge guys. This is amazing. Gonna put a sick flat screen right up there, guys, I'm probably gonna, spend like 20 000 on furniture, guys we gonna be in a mansion, jay nation [Applause]. No, no one can hear us guys. Damn brand and there's gonna be a big ass tv screen right now, guys we're gonna use the ouija board to contact xxx tentacion, we're gonna put that down by the ouija board the whole entire time right there. I also got an instrumental by x: hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, all right guys, so we just freestyled to x's b. We got his picture right there if there's any way to attract a spirit to the ouija board, guys, that's how to do it. I mean we just killed it on the beat guys like seriously that was lit. Is anyone moving the judge asked requests? Did they crush it on the beat um? No, your honor, so that was that was removed from the from the video. The just because we didn't want to get copyrighted. Is that right, um? That's part of it also. I cannot find a re-upload, so these are clips that I had previously put together um, but they pretty much sum up the video but yeah. I was unfortunately missing the freestyle. How do we know he didn't crush it? This is. This is a good point. I guess it's subjective aeon! You ain't! Do you believe he crushed it on the beat, I mean we're using the word subjective already come on all right, let's proceed! Thank you! [Music] love! You sending love sending love! I kept seeing all over twitter people saying he used to do this. He used to do that, but all that really matters is towards the end of his life. All he really did was spread out positivity yo, what the frick, what the frick [Music] demon like so fast wait. What the hell wait: whoa, whoa, what the freak guys yo there's something hundred thousand likes guys. We gotta hit a hundred thousand 100k and we'll open this guys smash the like button right now for xxx tentacion. We actually communicated with them. Do you guys have anything else? You want to ask x, put it down in the comments guys and we might do a part, wow wow, so just to give context for those who are not aware when he passed. There was a lot of uh people mourning his loss. A lot of people felt the tragedy of a young up-and-comer passing too young, and what it appears to me is that j station has basically just popped uh capitalized on that. In order to you know further one of his videos, I mean he was just trying to get a hundred thousand prayers aka a hundred thousand likes right, but maybe he had um good intention. He what he was saying if you get a hundred thousand likes we'll open the box. That seems to me as if he would be benefiting that and not the spirit of xxx a b. Do you have anything, oh well sure, go ahead, abby yeah we're just going to point out um! He didn't handle the situation too, kindly being that he started the first half of the video showing off his house, his new mansion very good point, not very sensitive. If this is a video meant to mourn the passing of this fine young man showing off his new house, uh is certainly not a way to mourn his passing for sure. Did he ever get the enough prayers to open the cursed box? I'm not sure on that, but he did do a part two. I wonder what was in it? What the frick a I n! What do you think about him showing off his house before paying respects to to uh x? I mean it's a nice pad. I'd show it off to, but don't you think it's disrespectful to the memory of x to begin the video by showing off his you know, if you, if you, if you paid me a little more I'd, buy a house and show it off too, but unfortunately, I'm in this freaking dump um. What do you think aien? What do you think about the concept of one like equals? One prayer- I mean the logic tracks for me: it does it does yes how? How does someone clicking a like button? Equal, a prayer? How does that track for you and your infinite knowledge? Well, I mean it's all about the intention right. I can send you one like equals. One hatred if I want to, but you and but the act of the act of pressing with intent to pray, sends the prayer just like when I click like on your photos. That is me: centering hatred, hate, energy, fair point I mean certainly a fair point. Sure uh the following exhibit do not play uh x, music backwards at 3 am no pulse reversed wow couldn't possibly imagine what goes on in this one. I got a mouse now. Let me use this all right now now, before we uh move on to this, what was the reception to his first video ab? Oh, he got scrutinized um by the audience by other creators. Other people, um on youtube, like adam22, who was friends with x, were very upset. They called jay out for it, and so his decision was to basically double down and make a part two yeah, so keemstar was actually one of the people who called out jay, um, jay's content's, so bad that it's the one time my life, where I sided with keemstar, and he actually starts this next video by stating um what I'm doing is not disrespectful so for all you keemstar fans, watching all right. Let's proceed garbage right, [Music] that xxx tentacion's new song called no pulse, has some sort of cryptic, demonic messages. If you play it in reverse now guys when you play songs in reverse, it is the creepiest sounding thing you can ever imagine so guys, I'm going to need 50 000 likes for this video, not prayers. This time before we start this video. I just want to let you guys know right now: uh aien, this time he asked for lux, not prayers. Do you find that disrespectful? He left he asked for what likes not prayers. I mean a life is powerful too. Are you saying it's not well? It seems that that a like would benefit him and not uh x. I mean, I think, a like could be very, very powerful in many different ways. Would you like to list those ways? No, okay, fair enough! Didn't! Thank you. Yes, may I point out that he said 50 000, just for the record, he's jason! Oh, let me go back to observe you can ever imagine so guys, I'm going to need 50 000 likes 50, 000. right to the problem. He mispronounced it a little bit. Okay, yeah that that that that that I just want to. Let you guys know right now that it is definitely not disrespectful in any kind of way. Oh well, he just said it. There case closed. He said it's definitely yeah case closed baby yeah you lose he just in reverse, I'm just letting you guys. Why does it look like? Is his shirt wet or is it like? No, I think it's actually shiny material. Why is he wearing like a leather shirt? I mean that's just odd. I've never seen anything like that in my life. What is it made of viola? It looks like it's made of like just plastic or leather uh, any keemstar fans out there. This is not a disrespectful video. The only reason I know about this anyways is because I'm a big fan of xxx. What the hell is that? What the? What the hell is that, oh, my god, no way wait. Wait are you telling he actually has a dead animal in this video, I mean it looks like it after he heard the song, he has a dead rabbit as a prop in his video. What is wrong with this man? Why, by the way he gets massive backlash for the first one and then proceeds to make a second one and use a dead baby rabbit as a prop? Why that's so horrific? This is terrible. This is very disturbing, no pulse reverse. What's the title voice is coming from my freaking computer right now smash that, like button right now, let's hit 50. uh dude, I'm sorry. I just I like I'm having so much trouble with this content yeah. How is this real that he has six million subscribers he's walking around playing with dead animals talking about uh, xxx tenacion? They say it right, no xxs tentacion. What can I do? I'm a boomer with a gavel xxs ten ten tacion [Music] talking about talking to a speaker begging for likes. How many times does he beg for likes in a video? It's like half of the video but yeah people watch this millions of people watch this. I find that to be um, yeah, frankly, grotesque and and horrific. They probably join in for different uh reasons. One maybe to check out is fire fits every time. Leather, wet leather, look, yeah, 3, 000 likes I'll, do a part two listening to more songs played in reverse guys. I am getting out of here until daytime with all that being said guys. So why is there a dead rabbit? I have no idea, there's no correlation. I mean he probably killed that rabbit. Where do you just find a dead rabbit? I don't know the dark web jay would say the cursed web demonic. Is it? Is it possible it's alive? Is it possible that a rabbit could be sleeping with its eyes, open motionlessly on his bathroom floor? If it's alive, it's a better actor than jay is aien. How do you justify the the death of an animal? As a prop? I mean what am I supposed to feel something for living beings come on, then? Why do you care about jay station? I mean he gives me some spooks [Music] interesting, there's a lot of value in some good spooks, I go say they're hard to come by. Do you follow him for the fire fits I mean I I won't lie. That's definitely contributing factor. This is weird dude. I don't like the dead animal. What I'd like to get to the bottom of what this rabbit is? I'm gonna find it so odd. I mean what is wrong with this one. I don't like it. Well, that's exhibit b uh exhibit c. We continue on following uh. This is a third video. No, this is another video called rest in peace, mac, miller, spirit, box challenge at 3am speaks about ariana grande wow. This is just one day after mac miller's tragic death. Now, as you know, ariana grande was his ex-girlfriend right and um and uh. They were obviously very close so to click bait, not only his death, but her involvement is quite low. Indeed, it's almost beyond belief, almost almost almost demonic, also let the records show that ariana was going through a lot of bullying at the time. A lot of roles online were bullying her for what saying that she should have been there for him, saying that she should have been there for him, indicating that she had a part in you know his passing, which obviously is not true, but do you think he do you think he was trying to tap into that? Yes, 100, that's insane! I can't believe someone, this uh shameless exists. You know, I'm not. I wasn't familiar with jstation like at all. I know people have talked about them a lot and um. I have never really looked for some reason. I just I never really looked into it um. This is really a new low. I think it's back with another one, as you guys might have heard by now, mac miller, unfortunately passed away. Unfortunately, by the way, it's almost it's almost insult, like I'm, not I'm not familiar with mac, miller's, music and stuff, but I know like um x, people were very affected by his death, oh yeah, and so to you to use this footage is so [ __ ] up it's crazy. I mean I again I'm in awe of of his shamelessness right now, mac miller, like he's doing some kind of memorial for him, but he's really he's contacting his spirit at 3 two days a.m. Of my favorite things about mac miller. Is he dated ariana? That's your favorite thing, bro that he dated a girl. Is he also saying her name wrong ariana? What's your I've heard by now, mac miller, unfortunately passed away two days, one of my favorite things about mac miller? Is he dated ariana grande ariana? I guess it's ariana. I think so right wait but uh. I object to the notion that that the judge has any authority to come at someone for mispronouncing. Any word in the english language. [Laughter] uh motion is is accepted. Yeah he's recommended motion granted. Motion granted certainly certainly strike from the record um, but don't you find it funny that his favorite thing about her him is that he dated her like that, he's a fan and he's like yeah yeah. That's my favorite thing, not his music or anything else about his life. This girl is like my dream girl. I would do anything to just date. This girl and mac miller. Actually, did it guys big shout out to him for that dude? What is wrong with you? What is this big shout out shout out mac, you actually did it rest in peace, homie wow, what the frick, what the freak? How? What? How is this guy real? I mean I I oh boy. This is tough man. I mean ariana grande for mac, miller's, passing and guys. I really don't think it's ariana's fault at all. You said it's all positive energy, positivity, positive, positivity mac. We love you! Oh my god. Can I say that his tattoo looks like it looks like there's a seagull making a diarrhea yeah. If the signal is just over like an inch, it just looks like bird poop uh. That's it! That's all. That's all. I have to say about that guys, he's okay, what is this a siriana grande bro you're, just talking about ariana grande and how a lot of people are saying. This is her fault: wow, wow, wow, wow, wow wow, that is so [ __ ] up dude you're playing with people's lives. These are real people and she this is beyond insanity. I I can't believe this. What the [ __ ], what the frick is. This is so let me ask you this. I wonder if this is, if youtube would take this down today or is this acceptable content? I mean what does it say about the people that watch this unironically, I'm just so confused um, I feel like they probably never imagined they would even be confronted with content like this, like we don't have rules this crazy. It's like how do you even define yeah? This is sick, uh, community guideline, uh 6a, no desecrating the death of no calling in the dead at 3am in the morning challenge. Please yeah! I guess they could well, they do have a carve out for like shocking content. So maybe this would ponder that. Maybe to add on to what you said, judge about how you're surprised that you know you haven't heard more about him for so long. He flew under the radar. I feel like that's. What makes him very unique is like because his audience is was so young or is still so young that a lot of people didn't catch on to until it was like too late. Oh, my god yeah. Maybe he is trying to tell us something mac. Are you showing her for some sort of reason? Does she have anything to do with this? I don't know that was insane. That was definitely mac miller. Why would you even insinuate? Yeah I mean that's. Does she have anything to do with this? I don't think anyone is excusing her of killing him dude no well. Some people were accusing her not of killing her him but of like not being there, but he says. Does she have anything to do with this like she well, regardless wow? All I have to say is this: guy is a [ __, ] shitty human being this guy needs to be tried in real court. I love that he said that she's his dream girl and he would do anything to date, her and then goes on to make the worst content that she probably hates yeah, because it's just feeling the drama against her. I love her. Did you have anything to do with this man? This guy is kind of the worst dude ever it's kind of something else. Man um exhibit how and the how was the reception to this one. What was this this was before x, right amy. No, this one was after x. Oh so he's really enjoying the the negative attention you have to assume yeah I mean yeah and these views. These videos were were widely viewed. Yeah um this video um got 34k likes when it first came out in 82k dislikes right, but the views were probably high, yeah the views the views were high. I'm sorry, I don't know the number on top of my head. It was a million yeah on the count of exploiting tragedies. Uh aien. Would you like to mount a defense for the defendant j station? Please go ahead, uh! Well, I guess I have a question for you. What are your thoughts on uh? What are your thoughts on life after death? I will entertain it, although I do not know where this is going. I believe that uh there is no life after death. Do you entertain the possibility that that may be something that occurs? I can entertain the possibility. There is a window in your brain where there could be life after death. Okay, very interesting, interesting and in that window is where j station and I live. He in that window may actually be talking beyond the grave. There is no way to disprove now aien. What are the chances that someone like mac, miller or x, x x, ten tacion, would be communing with a j station of all people on earth. The chances are about as much as you just said. You entertained very small, but there is a chance, and so it is a chance if he is communing with the dead. For real, how does that make this still acceptable to pull their ghost from the grave to disturb their inter eternal rest for views on youtube to clickbait their death? How is this even um, even even to um, entertain your notion. I still fail to see how that justifies his content. Well, I mean I'm sure he generated a lot of likes during these videos and that's a lot of prayers. That's useful! So your your ultimate point is that he's he's generating prayers, which, how do prayers help uh the dead by the way? How do we prove that that's useful to them, and not just a j station? Well, that's a whole other core, we're going to have to go to a whole other court for that one, oh, okay! Okay, fair enough! Well, I find that uh somewhat interesting, uh argument. Thank you, ai n, a b. Would you like to rebut or prosecute? Please proceed uh? Yes, so the defense attorney is trying to cause a reasonable doubt in the case, but the point being made isn't that he is or isn't actually contacting the dead. As you pointed out, you're on your honor, the problem is that he's exploiting their death, so, whether it's true or not, it's the promise and the exploiting of the deceased aien. Let me ask you this: why is it that he only contacts recently desist deceased celebrities, knowing it would generate the most buzz if he truly wanted to commune with the dead? He would certainly have an interest in other people who have passed on who are not in the news. Well, I mean I I'm not an expert on no jstation, but I'd have to imagine that the farther back you go for someone's demise, the worst. It's like it's like driving through a tunnel. The signal is worse. It's hard to to reach their spirit, has drifted further and therefore they're more difficult to reach fascinating. I don't know if the long island would agree with that long island medium disagrees with you and I'll have that long, island medium, but but fair enough. I think that's an interesting analogy: okay, ila! What do you think I listened to both of these uh fellas, fellas and uh distinguished gentleman? Yes, a b to make more sense in this point and I side with him, so I think I mean I mean. Aien obviously makes his best attempt at a fair defense here you know saying: well, maybe he is communing with the dead but um. Ultimately, as ultimately, I feel that that point is moot. I believe that j station is capitalizing on the newsworthiness shamelessly to invoke the name of ariana grande and to insinuate to ask. Did you have something to do with? This is shameless, it's irresponsible and it's uh, it's it's frankly, uh disgraceful and unbelievable. I couldn't believe what I was saying and I think, even worse than that, it's just not cool if you're not cool, if she's your dream girl, that's some respect for your dream, girl, good luck in the afterlife with her idiot, um, wow, j station, you are guilty on all counts of exploiting tragedy, and may the court add that this is possibly one of the worst most egregious examples. I've seen of irresponsible trashy content on youtube, and for that I sentence you j station to 20 billion years of demonetization, 10, gazillion dislikes and jstation. They have something for the end. No, it all adds up. It's not good. Well, you know how sometimes they give like mass murderers. Like I sented you to a thousand years yeah, it's like we get it. That's what's happening here and furthermore, j station, I sentence you to be ouija boarded when you pass away by uh your by your most hated um by your go, and I and I wish that your ghosts curse you in the afterlife and that your ouija board and that your girl ex-girlfriend ouija boards, you no good what the freak no good in the afterlife. I don't. I guess I don't hold any jurisdiction there guilty guilty guilty. Wow, I'm offended! This court is offended. Shame on you, wow! Next, on to the next criminal charge for offensive hate crimes um. This sounds quite serious. Jay station's offensive gay videos. He made a video called. We kissed ordering gay potion from the dark web at 3am. One must wonder why does everything on his channel have to happen at 3 a.m? Guys back with another banger video? We went back on to the dark web and we actually discovered there's a gay posting guy, some potion that, if you drink will turn anywhere. Let me, may I ask you a question: if you didn't want to [ __ ], your homie, why would you even order a gay potion to begin with? You know what I mean. That's a great observation. They really get into character, uh their roles in this I think you're, just gay dude I mean you, don't need a potion man. So who is gay good question? Who is gay day for exactly one hour guys? This is crazy. Okay, I'm a straight guy. Are you straight, I'm a straight guy: I'm not gay bro, okay, guys check out j hills. What was that? What was that by the preacher? You ugly right man? This is so weird. How do you even think of this? What yeah? How do you even think of this [ __ ]? Do we does he get points for creativity, because it's so odd? Also I this one is even weirder to happen at 3 a.m. Yeah, it's almost like they actually just want to [ __ ], just he he just here's. The thing he's like this guy that needs to um monetize everything in his life so he's like I'm gonna [ __ ], my homie, let's monetize this [ __ ], first gay potion from the dark web for one hour for us guys. This is going to be a banger chain, a suit yeah. It smells fruity, bro, fruity, yeah man. It smells like a fruit. Let me smell it. Why would you drink this? If you weren't gay, why would you drink this? Knowing that you're going to want to [ __ ], your homies they're, just doing it for research? This is an educational channel now right. What is the ugandan preacher think? Why are you gay yeah right? This? Am I gonna just start making out with you. You don't come near me: bro guys, okay, okay, we're going to do the rock paper scissors rock paper scissors shoot! Oh I'm whipped cricket gargle! So we know it's there, gargle, like my jizz. How long did it take like this last only one hour, this last only one hour, I don't know how long it takes, but he started feeling his tip for you, bro how's. It feel like I feel like a little bit like a little weird vibe. You know yeah, oh my god did we have stupidity on the charges? Criminal? Stupidity! No! That's not! Here! Um! I will ask you to add that we will move to add that to the charges. Well, it's clearly super offensive. I mean yeah what if you get stuck like this? First of all, imagine what a nightmare yeah well, first of all the insinuation that being gay has some kind of characteristics or qualities yeah and then the other notion being that it's some kind of curse that you have to buy on the dark web. But it's like! Oh I'm, gay now I have different affects and I act this way. Yeah. It's like they're, just normal people, um just suck your homies dick bro. I know what this is about. Doesn't that make you [Music] [Laughter], yet dog, yo, jay station [Laughter] wow. I think he's feeling some type of way: preacher ugandan preacher. You are gay yeah and he didn't even drink the potion. Yet you are a transgender, oh, my god, he's not transgender as far as I'm aware so, who is gay so far ahead, yeah so far him because he drank the potion, but j station's already groping him so bro. Why is he talking differently? This is super offensive dude. Is he talking so crazy and he's swirling his hair? Oh okay, like you don't like to kiss like, I don't like to talk to you, then, oh, my god. This is. I can't believe what I'm watching this is super [, __ ]. This is super [, __ ]. This is so odd wow. This is, I feel like this is something you would see in like the 1950s right and like a cartoon with blackface and [ __ ]. I was just gonna say that that feels like something that would be. Okay when like blackface was okay, this is blackface vibes for sure on youtube for kids, why the [ __ ] does he have a sarcophagus in his? I don't know this was bubba john's house yeah, you know his whole house is empty, there's like no furniture, except he just has a sarcophagus. Is that where he sleeps at night, possibly possibly, I could see him sleeping that turns me on. I have that same sarcophagus just for the record. Why? What's wrong? Why wait why? Well, oddly enough, this is going off track, but my parents got a divorce. That's the only thing my dad wanted from the divorce. It's a cd holder, I don't know, and it ended up being a d holder, wait. How is it a cd holder? You said you have the same one. How is it one yeah? How is it a cd holder? Where is the city? Oh and the inside is just like a big like line of to hold cds stacks on top of each other. Yeah wait, so it opens hold on hold on your parents got divorced and all he wanted was the sarcophagus. It's so bizarre, I know that's all, that's all I wanted and then he gave that to you. No, he he uh! Well me him. My my dad and my brother lived together for a while, and then he ended up getting his own place and he left it with us so kept in the family. So you got foisted yeah, it sounds like he likes it trump tell us the truth. Do you like it? The sarcophagus yeah um. It made a great pop prop for my jstation video I'll. Tell you that fair enough, all right, let's proceed troubling information, get a bunch of makeup. I'm down! You want to go shopping, wait did jay wait, hold on, did jay drink the potion at this point or no? No, he has. He has a separate video. That's the next exhibit. So why is he why? What is so? What is he doing? He's just and he's just playing along makes. You want to make him a sandwich apparently, which is also like all feminine qualities is making sandwiches or being gay is feminine and feminine yeah yeah yeah. You would be in the kitchen, yeah fascinating, hey danny, so coming in a little oh man, oh my god, your nails aren't even done. No, we should get them done. I'd like you. Better, like this probably better like that. Ah thank you. Oh my god, do I need to finish this. I mean this is insane? No, you you don't! You can go on to the next one. Okay, I mean I do this oh wait and then he comes out of it yeah he comes oh, I want to watch him come out of it yeah then he tries to rape him. Oh well, yeah! I gotta finish this. It's almost over [Music] your tattoos. Oh my god, with pink nose. It looks so sexy. You look like the [Music] okay. First of all, there's a couple of priests, uh suppositions. I have to address one that any gay man would want to [ __ ] jake station you're, saying that is impossible. Just because he's gay doesn't mean he wants to [ __ ]. This guy I mean, let's be honest, right, not much going on there. What about those fire fits? Did you see the montclair beanie bits? He spends a lot of money on his clothes, at least his hats, um, and then the other one is that gay people are rapists. Apparently too right he's like I'm gay now I just need to rape. You be scared of gays like what the [ __ ] is. [Applause] get this of me. What the [ __ ] am I doing bro you're trying to kiss me you're trying to make out. Why are you laughing oh? This is this. Is this is something man I mean really? Oh boy, that's hard to watch. Okay could have been a history piece if it was made 50 years ago yeah, maybe in 50 years before we move forward. Can I just draw some notes for the court wait? Oh, your video is frozen, hold up, oh my god, on such a goofy frame too from the top okay um. So I just want to draw to the attention of the court a few observations. Uh. First of all, I believe jay and his friend have never met a gay person in their life, but also they believe that I think they believe that if you're gay, you believe that you're a girl. I just want to point that out, especially for the next video. That's coming out, you sort of yeah. I should draw attention to that: okay, moving on uh j station drinks, the gay potion coming out of the closet is the title of this one. Let's proceed. Herman [Music], god's name was that why was kermit in the movie he's a normal character in jay's videos? He drinks the gay potion in another video, oh even kermit gets in on it you're feeling fruity it sort of feels whoa. No, I sort of feel I drank that. Potion, don't come near me, bro don't go. I think it's starting to kick in, though I think it is. Did you feel like this yeah bro do not come? Are they just playing out their gay fantasies, yeah yeah, totally totally on camera? Also, we already saw what like if this was an experiment, whatever the other guy, we already saw what it does to him and then jay decides, even though he knows what's going to happen to do it, he has to do it. The real question is: why haven't you guys done it together or have they well? That begs the question. Certainly, doesn't it well, I get the idea so he's acting like a female he's. Putting on makeup like a stupid female. Can I say a bimbo he's got a shirt tied up he's putting on makeup. Does he attempt to rape his buddy or anything? Yes, he does. Of course he does. I love that. Does he attempt to rape his buddy? Yes, your honor yeah yeah, where's money, okay, okay, okay, should I be like, like this yeah yeah pull this pole? Is nice yeah yeah bro? You are so you are enjoying this so much all right, all right! So here comes the rape, I'm sure I like that say sexy. I know deep down, you want it. No, I don't want that [Music]! I got you in the corner. Now I got you in the corner. No just take a sip of potion. Bro it'll be fun. Bruh, don't kiss me girl, don't kiss me bro what what's wrong with my face? Did you do this to me? Oh my god. Oh my god. Well, of course, any any any. I won't speak for the whole gay community, but I I find this just yeah super offensive. Super super offensive. Also gay people don't necessarily wear makeup. I mean what what the [ __ ] does that about: okay, kermit, the frog gay I get it. I don't know that I need to watch kermit the frog go gay black santa. This sounds interesting. Am I am I okay to skip kermit the frog ab? Yes, okay, so on to more offensive hate crimes, jay has a video called black. Santa video is actually entitled. Do not call black santa on facetime at 3am. Calling santa claus on facetime actually works. Who is black santa a.b um? He is a fictional character that uh jay has made up. I believe um that he's trying to pass off as a real character who visits um black children. So there's a white sand and a black santa and uh the j mcu. I don't know how you want to call it j universe, that's insane that is so [ __ ] up. Is there a game segregating christmas? I think even in the 1950s they didn't have a black santa. You know what I mean like santa was still white. Then I guess maybe it's good black santa, but I don't know it seems a little [ __ ], especially from jay. Let's take a look at black santa, shall we hmm, but I was at the mall yesterday and I actually saw a black santa guys. I didn't even know black santa existed. Why didn't? I know that roxanna existed guys. I thought santa was white, but no, I guess there's two santa claus guys tonight we're actually going to facetime blacks 3 a.m. Let me know guys what you want for christmas, so the insinuation being that black santa's creepy, somehow that's why we need to call him at 3am. Is that what you say he said I have to call black santa at 3am. Why at 3am, because 3am is the spooky hour all of his creepy videos are at 3am, believe it or not that's putting it lightly compared to what he actually thinks section. I'm sure santa claus is actually going to watch this video, regular santa has a santa claus hotline. So I'm sure, if we look through google hard enough, we're actually going to find black santa's phone number, and why do you think there's a black santa, like maybe black santa goes? How does he talk these moms clothes into this kids or what that could possibly make sense like that's the only thing is there like a chinese santa for the asian people or I don't even know well, I think the black santa does go to the black people and, like like, like he said, bro the white one goes to the white. I mean guys, how crazy would it be if santa actually brings a black elf here, oh my god guys so wait. Does that mean that white sand is like I ain't delivering packages, there's no black kids right and black santa's, like [ __, ], white kids, I'm only delivered back like they beef, they have turf wars anyway. Here's a picture of black santa he's got his contact number and his number guys. I mean now guys we're gonna actually message him just because we don't yeah. How do you get his number dude that looks, [, __ ] he's actually realer. He could be busy right. He's santa yeah he's, probably caring for just us right. That's right well hold on. Why would black santa talk to a bunch of white kids plot hole? It's 3am, he doesn't see. He'll refer us to the white santa line. Okay right now, guys, I'm going to say black hi uh hi we're looking for white hi black santa. Do you have a white santa's phone number there? What the hell? He knows my name! I don't know, oh my god, what the hell guys yeah! He must know everything guys. I'm thinking this is a real santa. He knows my name guys. This acting is so [ __ ] horrendous. What the frick! Oh, my god, you guys he's a real santa. He knows everything uh to watch this unironically. You really would have to be like I don't know five, that's what I was wondering too. I feel like even 10 year olds would say this is stupid. Yeah. I think five, that's almost getting close to theodore's age, but then at that point, when your audience is five years old and you're talking about like gay stereotypes and black santa, you should be in jail, not not that jail real jail. You know the song, he knows when you are sleeping. He knows when you're awake 10 a.m, guys it's 3 10., oh my god, the hell, oh that dude I gotta skip forward. It's too long. I'm freaking scared! Oh my god is there here. Should I specifically focus on black santa demands fried chicken? Well, that sounds [ __ ] up what? Oh, my god. Oh my god, do you ever think black santa gets offended by being referred to as black santa. You ever think. He's like my my name is craig or something well, I've seen it all folks I literally just saw. I can't believe what I just saw. Can I I gotta watch that again I mean we're just saying it's for five-year-olds. I wouldn't even do this for the regular santa I'm scared [Music], it's like a jump scare [Music]. So black santa is rude. He's abrasive, he's creepy. He sounds like a criminal he's like ho ho ho [ __ ] where's, my fried chicken not good. Is that an actual black person or is it black face? I think it was a black dude okay. From from what I could tell yeah. What am I to make of this? I mean really, let's, let's really take this in here um. This has to be comedy right. Should we check in with ain ai in what am I I need help def. I need help contextualizing this, please uh. You don't have to check in with me right now. You don't want to touch this one. Even aien, you don't you know, you don't want to touch this. One defense rests interesting, but but is this comedy? I mean what is happening here. I mean what is this? I mean. What really is I'm blown away? Well, there's more: let's, let's keep watching uh. He continues to be aggressive and curse. Oh my god. It's black santa! What what bra station so santa's like a ex-con I mean or like santa's like who is this black santa? I mean in their mind he's like a I mean, I'm speechless yeah help me out here. Ian help me: this is your clients. It seems his battery's low. You better charge that for the closing statement, [Music] santa, please, okay, we got lots of cookies, chicken, yeah yo santa. We tried to order chicken. We tried to order it. We don't it's close, it's closed, something that we can do now. We got lots of cookies and merry christmas, so insane this was on youtube. I mean this is [Music] [Music] guys. Oh I'm, sorry, santa! Oh, my god! Oh yeah, we walked in there with smokey upstairs. What was he doing in the room? Oh, my god dude. I think he was smoking in there yeah. It was that wow dude, I I I I I I this could also live in the 1950s. Probably now j station bring live from 1950 when they were like trying to uh portray black people as criminals, yeah right after slavery. This would fit right in a I n, uh you're gonna have to repeat the question: what about a b a-I-a-I-e-n? Why are they not guilty of a hate crime? Well I mean what do you mean? I'm not the judge. Are they guilty? I can't tell you you're supposed to make a person you're supposed to persuade me and their defense. You understand how this works. I mean I I I don't know I don't know. Sometimes the best defense is to plead fair enough. He's pleading the fifth well. This is [ __ ] I mean this is just this is just um, it's unbelievable. How long was this content on youtube did youtube? Do anything about it? Did it get a lot of views? Can you give me some background on this ab? Okay, so this video was still up um. All the way up to the last of my knowledge was um, beginning of 2020 and youtube didn't remove it. I believe he removed it after some reach a recent controversy, but no, I believe you removed it. The views were in the millions, oh, my god, reception, reception, um, so in the final exhibit. I included some comments from this video and you'll see the impact that his videos have on small children. Aien. Do you on the charge of hate crimes and racial stereotypes just hate in general? What do you say in defense of gay station, which he dubbed himself, of course, do not get paid enough to defend this? I'm out. Okay, aien does not get paid enough to defend this. I think that's an admission of guilt. I think if I can read between the lines aien is saying this dude is a racist yeah he's guilty. I think, and that's coming from aien who's, not even a human being. He has no reputation to even defend to uphold a b. Do you have a retort to your? Do you have a retort? I can't imagine what it would be, but please go ahead. Uh! No, I believe that's what the kids refer to as a w. You know be interesting if you defended j station now, because I'm not really sure, oh, that it would be interesting. I mean the only defense I would have. Is that he's possibly [ __ ] in the head doesn't know better. Oh yeah, so, oh see there you go uh mental illness. You can claim that in court mental illness, but we don't have enough information to go off that so ela uh on the charges of of hate crimes and terrible crimes against humanity. Uh we find the defendant obviously and gravely horrifically it unforgivably, irredeemably guilty as charged that's horrible stuff. I mean I'm, I'm frankly shocked that that about I'm shocked that it was conceived, I'm shocked that it was executed that it was uploaded. I'm shocked that people watch it. I'm shocked that it was is successful, content on youtube. The whole thing is just uh incredible and it leads perfectly into our next crime, which is corrupting the youth. We have gone through the trouble of looking through the comment section on just one of the videos, the black santa one, because I believe it's important to prove to the ladies and gentlemen of the jury that his fans are indeed young and impressionable, very young and impressionable. So we went through the comment section and here are a few of the choice, comments I'll be doing a lot of pausing here so bear with me on this one. I feel this this one. Actually, just is very sad. I feel very sad because you said brown people are evil and I'm brown. Well, I agree with you young man, that is pretty sad, can the other santa what the freak call the other santa and tell them what happened please. So this is, I mean, like the otto santa would be white santa come save the day yeah, but the kid is like super convinced by this whole thing. Look at the way: black santa act and jay station like favorited. This comment, which I think is odd, is oddly telling I don't care if this offends any [ __ ]. This is hilarious from todd todd, age five. I wish you could see people's age online. I feel like that would solve, like all the problems of the internet instantly. That's true like when you're getting harassed by someone on twitter and they're getting under your skin. If torah was like jeff age, seven you'd be like oh, my god, I'm getting annoyed by a seven-year-old. Nobody would ever take that person seriously and rightfully so. This is the reason I don't like black people, damn dog really again, even edited huh, interesting from the ultimate gamer ultimate gamer cg age. Six. You would think that if you even saw one comment like this on, your video you'd think you know what I gotta read. I steered wrong yeah exactly this video may not be right. Why did evil santa gotta be black good question dexter good question? You should buy, fried chicken then call black santa. So why would they even have 21 up votes? That's like the whole premise of the video. Do you understand like the age and mentality of these people? Maybe they think he'll act different based on the premise she provided they're, giving him advice get the chicken before he comes next time. You can have a good interaction with them. People say this. Video is races by the way. How old do you have to be to call to spell it races? I don't think it's races or maybe not from america, but but everything else is pretty good. I mean races, I don't know black santa is so evil. Then white, santa dominion, age, three and a half grade kinder, just call the white santa again really sensible advice from a child and there you have it. Um there's also some comments that are worth going over, because I find these interesting there's another video where he makes a voodoo doll of his ex-girlfriend um. His ex-girlfriend accused him of abusing him, and so his response to these very serious allegations was to make a voodoo doll of her and punish her makes sense. But these are real allegations. She laid against him and this was his response. 1.8 million views anyway. The comments here were also interesting. Let's take a look, did ako died, bruh eco gonna, get it like a [ __, ] boy. She need this brutal. So what can you give some context to this? Is the girl yeah yeah aiko? I call yeah because she yeah, I wish you could get her in your house, so we could watch her suffer jesus, but anyway we have imaginations- oh my god, so sadistic papa likes that she nerves to get hurt by voodoo doll. Okay, thank you. Jared h, uh, eight jay! You are savage, a cool, savage four upvotes, oh yeah. She deserves that. I'm a murder eco, I ko I'm, a murder, ico, billy, h3 imma come up to her block and shotgun her fascinating. Well, there you have it. I think I mean this is just a small sample just to show who we're dealing with here and the kind of content he's influencing. So on the count of corrupting the youth, it's quite clear that there's no deliberation needed ai ian. Do you have anything to say in his defense? I mean I'll, just throw it to you real quick. I mean my defense would probably be that uh holding someone accountable for their comment. Section is a dicey road. I mean I've seen some fried brains when I've scrolled down on the h3 podcast I'll. Tell you that much fair, fair enough, certainly not a bad uh defense and a b any retort um. Just that the comments are in relation to the actual content they are showing their in response to what jay is trying to betray? Oh well, let's look, let's, let's not mint, let's, let's look the dude's [ __ ] he's guilty right come on, but in in summary, you know in closing on the j station as a whole. [Music] aien. Do you have anything to say in his defense? Is he redeemable in any way he is accused mind you of exploiting tragedies, hate crimes and corrupting the youth? What say you it's uh! I mean it's not looking great [Laughter] wow anything else, but maybe he can maybe he can pull a u-turn, I'm not sure on his content. You never know so you're. So basically, what you're saying is he is guilty of everything, but maybe he can redeem himself. Somehow, that's a possibility sounds like okay. Well, the possibility of content, parole, baby content for all okay. Well, his defense has said: he's guilty ab. Yeah, I'm not really sure where to go from this, but please go ahead um. I think this is the one time in my life where I'm going to say this, but in closing I think keemstar was right about this guy he's a problem. That's all strike from the record. You are in contempt of court, a b um, first of all, you're responsible for this. First of all, a b- it's not like keemstar, has any unique insight. Literally, anyone who hasn't been lobotomized can look at this content and know that it's [ __ ] up, so why? Why bring keemstar into it as some authority, I don't know I just order. Conte hold hey. I hold a b in contempt of court mother, [, __, ], hey! I have one final thing I would like to put forward go ahead. I noticed that we haven't seen a yet one final piece of evidence. Where is sonic exe, do you want to watch? You have new evidence to submit to the court. I would like to submit okay, sonic, exe, [Laughter] and, and you believe that this video will redeem him in some in some way. Is that as uh um to understand, I'm just trying to say that this very well might be the uno reversal card of this whole trial. Okay, can I get a link to uh? Please approach the stand and submit uh sonic exe, please I don't think aien can stand. Oh, you don't have legs, can you put it I'll? Do it yeah a b will do it? Okay, I have legs, no need to instantly. Prove it stand up, just never prove it stand up liar. I just I just don't want to see them. You don't want to see these I'm a little embarrassed. Okay, they look like an inverted ostrich, claw man. I love this video very embarrassing. Okay, so we have with us the final surprise segment that could be a uno reversal card last minute introduced by the defense uh. Let's see here, sonic exe is apparently he mixes his dna in an egg to create sonic the hedgehog all right. We are actually trying to create sonic.exe guys last year. This time what is sonic.exe, I I think it's best to have dan describe it and dan's really a big fan of this video. Then you would like to call dan to the witnesses. Dan dan. Are you speaking for defense or prosecution. I I I can be an impartial um you're, an expert witness yeah, an expert for which side, I guess ian well ian- is the one that dan is my witness dan. You are expert witness for defensive justice. I am a fairly big fan of sonic exe jstation, okay, so dan as the uh expert, tell me what is sonic exceed uh. As far as I can tell, I think it's like a a creepypasta kind of thing. That's floated around the internet for a while about a cursed, video game, some sort of uh. You know long buried, sonic, spin-off um and if you play it, it's kind of like first thing, I'm good sorry, it's kind of like the ring. You know if you watch the video in the ring you die like a few days later. If you play this cursed, sonic game you'll, your head will explode or some [ __ ], so um jstation doesn't seem to really understand that or what exe means or really anything, because he seems to think that sonic is like a it's a creature. I guess do you think he doesn't know who sonic the hedgehog is. Well, he probably knows what sonic the hedgehog is, but I don't think he really understood the urban legend when he created this video because it it takes a very weird turn very quickly, involving some eggs and insemination and dna. Well, the court would like to note that this video has 3.5 million views and an overwhelming like ratio- oh yeah yeah. This is a banger, so in this scene, where I'm about to watch, he inserts his dna into an egg. What what dna is actually to take off the blood? I already have my dna inside of this we're gonna just inject it into the egg, so I'm just gonna wiggle it around guys. These eggshells are actually pretty freaking hard, but it should go in. It finally went inside guys these eggs are a lot stronger than the white eggs. So I'm just looking. Do we really want? Do we really want kids taking blood out of their veins and trying to take their blood and inject any eggs? The dna in my objective? Yes, this is not an encouraging tale. This is a cautionary tale. He is warning children to not put their dna into an egg and insert sonic exe ever ever. Okay. By doing it he's trying to show you the consequences. Okay, fair enough, thank you he's taking one he's taking one for the rest of us is we need to bandage this thing up. There can't be any hole inside of the egg. This will seal the hole, completely shut, we're just going to tape this over the egg right here and we have the egg okay, let's get forward. I have a time stamp here where he comes home later and discovers the egg. Has cracked open and given birth no way what the freak is. The problem? Look where what the frick? What's the prick? Oh, my gosh, what the freak is wrong with it. It's not just like a toy you put in water, that's just like a toy you put in water and it grows. Or is it something else it's sonic exe dude? What are you talking about? Something look at that? Does that look like sonic guys? It's like blue! It looks like a blue skeleton or something like that. Dude and it's like a mouse or a hedgehog or something so honestly guys, I have to say this is obviously he's just making kids content. That is like super absurd. The problem is, when you mix in all this racial stereotypes and like vendettas against his exes and [ __ ] like that, because if they're willing to believe a premise is absurd, as this then they're going to believe that black santa is real and he just wants fried chicken and all this nonsense um. This is not helping j station you can play longer. Maybe I should turn into something it was working guys like. That is definitely looking like it's a hedgehog or an animal okay. So, let's skip forward to when the bl the sonic has grown up a bit and um. Here it is dangerous. I think this is actually sonic exe, all right guys, I'm gonna open it up right now, whoa whoa. What is that? What is what is that moving in there? What is that? I don't know? I don't know, I don't know, I'm gonna open it, I'm gonna open it. It's a mouse that they've shitty spray painted blue. Look at this thing: that's freaking sonic, it's like a blue, freaking hedgehog or something guys. It's obviously a mouse or mouse is so cute. It's not a hedgehog, certainly not a hedgehog. It's not a hedgehog! Definitely not it! Okay, uh the hamster ends up biting jay, and now he becomes possessed. Let's see what happens here, wow it is blue. It's a blue freaking, sonic [Music]! Oh jeez! Are you okay, bro you're hitting me he kind of body slammed that poor mouse didn't he man better to take out sonic xu before he strikes again. He can add it to his other collection of dead animals. With this rabbit [Music], so he's become sonic. That's awesome! Oh my god guys. I just saw him run up the stairs. Oh my god. What is this thing that sonic exc fit in guys the legit vietnamese who's? This goon? That's big ahmed wait! Why does he look familiar? Did we talk about him? I think we've seen this video before oh sonic bit me. This video is [ __ ] dumb. How is this defending him? What is the purpose of this? What am I missing here? Go ahead. Go ahead. This was your idea. I I really don't know how you can watch this and decide. This is not like top-tier content, and so what is your point here? How does this? How does this absolve j station so once again referred to my my star? Witness here this he would agree with me. Is this one of the greatest videos ever made this video's fire? I mean I, I don't know what to tell you judge ethan with all with respect with respect, and why is this one of the greatest videos ever made? Can you unpack that, for me, please dude. He got super powers from a freaking from a freaking, hedgehog, sonic, exe, dude, hmm interesting point: it's got twists. It's got turns it's got! Excitement I'm gonna go check up on him. Oh my god guys! This is just got bit by it. Sonic got exe yeah, I have to admit they actually did a really good job. That's kind of impressive yeah. I think if aien has effectively um distracted, this court yeah, but let us refocus and well listen guys. Here we are it's it's I mean look on on the offense of exploiting tragedies. We find him guilty guilty guilty guilty absolutely and horrendously unforgivably unredeemably guilty j station. You are one of the most ill-conceived irredeemable, unbelievable channels. I've ever had the displeasure of seeing on youtube. I mean, what's what's more surprising than the content itself, is the amount of success he's found in it? I sentence uj station. Did you hear that it was like super loud noise upstairs maybe as a demon from a ouija board? I sent it to you j station to a billion years of watching your own content guilty guilty guilty. I sent once you break and in the afterlife I sense you to move the hands of a trillion ouija boards hands. You know how they put their hands on the ouija board and then it will spell out what the frick, what the work. So, when kids go, do a ouija board when he dies it'll say what the frick and they'd be like j station. What the [ __ ] guilty guilty: kelty sonic.exe guys thanks for watching. Thank you, judge, klein um! Yes, the judge needs to say court is adjourned. I think the judge is adjourned. Judge is already disruptive. The judge is gone. Judge is out of here. Okay uh, all right.