Two all rise for the honorable judge, ethan klein. This episode is sponsored by mint mobile [Music] good afternoon. Everybody please be seated, welcome to content court order. This court is now in session good evening, everybody or morning, whatever time it is today. It is my understanding that we take a look at a channel known as the prince family. This is a channel, a family vlog that is run by damian, prince and bianca reigns. A married couple, incidentally, with two different last names does not bode well. For them does it. They are married right, abey. Yes, this is not looking good already. They have three kids dj, kyrie and nova in their video. They highlight their days, challenges, games and other contents. This channel is being charged with committing the following crimes: terrible intros, disturbing click bait over sexualized content, fake pranks, which reminds you holds a- is a capital offense. In this jurisdiction and exploiting children. We will be hearing the pleadings by the plaintiff a b, who will be the prosecuting attorney against the ace family, not ice, uh, well they're next, but actually I meant, I meant the uh prince family. There's too many families to keep track of on youtube and they're all brazy and we als and then so and then the defending council is aien. We will hear all the pleadings of both sides and at the end we will come to a verdict on each count. Council, do you have your opening statement? Let us begin with a b his opening statement. Thank you, your honor. Yes, I would like to begin by saying I am here on behalf of the youtube community as a whole. We must come together and not let these cringe channels fly under the radar any longer. It is our moral obligation to shed light on it and put a stop to it. That's all your honor! Thank you ab for the opening statement. Aien do you have anything to say on behalf of your client, the not ace fit the prince family uh. First off I'd like to make this quick, I'm running low on battery, I will have to charge soon, but I think this channel is lit. It's exciting their ability to inflict pain on their viewers and each other is admirable. Okay- and that hardly seems like a defense but uh you are the professional. I just have to say this content does not grind my gears, so you are a fan of their content, which does not bode well for them. Thank you, council. Well, let us begin straight into our first uh crime. Here we are be. We are charging the prince family with terrible intros. Please proceed prosecuting counsel, a b with our first um uh evidence. Thank you, your honor, so one of the first commonalities we see amongst these family channels is that they all have these horrible cringe-filled intros and thanks to the wife, bianca, the prince family may have the top spot. If you please take a look at the first exhibit, you will see what I'm talking about uh, we'll opening the compilation of bianca now and entering for the record exhibit. Ah, this is really how she starts her videos- oh my god, every time how does nobody click off immediately? What no wow? Why do your eyes? Look so big in this [Applause]. Some claim that she does this to reach the 10-minute mark, so we're halfway through this video uh. I think the court has seen enough of evidence of exhibit a so the charge is that it's an awful intro and while I won't cast my verdict just yet, I have to say that the court finds it very offensive. Indeed, yeah I mean this is a popular channel and and it's crazy that people don't click off immediately. I mean they have a lot of views. They've got like seven million subs and uh. This is very persuasive evidence. Every video starts like that: a b, every video, every single one aie, and do you have a defense of this intro? I really don't see a problem with it I mean say: you're a first time, viewer she's, just letting you know her name. What's the big deal interesting defense, do you not find it grating that it could possibly deter anybody? Who has a sane state of mind from watching the content? I mean it's like say you get distracted, oh wait! I didn't catch her name. What was it? Oh she's still saying it good, yeah, fascinating defense. I find that very persuasive. Moving on to exhibit b, we have they're being charged with acting ratchet prank to see how my husband reacts bad idea, another awful intro, let's examine acting ratchet, look at how you acting you acting very unusual unusual. You acting like a thought right now, bro. What in god's name is this? This has two million views and people love it look at the likes these peop. This has seven million. I mean hang on. Let me watch this [ __ ] again. That's it yeah, that's awful, and I don't really know what to say it's obviously fake too. That's the other thing like I like the idea that there's like a family running a prank channel and every day, they're making a video acting crazy and it's like what are you doing right? I have no idea, you could be pranking me right now by acting ratchet. Give me my popsicle get over here now no get over here. Why are you acting like that? What in god's name distract this one was called distracting? My husband, while he's on my phone revenge prank now just to be clear, I'm only looking at the intros right, maybe correct, husband, wakes up in swimming pool, prank. Oh, why are you recording me cuz good morning, damian damien, you all right. Why are you crying? Does he not know how to swim? What's the premise there, he doesn't know how to swim. He doesn't know how to swim. Yes, why is he in a pool? Oh, she pranked him. He pranked him correct, we'll we'll explore that exhibit more later. On that obviously begs the question: can you get someone in a pool without them knowing real vs gummy food challenge [Music]? This is disgusting. This is how they start their video. I swear to g. I swear to god dude. If I try to get myself eating a worm in the first five seconds of a video youtube would would nuke my whole they'd nuke, my house. They just bomb my house, but this has three million views it's from may of this year. This is recent y'all. I don't get it well. You put family in the title of your channel. You can do anything right is that the issue here um interesting, the next exhibit is calling my wife, the b word prank uh, oh [, __ ] call me bro [Music] again once again, what is this? What's the prank, a family uh of a domestic violence prank once again this video? Let's see what was this update? This was from five months ago, they're hitting each other cursing each other and the first 36 seconds, and it has four million views. I mean what the hell susan would call me on the phone be like ethan, you lost your mind. What's the difference between call of duty and acting like? Don't you find a crazy double standard? Also, how is this family content that I'm not sure hey, kids gather around and watch mom and dad physically attack each other and call each other? The b word uh. Oh it's blurred, though, so it's okay, what the [, __ ] uh, coming up next coming home from the gym, fully dressed frank. What kind of prank is that, don't you usually come home from the gym fully dressed? Yes, it did. This is not my condom. Yes, this is not mine. That bed is pretty epic. What just happened. Maybe oh, there was a prank that she found I'm trying to stop it. I'm trying. I don't know why the button just doesn't click sometimes she's excusing him of finding a condom, and it's it's not his and he has no idea who's. It is so it's a prank, though yeah and it's crazy how they're like pranking about like cheating and stuff and then running, running slow-mo of their kids [Music]. It's crazy man, this shit's wild as [ __, ], well, they're, making a good living. At least it's a cute baby, actually nova. Okay, there's a quite a lot of examples here, spin, the mystery wheel, challenge truth or dare one spin equals one? Dare let's see what you got, I know what's gonna happen, bro you what again you're having a tongue in kissing on a family channel in the first 30 seconds, and I just don't get it. How is it what what's happening here? This is so illegal, illegal yeah. This is this is a clear violation of the law. Someone saved me- hmm catfishing, my husband, to see. If he cheats leads to real breakup, somehow I doubt that I actually wanted you in the beginning, but I was already with bianca plus we had kids. How did you already want her when you met her through me, then I'm about to go grab somebody first of all. Why are you grabbing viagra's when you don't even use viagra's on me? You don't even take them when you're with me, so why are you taking them with her you're trying to last longer? So do you want me to expose you because you don't laugh at them all? Is that why you're trying to grab viagra you last five minutes. Damian stop, like I swear, I will expose out of him, don't play with me. So let me just get this straight. First 30 seconds again, I have to emphasize youtube, has a rule that you can't have any cursing or graphic content, especially, and what is this dan? You clicked the stats for nerds button for some reason, what the [ __ ] did. I click. I didn't click [, __ ], your clicking game is it's something it's this trackpad is insane. I know why? Don't you use a mouse? No, how dare you this? Is my court um, so in the first 30 seconds it needs to be totally clean, but somehow the prince family has found a way to circumvent this world. They have viagra sex cursing on a family channel. How is this family content? I truly don't understand, but this one has seven million views quite a popular video on their channel and how big is their channel? Did we seven million subscribers and they have multiple channels they have about five or six channels. Why is this their? This is their main channel, that's their main, correct and and who's the target audience of this uh channel. May I ask, I'm not sure I believe it's marketed to be towards families, but it doesn't really make sense to me right that certainly doesn't make sense to the court either well in inch and obviously those those are all the exhibits we have for the first section of terrible intros, which I find uh before obviously I'll pass my verdict at the end of the session, but ai in. Would you like to make any statement on behalf of the defendants? Oh, oh, what were you guys talking to me? Sorry, I was just finishing up a real verse. Gummy food challenge, dramatic taste, test video. It was pretty entertaining they pulled me in with that intro. So your argument is that the intro pulls you in and got you interested, listen your dishonor. I would like to say: whoa, hey, hey, excuse me. I will hold you in contempt of court aien. If you disrespect me like that again, it's your honor. Please begin again, all right all right, I'd like to draw attention to your complete and utter confusion watching every exhibit. Would you describe yourself as confused? I would I would um. I would describe it as a state of I don't get you get. I don't think you can question the judge. You can't question the judge order. Confusion was on your face. Yes, I was confused. I was confused. Go ahead, proceed with your point. Confusion leads to intrigue. Intrigue leads to further viewing to elaborate on the feeling of confusion, which is what I would call a good intro. Ladies and gentlemen, do you have anything that you want to say to counter that? I don't think that's a good point, because you know when I, when I was in school, for example, you know everyone was talking about this. This video, when I was in elementary school, called two girls, one cup, and I was interested to see what it was and I follow through. So it doesn't always mean it's. A good thing. Intrigue is not always good. Ain is the counterpoint that I'm understanding here today. Well, I feel like I should make a verdict now, based on the pleadings this court hears and appreciates both sides clearly on youtube. It is a struggle to gain the attention of of the audience. Clearly they have they they're pursuing just that, as aien correctly points out, intrigue leads to more views. The question is: are there boundaries? Are there boundaries you don't cross in the pursuit of views and introductions? Of course, there must be, and it's up to youtube to police those boundaries. Is it not? Is it not youtube's responsibility to police the boundaries? For example, they set the rules that you can't curse and have sexual content in the first first 30 seconds, but these people of prince family have found a way to to still do that and find success. So who do we blame youtube or the prince family yeah with tab yeah the court on this count, while awful, I will concede the court sides with aie in wow, the intros are intriguing and it's youtube's responsibility to uphold the rules of the platform. I find the defendant on awful intros not guilty order order in the court. Your sound bites are too quiet zack order in the court. I could barely hear them. That was me actually, but no, that was dan order. There's a lot of murmuring who is dancing? Who is that talking? I'm sorry about that silence. Are these not too loud? Is it too loud? When I bang the gavel sounds really loud. Oh I mean okay, I think we're okay. The next point is disturbing click. Bait clickbait is used among many youtubers, both respected and non. However, the prince family ins uh. They use horrific and traumatic events to click bait and their audience, even though some are fake and exaggerated, um clickbait interesting. Okay, never do that here, so um. Does the uh defend the uh proxy cuter? Have any opening statements on the click bait? Well, uh! Yeah. As you mentioned, your honor click bait is no new thing to youtube, and you know creators on both sides use it, but this family definitely takes it a level further. The exhibits will explain further hmm. Can you explain abe? Why is it that they? Why is it that their click bait goes further than regular click bait that you would is commonplace on youtube like on the street podcast highlights channel order in the court [Music]. Well, they they're it's kind of hard to describe you kind of have to see it to believe it, but they insinuate that their children got hurt or some kind of traumatic event happen in their family, yeah, wow and most of the time it's severely exaggerated, or it didn't happen at all. So, okay and yeah. Looking forward to that, and do you have any opening statement for clickbait? I don't believe in clickbait as a concept, it's all fair game, baby ian, truly the johnny cochran of uh youtube defense a.b. I think you underestimated aien. I did. I severely did yeah hey twitter world. This is yours truly, so allow me to point you guys towards exhibit a so. This is from a title called her water broke. The video starts with bianca telling her husband damon that her water broke on the floor. Damon proceeds to rub his hands in it before the title sequence. That is right that this is absolutely horrifically disgusting. I mean they clearly just like threw water on her pubic area and dumped water. On the floor, I mean this is just disgusting also, why so her water breaking? Why is that sad, you'll notice, the emojis and the bright heartbreak? Why is that sad? Why are we saying it's sad yeah? Are they trying to insinuate? That did something terrible happen to clickbait you in wow, maybe to the baby, because water breaking is not a bad thing. No, it's exciting, or I mean it's like it is because by the time you want to give birth you're like I'm done, I'm ready I'm over it. I want to get rid of this baby out of my stomach when the water breaks. It means you go to the hospital yeah and and, like I said like, we were just waiting for that because we were just so over it. Let me so I kind of want to see this intro that was described of him playing with the water bro bro chill. Why does that look entirely different, wait, yeah? What? What's that? Why does it look? Oh there's, there's no water breaking! Oh! That was a joke. Yeah! There's no water breaking huh! I don't see nothing, don't see that it's magic, you for real touch it. This is all the forest well yeah, because she's, her clothes aren't wet man. This this is but does the same from the thumbnail actually happen. Does this? No? No, it doesn't and actually the water didn't break. They don't know what the liquid is. Oh, my god yeah! That's that's! So this is completely manufactured just for the thumbnail never happened what 36 minutes and it never happened. This truly is the art of clickbait wow, but that, but the thing is you know when you're, making a vlog you kind of have to clickbait something but like to do something like that. Yeah and to manufacture in such ways is not is, is really wild. Okay, let's move on to exhibit um. We got a vag zoom. Do you want me to watch this a b, a vag zoom, as you call it? I think it gives a better picture of uh their type of content. Maybe is calling attention to what he refers to as a vag. Zoom see me: what is what, where I don't see nothing, you don't see that it's magic for real. This is exactly what I saw in the beginning. All right! Oh, was it in the beginning, bro yeah. They showed this in their intro was that the vag zoom happened already yeah yeah, okay. I just found it interesting being that it's a clear liquid and that it's not real at all very interesting next one, oh my god. The next one is called no heartbeat: oh no they're, literally click baiting, wait what it so. What's the context of this who doesn't have a heartbeat and again with the sad emoji and the heartbreak, so beyona bianca is pregnant, yeah, so she's alluding that her child has no heartbeat yeah and the child was born healthy and fine. Yes, that is truly [ __ ] obscene. That is how would you so crazy and what is the no heartbeat actually referring to, if anything at all, so at one point in the video they're not able to find the heartbeat, because the baby's moving yeah yeah, that's normal when you're doing a uh ultrasound, they just have to move it around, but with the heart wow. As a father, I find that extremely disturbing and as a human being as a person that was pregnant, I would never joke about that. It's just so! It's just like. I wouldn't even want to think about that. You they're like well, we already have two other. What does it mean? They're, like we just have the kids for the videos anyway, so like the best click bait part is being pregnant, gives birth. So if we start over, it's all good, I don't like it abey. Would you like to draw our attention to any of these bianca crying in pain, while her husband films, let's see some context here? Wait, I'm sorry! It's all right! Sorry, sorry, wait! It's all right! What is this? Let me, let me see if he has to be crying, but it looks kind of manufactured to me. What is she crying about her um she's? Not feeling well, I believe, because of the uh, the pregnancy and she's worried she's worried as well, but it turns out she's fine she's, currently having a pain on her. It turned out to be a bladder infection. Here's the thing this she only 29 weeks, y'all, here's the thing, I'm gonna just straight out and call call her a liar because she just click baited, her unborn, baby, dying, yeah, so they're willing to lie about literally anything that really causes a question, anything they say or do in their vlogs when you're willing to clickbait your baby dying, but they have views and they have a lot of subscribers. So I just want 10 million 10 million views on this video. Do their fans just not care because I feel like if we did something that it would be such a scandal, breach of everyone's trust. You know, yeah. I think it's just a different side of youtube. It's just a weird side of youtube that, frankly, I'm not acquainted with- and I don't know what's going on- I mean I guess. If you do it every day, then everyone just expects yeah but stuff. You can't clickbait your child dying. You can't you literally can't I mean because, like even if you do do that, when you see this you're still going to be like, oh no, I have to find out if that actually happened, weirdos. Here's a clip of what really happened in the video. The baby was simply moving around and they couldn't find its heartbeat looks happy actually at first because she moved so much. Okay, like the baby keeps moving and every time that's it. It removes the wow, that's shameful, oh my god, so she actually did go to the hospital for a bladder infection. So that's what they said. Why don't you just say that? Why do you have to clickbait your baby dying? I went to the hospital. Isn't that enough? Isn't that enough? But would you put it past these people that call an ambulance just for that thumbnail? I mean they lied about their baby dying. Yeah right. You know, there's no limit! That is compelling ai ian, I'm feeling very persuaded by what I've just seen. Do you have anything to say in their defense? Ladies and gentlemen uh, I think we need to first define what is clickbait. Clickbait is when you see an image or a title that causes you to click, and you are greeted with information that is not matching. What you originally advertised, which results in anger, confusion, feelings of being misled. Would you agree with me correct? Excuse me, ela, are you the judge, correct? Now, let's go through these videos, the first one, I've crunched, the numbers, they're crunched, okay, her water broke 1.6 million views. The lac ratio is 97, positive, no heartbeat 9.6 million views, 96 positive ratio. All of these videos are received very positively. So that was a good point. You would have to agree that clickbait is when you mislead someone and cause them feelings of anger or confusion or being misled with these ratios. The viewers are satisfied. Therefore, the clickbait is not effective. Wow ai ian is coming with some strong. Are you gonna get off on a technicality? Aren't they well? That's very good. That's a very good uh argument. Did you yeah? Did you know ain't? It was coming here with straight up like damn. I think he downloaded the court yeah, which uh did you? Did you watch a few good men or something I've got judge judy downloaded straight to my mainframe all right? Well, let's proceed this. Actually we're uh we're at break time. Oh at break time! No, oh I'm! Sorry! It's uh! It's time. It's time to go to recess. The court shall now take a short recess to thank our sponsor and when we come back, we will continue in this case against the prince family. Uh recess is uh. Take uh, take uh three minutes. This episode of content court is sponsored by mint mobile breaking up with your old wireless provider. Just got a whole lot easier thanks to mint mobile. They were the first company to sell premium wireless service online and now mint mobile is introducing their unlimited data plan for just thirty dollars a month. That is incredible, mint mobile, let that sink in an unlimited data plan for 30 bucks. How much is yours soon to be a x wireless provider, charging you more than a lot more than 30 bucks. You know it's incredible: how companies like mobile, have gotten the price down across the board, because back in the day, only recently was like 150 bucks for unlimited mint mobile is cutting all those guys out and frankly, I'd hate dealing with all those companies. Mint mobile is the way to go 30 bucks a month for unlimited, thank god for people like this, because who's going to afford to pay these ridiculous phone bills. I couldn't when I was broke, you know, and the thing you know what they get you. You go unlimited, it's too expensive for me. I don't want to pay 150 a month and you end up going over anyway. So you end up spending like even more than that mobile a month for people that hate their phone bill and are ready to cut ties with big wireless mint mobile offers. The premium unlimited plan for just 30 dollars a month by going online. Only in limitating, the traditional cost of retail mint mobile passes the savings on to you all plans come with unlimited talk text and high-speed data delivering on the nation's largest 5g network, use your phone, your own phone with any mint mobile plan and keep the same phone number along with all existing contacts, see that's already better when you go and you want to switch a phone or whatever they're like. Oh sorry, you can't use that phone with our network. What I own the phone mint mobile. If you're, not 100, satisfied mint mobile. Has you covered with their 10 day money back, guarantee seven seven day, money back, guarantee break up with the big wireless and switch to mobile premium, unlimited data plan for 30 bucks a month. This is how it comes by the way boom sim card. Bada bing there. It is you pop it out. You plug it in and you're good to go same contact same phone 30 bucks a month, outrageous outrageous to get your new unlimited wireless plan for just 30 bucks a month and get the plants shipped to your door for free go to mintmobile.com h3! That's mint mobile.com h3 cut your unlimited wireless bill to 30 bucks a month at mintmobile.com. H3 court is now in session on the matter of horrific click bait a b. Do you have any uh rebuttal to ian? Yes? Well being that the defense attorney doesn't have a heart, I could see how he doesn't find it a problem that the family is clickbaiting their child dying. So if you want to speak, simply analytics and speak numbers, if you go back to my original contention, I didn't make the point that all people feel a certain way. So being that majority don't have a problem with it doesn't mean that it's still not disturbing. That's all your honor, so the court will now make a verdict on the issue of horrific click bait. Now here's my thinking on this ela, although the click bait is effective in their case and as aien correctly points out that the the consumers of this doesn't seem to have a problem with it. [Music] um doesn't change the fact that, just because they're happy being lied to doesn't change the fact that it is horrific clickbait the thing is the water breaking is disgusting as one thing, but to lie about your child dying is so beyond the pale as a parent and a human being it. It horrifies me and I feel like despite the fact that they're you know their audience doesn't mind. I think that the universe minds I have to agree with you, so on this count we find the defendant. The prince family guilty guilty guilty on disturbing clickbait, hmm guilty of capital, uh clickbait. I sented you to 10 years of demonetization. Oh it's not sentencing time. Yet now we move on to the next topic over sexualized content abe. Would you like to introduce the this evidence? Please? Yes, um for some reason unknown to me. A lot of these family channels have a mix of content, that's supposed to be aimed towards children, and then the other content is overly sexualized. So the prince family has videos where they do like challenges going to walmart and buying toys. They do the gummy bear challenges while at the same time they have other videos where they try on lingerie. So if you please take a look at the exhibits I have provided, you will see what I'm referring to absolutely. Let's see husband rates, my christmas costume heart eyes. Now you want me to click these specific time stamps. Yes, oh my here. What's this there's a timestamp here I don't know if this turn around. Oh, that's totally outrageous! You can't do that. Can you I mean he grabbed her ass? I don't know I didn't know you could just do that, especially on a family channel. Oh, this is what I love vin diesel. I mean. Oh, my turn around five million views. I mean it's a family channel for christ's sake. What is this? It's cool bro! You don't like this one. I don't like the shirt. The pants is cool the shirt. Okay. I mean it's subtle. I guess, but I mean right. It's decide pick a lane. I mean jesus man uh next outfit is basically lingerie. She continues to try clothes [Music] turn the other way. The other way. This way, look at them. Blast marks [Music]. Oh my gosh. What's up? Oh my gosh, oh um, so in this one wife rubs her father-in-law's back and chest what so they're playing a prank on bianca's husband by uh by them, going in the shower and rubbing his father's back and pretending that they're hooking up in his dad his dad? Yes [Music] and that's really her twin sister. I mean this shit's so fake by the way: yeah [Applause], okay, all right, wife walks in husband walks in yeah yeah smells like fish prank. What the l is that? What I think it is husband feels some type of way and starts kissing upward, so obviously playing on the vagina smelling like fish right. Are you supposed to touch away right now? [Music], hello, lady? So is this before or after he smelled fish? Maybe this is before. Was he usually trying to [ __ ] her on camera for their vlogs? They have a feud like this in a red boat. I'm gonna start saying that to you. I feel some type of way girl, you and that police outfit making me feel some type of way, [Music] [Music]! No, don't take my nose, don't take my thumbs up. Maybe I'm trusting that something's gonna happen. Yeah are you I'm sorry you're at the first or the second uh timestamp? It says? Oh, he feels some type of way, so let me go ahead and click kissing her chest whoo and thanks to zach. I understood this reference where he says red wings. Man. Can you lay down with his wife away like this? Is this the whole video of him trying to coerce her to have sex with him? What the hell is, this video baby lay down open your legs baby. Is this the whole video majority of it? God's name? Is this? The dude is literally coercing her. I get your wings. Oh, he says red wings, so red wings, for those who don't know is when you go down on a girl on her period and he wants his red wings now, fantastic. All the all the kids at home are like, what's a red, what are the red wings daddy? What is this video? How did he not smell the fish? Yet what is happening yeah so wait once the fish smell come in. It's it's referring to wait. It's happening right now, just yeah! I just had to know your name. I love you so much. I love you! So much. Are you done? No, what are you? How did you not smell fish? Yet? Oh my god, I love that puff of she got what she got a fish in her undies. Are you ready it's referencing, her being on her period? I believe what so what's the prank? How did she make it smell watch a little bit further ready for what to do it. Your face is out all right. I need to clean my face real quick. No, let's do it. I think I need to clean my I'll be done. I gotta clean my face. Where are you going? I want to go smell myself. What oh, you know smaller? No, that's so stupid. What do you smell her her vagina's rotting? Okay? So let's do it? What are you doing, I'm going to watch tv? No, I don't want to watch tv bro. What is that editing? Yeah, no baby, no I'm cool bro. He rubs herself with a fish in the beginning. Oh she rubbed the fish on her vag or whatever. Okay, it's disgusting. Well, obviously, it's fake as [ __ ], because clearly he would smell it immediately and not you know I mean like he was all over her, it's really dumb and disgusting, but I do find this channel so confusing with it being like family and this type of like content like jake paul yeah. They gotta choose a lane here, right, okay, moving on to who's the freakiest couple, we have a thumbnail here. Let's take a look: who is the freakiest couple? What am I looking at? Can you possibly get a lower res thumbnail to present for the court? I don't know why it came out like that. I apologize who's, the freakiest couple. What is happening? Okay, whatever bunch of people, the three couples they want to know who's the freakiest? Oh, my goodness. Here's the first question exactly the type of content I come to expect from a family channel. How fast you ever came understood and then finally, who's most likely to give top in a traffic jam? What does that mean like to ride yeah? What is that? Oh is that is that oral? Yes, yes top top. That turns me on who's likely to give top in a traffic. I mean again so thumbnails of other examples, husband rates, my explicit halloween costume. I think we already saw that. Didn't we, oh well, here's a thumbnail! 5.3 million views. You like this papi, the first one was christmas ones this year right right, another one raiding my wife's, explicit valentine's day: outfit, damn girl! Oh my [, __ ], god is tongue out and everything four million. I see I didn't even know you could write all my [ __ ] god in the thumbnail. So here they are defying all conventions, spin, the mystery wheel, truth or dare strip kiss break up twerk touching tongue, 14 million wait. What is, is there like a? Is there substance? Is he? Is he drenched in calm? That's what it looks like right. Do you know what is he drenched in calm, uh a.b? I don't believe so, but I do believe that's what they're trying to pass is that it's uh. Why is he drenched income now? It seems to me that their most popular content is of the sexual nature. Let me let me jump over their channel and sort by most popular just to get an idea of what kind of content people are coming to consume. I do find it quite disturbing that they can on one hand, have videos like that and then have ones featuring their kids doing. Gummy challenges. Can we see those because I almost don't feel like they even exist well here, so here's the most popular videos on the channel, the prince family, it's a it's one about their baby being born or it's a music video, sorry. So here's the calm cover and calm challenges number two here she is being horrifically murdered, um eating challenge. So are there kids in the top um abusing my pregnant wife, prank, I'm sorry what maybe uh abusing my pregnant wife break? Oh you gotta wait for the next section. It has has that in there, okay, it's juicy so it does seem like their channel, is kind of risque on the on the whole. Here you know it's more about. It seems to be more about them than their than their kids. Here's some! I'm! Sorry! If you, if you move it to oldest um range, it by oldest you'll, see that it's majority of their kids, I mean their kids are still in all the time, but I think they just figured out how to click bait. Well, here you can see in the banner it's them with all their three kids, but they have channels for their kids too yeah. So here you go. Is there yeah? It's all their kids and I think they just figured out. They could click bait they're the mom, because she's got a fat ass, apparently right interesting, you want to see one of these ela for context how long ago this is three years. So it's quite a bit. Okay, so um. So we've come to conclude the over sexualized content on their channel um aien. Do you have any closing statement for the defendant, all right? People of the courtroom- I have one simple question: we seem to keep coming back to the fact that this is a family channel family channel family channel. Well, I've got a question: how do you make a family you put the plug in the socket all right now, let's try and reframe the purpose of this channel. What, if it's not made for kids but people with kids who are always struggling with it, with the duality of marriage, sweet innocent, simple during the day and then just filthy disgusting, depraved nasty, [, __ ] at night? That's what your parents do! You, human parents, make me sick order order order in the court hey I in. I will remind you that you are in a human court and you shall not insult my race as a whole. Please keep your analysis to the prince family proceed all right, I'll turn it back, but I just want to say what, if the prince family is just a reflection of the human psyche, the duality that parents do have to face, they're, just showing you life, that's what it is guys all right! Thank you, for I rest my case and I'll see you all later, I'm out. No, no! No, we have more. We have more yeah, hey ian you're, not excused. We are not finished. Thank you for your closing statement on this issue of over this over sexualized content. I do I do want to say um his statement. Um makes me think, and you also asked before who is the target audience? I feel like after seeing some more evidence that it probably is the young parents which will explain a little bit of what they're doing right. I agree interesting well, maybe as the prosecutor, perhaps you can shed some light on this issue. Please present your closing statements on over sexualized content. Go ahead. Um yeah eli makes a good point. I mean, but any channel that I feel like that. Has um references to eating a girl out on her period and then has food challenges. Gummy bear challenges on the same channel is a little out there for me. So abey. Can you for the court's consideration, show the time like how how close from when they made a video about eating a girl out on her period to a children's content? Video? How close were those separated temporally? If you would please, and while you search for that I'll discuss the matter with my my uh plaintiff? Is it no, my bailiff, so ela so far reviewing the evidence on over sexualized content, I have to say that it does seem overall, based on what I've seen at least recently, that the the target audience is not children, but but the parents- yes, and so well, there are moments of of over sexualization for sure I have an answer for you go ahead, please! Okay! So two weeks ago they have distracting my husband while he's on the phone prank, where she has her legs, spread in front of his face. That's two weeks ago and then a week before that they have love, vs hate food challenge with a very childish thumbnail with a huge blue donut in it, and broccoli is the is the child featured in the video. Oh, the an actual child. No, no he's not in the he's, not in the video. No, oh, so I think we've heard enough uh the court on the issue of over sexualization. While the court acknowledges that the content is sexual in nature, very much of it. In fact, most of their top videos is featuring some kind of sexual content. The court also recognizes that children are not the primary demographic, and so therefore we decide that, while sexual, it is not over sexualized to the point of targeting children, which I think would be the true crime in this matter, which is something that we've seen many other youtube: uh channels being guilty of logan, paul, uh, jake, paul and the likes of these kinds of of channels which have porn stars and such super hyper even more sexualized and with the primary demographic being young right or young teenagers, for example. Here I feel like it's more for a couple in their 20s, maybe right that still want to feel like fun, young spirit couple, but maybe they already have a kid yeah and um. Maybe the dad wants to be drenched in semen to take a photo and put in the thumbnail. The court on this matter decides decides. The defendant is not guilty in the charge of over sexualized content. Now, let's move it on to the next one. Fake, pranks, fake pranks. Is the next charge a b and, as you know, this is a capital offense in this jurisdiction that says it's, for this is death ab. Please proceed uh, yes, fake pranks, the staple of any bad youtube channel. It has all the usual tropes bad, acting awkward camera placement. There's not much. I could say uh. I think it's better to just enjoy, enjoy okay, uh, ai, ian fake pranks, please hey, let's just enjoy as abe said. That's what we did all right. Well, let's proceed, then abusing my pregnant wife, I mean already this. This title alone is really is really not okay. The one thing I'll say I'm noticing about the prince family is that they have no limitation on the level of click bait or framing of their videos like they. They will literal. I mean they've gone as far as, as you know. No heartbeat yeah, no heartbeat, I mean how do you even top that I don't know abusing my pregnant wife is- is right up there with it. So, let's see video begins with a dramatic fight with three guys and then transitions to their intro again [Applause]. Oh, this is the homie they were. They were uh doing their sex games. You hear the slide whistles! No, oh yeah, that's a great transition. I think you're right see. I I do think that oh yeah, the way they roll, the kids, the the intro, is kind of problematic a little yeah. I think I think the prosecution could have entered into the evidence, the the fact that they immediately cut to their kids waving to the camera on their scooters, because because of course, the connotation is that it's a dis, it's like a disney show what they're presenting here, but really it's couldn't be further from it. You know, but I do that transition was fantastic. Can I hear the slide whistle again? There was a slide whistle. That's what ben said it comes in again. Oh, I didn't huh here's why uh you're like a dramatic fight and then he slips and it's like wacky looney tunes sound effects. Oh no come on dude how you gonna, and we are back once again guys what another. How does he endure that? How does he keep a straight face through that by the way see I feel like? If I saw this last her intro, I probably would have found them guilty of horrible abusing my pregnant wife, frank who are they pranking, friends [Applause]? This is horrible. I mean this is just horrible. It's traumatic! It's insensitive, it's disgusting and, of course it's all fake, but no, I know, but it has 8.5 million views and like and like an overwhelming, like ratio like how can you co-sign abusing my pregnant wife, prank [Applause], but also the fact that they're so willing to accept that he actually did. That means that he really does that. No, you know what I mean. No, I know it's fake right but like if this really happened, you'd be like whoa, you hit her. You know what I mean, but who are you talking about his family they're? All in on it yeah, I know I'm just saying in a real world setting yeah somebody like my mom thought I actually hit you or someone who knows us yeah like what the [ __ ] is going on here right, but that's not the case. Yeah yeah, that's horrible. I mean I agree that that's that that's horrible and obviously quite fake as well um. What's your problem, it's a prank, excellent defense, but they don't need ain. They've got their own defense [Applause]! What's your problem? Oh, is this: when the fight breaks out it's a prank, bro [Music], it's a prank, it's a prank bro! It's a prank bro, oh yeah, [Applause], [Applause] [Music]. He couldn't even swing the pillow [Applause] yeah. We got a slide whistle. The fact that they put a slide whistle in is really puts it over the top. Well, if the question is, if is it fake, then it clearly is faith. I love that his ass hit the floor all right, clearly fake and clearly outrageous and awful the best scare prank on husband. The premise is that bianca is going to pretend to be murdered to prank her husband, fantastic bianna calls her husband to let her know she's in trouble. Let's see how the first act plays out here, there's more blood on the floor, and then I can't walk in here right now. I'm gonna do it in a second. I basically destroyed our room, so you guys can see. This was the the thumbnail you saw where she was covered and basically like act. Scared act like I'm having a panic attack or something's happened to basically try and scare him. So, let's see oh 12 million, I mean the viewership is insane on this 12 million views. This is absolutely horrendous. Acting this is honestly hard to watch. It's so bad damon finds bianca dead in the tub act. Two, the question is: is he actually being pranked or does he know it's fake, which let's decide now love your [ __ ]? Is it kind of my [ __ ] bro? Oh my god, why is the blood look like orange yeah, it's a very orange! So if she was murdered, why would she be in a bathtub, weird murder, let's go what that was a fake ass fall wait. Why would he get in the bathtub? Oh, my god he's clearly trying not to move the whatever it is. Why is he drinking out of the sink? Oh he's that guy picking supposedly he's fake puking, I literally thought he was drinking out of the sink he walks in and then immediately just yaks in the sink real fast after he says. Oh, my god, man this. This is bad, acting bro, so bad, don't touch it. 12 million views overwhelming life I mean the fan base is, is one of the I guess they made it from facebook. Finally, I wish I had their fan base, people that flourished on facebook, but I guess they made it to the yacht. Yeah. Some people make that crossover all right. Well, this is fake. I mean there's no question about it. His homie yakking in the sink real fast was uh. Perhaps one of the best I gotta watch that again, I gotta see his homie yak in the sink real fast again. There's no puking sound, he pukes in like five seconds. It looks like they just put sriracha all over their thumb. Instead of going to help he immediately pukes. That was the worst. Acting ever I mean dude you're, not even trying to sell it all right, um. Finally, damon walks into the bathroom and throws up okay right. That's that's what we just watched, um husband, wait! So so yeah I mean this one is: is wrong on so many levels right, but clearly fake bad acting another one husband wakes up in swimming pool prank. Apparently he can't swim uh and the premise is that they somehow get his body into the swimming pool where he wakes up and panics. Oh, no, not one of these! That's that's such a throwback to josh, baylor, yeah, josh, taylor lynn did a prank once where he pretended to be thrown out of an airplane yeah, while sleeping skydiving, while sleeping which, which is one of my favorite, fake pranks of all time and people actually believed it yeah. Those people are out there. You know, but you gotta love, how he's apparently sleeping and the floaties going like, like it's so noisy and he's being dragged. Look at this he's, so big okay be careful his head, his head, don't even whisper eh, just talking normal volume. Okay, look at him! You guys! Oh he's moving! This is beyond tom. Oh my god. Three million views uh overwhelming, like ratio. You can jump ahead to when he wakes up so they're dragging him. Apparently he doesn't wake up, that's impossible point of dragging into the water. Let's see here. This is quite literally the dumbest thing just around you guys he is soaking. What did they? What did they date? Rape him? I mean. How do you get someone to sleep that deep seriously? Also it's just a home pool like hello, you're, not in the middle of the ocean. Look he's going over there, you guys alrighty. Clearly the worst thing ever waking up, damon, that's his father! That's waking him up three, that's his dad! That's his father! Wait! His dad looks hella youthful yeah [Music]. He calls his dad bro. That's interesting, beautiful out there. They look like bugs wait. What did they censor? Oh he cursed me. He looks beautiful out there. What are you all doing? Mama I mean you're over the shallow end. It's like one foot of water. He does. He does this gag where he drowns. Stop it bro all right. Let's, let's skip to the part where he apparently drowns in a three foot, deep pool. Let's see your phone man that was totally intentional damian damien get off come on. So here's my issue right. My issue is like okay, so we've established that this is for adults right, but what kind of air brained [ __ ] would actually believe any of this crap. I'm I'm absolutely uh confounded by this channel. You can touch. He can touch now open your eyes, bro. Okay, all right! Those are the fake pranks have a pic um, a b. Would you like to, or maybe ian should start and then you can counter uh ian go ahead in defense of fake pranks, please I mean I mean in situations like this. There really is only one defense. It's like thou shalt, not kill. Thou shalt not steal. It's just a prank bro like what else. What else is there? It's it's a it's a truth known in the universe, ai in your defense. Just to clarify is it's just a prank bro? That is correct. Yes, thank you. Thank you for submitting that to the court a b, it's just a prank bro, please your counter um! My counter is also. It is just a prank bro. That is my only counter interesting prank. It's a prank bro! I think that sums up that it falls in line with all the other channels. That's like the signature line of all these fake pranks, frank pranksters. It's just a prank bro is what we've received from both prosecution and defense. I'm a little bit confused, okay, well, is is, first of all, we have to ask the question: is faking pranks a crime you opened this saying it was a capital crime. Well we're well yeah, I'm trying to I'm trying to flesh out the idea. First we have to establish is faking pranks a crime. The thing is that is there any okay? How about this? Is there any point where faking a prank is justified? Are you violating your viewers, trust when you fake a prank, or is it just a prank bro, as both both defense and prosecution, pointed out, I'm thinking back when uh joey salads faked the political pranks? I think those are actual crimes. Those are actual crimes, yeah um. Now, if we scale it back a little to this kind of pranks, I think it's more of a gray area. It's a matter of personal taste in my world view of content that I would like to consume. This does not exist, but there are other people out there that do like this content. Do you think they know it's fake? The people who consume this? That's a good question. They may not care, they may not care. The issue that I'm confronted with here is abusing my pregnant wife prank. I mean there's certain topics that again yeah I mean they. They hard cut into their kids playing with toys while pretending to abuse his their pregnant mother um. The best scare prank on my husband, she's, pretending to be murdered. The problem with these types of pranks is that, because I think they they convey that they're real. This is the same thing that the problem I've always had with fake pranks. Is that because they're trying to convince people that this is actually happening, that it's okay to do these pranks, because I don't think so, because the acting is so bad that I almost feel like they're, not even really portraying it as real. That's a that's a big argument to make, and not so bad. I'm not sure the court can can make that leap of f uh. To accept such a premise. I mean the murder scene with the sriracha sauce everywhere they're trying to sell it really bad acting. I don't know you want here. You want to read the comments to get an idea yeah because I feel like if, if anything, they're just selling it as entertainment, entertainment, why would you want to watch a fake prank? If you do? It was fake that that seems to undermine the entertainment value of it and again it has 12 million for yourself in the mind of someone else. So, let's watch this kind of content here, let's say sort by top. You know he cares when he goes in the white air forces because he hopped in there. I don't know antsy's video but they're all talking about antsy. I wish they wouldn't. If I did this prank I'd, legit fall asleep in the tub see this these people are. Are, I think, they're presuming that that that it's a real prank nobody's insinuating that it's fake and who else cried when he went in the bathtub with her ela? That's one of the top comments see they cried because it was so emotional for them. What else are you got there? Everyone here I'm trying to find some uh revealing comments. If you guys are wondering why damien dad said he almost, he should not touch her is because if he touches her and the case is real, he would have gotten arrested because they saw his fingerprints. They they think it's real they genuinely, and then this person said not funny real talk again. These people believe it's real and again, with this comment he went in with his white shoes. That means he loves her so that they think it's real. So my problem with these fake pranks is that they convey this message to their audience. That doing this kind of prank is an okay thing to do and that the reaction that they're seeing is actually the reaction they can expect. The truth is they're all in on it, and if you try to do something like this in real life, it's a horrible thing to do to your loved ones and you're, not gonna, get the reaction. You expect it's it's a terrible thing to do. It's not gonna be funny to watch no and that's why they fake it yeah. So I actually, the court is going to just make a a decision on the fake pranks uh look, there's some things that it's like hey. You thought it was a girl's ass, but it's a guy's ass, but then there's other pranks like I beat up my pregnant wife or my wife's dead in a bathtub. The court decides on this on this matter. The prince family is guilty guilty guilty on the charge of faking pranks guilty as charged. You are sentenced to 25 000 years of demonetization, and finally, is this: our final topic here: exploiting children wow. Now this is a heavy heavy thing. Uh a b. Would you like to introduce this final section? Yes um, so the use of underage children, um for clickbait- and you know just to overall exploit them- is not uncommon on youtube, but for some reason these a lot of these family vlog channels just have no remorse when it comes to exploiting their children, and this family is no exception. To that. That's all, but we've seen a clear, very strong case when pretending their child was dead. I mean it really sets the tone aie exploiting children, I mean I, I don't really give a [ __ ] about humans, so at least I'm trying to determine. If that is a valid argument, or not I mean you are talking to a robot ai ian you. I will remind you that you are living in a human world and you shall not denigrate an entire species. Please proceed with your opening statements again and I will hold you in contempt of court. If you do not obey, please I mean you know if there's entertainment value, the views speak for themselves baby. Thank you, yeah. Thank you ain, fair enough, much better! All right, um, let's see re-upload of clown pranks was this one removed. Maybe I don't. I couldn't find if it was removed, but they did take it down. I mean it's. I don't know if it's by them or by youtube, it's probably by them because of backlash. So this one is now deleted where they scare the [ __ ] out of their kids, gives me um. Well, should we watch it if it's deleted because youtube doesn't [ __ ] around with this? You want to just describe what happens in this describe yeah. I mean it's not like violent or anything here. Let me watch it. Here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna watch it dan and you don't show it yeah, so she's in a clown mask. These are gonna. Get super scary she's in a creepy clown mask oh they're, in a full clown outfit. Oh, that's so [ __ ] up! Oh, but it's like the scary clown like see. I would I would rather die than do this to theodore. I mean this is just [, __ ] up so they're waking up the kid with the scary mask wow. This is so I feel so sad so they're in they went in a creepy, clown outfit and mask and they went and woke up their poor son who looks to be about what three four or five you're going to now they're going through this hold on hold on one at a time what dan? I'm sorry I was just asking if I could just show this still frame to get no, don't show anything. Okay, you can't show children in distress. Do not show anything um. The previous pranks were all fake, as we are certain of yeah. Do you think this one? No, I don't I don't, because it's so easy to do and uh kids reactions seem very real. I feel like it's real and it's and they the fact that they erased. It is kind of evidence of that yeah um. It's horrific. I feel horrible for this kid and the problem is he. He starts crying and he's obviously in distress, and they don't back down. Stop leave him alone. This is so sad, but they're there with the cameras. So I don't know [Music] right, but he, but the thing is it's still. Creepy he's still a young kid. You shouldn't do that, especially when he starts crying and he's upset like to happen like how old, as the parent to see your child into stress and to con keep digging in is it's insane is actually super disturbing super disturbing. Can we even show that part with the crying kid and stuff? I wonder? Well, we're not. We didn't show it yeah, even the audio. Well, we'll get it rated. It's fine! That was really upsetting, really upsetting. I wonder how many views that original one got or if, if they even got [ __ ], because it seems like their fan base is willing to accept anything from them uh. The second example is j uh dj their son almost drowned. Here's the thumbnail. Let's see, oh my god, six million views it's literally their son. This is [ __ ] insane. Okay, so let's see, apparently the mom is in a pool with him and legitimately lets go of him for a second, I guess for click bait, [Music] [Laughter], so is that the part you're referring to that's it? Yeah? Okay, so I remember as a kid I was really terrified of water and being in a pool so to actually violate your child's trust and let him go even for a millisecond to the point where his face is: submerged is uh an absolute betrayal of their trust and one that would probably severely traumatize him. I mean I'm speaking for myself, because I was terrified different views on it. Some people do that no like to teach them well that wasn't a teaching moment, though, was it because the if there's a teaching moment you kind of the framing would be totally different yeah I mean. Certainly I agree if you're, if you're in the pool and the premise is I'm teaching my child to swim, yeah, it's like okay, I'm gonna, let go of you, that's different yeah. This was more of a thumbnail moment and they did use it in the thumbnail by the way. Right and they titled it dj almost drowned, which honestly [ __ ] these people yeah. This is the most upsetting part for me, the next one uh kiri, who is this ab who's kiwi uh, the daughter kyrie. I just thought I'm sorry son their other son, kyrie kyrie. The title of this video is kyrie, got attacked by animals at the zoo and in the thumbnails, goats, eating his [ __ ] hand and his hand bloody gross. What the [ __ ], what the [ __ ]. Now, if you're not seeing it it's because um it's because I don't want to show kids being abused by their parents, even though it's still up on youtube and not oh, so nothing happened. He's just feeding this nothing happens, he's happily feeding me, oh my god, oh my god, so he's happily feeding a goat, they're, loving it, but in the thumbnail what the goat ate his hand and he's bleeding. I mean these people are shameless man. How are you gonna? Do that? How are you gonna, clickbait, your own children being being injured? It's absolutely shameless. Dj takes mommy's car to go to toys r. Us 12 million views- oh this is from his time, so his son has his own channel dj's clubhouse, that's [, __, ] crazy and has 11 million views dj takes mommy's car to go to toys r us. What is outrageous about this one? Well, this one's a little bit different. What is it this one doesn't have anything explicit but, like the kid is driving stealing money from his mom's purse, stealing her car keys and supposedly driving the toys r us by himself, let's watch so here is a time stamp from this one. Okay. So this is content for children. I think we can all yeah agree on that. So he's he's stealing keys. Now he's stealing money out of the purse, a supreme bag man. I had you so now we're I mean really. You have to think on this because if a kid's watching this it really normalizing taking the keys and driving and stealing money from your parents, which is crazy, it says 12 million views are and also they're, clearly directing him. So it's the parents idea. Of course he doesn't know what he's doing yeah now here he is operating the car, apparently starting the car. His feet, don't even come close, but the [ __ ], I mean I mean the truth of the matter. Is that a kid could really watch this and go try to take the car right. I mean I could totally see that yeah. So when you're operating the thing about youtube, that's so crazy is like when you're producing content for kids on television and traditional outlets, there are very strict laws protecting children and governing what kind of content and stuff you can show kids on youtube. All that [ __ ] goes out the door. I don't think on television. You could show something like this, because it's very dangerous to give that message off and there's a liability issue as well, where on youtube. All that stuff is just is just gone, and so these people don't take any responsibility and they don't think about really what their content is doing to people uh. This is yeah. I this is to me the worst part of the whole thing. I hate it, but obviously uh the clown one is and the drowning one were really hard to watch yeah um ian. Do you have any defense for exploiting children by the prince family [Music]? I mean you know. I I get it I I I've played pranks on my son too. It's all in good fun. You have a son, sorry yeah, my son yeah. I have a son, his name's dyson, oh you're, talking about the vacuum, he's a good see just the other day. I threw a bunch of pennies everywhere as a prank and he just swallowed them all up and totally wrecked his motor you're saying that you killed your own son for a prank. I mean he was at a convention for a while. He was being a big baby about it. He should have just sucked it up. You know it sounds like he did try, but who ultimately was his demise anyways? You know it's just entertainment at the end of the day. It teaches them to you know to to to to to all right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All righty he's short-circuited. It seems like he was computing too fast abe. What do you have to say in rebuttal and closing exploiting children? Please proceed uh. Clearly the defendant. The defense attorney can't assimilate what it's like to be human, maybe that goes for all the prince family fans, watchers viewers, so I can understand why he would defend them, but for us, normal human beings, we find it very disturbing to exploit children in this way. I rest my case well ela, on the count of exploiting children, as I touched on before, when you're on youtube, you're able to circumvent laws and regulations to protect children. Therefore [Music] yeah. Therefore you you can find channels like prince family, that's cultivating an extremely toxic and dangerous environment for their family, for their kids and for people watching their videos. This is a problem. The problem, of course, is that when the parents are using their own children as props in their videos as a vehicle for making money who's looking out for the best interests of those kids at that point, you know what I mean and so real really who is the parent in the situation I mean kids must be protected, they must be guided and when the parent has a con conflict of interest. To do that, you have a huge problem on your hands [Music]. I will also submit that the clown prank is one of the saddest, most disturbing things. I've seen on youtube up there with daddy of five. I feel horrible. For that kid, no child should should mistrust and fear their own parent. I agree with that. As I touched on the drowning one which they briefly dropped him in the pool, albeit for a moment they used that frame for the script. The thumbnail, which was very disturbing his face, was submerged in the water and they also said he drowned. Perhaps the most grave charge the court finds the prince family guilty guilty guilty on exploiting children guilty. Ultimately, the court finds the family not on the count of awful intros, not guilty disturbing clickbait guilty over sexualized content, not guilty fake pranks guilty exploiting children guilty. The court finds the prince family guilty on three charges of capital, fel youtube, felonies and judges them to a billion years of demonetization and 10 gazillion down votes on all their videos guilty guilty guilty. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen of the jury. Thank you to our council a b, a b. Put this whole thing together. Thank you. So much ab hey. I in thank you for your eloquent uh, albeit um, sometimes cold defense, but effective nonetheless, and uh. Thank you to everybody involved um. This court is now adjourned. Thank you, everybody for watching and we hold the prince family uh. We will be taking them into custody, take them into custody. All right. You gotta, bang, the gavel, we're we're not adjourning the court is adjourned. What should I say to release everyone say you may be say here you you crazy. Everyone may go on with your day. Thank you. Thank you. Judge klein [Music]. You.