-, hello, everybody and welcome to the H Lee Park as experience I'm, not that wasn't shtick I, just finished drinking coffee and I apologize to everybody who had to hear that at the top of the show of all places. This is, as you know, the number one place for news, viral hits and weekly gas. If you want to know what's going on in the world, if you want to have a couple of laps while you're at it also viral hits, this is the number one place to come and enjoy those three things right: ela, yes! Well, you weren't I, think it's number four gas for weekly gaffes. Who else is doing weekly gaps? Nobody, you know, there's! That's it guys! Keep it up on the iTunes chart smash that review button because look, it's kind of embarrassing. We I know most of our views are on YouTube and they're. Very good, I'm, very proud and happy with the but I mean we're we're slacking on the iTunes charts and it's kind of embarrassing, because if I'm foolish Maximus, if I'm, Lord, foolish, Maximus and I'm, not even in the top 100 chart and I know, nobody even listens on audio, maybe some people, it's a very visual podcast, it's more of a show really, because we watch stuff and I'm not very good at catering to audio well. Traditionally, a podcast is just audio. It's it's something that you listen, so really I mean I. Guess it's not really! Is it yeah I mean you know, let's look up the definition. What is contradictory of focus on the wall? Podcast audio? Why? Well here? Let me learn. Yes, oh here's, the definition, a digital audio file made available on the internet for downloading to a computer or mobile device. So what we do have a digital audio file if you are listening, but it but you're really listening to and the audio of a video. This is a video you know like when you're making a podcast you're, not you're, not talking about yeah I I depend a lot on Vuitton visual elements when I'm watching I'm, not very I'm, not very good at catering to all you listeners, but Navi I really think this through did way. When we started this podcast. No, it's really a show, but people know what a podcast is. If you go to a sponsor and you're like we've, got a new show yeah exactly a show. Oh it's on television. No, it's on the Internet! Is it a podcast and we'll think about it? Yeah clicking this call back later. We only you know what a pod show a pod show. You know we had a lot of trouble getting sponsors on this show, because a lot of these agencies that do advertising on podcasts, they only count downloads streams, audio streams, I'm like why it's so crazy, because I just had a conversation with one of our friends, oh really, who podcast and their sponsors only kind of downloads. It's [ __ ] insane. They also do a lot of views on YouTube. It's like okay, I can do a read on YouTube. It has a visual element. You can see the link and you can click the link. It's in the description and I can show you things. It's way better look who's gonna go from lit when you're listening to a podcast you're on you're I mean you're driving who the [ __ ] is gonna. What am I gonna pull over. Oh, let me go over to stamps.com. Let me pull over. No, we don't count views, so we didn't work with any of those agencies. Somebody recently came to me. They wanted me to promote a new Netflix, special and they're. Asking me the rate and I said well, here's the rate, and he says okay. Well, we don't count YouTube views. Only downloads I was like well [. __ ] call someone else. You called it. You called you know we are 90 percent of our views are if anyone is crazy, someone else and also you may want to change your rules, but because this is actually 2019 I can't believe it. It's so strange, I guess it's just like it's a bunch of old people. Mm-Hmm and they know one thing- they know downloads and they understand how to measure it, and once you talk to them about something else, that's oh! It's overwhelming it's too much like well. Actually, you can see me on YouTube as well as hear me and there's a clickable link, yeah! No, but don't only download sorry, you guys, okay, well, a lot of podcasters cut out the ads. They don't even put them on YouTube, because it's like what's the point mm-hmm, which is like it's such a disservice to the sponsor anyway, that's that no I'm so worked up. Thank you to the sponsors that actually know what the [ __ ] going on here. Kaptara and door. - you'll be getting some visual aids and lots of song and dances and even a clickable link in the description. You know it's crazy technology, yeah click, a [, __ ] link, all right, I'm all worked up. You know it's way too early in the show to be getting. This worked up. I know, I'm, still a pain. Oh well. I've got a bone to pick with you, yeah, okay, there's a pic Theodore, our child. Two month old almost has a shirt. This has team, a mommy. Okay, I didn't buy that shirt. We got it as a gift. Well, regardless I'm like what is this propaganda team mommy, you know, I know this is [ __ ], I'm, holding it and holding him I'm taking care of him I feed him. Oh and I got a look at this team. Mommy t-shirt, Yeah right, you be sure, I fully put that on them. Every time team mommy where's the team, daddy shirt, they don't make team daddy shirts, look ice mommy's! Yes, we're pregnant, yes and delivered the boy mm-hmm. So we get. We have credit for like for life. You know it's propaganda, mommy, Steve, mommy for life. That's true! Yeah! Nobody likes dads. He likes you! Nobody like this morning. He smiled at you, I didn't get a smile. Winning smile was very cute. You just walked into his vision and smiled. That's true. He did I was a beautiful thing, he's just starting to learn how to smile. So he's he's he's gonna smile a couple times a day. He's testing it out. So the baby's smile is so pure. It's like and they smile so bright and so beautifully breath. It's incredible. The baby smile, it's something else at first, it was smiling from his sleep like he kind of when he would fall asleep. It would kind of smile and I noticed the first times. I saw him smile, even though I knew you were sleeping and not even looking at me. I immediately smiled back, it's like I couldn't even control it, because it's just it's so it's a beautiful thing, yeah and all smile is that it's the first time you see well. First of all, your child smiling at you is just so endearing, but and but it's the first time you see your child as like a human being in a sense because for the first two months they are just it's tough man, you survival. It's just survival, there's not really bonding there. If you're, just taking care of a crying [, __ ] pissing eating machine they at first. Also, you really don't know him, so you can tell what he needs or what he's crying about I feel like now, we kinda can tell the difference between is different, crying cry because it's tired or because it's hungry yeah and it takes time to know it. That's another thing that people don't that's hard to expect or to explain is that when your baby is born, you guys are strangers yeah. If there's not like I, don't know, I feel like that. This is a bit of a myth. You have this immediate bond with your child. No, because the baby comes out and you guys are strangers, you don't know each other. You just met all so you're, like just your after labor you're after nine months of pregnancy, you're going through so much and you're like you need to recover yourself, you'll, barely yourself even mmm, tired, you need to heal, and then you have to take care of this creature too. So it's a lot of things together. It's not really like a perfect bonding time, no, not at all yeah. It takes a while before you can start feeling, like you, know your child or that you that even is your child for you know, and so it's like you, it's it's surreal to even be like. Oh, this is my son yeah, because it just feels like you're taking care of a baby. It's I still don't really feel like it's just still surreal. It's so new to me I'm, starting to think this is my son. Now you know, but it comes and goes it's like yeah yeah, but when he smiles at me, you see that human side of him starting to develop the personality that there's a spark of life. You know, inside of him brewing a personality is growing yeah and he starts to see you and and acknowledge you as a human being. He he knows you're there and he's smiling at you. So it's like what does it mean to the smile like? What does he? What does him like? Does he find you funny like what's funny to him? You know he's happy. I know it just makes me think like what was going on inside his head. I think what happens is well for the firt. Last, like month, he's been like you said when he falls asleep. He starts smiling and asleep. You know when you they say when you're sleep is when your two most learning and memorizing, so he recognized he sees us smiling and laughing, and so, for whatever reason that's one of the first thing baby's learned to do is smile and laugh, and so every time he goes to sleep, his little mind is working on figuring out how to do that and first couple of times he does it it's cute, but there's actually just going to the motion yeah, but now he's actually expressing joy. Yeah, that's been a beautiful thing, but it's it's yeah. It's been so wild man. Just sleepy it's weird. It's all weird! It's still all a blur yeah totally. No, it's all a blur, because I mean just two months ago we didn't have a [, __, ] baby and now got a baby that moment and the hospital seems like years ago, yeah distant memory. What you keep saying and you're right the whole pregnancy thing is like nothing, because you fear about you. Have this big anxiety about the one you have give birth, but what follows is like: I was just not real. Christina P is also my mom and she started a mommy podcast and that's she talks a lot about this stuff because it's like no one talks about it and I feel like we both felt like everyone like they don't want to talk about it and there's like when I went to see the doctor for a check-up. Afterwards they were like oh yeah. This is the fourth trimester. This is the real hard [ __, ] and I was thinking like why all of a sudden I'm hearing it when I'm going for a follow-up, no one ever talked to me about what happens after the birth like that is the real that's when I chosen for ya, but the morning sick, everyone in epidural and all this [ __ ], that's easy. Everyone was focusing so much about, like am I prepared for delivery. What are my plans for the way I go to course it's! So stupid it just it happens, you've got alien-dog, you know, so you just you can't really plan so much because at the end of the day, whatever happens happens and you gotta go with it exactly know. You have no control, it just happened. Yeah you have to just go with it at the end of the day, but you know what's a real challenge: when you've got a baby, that's been crying for 20 hours straight screaming. You know, idea wants to do screaming in your [ __ ] face and you are losing your mind. That's the real [ __ ] there's been a couple of times where I've just been like I'm holding Theodore. He is crying he screaming. You know the first couple of nights were just and and I'm like I'm, so frustrated because I'm, like I, don't know how to help you yeah, and you want to help you. You start to feel like a failure because you're the parent and you can't even help him- you don't even know why he's growing or what to do yeah and also on top of everything you're. Both of us don't even have time to be ourselves or to pay attention to each other like and you're. Not the relationship is all weird. It's like you don't have time to watch stuff like we used to or hang out it's just. Everyone is in survival mode. Right, I mean it's getting easier now, because now we we know the baby and well well holder, we're making it through the tough part. I feel, like you know, yeah he's almost two months now, I think that's a big day for the first two months of talking so mental. It's it's bite like the first couple of days are insane. The first week is rough, the first month hard and then it starts to kind of like I feel like it's just starting to get easier. Maybe this week yeah because well on top of everything, you've said it's just. He is very demanding because he's just crying all the time and he's very actually and Theodore. Specifically he's got to be one of the toughest babies is colleague which he has gas issues. He spits up all the time, he's gassy, so he's uncomfortable and crying all the time he's like a farting machine, a burping machine, so the gas and the little tummies and intestines hurts them because they're so little it's you know when you have like painful gas. So they feel that all the time and Theodore has got to be one of the toughest kids because he is just you would feed him and he'll eat it up and then he's just a miserable afterwards because yeah, which is so it's such a bummer, because you feel like you fed him. He shouldn't be happy now and it's it's not like that. He then he starts to have gas, and then he needs to burp so he's crying because he needs to work. Then he was spitting up, [, __, ] load. It would spit up a lot and still cry, and then we don't know does it mean that he wants more food now or to come out no cuz a lot of times we're like? Oh, he just needed more food. We're like oh yeah. We figured out he just when he cries. He wants more food, but then not all not always yeah and the first three days were like the some of the craziest ever because he was losing weight. He was he in army and he was a little bit no, but he was losing a lot of weight yeah like because we took him to the doctor and then we went for follow-ups every day, but they were tonight it was it kept losing a losing weight and then my milk wasn't coming in yeah. So we we both wish that someone told us to just give him formula earlier. Well, you know what well there's a lot of myths around formula. There's a lot of we're getting into a whole other topic. I feel like breastfeeding is a cult and people try to force you into breastfeeding, so the dollar to mind, but I agree with that, because well it took it to the point where, where people didn't even we didn't even really consider formula as an alternative. When our baby was literally starving to death, he would scream our vase. Like newborn. Babies are supposed to sleep 18 hours a day. He slept like five hours a day and the rest. He was just right, ten out of ten agony and and and then you know it's true that breastfeeding does stuff like it helps with the immune system. But there's this kind of old, long-lasting myth that it like gives you ten IQ. Oh yeah and I'm like that, doesn't really make sense and so I'm started looking into it, and it's based on some old kind of not very sound research studies. Either way you can do whatever you can do. If your body's not producing enough milk is starving yeah. In your case, there was a biological issue, but still there's a lot of people that well at any rate, I agree that don't you just got to do what you got to do, but they kept bringing us to follow up. So we were there every day after delivery. Like I was you know, we'd like to stay at home and heal and stay with him, but every day we had to go back there and everyone in the hospital all they would talk about his breast feeding. Let me see your nipple. My nipple looks fine, there's no reason he's latching. Everything is fine, yeah! Well, okay, he's latching he's on me for two hours and he's still crying yeah now I know that he was starving, yeah yeah. The whole thing was so fresh that I knew earlier is really upsetting that, after all that time that they had to wait till like he was actually lost, a concerning amount of weight when they actually start to get war was when he didn't pee. Oh yeah, he didn't eat for like two [ __ ] days, and we were there every day. They knew that it wasn't peeing. Did we talk about how they were gonna? Give him a catheter. We did yeah, you did when I wasn't here. Yeah- and you know it's like hello. Of course, he's not peeing he's not [ __, ] drinking anything I, don't know it's annoying and they have these people there. That are like a lactation specialist yeah I thought these [ __ ] were doctors they're, just some women, yeah they're, not doctors, dude, just all they did, was talk about my nipples yeah. They can't see anything about it. Was it was so weird and every single person that saw Ella's nipples was like you have beautiful nipples you ever fake nipples, so every single person and we go to a new person and then they would look at his nipples and unprompted without talking to anyone else would be like Sheila or you have beautiful. Perf amiable are normal. It's regular! You have beautiful, perfect, no, listen, big ass, [, __ ], like I, said handlebars. No, no, but it's true when you, when you got but it when you gave birth here when I'm looking back at it, I get annoyed yeah. Because what is this call? It's the breastfeeding cult, it is, and it's at the hospital which makes me really upset because it's people at the hospital should worry about the kid not about breastfeed, well and also, please start on door. Tell me to give him formula because I don't know what I'm doing and the doctor never. This was all from these these consultants, you know who are just ladies they're, not even nurses, I figured, they were [, __, ] I! Think they just they offload this work onto these pseudo doctors. These breasts lactation specialist, because the nurses and doctors don't have time to talk about this [ __ ], and so they undergo some training courses and that's it and they- and you know we all know that it's preferred, but I mean my god. Of course, I wanted to anyway I tried. He was on me for so long and like it's exhausting and it's you got to sit out there with your boob out for two hours, hoping that he's getting something you did have it's a young life giving perfect God I mean they look like this microphone. Nothing. But when you gave birth because you I mean I agree, your nips are normal there. No, but when you gave birth they turn into a couple. Handlebars I know it changes. Yeah I know guys so they're right, you did it perfect, but I never got to suck your tip. No, whatever I did I kept thumping for three weeks or maybe the first month. I, don't remember anymore and I gave him whatever I could but God give me [. __ ] give me: let me go to some other tip now: Theodore felt no I, never tasted tip milk I. Never, but you saw what was coming out versus what he was hitting like. He was already eating. Let's say two hours and I was good. It was like a quarter when he was born now he's eating I, don't know how much we've talked enough about breastfeeding, but I don't know how much milk these women are producing because he is Chuck white. It's crazy amount of milk, it becomes a problem, sometimes they're, producing too much and it hurts and they need to get rid of some filling a whole. Damn 2-liter carton get some cereal right anyway, Theodore's doing great, he undergoing extreme mommy propaganda which I don't like, but I am I, am also team on me. So I didn't buy that shirt, I, wouldn't I. Believe in me, mom is a team. Why don't you just get a shirt? This is [ __ ] dad when he gets kid shows his dad's suck. You want to watch them, Ethan, Bradberry, stuff, of course. Okay. So you guys know that Ethan Bradberry is bent on the regula. The regulation for Megillah and I've been digging into his Instagram page and he's got this whole godfather persona words like you've, been good to your mother. I haven't got a call from your mother in three months, which sounds bad, but it's good cuz. Apparently all the moms call Ethan Bradberry when they have complaints about their kids or whatever reasons never heard of such a thing and I've long speculated that, whatever whatever there was Ethan Bradbury's personality he's been completely possessed by this man and he walks around in life, and this is how he talks to everybody. I, don't think he knows how to function outside of this Papa Bear I mean like the grant the, but you know the girl, the god problem, the god very so here I mean I've, pulled a lot of samples from his Instagram growing all the way back. What's the date on this one to 14 weeks ago, February, 14th and I think he's only gotten deeper and deeper into this is been on it for a while a long time. So, let's start we're. Gonna start recent and go back or do you want to start? You want to start back in time up yeah, okay, so this is the first known instance of the god Papa making an appearance. This was in East, Village Manhattan 14 weeks ago. Oh, we don't have sound yeah. The site's probably still need mother of God. Okay. What we got going on the lair we get in. What are you out of your minds great, to see you getting Bradbury where you've been brother? Tell you in a second come over, bring it in baby. The kisses are really interested, but the mother's been calling me to your mother capisce. So this has been going on since February, yeah homeys, don't even know he's like. Oh that's, good news, my mom caught it not good. Look at homee in the background, haha Annika, your mother's been calling that's the first known instance. That's a true artist he's leaving is a heart. You know that's true! It's like have you seen the movie The Prestige yeah, what the twins I'm gonna I, do think I just spoiled it I spoiled all movie. Well, it's! But the point is that at room, is it Muse magician a true artist? It's not about what happens on stage. It's about the whole life is the trick. He was doing tricks that nobody knew how and the twist was. He had a twin brother. There was two of them and their whole lives was dedicated to convincing the world. There was only one of them: that's Ethan, Bradberry! That's the dedication! That's required here. You go. The second known instance now hold the [ __ ] phone. This is why does this say 23 weeks ago to comment yeah, but but why this is from 23 weeks ago, this one's, even older, hmm February, 15th, wait they're both from February I, don't know what was the day: yeah yeah yeah, [Music] [Music], okay, the reference and move your it has to be yeah I, don't know which one you know I feel like. Our viewers could well their own lines. Loose yeah I mean, if you guys know, what's going on I'm sure it's from a movie or something, but no sorry, but this one's great because, like Bruno, is always down to ride with them. This guy doesn't know what's going on and as far as I can tell he's at a Funeral cuz, he says condolences to your cousin like what and he and homeys not down at all. He gets really aired. You'll see here, good, hey, I'll, check it out. I got a hairy approaching me going on over here baby. Will you get in yeah Oh? Was it seemed like you come over here, I got son to tell you my condolences, go out to your cousin huh, all right, listen that doesn't eliminate the fact your mother keep calling Mike listen. He's holding is facing the keys good to your mother a few months ago. You was good too. What's changing approaching? What do you think and don't know so? Yeah Frankie was holding his face. He was holding him prisoner. He's really had a good strong hold on his face and his home. He had to break away. Ethan Bradberry pulls it off like get out of here. You're right, Bruno he's right or die. Yeah Bruno gets into it. By does continue. Cuz I mean my goodness, there's a whole slew of these here. Bruno's back. You know it's gonna be good when Bruno's in it dude brings right. Oh [, __ ], like he'll, take this meme all the way she says she want to be part of the animal kingdom on a high off easy yeah man, okay, man, that's what she's gonna get on you gonna, give it a get a bar a mop. I got a box. I ain't gettin, it oh he's going in for the kill. Only I I think Bruno needs to know his place. Though I was uncomfortable to anyone in to kiss the papa bear cuz. You know who are you passionate, kissing, so there's one specific clip where the kissing gets so passionate? It's here with Bruno. Of course, the kissing gets so passionate that I'm certain they're just gonna start making out where you're looking. Oh man they're an inch away. Look how dude they are literally about to make guy, because that is a passionate gave me. The first phone call in six months, gaming. Look how they're gonna make that up to the church she's coming along with us to the church, to the town yeah. So, weird, just imagine these guys, like established their own society like what would happen of a society where Ethan Bradberry was that it's their language, the language of noises it'd, be this new guy yeah man Bruno's such a legend. We got one more year, huh whoo! You can't forget about it. Oh yeah, this one get is very intimate as well. One day ago, Andy Jo Gambino reach into the front of me and heart of Brooklyn New, York City, you be good to your mother. I mean great to my mother. That's good! Keep it that way. She hasn't given me a call in about two months, the janitor spades in far-off, drink Araya. He gets angry because it's not raw. It's not. I see the cream and sugar come on. That's amore, a mother, the great dear mother, everybody's on Conrad, Bruno, Bruno, he's ready to [ __ ] one night they'll have one drink, I feel like Bruno actually might be into it, but he's too afraid to get in touch with that side of himself, and he doesn't know if Ethan is being serious or it's meme, but I do feel like there could be a romantic connection. There yeah right I'll keep following dude I'm, just waiting for them to be like Bruno and they start making out the tongues and [ __ ]. What we got here, huh all right. Well, it's break time. Right then start to take a break when we come back. We were going to have in has prepared a PowerPoint for us. The Bank on little nas X is rise to stardom and smashing the world record of the longest-running song at number, one on a hundred billboard. So there's a lot of intrigue and a lot to get to right. After this quick commercial break ela, do you ever have trouble finding the perfect software? Yes, you could look online and everywhere for hours and hours and days and days, because you have a very specific problem and you need the perfect software. That's gonna address that problem. Do you know what I'm saying cap Tara? That's why cap Tara is so genius because they aggregate software from niche stuff as much as yoga management systems, yoga studio management systems all the way up to something as accessible. As you know, accounting software content management software. Whatever your problem is in business, you need a solution. Cap Tara has got the perfect software to address that issue, and not only that II look, it gets better. They've got users with their well. Let me just put it this way: nine hundred and fifty thousand reviews of products from real software users- okay reviews- are big online. These are real people, real reviews, because you can find the perfect software, but for all you know, might just be malware. Okay, but here you get to read actual reviews. You get to see how people enjoyed it. This cap, Tara, is a one-of-a-kind place on the internet. You've got all the software aggregated for your businesses. You got nearly a million reviews of real users using this product. There's nothing else like it. Okay join the millions of people who use cap tear each month to find the right tools for your business needs and I want you guys to be successful. I want your businesses to grow and with kaptara you're gonna. Be able to do that. Finally, so visit cap Tara, calm, / h3, it's free baby to day right now find the tools to make an informed software decision for your business cap. Tara, calm, /h Street, that's kaptara, CA, p, ter, ra, comm, / h3! Are you hungry right now? Well, let me put it this way: do you want $5 free towards your next meal? Cuz? That's what doordash is offering you right freaking! Now. Let me tell you about doordash their delivery service. They got hooked up with all the bomb major restaurants in your neighborhood. They got 3,300 cities in all 50 states and canada as well. It's door-to-door delivery, amazing restaurants, everything you love! They've got! You know for anything from Chipotle Wendy's, chick-fil-a, Cheesecake, Factory and any of your favorite restaurants. Around they've got it all connected and here's their offer. That is so out of control right now you get five bucks. That's it free five bucks off an order of $15 or more when you download the door - app and enter promo code h3 boom right there, just give it a shot. That's five dollars off your first order when you download the door - app from the App Store and enter promo code, h3 easy as that promo code, h3, five dollars off your first order from door, - guys it's that simple you're, hungry I'm hungry. Let's order some bomb-ass food, give it a shot. You get five dollars for free. It's really that simple! You know, I think, there's really nothing more to say! Welcome back it's time! Finally, for in the in turn, PowerPoint we've missed it dearly. It's been way too long and get that sweet little. Why you goin in the kitchen I'm summoning you and he's walking in the kitchen, you're being summoned in the intern, god bless it where's the song we got in here. You know, applause he's dressed for the occasion. Let's, what are you wearing here today? Let's see your shoes he's got his Wow suede shoes are I, mean nice way, not suede. These are just really just dress shoes, I'm sure, there's no Gucci, loafers I'll tell you that and other non slides, no they're, not I'm, just wanting van today, all right so, but the cowboy hat looks good and I appreciate you getting in the character yeah. You know it's cowboy time. You guys got some too so yeah I thought you were gonna, bring up movies, there's other right. There, okay saddle up little Dallas cheerleader yeah I like the blue and red. You look American as [ __, ] I'm, okay. Anyway. So would you like to have a seat chair swapping? Yes, what okay swap shop, we're picking it up house it as the energy over on that side of things? Um it's fine! This HD podcast is very it's powerful statement, know where you are, but I only just found out that this isn't a punch. I know it's not really. Is it not really yeah? Well, that's a bit of a but we're gonna call you late! It's our bleep! You wrote it on the wall kind of a twist, all right, so I have a little video, [Music] and justice green there. This is royalty, free, music, I trust. You know, you're doing tip the beanie to you. So are you gonna explain who's little knows X. Do they I'm not really sure what I was about to happen? Um should I just follow your lead stay. Is there any questions? I should be asked, so we give any background. Go ahead, guys you got it so we'll play the clip. Okay and then we'll we'll dive in I can take the wheel. Jesus take the wheel, always Dan. Is that all good? Can you good? Yes, yeah, you're, all good okay. This prepares this 800 that was so fast you're, not gonna, read it I mean I could really work. You know Pete. This is a podcast. People are listening, but why do I see there are two levels? It's not what people actually see? No, no okay, because it was covering okay. Can we restart reboot? No, but there are people listening, so someone's got to read that I mean, but also I'm, not like I'm. Not Goodwill Hunting I can't that was so fast I didn't get a chance to read it. Do you want me to do I want you to go back? First of all, okay somebody's got to read it I think you I'll, read it you're at the helm, yeah all right! All right, July, 29th, Old, Town Road, officially broke the record for longest number, one on the Billboard Hot 100 I know, but you couldn't even read it faster I could read that fast enough. July, 29th, Old, Town Road officially broke the record for longest number, one song on the Hot Billboard Hot, 100 and congrats to robust. Thank you. Oh no way. No! That's! It were the noise of thunder one of the four beasts saying come and see white horse [Music] holy [, __ ]. That was the very green right I'm going to take my horse. Do the Old Town Road ride until I, can't no more I'm going to take my horse to the old town road right until I can't no more I'm going to take my force. Do the Old, Town Road right until I, can't know until I can't no more woah? Thank you, I gotta watch. It I want to watch that again. I don't want it. I'm not gonna make everyone do that, but that was spectacular. I'm going to the Old Town Road I love how the NAS broke into the pentagram or the triangle yeah. You know there's a lot of layers to this. This goes for me, I, don't know if I can I thought, I knew what I was doing and what I was talking about, not really but okay, we'll get there great so well. Do the old school PowerPoint, yadda, yadda I, really like that edit in really good. Thank you thank you. Yeah. It uh it turned out. So this is the ballot of little pony lad. The tenth wait whose pony Lud little Moss, X I just think Pony lad I like the pony, because you have a picture of actual NAS, and so no it's not and I did draw that horse to I think it looks pretty good. Thank you, yeah yeah, so we're gonna run it back to kind of the origin of whatever he's doing the country. Music rap hip, hop fusion thing. These are kind of like a wild. These are the these are kind of precursors. You know these are the the guys who laid the paths: kool Moe, Dee, Bone, Thugs and harmony Outkast, rock UGK, Bubba Sparxxx, Timbaland, Will, Smith, Nelly, Tim, McGraw, young Carl, Nappy, Roots young thug, family, don't matter these are freaking. These are the guys he comes from a long line of. He stands on the shoulder of giants. In other words, yes, but these people all took themselves very seriously, so I think that's the they were actually trying to blend. These two genres, like in a very smooth right but self-serious way, a lot of like bravado and all that type of thing right, outlaw cowboy vibes, I. Think, though, little nose is a bit more similar to this guy meme, hey cough yeah, see you showed a picture of Weird Al, yes, lil mouse reminds me more of weird Oh interesting he's like what Weird Al did with white and nerdy he's like the reverse, hi. That's how I see it I think you're right. He doesn't take himself seriously, which is kind of the power. Yeah I mean the whole video. It's based on like red, damn Redemption mm-hmm yeah. He just likes that video yeah. He has no like roots in the stuff like the I. Just it's like a meme. You know like the game and then jumped on so last year. This song came out by this guy fly, rich double called you up on. My tractor I can play like a little snippet of it right play it. We're gonna, we're gonna, have to dispute all day here, but yeah go ahead and play it. [Music], Oh farm and there's a whole bunch of homies [ __ ] around on a tractor, pretty awesome, yeah yeah. So this was a last year in August the resurgence yeah. This was kind of the transitioning it into more of like a joke like these guys are kind of joking. You can tell the vibes a little differently, so little backstory I did reach out to little nos a while ago to interview him because I wanted to do a PowerPoint uh back when he started gaining this like traction, and then he just goes to me what you were in touch before I blew out before so Wow, I emailed him on April, 2nd, 2019 and then I followed up again the next day, hi again and there's more to the email, and you know laying out our numbers and I told him. I only want to talk for like just five minutes on the phone. That's like all I wanted. First of all, let me say: I did not know about this in and I love the yeah I love the go getting that I'm seeing here. Well now I hold a grudge against this man. He just left me on red. He blew up because then I emailed him April 3rd April 5th the billy-ray remix came out. So then it was all big shot yeah. It was all turbo racer. He left your ass on the old town, oh yeah, he did wait. Did he ever respond to you because I don't know he never answered? Oh well. Why do you hold it? Grouch I thought you guys had communication just because it goes to him. He just he didn't. Even he just click the checkmark and click mark is read without opening it. Yeah I, don't I. Think you're left on red I left your left on red I'm, just in the email, yeah yeah dude, that's even worse! My grudge is even stronger than hmm. So having said that, you know I think that uh he's a thief and a liar and a cheat like No. So why would you? How could you say that? Well there's this other song? We talked about this now. Let me ask you this before what was the point of playing the previous song? Well, those two that song came out still before long Moss's, but I want I, think that was inspired as well by this next song. This song came before everything yeah okay, so this song actually came out on May, 8th and then the remix eleven days later, so with a little izzy vert, who we're all familiar with my favorite rapping Satanist, absolutely so he jumped on this. The and this came out old town road came out in December of last year, so a short five months later yeah or something yeah so I think months. This is kind of like the inspiration behind these songs. [Music], really not very clear, like let me know the chorus I got horses into my car and then there's also other lines. He says: I'm sipping lean like a Coors, Light and Louis. You know lied about. Personally. This has been stuck in my head. More than all those maps for you, yeah I really can't get out of my head. So what these two songs came first you're saying so this came out in May, so this guy kind of set the resurgence of the cowboy hip-hop chic back into brought him back into the forefront of our cultural consciousness. Really am I right yeah so well. Both of them cite this other guy young thug, who did a song, but it's not a jokey song. Well, let me hear that one I, don't have it oh, okay, lights cut. Can we cut that Dan? Can we cut that? Why not? But that was not as much of a joke as this. This is clearly like this. Is him just joking? Yes, it's putting on the accent and goofing around yes, so I think lil knows pretty much directly. He definitely heard this I've no doubt and then made his song and then certainly I. Just the lines are similar. I, don't know. I know knows how much he was inspired by well. I mean I, I'm, sure you're getting to it. It seems didn't little NAS reach out to this dude for a collab. Yes, so that's the next last and that proof that he's hurt, because you said I'm pretty sure he's heard of it. Isn't that not proof yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, definitely, okay, so well! This is the guy little Tracy little Tracy, who made that song there he is saying: I was actually inspired by young thug to make like a farmer. Lowell nos simply ran with the sauce. Well, no sex is not innovative. He is a fake mogul. Okay. Well, let me address actually I feel like go ahead and on the screen on the note. This is all so. These are all deleted tweets now, but this is a DM. Oh, he tweeted it yeah Wow and then deleted it. So this is a little Tracy saying: Lowell nos deemed him on January 1, a hop-on Old, Town Road. So that's like just a couple weeks after it came out. He put it out and then immediately reached out to a little Tracy hang on Oh Zoe, so you damned him and then he tweeted it out cuz. He said broad, why did you tweet that I've been trying this song so that actually he's responding to Lowell nos tweeting, I? Think the one on the left yeah like? Why are you attacking me? I tried to get you on this song so so hold on. He said you want to hop on the song. He said yes, but he said it well, two months later and oh and this guy wants to get on only after he blew up well that what I'm seeing here I think maybe we're releasing the dance on the right little Tracy. He tweeted this because I don't know if he's exposing himself, because on the left, when did what sound Road come out December at when was the suite on the left, tweeted cuz, the date is cropped out, the one on the left. It was around I'm, pretty sure around March. Okay, so little nod says you want to hop on Old, Town, Road, mm-hmm and then whoa and then two months later and then a month later, he tweets out [ __ ], lo nas he copied my sauce yeah and then a month later again he responds and says yes around the same time, this yeah I think it's around the same. So he's he doesn't actually want. He just [ __ ], he may just being a there goes little. Nas is a [ __ ]. He goes into the dmz says he yes and then little nose has brought why'd. You tweet that I've been trying to get you on this song and then he says, get me on it. Yeah he's just being a dick I think so now, let's address the themes free so and then people were saying at his live concerts. He said like [ __ ] holy [, __, ], Old, Town Road, so he's cut out. Let me address this guy Tracy vert Ethan, real quick. Can you sit up all the way yeah I got lean on my bladder dude come on. He says: I was actually inspired by a young thunk to make like a farmer. Okay, first of all, Tracy Burt. You yourself are saying that you're, not an original. You met. You were inspired, yeah, okay. So what the [ __ ] is your point. You in your original tweet say that you're inspired by a young thug young thug gonna go accuse him of ripping him off. So he feels like he was inspired versus little nasty thing actually copied him, but I feel like you're walking such a gray area here, like I, don't see listening to both of the songs. I, don't see it as a coffee. Well, he says he stole his sauce. Actually, no, he doesn't even say that he says ran with the sauce. You know. Maybe there was some sauce that he ran with it, but I have to say after hearing both songs, the son I mean they're very different, and let me also say that what little nas made with Billy Ray Cyrus is a hit yeah. That song is there dude it's like crazy. I mean this. Guy's song is just a little soundcloud [ __ ] post right I that song never had the potential to go number one billboard No okay, so he did he take, though so he says he took the sauce and he ran with it. That's exactly what he did and I've seen a lot of comments. People saying Tracy vert walked, so lil nos could run and that's exactly right. That's what happened! Yeah, not a bad thing. No, it's not a bad thing: I, don't either I totally and for him to say not innovative he's a fake mogul, I mean well I, don't think, he's ever purported to be a mogul, just a dude that made a hit the things that sometimes does just there's trends in the air. You know people feel the same. Vibe and people get inspired from each other and people end up making sometimes similar things, and it doesn't mean they copied each other. Absolutely I see it a lot with teddy fresh people will point out auto color blocking and they'll be like they're copying you so you know they're, not, then they're totally not I quit. First of all, I didn't invent color blocking not even close and, second of all, it's just a trend. Right now and a lot of people are feeling it. You are liking, it they're, gonna, wear it right now, they're running with the sauce yeah right and it's possible, they saw her color-block and they saw how popular it is. But that's: okay, I mean I'm, not a copy. No and I mean in the marketplace of ideas. You just got to have a better idea. You and I think lil nas made a better product. Ultimately, it was more successful for this guy to have a chip on the shoulder. I mean he could have here the opportunity to get on that [ __ ]. He really he [ __ ] himself over by not getting on that. Didn't it. Yes, so the two remixes go: 3:45 I, don't remember! Well, young thug jumped on the guy. Oh that's beautiful he's on the one with Mason Ramsey, though so, by the way we were discussing this and I was like Ian. How? How is it that all these remixes are coming out and he still has one song at number one, and you answer me: mm-hmm yeah they all funnel to billboard takes the most successful one, all the remixes that come on. After that all of the you know, momentum and streams, and so it all funnels into the main one. So so little nas you have to respect the Huff. So this little Cowboys got because these remixes dude this guy is hustling for that number one spot, and you also have to appreciate he tweeted out. He says he made the song specifically two minutes long, so people could stream it more yeah yeah, it's 30 seconds to to count as a stream mmm, so yeah, the last remix was like 150 homie just keeps cutting down, though yeah, but you got to appreciate the hustle man, this guy's, making he just released a remix with some k-pop guy that people were losing their minds about. Sounds the [ __ ] same. It's just blamed because he's trying to tap into that market. It's all like just market. It is so I thought I, follow him and like everything he posed, he looks so happy, though, he's always goofing around and had like I'm up he's so like silly and just enjoying the ride. He's got a great vibe. I feel like it's a shame, because um Tracy Tracy Vartan. How should I lose little Tracy little Tracy? He made such a silly song and then he goes on and being so petty. If your vibe is like this silliness, you should let it go and join join the part when the [ __ ] rodeo instead of Kilda party joined the party, joined the rodeo dude, it's a goddamn powwow. Let's do a dosey doe. You know what I'm saying in I know. I know we'll we'll ring around the hay bales, something like that, but anyways yeah, so I do feel kind of, but I do like his song and it's but I like his song. A lot yeah I mean I, get why maybe he's upset, but it sucks that you know I, don't I, don't I, don't he needs to get over it. Yeah in this world. You you don't get anywhere by by getting yeah and making enemies you gotta join. You got to bring the [ __ ] cornbread. You got to join the dosey doe. You got to get yourself a partner and do the goddamned OC dope I, don't feel bad for him. Also. What you always will learn is that there was room for everyone. Yes, you're, easy he's, not stealing lessons from yours unless you're on twitch twitch is the only place. There's not right, yes, there's face in this world for everyone yeah, you know yeah and I feel like as well. He did get apparently at one point. Lil nos had a playlist on soundcloud. He it's deleted now and it was songs that pave the way to Old Town Road and, like a farmer, was on there. So that was him kind of going like you did. I did take from this, but you know here's me promoting it yeah. Well, you can easily make the argument that the references to lean and horses in the back are also nods to this song. I mean he can give the nod to the song and he's not state a little homage yeah exactly it's not that sure. Yeah I mean the SOT. The song sound completely different. Oh, this is so all the flip and remixes I'm really going all in with these graphic here. I love uh. So there's the first one with Billy Billy Ray Cyrus. Then he did one with Diplo, then one with young thug in Mason, Ramsey, there's a leaked one with Lil Wayne, no way really even out. Yet it's not out. You can find it you can find it is it fire I haven't heard it. Is it sound the same as all the I don't partake in the legal content, only you're just telling people it's out there, yeah I've never heard it, though never heard it, then that guy are his name's RM from BTS, which is a k-pop group that everyone goes nuts over and then apparently there's a possible one up. Coming with this rapper Megan the stallion and Dolly Parton, so Dolly Parton's been tweeting about it. Who wait what what who's a Dolly Parton singer country singer? Hasn't she doesn't she like I, don't know? Is she alive, I mean if she's, not that's a big feat for him. Dolly Parton! Isn't she from like 1920, my crazy Dolly? How old is Dolly Parton Dan she's like she's, not from the 20? She? She is. She real, but yeah yeah if I had to guess she's, probably in her 70s right, because she was like one with the tumbleweed by now she's 73 hazard, okay! Well, let's get the Dolly Parton on the gravy hot yeah. That's fire! I love that he's dipping into all the country, yeah icons, you know he's dipping everywhere and I'm I'm ready for it to be over. Well, you got your cowboy hat on and you're in your suede shoes. You don't look like you're I'm, hoping that it's so corny it skill helping to kill the meme I. Don't think I think this. I think this I think this meme is. It just started the gallop. That's on to a full-blown, that's nightmare, I'm, starting to see the end of it sighing. We we've been fans of the song. We listen to it a lot. Well, they all just sound the same right. Yeah I heard them walk. Bts everyone's freaking out about I was like. Oh, it sounds exactly the same. It sounds it's the sounds even worse. Yeah I kind of agree, but I'm in oh wow, was that real wow. She looks really good Mike yeah she's, looking pretty skinny, oh good, the record for longest number. One is now 17 weeks as of yesterday breaking the 16-week tie between 2017 Luis FONSI, daddy yankee, Justin, Bieber, audio or g'd Esposito, and the 1995 Mariah Carey boys, 2 men dusts one sweet day. So at its crazy, those two songs were we're, holding the record one sweet day. What the f is that that was kind of before my time, so I, don't I, don't know, I'd, never heard it until I. Looked this up, I can't believe how good Mariah Carey looks, though she's been taking care of herself yeah, yeah she's, really looking trim so yeah and then we've got so here are all the people that have tried to take him down, tried and failed tip number one goes and they have not overtaken lil mouse X on billboards. Okay yeah released singles yeah, they were, they were going for it. They were yeah yeah yeah, so we got Bugatti Biebs. We got the ginger fury, we got Onika minaj we got language. Are you speaking? We got a post, tmaloney, be god dude I'm surprised that even post wasn't able to cuz every time that got released the song. It's like hey, I'm number, one. What song did he release? It was goodbyes with young thug young thug, making a different order, making an appearance, but no yeah. We got a Kathryn B. We got T Swizz. This is everybody. We got Shauna --then Mendes. We got Billy the Kid, that's everybody! We got freaking Aubrey, that's everybody! Aubrey, champagne, papi, Drizzy, six-gun, what the wheelchair Graham the legend and the burger lady too. That's everybody. They all tried and failed. They even tried to mix and match Billy. They tried to get Bugatti Bebe's on the remix to her song to try and bump it up and Ed Sheeran worked with Bieber to try and tag team. None of them can do it. The power wasn't that Bieber Twitter Congrats and that's all he said just congrats almost through a couple more letters or congratulations. It's a yeah right! That's what I thought! Congratulations! It's like wow dude with no exclamation mark I, think I. Think there was nothing yeah man, that's a weird, that's very cryptic in a way yeah, because Justin Bieber is like that's. Not that's literally not cryptic. I said: congratulations! Is it so? That's mostly all the main power players I mean who are we sides? Ariana grande, has a single coming in like a week or two, but that's so she's away, and then she'll be right up here. With all these losers, it's too late and uh, and then I del Adele's, the only woman I think could do it. She's gone she's missing, but it's too late. He already won like they. They faced, they swung and they missed they all aimed for the head. They'd do anything for that. Yeah aim higher next time. Yeah they blew it. So these people are all failures or do you have a they gonna I want to see them like just dump away like a dust effect, yeah yeah. We can add that in later, oh man no spinners just gone. These are the longest running number ones ever. This is just kind of an interesting list. Look at him! There's a lot of [ __ ] on this loose dog handling the wind, something about the way you look tonight, I'm, actually unfamiliar with that song, but I obviously can't on the wind yeah. There's a lot. You know what it is it's like these are all radio hits I'll just read read some of these so that we got the Macarena 14 weeks. That's insane! Imagine a world go back. What year was that from 1996? Imagine a world where Macarena is actually I, don't need to imagine I. Remember number one for 14 weeks: hey Macarena, daga, daga, beretta, hey that was insane before listening to that everyone was doing the dance at every bar party. Even in Israel yeah it was, we got. I got a feeling. The Black Eyed Peas I've got out to will uptown funk Bruno Mars we got Eminem lose yourself, yeah, uh sure in Little John boom boom, pow Black, Eyed Peas blurred lines was Khalifa, see you again the chainsmokers closer. That's like one of the worst songs, I've ever heard. Whoa hang on what are we doing? I'm talking, [ __, ] I'm straight, not fired I hate that song huh ed sheeran shape of you. What other songs do hate up here? In obviously, we've got the legend Drake champagne, papi, six god, king drusy slime with god's plan down there. What about the? What you didn't mention the wheelchair wheelchair Jimmy yeah yeah, he's there Olivia newton-john, let's get physical, there's some interesting stuff, your boy yeah easy, never made it huh, no he's a failure. Oh dude! He blew it. I only count the numbers he's not here. Macarena did woman part 1, part 2 doesn't look like it part 2. Wasn't it wasn't as good as the original yeah, so yeah, some interesting stuff, I think I could see him going for a few more weeks, though, and really like solidifying that he's not going anywhere man I mean that was a long-standing Mariah Carey had that from 95. Well, if he can just get one more week, I mean if he could get to 20 weeks. That's a title that may not ever be toppled until I release another diss track, mm-hmm I, wonder I should have looked it up, but I doubt it if I carry did any like remake trickery. Yeah, let's be honest, the remixes he's like could be a little asterisk up. There yeah the remixes such a did any of this other people, though I mean I'm sure some of these have it but I, don't I, don't think to this day, I, don't think Elton John has any remix. You know yeah I, don't know what about like Drake with God's plan no or like Eminem would lose yourself know a lot of the like uptown funk. I, don't think, has a remix. What about despedido that one hadn't remixes didn't it. So, let's see that's the that's featuring Justin Bieber, that's one up there. That was the remix I also noticed if I can point out, Macarena says Bayside boys mix, so that appears to have been remixed as well yeah, but they listen to remix. They really yeah, but I would I do think. The candle in the wind was remixed several times as well. Does that yeah I think that sounds right? It was a Dougie fresh and out and John original beatbox. I. Think I. Remember that in the movie that deleted scene like up, let's move, moving on yeah I, think there's just crap crap and mega crap all over this list. To be honest, nice, so how did he do it? I was gonna, try and tie and like he sold his soul with the devil. So here's the cover with with young thug and Mason Ramsey for that remix and I found an interesting tweet. That I think is some truth from from David over here where he says the devil is cunning. Look at this cover tell me what y'all get from this. If y'all that don't understand the devil works in exoteric and esoteric medicine, so Tara asked Dan. He knows. Oh I, don't know when I saw that I was like what the [ __ ] is that concise e he says exoteric and esoteric, though yeah in balls. Can someone look up exoteric? Is that a word yeah I mean I, just thought it was a typo but I guess yeah exoteric li, hey carnal, mind can understand. This is just being a cover about horses, cuz, oh yeah, old town route, but exoteric intended for or likely to be understood by the general public. So it's like the opposite of esoteric. It can't be both then devil. Magic as Christians are told. To look past that which is physical and see, what's really going on, read the book of Revelation you've heard of the four horsemen. That's true I have we're going to have to break this down because I want you all to know the nonsense going on he's got a good amount of read to it. Some, like some retweets and the devil, is cunning. Yeah he's here, I'm starting to buy it. Let's go man I like this homework he breaks. I wish I could get him on the phone, but revelation 6 details, four horsemen, their meaning and their color. The first was the white horse a conqueror. Well, the second is the red horse represents war. The third is the black horse, which represents famine. The last one the green horse represents death. Whoa wait. What is it green wait hold on back up? Oh yeah, what why does green represent death? It shouldn't green, represent famine or, like you know, slime Organic, but you said green represents. It went last death black is very green. Why would know this guy's got it all wrong? Green should be famine and black is dead, eat green food and it's done to green there's nothing old death about green I. Gotta put my foot down there is this from the Bible yes years. What was that? Yes, that is correct, he's from the back I'm gonna take this guy did his homework. I'm gonna, he did, he knows, is great yeah. So can y'all explain to me why the four horses match the color and the horses in Revelation? Why is the white horse? The smallest of the four who is also representative of Jesus, my hurry? Wait, the full I thought white was part of the Apocalypse. The first was the great white horse. A conqueror Jesus Jesus is also depicted, but there's only four horses, so we're missing a horse. Jesus returns on the Great White Horse in Revelation. Have you got the white and what else we got horses, so you got others to brown in the green yeah, but Jesus white is Jesus so he's saying by making the Jesus horse all tiny like that is like spitting in Jesus's, face a fine I'm on board. Okay, it's Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. The white is Jesus mm-hmm. There's a brown black we're missing a horse, the white wine Jesus's horse. We only have three riders of the public, but this is like the apocalypse megazord that come those four right there I think. If I understood correctly, Jesus rides the white horse, he isn't actually the white horse, so you got the four horses, the white one, being it's his personal horse. That's his ride! Yeah, but till we get the Bible out. Do we have on the back, wait hold on I understand but there's Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse? Yes and there's four horsemen. If one of those horses is Jesus, I'm assuming Jesus isn't one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Yes, according to this wait, what what Jesus is one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse? Well, that's blasphemy. Can we just that would be surprising Jesus, like hey I'm, here, to end it all look whoa Jesus! Well, the apocalypse is the second coming so I mean he'd have to he's involved in some capacity minute Ian. You need to clarify for us here. What's going on because I know Jesus died before dumb, that's not right! The four horsemen are from de marsay, they write for Satan and it's a war between good and evil. That's revelation, okay! So here's from Wikipedia, okay, thank you in tho, theologians and popular culture differ on the first horsemen. The four riders are often seen symbolizing conquest or pestilence and less frequently the Christ or the Antichrist, followed by war, famine and death. So it sounds like this is a controversial topic on the on the white horse open for interpretation. Yes, Bobby shocked his health Jesus wrote out with them, be like dude. You were [ __, ], a double agent, the whole time well or the Antichrist. So maybe it's you know there should be a big crowbar separation between Christ and the Antichrist. It's they got it. It's not going pony back little poney little poney back little pony, lad, goddamn! This is complicated. Well, it's a little bit. It's like the end of The Sopranos. You know like you. They want to leave it up to the people. Okay! So then, again, he's saying the artists and labels that pump out mainstream music into the world are not governed by God. They are governed by the god of this world. The Prince of the power of the air Satan he's blamele mocking Jesus. Yet we eat up his music 17 weeks number one I think people are just they know they know what's up and then Mason Ramsey tweets this Getty out our way a photo of the four horsemen whoa Mason Mason comes in and that's a photograph. It's pretty cool okay well hold on. Let me okay! So yeah, though there is a white horse, a Bowman I love that the screenshot captured exactly when the likes go up. Yes, there's activity going on also liked by little nods I can see. That's him nope yeah. He elect one of my tweets recently. He did yeah that going. He said he was on the toilet and he's you know going number two, while getting number one you liked it. Oh that's a good one! David jumped in on this receipt. Here's one of your own, bearing witness to the words I've spoken goodnight. The law is not like I know what I discerned so he's basic correct he's got the evidence there. It is, and also the likes to back it up the likes. Are their 8300 Getty out our way, Dan! That's what dude? What? If? What? If that's, what the horsemen said when they arrived giddy out our way they did arrive, that's them lil, nas and Lowell giddy, that's the remix! The earthquakes are coming back. This all happened during the time of this song cool, so I found one other video that I think is basically a if you're, not convinced that some devilish Joker is going on. By now. This will confirm it. 100% it's from faithful on YouTube I. Think he's got a really compelling argument here. 0 like zero likes, two dislikes 113 views, I major hit. I think that this is a buried. Gem I just feel like he's on to something here. So he's just posting some things he's noticed with lomas that seem a bit suspicious he's got a he's, got a cross on his beard. He covers one eye. He covers one industry now, that's the thing! That's very a lot of devilish trickery in the Hollywood Hills about we're just touches channel. Is this Masonic gesture go plate, the goat and the Sun he's used. The goat emoji, which is a symbol of Baphomet, was kind of like The Satanic figure he's used the Sun emoji as well. This one he didn't really figure out the in explain down yeah, but two out of three is still compelling. That's that's yeah it's over 50%. Now he used the okay sign, which is in the shape of a six which is the devil's number and but he added so well. He kind of added extra meaning cuz, there's only one, but then he added, but he couldn't figure out this screenshot. What is it the black bars and the white yeah? It's a little well because that's irrelevant to the figuring out the truth which, as long as he demonstrates and [ __ ] X refers to Antichrist. Damn you can't even write in English anytime use an X referencing that as I'm supposed to skip that one over. No, you use this emoji too. At some time at is damning. Occultic skulls, that's true! He's using devil horns right here. That's true! It's all here! These are Masonic tiles. He thought he could sneak by us. Yeah I've, never seen those before like look right here. I've, never seen a check of lousy, think we're all blind and not gonna, see this guy's wearing black and white. You know, I think every where the devil horns. It's fear he's painting a picture for us, the pentagram stars. It's not an anagram, there's only fight there. It is the pentagram. Oh wait! Yeah it is. There is evil. He's got the road, the road it. Oh I, love how each out the arrows are arguing. There's a little pentagram star. The owl is the symbol of the Illuminati makers. Fun. Oh, that's very illuminating, a little pixel yeah! So basically you know it just keeps going, but you get the gist. Yes, it's damned evidences. If you don't believe it now. Look it you flipped the 99 in sixes. Oh my -, it's not three! Well, it's once again, CyberLink by PowerPoint. That's it [Music] Izzie's a lot to chew on yeah. So what do you think? Zia is some suspicious activity going on? Some, so if you take, if you take everything as a whole- yes, yes, yeah I covering what's going on with the years. Yes, what is that you read the Bible and you have a stroke. What are you saying else like that? Just please continue. Do you have the covering I mm-hmm concerning these goggle eyes? Why cover one right exactly? Why would you you've got a jersey that says ninety nine? But when you flip that up sighs it says 66, it's not there's not three! There's two and you have to flip it upside down, still I'm concerned about that as well. Yeah. What, if you put still on upside-down wrong way, right, you've also got allegations of theft and whole there's a lot to chew on I'm, not sure the people are gonna have to make up their own their own minds when this morning, just like is, was Jesus on the horse. Was he if one of the horsemen in the apocalypse that was the other question, you're gonna have to make up your mind on that one as well: cuz I'm, not a theology and I mean I, couldn't possibly make a distinction. There, oh yeah I, don't know, but that's it. That's it so, hopefully ariana grande, please break the record. I. Don't want to hear this song ever again. I think I'm gonna be hearing the song many more to come and I. Don't think this PowerPoint helped either because I think people are gonna, go listening, so don't do it. We got a default in. Thank you for coming out. Thank you. I was a powerful PowerPoint. Now we gotta wait 10 months for the next one, give you kiddy the hell out. I got the horses in the bag as I'm. Don't you can leave your hat on Wow? Yes, they shouldn't I'm, gonna, leave mine. Okay, I was interesting, learned a lot. You know covered a lot of ground mm-hmm little nas exposed Dan. How long we've been going for. Let's see Dan like an hour 20 so good, then we go up for an hour. 20 Wow. Shall we wrap it pretty tired? Again we have so much content to get to. Let me do these ones. I've got these old stories, I've been putting off. Let me just talk about these and then we can. We can get to the rest on Friday this. Maybe we should just wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it up, but that means we've only talked about three things: that's how we do it baby, that's how we do it. This is not a podcast we're under no obligation, that's true, does being a podcast, give us more obligation or less obligation. What is an obligation? I, don't know we have know about of no. Let's do this face app craze. This is all [ __ ] new! No one even cares. Yell hurt. You guys, remember the face up craze with the app that made everyone old, yes and then the world actually turns out the company that made this app is a Russian company all right, so everyone was getting spooked like what are these Russians doing with our faces right? First of all, before we get into it, let me show you pictures of all of us. Let me save this app, it's so fantastically good! You look. Will you love me when I'm I feel, like that's a cute guy yeah, that's pretty cute I'll I'm down to ride like that? What ages that, though, that's like 79 nice, nice, yeah, I like it! No, we skip the next one Oh little Theodore I got age of five get out of here with that, when I ran it, it makes you select a face so I selected ILA's, but it like spilled over li yeah. He got a little on the forehead I, don't know well at 70. That's pretty good I think. But how is this so good raise? Yours looks like a cute old guy I look old as [ __ ], though you know, I mean it's not flattering. If you have hair like that, when you're old, that's pretty cool yeah, my hair's gonna, look like that cool I'm, pretty sure you didn't get any Gray's, your hair didn't change at all. The changing of the hair color is one of the most interesting parts to me because they think it can like detect. If you already have a little bit of gray and then it enhances it, you know it's so crazy and that's really like I've seen this person before that's what you're gonna look like Dan. This is a little bit. It looks more like my grandfather. Actually, this is insane. How do you guys feel seeing this because I feel horrified when I see myself? You know I get that instinct a little bit, but you got a everybody who [ __ ] gets old. This is something every to be fair. Durst yeah was the least flattering I mean I'm. Gonna support is any yeah I think mine's the worst, but no it's not, and that's just bro you look like Gandalf yeah I mean yours is yours, looks yeah I'm, gonna I'm, just backing you up and guys I want you to know. I'm supporting HeLa, cuz she's like I, look awful right and not the yeah. That's close this but I mean just you exam. We didn't because we actually know what is that looks like no. They look different yeah, but it's so funny like they recognise your skin type and they made them all. Blotchy I can create it added a little bit of gray to his hair, but for me they went. They went all out right. Well, your dad. Your dad has like pure white hair, like what are they scanning? My DNA: that's what doesn't know that I love it fantastic where's, my gray hair, maybe you don't! Maybe you end up dying. It and I knew that well, I know we're dying. It I thought you said dying, oh I'm, looking forward to gray hair, so at any rate, is this app dangerous? Have we fallen prey yet again to Russian antics the question washington post an article about it? They said some of the darkest fears of russian connections. Research and technical experts said are overblown. The photos are stored on conventional servers run by american companies, and no evidence has surfaced said the company has ties to the Russian government. Technical analysis has also found that the app does not, as some rumors stated, swipe a person's entire cache of photos or open their data to unlimited surveillance. Yeah people started to really freak out and then well. I I got a little spooked by it. People said that they saw the app upload all the photos to the cloud. Yeah I worked it all in that yeah that guy deleted that tweet, no, he just made it up. Concerns arose when people started to point out that the app seems to upload all of your photos. Wouldn't that take hell of long. You don't know the difference in one photo and all right and that's when I change phones. It takes like 20 minutes. People also discovered that and the private see policy page. It makes a vague reference to sharing your data with affiliates. It says quote: you grant face a perpetual, irrevocable non-exclusive royalty-free worldwide, fully paid transferable sub licensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish trans, they create derivatives from distribute publicly perform and display your User Content, and any name user or likeness provided in connection with your user contact and all media formats channels non owned or later developed without compensation to you. That is in this world or any other. Be this a simulation or real. All future simulations all all realities here, known as or further discoverable I'd say that writing is [ __ ], but apparently it's kind of boiler right eyes. Apps I felt freaked out when I read it and then people said it's the same. One everywhere like sweet are YouTube. That's the thing you read that language of any of these apps and you'll realize that they're, like we [, __ ] own you, we could sell a t-shirt with your face on it. I could start towards, like I can make h3 March right now and sell it and people to my rights. We use third-party analytic tools to help us measure traffic and you should strings for the service. These tools collect information sent by your device to our service, including the webpages you visit has ODS and other information that assists us in improving the service. Yet truth is that you're gonna see this language and way worse on pretty much any app. You [, __, ], download a flashlight app know this whole migrated to terms thing. Is that sure I don't know it's not right? It's not right, because there's no way that you're gonna read it. It's I, don't know, there's no way that you can not get those apps I mean you need Twitter, and you need all this stuff today, you're kind of choosing to not be part of society if you're not participating and all this stuff. You think that's a great point and I think there's gonna be a point where we as consumers can say. Look. This agreement is not binding, because you have to reasonably assume it's unreasonable to assume that people are going to read this you're, giving common people without a law background on a hundred page contract without access to a lawyer. You cannot you have. It should be that if you have terms and services you can fit on one page and it's in plain language, that's what it should be. You know I mean enough with this. What this law talk is indecipherable to people without a law degree, and we do so many apps. Can you imagine reading it for each one? I don't want to know at this point. I don't want to know I, don't want to read it. I swear to god: I'm, not even kidding I download, a flashlight app and I'm like oh, it wants to make calls it wants to read my contacts. It wants to see my photos, it's like it's a [, __, ], flashlight, app I, don't want to even know at this point. You can send flashlight app to see your nude photos and upload them to revenge. Porn comm, oh wow, all right, agreed, yeah, I, think I think it speaks to a bigger problem. With these apps, that's exactly right: ela Wow! Should we keep going? Let's just bring these out. Let's bang it out ice cream challenge. You all heard about these bright-eyed [ __ ] idiots the ice cream challenge man. So this was a challenge apparently, and you guys are gonna love this. Where you going to a grocery store, lick ice cream, take the top off! You look diced and you put it back ice cream again. It's the ice cream challenge. This has 13 million views. Oh look, never licky! Licky! All you filed for today put it oh, no Billy Leakey! All you file put a bit put a bit. 17 I mean yeah, you do, unfortunately, you do stupid, [ __ ] at that age, but dude they posted online and everyone's. Like oh yeah, it's been seen by 13 million people they're like oh yeah, I know that girl is alright. You know and I don't know for some reason. This just went huge like it's disgusting, but I think it went bigger than I would expect. Mm-Hmm I was immediately wondering how come it's got. No top the ice cream, so magical doesn't have top I mean I, guess I didn't for some reason: I thought they all had like a seal. Mmm they've got some advanced techniques, they basically vacuum seal it, and so you can tell if it's been open or not, because the top will be like slightly popped out apparently still seems stupid. Just [ __ ] seal it like when she put it back. Do you think you could tell I, don't think so? I did something about that. Yeah yeah I bet someone bought that that girl didn't look clean either. Well, she looked like any other person, but she does herpes survive in a freezer or well. Sorry Dan I mean like hepatitis. Let's say: that's a more rare disease, hepatitis B, no one you're asking if it survives Inside Edition didn't, did a new story about it. I mean this is sort of legs. A young woman is so nasty container of ice cream and putting it back in the store freezer linkie. Oh you found put a bit of it, has been viewed more than 10 million times. What kind of make it to the news wrote one person I'm disgusted. This should be a criminal charge posted another Wow. The ice cream in question is blue velvet. In a statement the company said this type of incident will not be totally gonna. Do back could be to a felony charge. Some twitter users claimed they've identified the woman as coming from San Antonio Texas. Look at her. They got her the popular brand sold mainly in the South Inside Edition producer, oh yeah, that's my favorite shot as well. She's, like you, don't believe me here: you're walking down the aisle in a grocery store and ice cream. Look at this that shot [ __ ] made this story. Inside Edition. You don't believe me here: I am [ __ ] question me now look at the flavor now this is investigative journalist, hard hit Oh once you remove the lid and race cream is exposed. Bluebell explains what is reinvention. Our half gallons are flipped upside down and sent to a hardening room. Creating a natural seal. Just cover hoods are frozen tightly to the carton. Any attempt at opening the product should be noticed noticeable. Other ice creams do have a plastic and ice one right there. What the [, __ ] all the sudden I'm watching some stupid video about ice cream and then all of a sudden, it's a shooting in Gilroy, oh yeah, yeah, what the [ __ ] is right. Youtube shut the [ __ ] up, if you -, oh, my god, how to survive a shooting at a festival. That's a video how to survive a shooting at a festival. Let's stick to the [ __ ] ice cream story. That's a far cry away: I'm trying to have a good time here, survivors, shooting and just like matching the same woman shooting tutorial I. Imagine the same word. Woman cruising through in the same outfit, why chill out inside addition, total chaos? That's how to survive. If you will enjoy that story, you're definitely gonna enjoy how to survive a shooting, [ __ ] you what is going on with this country. There is now tutorials about how to survive a shooting reach. It sister I thought: I came to the safe America from Israel mm-hmm and now there's shooting tutorials. Here, it's actually a hotbed. They put it at the end, because people like oh yeah I do need to know how to just survive. A shooting I'll tell you how to survive a shooting run. That's it just run right, I mean that's, not good upsetting. There is no surviving and say just die. You can't do anything. What can you do? Yeah? What is pray? I mean you just you just write to knows like there's a maniac there's spraying both so I. Don't need a [, __ ] youtube tutorial here here. Here's the first step, pray to God, ask the Lord above to uh, hopefully that you're more righteous than the people around you I love to see some preacher like God. Will choose God will decide, he will know if you're more righteous, he will protect you if you make a sizeable donation. God will know anyway. My intention was not to talk about this, but we were talking about how so the blue bow company. They said it should be noticeable if someone opened it. That is not enough. Look the tops on you're going in your body, you're getting ice cream. Well, though, in their defense, why should they have to anticipate people licking it and putting it back? I mean I, don't know it's just this crazy people, crazy, okay, put a top on it then yello-ha. Why is anything sealed that you buy I, guess cereal? Why is it sealed, doesn't get still good enough? It's okay I feel like that's good enough. Police ended up, not charging the girl as an adult as an adult, if I always find it strange when they charge juveniles as adults. It's like that's the whole point of the law. They're children, I'm gonna, try you as an adult, you're, 16 and now I'm pissed. When I try as adults. Okay! Well, he's 16. That's the whole point. Sometimes there's a heinous enough crime, but still well at the 16 year old murders like five people. They don't want to be like well I, want you away forever. Yeah I get that so, of course we have copycats. This is so this girl was 17. This next guy is a grown-ass man and it has a happy ending too. So don't so don't get too concerned, but look at this winner he looks like he's, got kids man, it's like a kid walking by homey Oh what you really got: a [ __ ] shadow dude. You are so dumb, not being a grown man. So by the way, do you see the lid I promise you that looks perfectly new when you put it back on yeah, there's no vacuum in our dan. Can you get me some tums I'm experiencing heartburn I, don't know why you got it mm-hmm. Maybe it's the cowboy hat give me in digestion, so this guy looks like he's 40. Thank you. That's part of me part of me partner. Well, I, these anti acids, I, don't miss. Having that you know, I was having it, especially towards the last month of the pregnancy, oh yeah, you were really suffering by the way such an awful feeling, but this guy's, like 40 and the best part like I said, is happy. Ending authorities have located this man Louisiana after he posted a video of himself licking ice cream and poking it and putting it back. Martin returned to Big B's to meet the police. He he showed a receipt alleging. He had purchased the ice cream. He said he didn't think he was doing anything wrong. He explained to us that he wanted to be famous and he didn't think it was a problem. He was arrested on felony charge. I, don't think he actually bought it. I think he was charged. He was arrested. Oh get a load of this guy's face yeah if anyone's gonna lick ice cream and put it back, here's your boy, you're faint I, mean well. This is closer you're gonna get right here right now. What how is licking ice cream gonna make you famous well go, rob a bank or something I, don't know he was charged with criminal mischief that is not kind of the coolest charge ever criminal mischief, no good for tampering with a product before he purchased it. An unlawful posting of criminal activity for notoriety and publicity mm-hmm went down hard. They threw the book at him. Criminal mischief we're moving right along here, whoopsie-daisy Whoopi Goldberg, also known as whoopsie doop, see. Have you ever known, anyone named whoopsie or Whoopi? No! Is that a real name Whoopi, because you also know what B means sex like making whoopee? Oh really, it's like an old-timey is that her real name, Whoopi Goldberg? That's such a bizarre name when I, never thought I, don't think that's for real! It is it's her real name or wait. No, it's carrot. It's a Karen yeah! It's Karen, yeah, Karen's, boring whoopee, whoopsie, doop, see ya, there's a sketch in Tim and Eric, where they called her whoa whoopsie, Goldberg yeah, and then she wouldn't trip and they would go whoopsie Daisy, so forevermore I call her whoopsie whoopsie Goldberg. Also Goldberg's, like a Jewish name, how that's just whoopsie Goldberg her real name is care Karen Johnson from Karen Johnson, the whoopsie Goldberg huh, that's a hell of a stage name: damn do people still do stage name or is that an old thing I think so she'll do? Do you think she would have ever been famous if her name was Karen Johnson think about it? I don't Karin Johnson is sounding like a lawyer. Whoopsie Goldberg I feel appropriated, like is that cultural appropriation for her to be named Goldberg because that's a Jewish as it gets named, Kenny Johnson is like she's, not getting it a nurse lawyer and so bella thorne. You guys know as a model she here. Let me pull up some pictures here. I think there's been a meme about Bella Thorne for a long time of like when's. She gonna do nudes people always say that, because she does wear very provocative pictures of herself on Instagram stuff, but you know she's a young girl and she's attractive and she's fit. So she you know she she's a model. You know it happened recently, yeah that a hacker got a hold of some nude photographs that were on her phone similar to the high hack, that's been up until celebrities and she decided to release them herself on her Twitter account, basically to take the power away from this hacker that was trying to blackmail her saying, like hey, pay me the money or I'm gonna post your note so she's lucky all post them myself, here's her statement, she said I, guess we can't clearly we can't show it no, but you can use your energy nation, that's wait. Should we read that or was it just? It was such a statement. Okay I mean she just I think this was part of it. She just posted. It was like her topless and it's up on her Twitter still. So, if you want to, you know, see some titties there there she said yesterday. As you all know, all my [ __ ] was hacked for the last 24 hours. I've been threatened with my own nudes I feel gross I, feel watched, I feel someone has taken something from me that I only wanted one special person to see he has sent me multiple nude photos of other celebs. He won't stop with me or them he will just keep going for too long I. Let a man take advantage of me over and over and I'm [ __ ] sick of it I'm putting this out because it's my decision now you don't get to take yet another thing from you: I can sleep tonight better. Knowing I took my power back, you can't control my life. You never will here's the photo he's been threatening me with, in other words, here's my boobies, so here [ __ ] you and the last 24 hours I've been crying instead of celebrating my book. While doing my book press, oh yeah, the FBI will be at your house shortly. So watch your back watch your [ __ ] back, which is true by the way, the last guy. That hacks was the fastening. Had the FBI got him good, so don't I would not be [. __ ] around, even if you got these man yeah, don't do that [, __ ]! You will go to jail, that's a guarantee! You will eventually go to jail. The FBI man, they don't [ __ ] around they'll, find you so anyway. Well, anyway, the controversy with whoopsie-daisy comes up. What did you think about her move? I? Think it's great I mean. What else can you do right? I mean it's important. It's I think she did a great thing. I think it was very serious again felt awful. We do one of her options. You know it was. She probably didn't want to post it, but look I think what she did was was was a great move. Yeah. You know [ __ ], that guy and she did take the power away. Cuz, yeah, okay, well, [, __, ] off now. What you have is worthless, yeah, so yeah I, said I. Think it's smart well, I support! It. I mean it's a shitty situation of being yeah but, like she said she was a prisoner to this creep that kept texting her. That's just a nightmare like someone has your phone number, their texts I've been in that situation before they didn't have my pictures of me or anything, but just someone who has got your number and they're texting you and stuff is just so. It feels so violently right. But on top of that to have your nude photos and beep I mean that's just disgusting, so so you know props to her I think it's a I think she handled it. Well, I, don't know much about her backstory, but I. Don't know, apparently, she's been through a lot. I, don't know what she referenced. Someone else, some other relationship, so whoopsie doopsy, makes what is, in my opinion, a whoopsie Daisy and on the view, which is one of the dumbest shows of all time which a bunch of out-of-touch old women argue about. God knows what they're all obsessed, they're all intolerable, it's it's! The trashiest show on television and that's coming from a guy who cannot wait to watch The Bachelorette tonight. So here's a clip of what whoopsy doopsy had to say by releasing the photos herself. Is this the way to do whoopsie-daisy used to be comedian now she's on the view yeah? What the hell happened, her sorry, what they say that was so hilarious. I was busy interrupting her power by releasing the photos herself. Is this the way to do it? Oh she's, fully clothed here, yeah yep, dumbass I saw the picture of her news. I have to be honest. If I had that body, I'd post them at the Food Emporium, that's not the point. That is so not the point, that's. Why is she wearing sunglasses? Probably because she's got [ __ ] cataracts cuz she's 80, okay, but this is almost like if a guy said that it would be so sexist, they would be talking about it on this show about how sexist it is of guys yeah. That's not the point. I mean hello. If a guy said that his career would be over yeah, you know pretty amazing how a show women are so so insensitive, they're clapping. They love that they love that they love that joke round of applause. This is a segment on the show called hot topics you can see in the bottom left: she's wearing gucci sunglasses too, by the way I. Just it just saddens me, these kids, that they have to go through this I guess is the age of social media, but you know for someone to sort of extort her and threatened her with posting these. These pictures- I just you know it. It's I. Just feel that if you don't you don't say, I'm gonna put them in listen. If you're famous I, don't care how old you are. You don't take pictures of yourself in one person, but she said: listen when they're hacking, you they're hacking all of your stuff, so whether it's one picture or a million pictures once you take that picture yeah, it goes into the cloud and it's available to any hacker who wants it and if you don't know that in 2019, but this is an issue you, you I'm. Sorry, your age does not you don't get to do this like anymore, you don't get to do, and I just make a hard copy and put okay whoopsie. You don't get why she angry first. Why is she so angry about that, instead of being angry about the person that put it up or that was distorting her right, but also also Belle, never said she never complained about, like oh I can't she was I can't take nude photos. She was simply saying this. Guy is blackmailing me, he's trying to have power over me and I'm, trying to take it back yeah, but regardless. Her point is that if you're famous or even really, she kind of even says, if you have nude photos at all, yeah you're not entitled to any privacy, because it's 2019 yeah I mean this- is one stupid, [, __, ], sick dude, they probably fished her or something in an email, scam and and somehow whoopsie-daisy has made it Belle's fault. Yeah I mean it's, it's it's an awful take, and it's so weird on a show like this. You I think there would be a little more understanding towards her I. Don't know, let's just find it so well, the one girl angry. Why don't? Why she's so angry she's like pissed off about it? The other girl was like got railroaded, who was trying to defend her, but her tone is like when they're hacking, you, like they're, hacking all of your stuff, so Daisy. The idea to you know make sure it's on the cloud. Yeah I, don't know that it's exactly like that doesn't know anything. All that happen is people are getting in through phishing scams. They send you an email that looks like yeah I get those all the [ __ ] time there. If you're don't know much or if maybe you're, just not paying attention that day. It's easy yeah you log in and then they just keep your [ __. ] whoopsie-daisy has probably done that ten times, but nobody wants to see her [ __ ]. Can you imagine the note of whoopsie Daisy? That's why she's so pissed god you, she probably looks like a you, probably couldn't even tell where her tits start or end. Do you know what I'm saying Gila take that picture? It goes into the cloud and it's available to any who wants and if you don't know that in 2019 this is. Why are you so angry at her? You, you I'm, sorry that I know I, think I know what she's trying to say you know, but that is such a such an awful take to sale and like on television, where you have. You have actual influence over people. I, don't know well sure, I understand what she's trying to say is like if you take nude photos, and especially if your celebrity in this day in here, you got to be careful, yes, but again, Belle's, not even complaining about that she's. Simply talking about one guy yeah, so she's, she's missing the point and blaming her for I mean she's entitled to her privacy. She stole a human being I'm here. You know it the [ __ ], you don't get to do it just make a hard copy and put it in a frame and send him. Why does it have to be the hard copy? Is that the person who has made the picture appear on you think who also has a copper? Yes, sir, wait what that was genius? Were they serious she's that why don't you just put it in a frame? I was like: oh, it's, a stupid joke and then whoopsy goes seriously, but then the other lady goes. Oh I, see what you add a touchhole lady and then this is John McCain's daughter, I learned, who is the conservative voice and when they start talking politics man, you want to [ __ ] put your head through the wall to receive that back when I was dating used to get it all the time right, I will say: Rihanna said in 2009 she had leaked photo. She said they were my boyfriend at the time. You don't send your boyfriend naked pictures, then I feel bad for him. Now I will say: okay, whatever, then what I love these women are the worst I, don't know, they've completely moved on to it. I gotta finish this: that's it I know that I again you got to be a comfortable with it being I. Just assume everything I send a screenshot well and set everywhere, but I will say, but you cannot be surprised that someone is she's, not surprised. She doesn't like being blackmailed. Woopsie doopsy, Daisy Floop, see ya, whoopee cushion Goldberg anyway. My uh, my heart, my heart, goes out to Belle, who bravely pulled out on Bella, see I'm confused with the whole. You got Belle Delphine Bella yeah. What can we get it straight on the pronunciation? I, don't know you know whoopsie whoopsie, Daisy and then Belle got upset. Oh the pur spelling is different. Well here, one hold on they're spelled two ways here in the dock once B know and once b la it's, it's Bella with an A. Yes. Well. That explains why. So here she responds and she's very upset. I'm not gonna lie I want to say that I feel pretty disgusting. You know I feel pretty disgusting won't be knowing everyone's ceiling. You know my [ __, ] and and I just want to say that you're watching this interview made me feel really bad about myself and and I hope, you're, happy I really do it really hope you're, so [ __ ] happy, because I can only imagine all of the kid - it's hard to watch. Yeah he's very upset, but I agree. If I was her. I would feel this because she's so angry and so much anger towards her or no. This is the victim in this generation. No, let's not forget that I. Don't know why she was so yeah angry at her and whoopsie-daisy has not made a apology, which is a whoop of apology issued by whoopsie I can't get over her name. Whoopee oopsy doopsy should I I mean it's just this she's very yeah I. Don't think we need to watch it. She cries and you can imagine um there you have it so I have seen her boobs, as have you seen her boobs mhm yeah they're out there it's weird too, because I feel bad that it's up there, but also at the same times like whatever yeah, it's boobs. You know just yeah I mean right exactly right in yeah you right yeah. Wasn't there another story: I wanted to wrap up, we got whoopsie-daisy, we got ice cream challenge, oh no! We did it all in the face craze there. You go we're on fire, so we got a lot of this Friday we're gonna, be in we're. Gonna really Friday we're going in all business. I'm gonna clear this dock out what you said last Friday people were calling us out. Were they yeah a little bit? Well this on Friday, it's all business, we're gonna be calling it the all business cast. Everyone have fun today. Was it a good show, it's pretty good I enjoyed that presentation. Thank you very much to us I'm thinking. Thank you for the compliment. I got the horses in the back, so I'm gonna back, come by you alright! Well, that's it we'll be back on Friday with another episode: h3, not a podcast, podcast h2 experience h3 show h3! Do we need to worry about, casts behind? We just realized we're not in the hey, I got the waters and I'm a alright guys. I hope you have a terrific week get out there keep your heads up, keep shaking your dicks just grind through it get through it. You know, stay up positive, just [, __ ] get it done, get what to do. What's got to get doing and we're gonna be back on Friday to have more laughs, some more gas to usher in the weekend, but we all get to put our feet up and enjoy because the life's a beautiful thing it's hard work. Sometimes it's tough work sometimes, but eventually there always comes a day where you're gonna have a good day and you're gonna be get to put your feet up, and you can be happy that you did all that work because now you're satisfied, because you know you're, a productive member of society and your feet up, knowing that you had a huge productive day and that you know what life ain't so bad right, ela amen, amen, brother. So we will see you guys on Friday, and we just you know we're just so appreciative. You know it's just so great that you're all here, bye, everybody, [Music] [Music],.