-, hello, Super, Trouper nation. We are here once again, your friends, your comrades, your leaders, your best friends, I, daresay your only friends and a lot in this world that really care about who you are. Everyone else hate you. Yet this is your one place. You can come to get away from all of it because so say it from anyone. You know cut off everybody, you love in your life and come here, watch this Buckeyes every Tuesday and Friday those we are not a cult, but we are truly is not a cult, but we are truly the only ones that actually know and care about you on a real level. They already cause that hi. This is daddy. Foo bhishm Xmas is that this is the weirdest fetish like our Kelly. He had his girls. Call him daddy, I, don't get the whole daddy thing. Why would you want that? Why would that be well? You're, go to like I. Don't know, there's a lot wrong with that guy, so yeah he's going to prison. Oh thank you to rake on rake on here, but thank you to them to sponsor this episode of the podcast. This is freeform baby, we're out here me and ela. We out here doing it our way like Burger King, but it tastes good, we're off the rails. This is no yeah, our Kelly's going to prison. They got him and I think they. They took his bail away as well. I, don't know if he's going to prison, yet you know well some on somehow it's still undecided like what is there to decide. Well, he needs a try. It's clearly up to no good by my boy, Dan correct me if I'm wrong, but they they removed the possibility of him posting bail because he's a flight risk so he's in prison, correct he's in jail and the technique is in jail awaiting he's real waiting trial exactly and usually you'd be able to post a bail yeah, but because he's a flight same with with everything which that they're like dude, that's the one I was thinking it's kind of funny. It's the one time being a billionaire is there's a drawback kind of always a plane. Yeah I mean like of all the scenarios in the world, you're like damn. This is the one time I don't want to be a billionaire, because the judge is like there's no bail. I can give you where you're not gonna, just bounce to Saudi Arabia, but at the same time and being a billionaire is the only reason he's not in jail up until now. That's a very good point, you know so maybe billionaire in the long run was a good thing for him and then no jociel opinion got your purse controversy. Yeah I mean from what I'm reading lately. Apparently so many people knew about it for so long Epstein man that guy crazy, crazy business, I, don't know if we could talk about it. This early in the show I feel like, and it is actually true the YouTube Raiders they give you more. Like you talk about the more controversial stuff towards the end you can get away with more. Are you sure you want to say this because I forgive another shooting yourself already said: that's their policy? Okay, it's not like a loophole. It's their actual policy like they have a policy of like if you curse within the first 30 seconds. You're gonna get screwed, but you can they give you more leeway towards the end because they know no one's watching or maybe that's just our show, but at the scene yeah we should. We should talk about that after the break, because I can't even say the guys name without Raiders being like huh, they got their finger of the mature button. Let's talk about some good news. Before we get into that, TMZ saves YouTube. Let me say that again: TMZ sent me an email that completely blew me away. I mean this is unprecedented, proactive, so commendable policy, I'm gonna read this email. I am just I'm floored by this TMZ save YouTube hello. So, by the way just to preface this story, we showed a lot of teams Eclipse in our previous episode with the baby boss and they claimed our videos and I disputed them, which is like we don't. Even make money on this podcast anymore, because every episode has like 10 to 20 different claims. By the time you dispute the mall. It's like the money gets lost. You know. Youtube says that you're supposed to get money from this escrow account I have not some evidence of that ever happening. I have a feeling like that a skort doesn't even exist. You know where that escrow account is YouTube chase account YouTube, um, yeah, yeah, rainy day funds yeah. What do you call it that little piggy bank yeah yeah they're like yeah? It's an escrow account what they mean is we keep the money and you [ __ ] idiots, keep fighting actually I've been talking to my rep I'm, like ha I'm like okay, when do I get paid? Is there any proof? That's what I'm trying to get at I saw him on his ass I'm like okay, so I won this dispute a month ago. There's no earnings! It says it's at zero, so where's the money at because we should have seen a spike like there's, no spike, there's no earning. Because, okay, let me get back to you! Then he comes back to me, says: okay, so you're you get it three months later and you should see in a spike good luck. Good luck! Following up on that, but so I'm, good I'm gonna, keep writing his ass and I'm gonna say: is there any evidence? I need evidence on the server sit, but how like this is a high level guy in YouTube, and nobody can show me evidence it's not in my an oh, then he goes. It's won't showing your analytics. So imagine there is so. Where are we listen? We need receipts here, yeah and HD podcast, so I'm on I'm on them, hot, because I want to I want to know that the system's actually working, because so far this guy who's super high up in YouTube. A friend of mine has not yet been able to confirm that any of that money from that supposed escrow account has come to me like it's a nice story. They know and everyone's like okay, cool escrow account but I as far as I'm aware no but ever been paid out. So all these well, these big companies are getting paid. Mm-Hmm. Other thing a lot of people just don't dispute it. Yes, so many of our friends whenever we ask I'm like what did you do about it? Nothing I don't want to deal with it. What yeah I don't know, I think it's just it's very intimidating. It is, and you have a special ability to handle this stuff. I feel like it been through a lawsuit, the only one in the history of all [ __ ] platform. Even still you get into the details of it and you're like wait. What is the law and they're like I'm gonna understand the law which someone else wouldn't do? First of all, you thank you for the compliment you woke up in second of all. You're right I would have never gotten in that lawsuit. To begin with, if I didn't care about the details, mm-hmm because from the beginning, I was like [ __ ], you yeah this videos, fair use, [, __, ], and so and and well now, when I write my so it the legal language of the YouTube DMCA is written to discourage people from abusing it. So they write a very scary. Little do they know I'm starting to understand as I learn more and more about these claimed farms. Is that they're all so scared they're only able to get away with what we allow them to, because it's just a bunch of people sitting in a room trying to claim and gobble up as much money and they rely on people's hesitancy and unclick and I think says: if anyone is being shady, it's them. What are you doing? You're actually making content ELA, of course, I'm fully convinced that if there was some large-scale class-action lawsuit in some way organized it's hard to find a law. Honestly I just think they're exploiting a huge legal loophole, but they know that the thing is, you have to prove bad faith and I. Think the simple fact of their existing a claim farm proves I, think is provable and if you subpoena those emails with the managers and all the people making Commission on claims, you're gonna find bad faith out that ass, maybe, but it wouldn't be so like we'll- have to be like a federal investment like a criminal investigation like FBI [, __ ], more than I. Actually look at everyone's emails, but who knows you know yeah if if I was uh, Atlantic Records, the FBI would be so far up their ass. They be [ __ ] in Mexico right now trying to hide from the feds. But the point is that they're, just as scared of someone rebutting them as you are of them, because the legal language, a document and now when I get a complaint, a claim does what I say and I think I'm the only one on YouTube who can say this [ __ ], well, that you can cite it mm-hmm, I, say: I have previously fought, fair use in court or not in court and I have previously fought. I lost a lawsuit and won and I go in parentheses, who Saints Auto V Klein I am prepared to defend my right of fair use. You need to remove this claim immediately. Supination guess what happens? They always drop the [ __ ] case, but I think that all the other youtubers out there could cite the legal precedent too. I mean who say you could say: fair use has been previously defended on YouTube and Husayn. Fine and fair use what won a resounding victory. That this case is precedent that you have no claim to this video and you must drop it immediately so because, when you just send that to some dumb intern who's, just as scared as you, you know, as their instructions are hey just [, __ ], you know they're just like easy money, they're just gobbling up easy money when they get something like that. Like hey mother from someone mentioning lawsuits and legal precedents to like [ __ ] this also for them, it's like a quantity game right right. So if one responds with a scary thing, they'll just drop it because never really 100%! Yes! So that's! The preface of this is that TMZ claimed all her. Videos like it happens all the time, but they sent me this email a couple days ago. They says hello, my name is Maddie and I run YouTube operations for TMZ I just wanted to reach out, and let you know that I've seen some consistent disputed claims from your channel and after review, I've decided to whitelist your h3 podcast channel and a new podcast highlights channel. Let me know if you have any questions or concerns you also. She also Maddie providing me their direct line. She said he or she I'm, not sure. If it's it's Matt, it could be a girl. Yeah really like right could be a girl right. Then yeah, let's go with yeah. Yes, Maddie. Okay, you have my direct line. If anything comes up in the future and provided me their direct communication, I mean that I was blown away. I was like dude that is so mature. That is so nice. This is what we need more of, and this equals so nice to actually have communication to write from TMZ of all people. To you know, team Z surprised me consistently. Somehow these guys seem to do the right thing yeah, besides for being like also, on the other hand, vultures but they'd small paparazzi thing yeah the whole paparazzi thing that you know besides harassing Justin besides for the very essence of their existence. No, but this was a really great email that I I was like wow as a classy thing to do. I never even considered such a thing. So now is the perfect time to start for us to start reloading their content in its entirety. All right like what call a tea pot got slash, TMZ, sorry, uploading, all the paparazzi videos, no I'm kidding, take note other companies out there. This is a this is a huge huge play. A huge, an uber match play mm-hmm. Excuse me, uber match sounds very Nazi. Doesn't isn't it wait? What no a mensch? What does it? Not man, yeah uber match yeah a super mensch. Yes, they say that. Well, why not see cuz, it's German! Uber is very German. Word really I. Don't know it was German. It was very Nazi. Word I feel like it means above it means better than and the the the German term for like the master race sounds just like that they say I, don't think it's meant well, so that's what they call this in the uber race, greater race, the soup yeah, so Wilbur is superior to taxi to what it's a regular taxi. Is that one like uber, the app? Oh yes, exactly uber, oh no it it is ubermensch yeah, uber. Mitch, know that that oh no, no, no, but met but see Mensch must be yeah. It means something different in german uber man. Looking at the wikipedia article right now it comes from Nietzsche, the philosopher. Oh hell, yeah we're going we're going deep here, but yes Nazism. That is the term connecting übermensch ubermensch concepts or theories is not well. Maybe they are over man and a bench is a concept in the philosophy of free of of Nietzsche, not now I'm. Now, let's click [ __ ] it I'm in it. Let's see it means Superman beyond man over man. Hyper okay is a concept by Nietzsche, a a goal of humanity is set for itself. It is a work of philosophical allegory, with a structural similarity to some other [ __ ] I've, never heard of. But it's like what we should what we should strive to be super humans in the the origin of it. It had a more you know, not Blair, yes, not with low eyes and all that co-opted by the know. There's like it was like ubermensch yeah. We should be super attractive, that's what he meant arm. Well, that's a preference. We should all have blue eyes and blonde hair. That's what he meant by the way I feel like that is I. Just learned a lot I only I didn't never heard of that. We educate here on the h3 podcast, because I always I heard like the Aryan race, I heard those stones goober much there. You know and on the other hand, I knew of meet you, but I. Don't know you connecting dots here. Where's trans ma world, all of a sudden yeah, but I felt that the concept of the Nazi ubermensch is a weird one, because honestly I know like maybe maybe Hitler liked to [ __, ] blonds, but fair skinned is deaf far from ubermensch, like those [ __ ] just drop dead when they Sun hits their skin like black people, don't get like skin cancer. Nearly as much as like you take some of these redheads from like Ireland, you just had fetish. Probably blonde blue, yes uberman CH like crunch the numbers: do that's not even genealogy or whatever you eugenics right, it's how they call it yeah. If technically, if you wanted to do like survivability darker skins, better right, Dan, yeah, that's that's right! That Africans are the real master race. That's what we're learning here today! Well, they're! Also the original race that that's true and apparently Jesus was blocked too. If you go back far enough, we're striving off path. So, in short, thank you. I've got this anecdote about Zach our sound lad. That's the sound lad! We went shopping. His dad is a is a real estate agent and he showed us a couple houses and they narked on Zach. So hard he's not here today, but I guess we'll have to follow up with him on Friday you're gonna be listening and I didn't ask for [ __ ]. His mom came to for some reason, so both of his parents were they're. Nice people really great people. Total ubermensch is uberman, Chester, they're Jewish. So that's an internment. That's an under man. I speak a little German they're men, and so first they say he's that got a haircut because he has this long luxurious, hair, yeah, wait what yeah he got a haircut. Then they go. He broke up with his girlfriend, which apparently is been dating. This girl for a long time and I'm like I, wonder if that has anything to do with Belle Delphine, sniffer underwear. Oh no and then I find out that Zac narked cuz I was saying that we were looking for a new house and Zac narked on me to his dad who's, an agent and then his dad. He didn't want to give my information to his dad because he respects my privacy and his dad ends up getting out of him because he gave him a two hundred dollar Commission for the lead by the way, I never said, [, __ ], this all came out of them and then finally, the Coupe de Gras was that they said he was sucking on a pacifier till he's five years old and the only way they could get him to stop is by doing a pacifier ceremony where they destroyed it. In a flame like they all held hands and say goodbye to his pacifier, what that that one's, not real nice, sweats, [, __, ] God in life, they've met they volunteered all this information, I didn't, say: [ __ ]. They literally just showed up to embarrass him, but so we have a lot to talk about on Friday their characters. His dad is a funny man he's like mr. realtor, you know he's got a convertible Mercedes. You know his mom was rocking the Gucci shoes. Is he big enough? Does he have a job ads? We see him around town. Do you see? What do you see? You know how like Realtors, they always have those cheesy photos that they put on like yeah he's about that. That's low-level [, __, ], he's mister. Let me make some calls. You know he's got the pocket listings. You know what I'm saying right yeah. It really does he's guys like yeah. He made our current realtor look like a [, __ ] little I want to say it. Actually, you know what what am I doing? What are you doing? They all listen to this. You know this is what's problem here like I, and this is so ridiculous right now, I just realized that our realtor listens to this show and he always comments to me about it. No, it's just what it is. I mean this is the world that we live in. Well, if I can't like how am I supposed to do the show, if I'm, not picking Oh was my realtor gonna think about what I say like how could I live? My life like this because ultimately I'm here for you people and I'm, the only one that is here for you yeah, remember that well Karl. If you are listening to this, don't worry we're still with you baby and sax dad if you are listening, we're still [ __ ] we're actually not even looking for a house. This is just saying: there's no house I live in a hole, I feel like I, have a feeling, and so I was feeling that Karl only listens surface-level for chitchat. So if he brings this conversation up, then I'll know he's a real fan thing as I know. Zacks dad's gonna hear this because obviously Zack works on the show and he's gonna show it to him, but the real test. So Karl. If you bring this up to me a conversation now then then you're, my guy, because your truth, yeah and there's there's really no way, there's nowhere in a bubble that someone's gonna listen be like hey Carl. Did you hear this all right? It's just Carl yeah yeah! Meanwhile, Zacks dad's, like nobody, please [, __ ], tell Carl Zach's dad wants that Commission. So bad I can feel the desperation out of it out of the phone. When I talk to him, I gotta make sure Zack it's like more than 200 bucks. If he ends up selling me a house, that's true cuz, the Commission on that [ __ ] isn't huge as that got ripped off. Yeah $200 the lead. This is a hot lead. Zack. You sold my ass out for 200 bucks I'm worth more than that bro you'll be fair. You did say that he had to really squeeze yeah well, that [ __ ] and these that need a lady's, a lead. The dad his dad goes, his dad was I had to pay, it sack 200 bucks and then a mom is like he's just kidding because she's like maybe don't, isn't it fine you're in a family, the mom is so sane and then the dad is such a character like what what is going on with what is going on. What is that anomaly and why there's a mom always like families, where it's the opposite, I've, never I, have hmm a friend of high school, whose mom was just total off the wall, and our dad was just so stoic. Okay well hold on your dad. Was your family. What your dad was stoic and you're. What is pretty whacky? What what is stoic? It's just serious! No, but, like my dad was such a character he's like insane. Well, okay, those are two different because your dad's, not okay. You know what the point is again, we're being we're going way off back there so tizzy, but in short, thank you to TMZ. That should be a thing whenever we go off track. In short, thank you to TMZ it, but but was funny as Zach's. Dad was like I pay, him 200 bucks and then the mom was like I could tell she was like don't this is funny I say he's kidding, he's kidding, yeah and I. Look at them both in. Like he's not kidding. I know he did, but he's good he's really trying to help, and we do appreciate it. So it's not so, but if Karl you are listening, then I got to cut him out of the picture. Well, see I, don't think Karl will say anything cuz. This is what are we in like 30 minutes, Dan uh 23, so he might mmm I mean maybe we should put somewhere. We should put his name in the title: Karl don't leave. Sachs dad is like setting him on a goose chase, like hey he's, like at his house like I'm, plugging this Internet, okay, okay, the great anecdotes, a full of anecdotes here on the HD podcast Ethan Bradberry, is back in the news. Bradbury be good to your mother. Hila made the most hilarious observation last night we were going over this stuff. She goes Ethan Bradberry at this point is just making content for us because we need to watch and you guys need to what we're talking about. But I was telling you thing like: do you understand what's happening here and we're watching a video that he basically made for us? It was like because I feel like what is our life? It's so funny that Cracknell, because it's so true because I don't think this content has any inherent entertainment value to anyone else, except us and viewers of the show, like the regula, had by the way the regulars doing well so I feel like almost a hundred thousand views and it started at five thousand. It was which was also general buddy yeah, that's true, but that was such a funny point. You uh and I feel like Ethan Bradberry is putting on this Godfather persona is so heavy that he's blurring the lines between meme and real, so much that nobody knows what's going on and I giving around his friends and his family don't know what's going on with Ethan like he came on this show and he's like. What's the mean? What's the mean, and now he's so far down the meme hope he doesn't know who he is anymore yeah, but let's start here he's in the upside down words. So he's keeps going down this meme hole of like the god, the Brad, the the Bradbury father. The Godfather is a better way to say that the berry father I, like that, so it's all about could be good to your mother, Andy, Joe, Gambino region to the front of me and heart of Brooklyn New, York City, you be good to your mother coming great, that's good! Keep it that way. She hasn't given me a call in about two months and drink it wrong, Rossum, let's not call them. No, it's not I, see the cream and sugar come over yeah I'm becoming almost such passionate, kisses and bigger to your mother being rate to your mother. Keep it that way, capiche got beat, listen, I might take you down to the church and then the pair right after cuz, you've been good too, but it may be even said to tamp like to get the jazzing about that. He forget about it, who you get or what the area I think his friend is just so flustered by this and they're standing so close together for audio listeners, they're standing like an inch from each others face, and you can just screaming in his face his friend just- is trying to keep up he's flustered and I love how he calls him he goes. House of the coffee is at raw and the raw as we've decoded. It means black coffee and he goes. Is it raw and he goes it's the raw, so they're all trying to me him trying to get he's like no, it's not. It's not I, see the cream and the sugar who are you kidding and that ain't raw, so he set him up and then he knocked his ass down. Could you can you imagine Ethan Bradberry, ask you? Is it raw and you say no I'm fear for my life, the man's a psycho I dare tell Ethan Bradberry, it's not wrong, so the new logic is that if Ethan didn't, gonna call didn't get a call from your mom, then you've been good to you. Amaya see at first I thought it was bad that the mom did write in on it yeah, but as we've decoded exactly you are not getting. A call from the mom is good because he's been good to his mother. So if you have been giving your mother troubles, she would be call him and she call Ethan to say yeah, be good to your mother. I got a call. What do you do two months ago, Ethan Bradberry I, need you to straighten out my son. Ain't be good to me. You've been good to your mother. I've been great to my mother. What does that mean? How great can you be to your mother? What are you doing for your mother? You've been great to your mother. What does he send bride? Where is mom? Think about him? You better bet if Ethan Bradberry is not great to his mom, who answers for that mo mo is the ultimate. Let's read the caption here, always a pleasure catching up with Andy Ricci at 5:30 a.m. if you ever never catch him. You can find him in the root of New York City strolling the streets just to remind him of a straight streak, streak streak. Why might streak I felt like it said steak, but sorry at aneurysm, his Street continuing to be good to his goddamn mother? Oh he's on a streak. Okay, remind him on his streak, can do I'm confused with this written because it doesn't. This doesn't make sense, remind him on his streak, continuing to be good to his goddamn mother. It's just one less mother ringing, my phone ranting about their kids to me and it and it brings me tons of joy- be good and stay out of trouble. Kids, capiche, [, __, ] yeah. The only comment that shows is how the f is. This N word verified because you don't understand because you're not good to your mother. So anyway, that's the new stick and it just goes deeper and deeper, and so that's it so pre lewd to the regular to which just recently came out called the regular Megillah, and you need to know about the mother paradigm to really understand the regular schmegle. Does anyone follow I think they follow is let's we got to take a break Dan. We have to take a break right yeah. So let's do it well, we'll come back to it. So it's a short break. We only have one sponsor so I'm gonna run to the bathroom. So if I'm, not back immediately, if you see a empty chair, give me like ten seconds. Okay, all right see you guys in a minute it's 2019 ela. Everyone needs a great pair of wireless earbuds and before you go dropping hundreds of dollars on a pair, you need to check out these wireless earbuds by Ray. Khan ray Khan is doing it right. Let me show you this slick little design. Do you see that that's cute? Is that a tiny little box with a charging port? So you got the buds inside the port and if you're on the go, all you do is plug it in you, keep it all together and charges inside how slick, as that is pretty awesome, it's magnetized. So it's super satisfying to open and close I love. It inside you've basically got the CIA's top secret technology. It's so slick, and it's so advanced pops right into the ear like a beautiful dream. What really blows my mind is actually the quality of the audio you get out of this little device. I mean this. This is truly from the CIA from the government. This is top secret technology and here's what something else that you don't see us other people, including I've, got a weird ear hole. I got an XL ear hole you uh, do you do I? Think I do I, think I'm Excel, so you know they've got X, they got extra small to extra large so that you, this is gonna figure ear like a dream. The quality is amazing, they f. It is amazing. The price is even better folks compared to what's outside out there. The competition give me a break dude guys. It comes with free shipping on all USA orders, you got free returns and a one-year warranty so really give it a shot. You got nothing to lose. They are stylish discreet. There's no dangling no stems it's a bluetooth headphone with all the great sound and the great looks look at all these color options. Here you've got pink a black brown blue white and also my favorite color forget about it because you need these ray cons. Go to buy rake on Comm, slash, h3, to get 15% off your order. That's buy rake on Comm / h3 for 15% off rake on wireless earbuds. If you been I in a pair now's the time to get an amazing deal so one time guys, bye, recon, calm, /h, three beautiful [Music], hey mom nation, then I would see. This is what we need sponsors. We need more sponsors. You know we're back so Brad so down the Bradbury hole. We are wait, we're so much further down the Bradbury hole than I ever anticipated. That being said, let's pop up where I died, a site like this is like a wormhole. That's a really good analogy: we're in UFO territory. You know how black holes apparently tear the fabric of space-time cuz they're. So heavy it's like nobody knows. What's at the center of a black hole, the singularity it's the regulations now when he'll for the first time, so here's the regular to the regular Megillah. So right now that's 4,000 views and that's even after the success of the first one, which was a smash hit I like that, but there's a cult following for this. Now: let's throw it to the comments real fast, been waiting for this Papa blessed be good to your mother capisce. That's me, Wow be good to your mother. Capisce I! Don't want any more mothers right give my line! Issue podcast has entered the chat yeah. Well here we are: let's watch love the house. This therapy cop ready to eat some [ __, ], pissed I, feel like you would know better than that. Oh come on Ethan. What are we doing? It wait. Wait! I, don't remember that. Why is he on the John taking photos? What's he taking photos of sitting naked on the toilet? I think he's just checking his phone. You know like watching some thought it looked like he was taking a photo like look he's deaf. Oh, maybe not! Maybe he's watching some heels. Yeah, there's a reveal in a moment so watching his own bro, what that's the intro who's, taking a [ __ ] watching the first one and then yeah I think he's watching this one. Oh he's mine, yeah, it's like nested in itself, film. This is the owl production slavery. Keep up. Are you kidding? So here's the gang, hey, I, love. What watch? First of all, there's a couple things to keep faster. First of all. Tennessee, then, is just barely hanging in there. What is he on I? Think he's just on like he's on the rock he's on. You know what he's in withdrawal from pranks yeah he's just he's barely hanging on, he doesn't even know. What's he doesn't know? Why he's there he doesn't understand, but he's like I'm gonna, keep an open mind. What won't go along with you guys. Look these guys have been through a lot together, he's right or die so I respect that, but when he thin Bradbury calls, then the crew for a regula yeah he's like well, you know and and and Dennis see, he's view of centric. This is the the brain master of spider-man. Exactly so when Ethan Bradberry pitches us the Dennis II, who sees himself as really the the brains he's he's more than he's the so G was the director that made jaws Steven Spielberg. He Spielberg of the gang he's the director and Ethan Bradberry pitches, the regula he says, Tim we go into Starbucks and I, asked for the regula and then I started screaming and I pour a cup of coffee and to Dennis II he's thinking, nobody's gonna watch this nobody's gonna watch it doesn't make sense. Ethan's lost his mind yeah. He still read your diet, that's the face that you'll see on Tennessee right now and then the other face that you want do want to follow is mo. Somehow, just only is fixated on this dude like he really wants to [ __ ], this dude there's no other interpretation nuttin yeah. Now, let's start over good Carla should I not spas. It's six minutes. I'm gonna come apart now, you're gonna, possibly give it a little bit: okay. Either you tell me what I'm good okay I'm a poly before them get - [, __, ], yeah, big news. Man just got Tommy Wiseau vibes, yeah, the music good look at mo. Okay, sorry, I gotta go back already, look at mo in the home. We face they're practically about the two of them: I'm, not listen, even but mo, so the other dude is awkward and he looks away because they're having like this stare off but mo never back down from the stare off as you'll, see. Okay, I'm! Sorry, no don't go back. No. We watched it to New York City I've been heading down to the church and bouncing up. There were a few friend of Mines I'm thinking, I've included a few Finn of Mines I'ma. Get to these guys in a second and I won't be where the bottom introduced them to you. I've been getting a lot of confusion to what this wrong. This regular rich was anyways I got a dentist cut up front of me on our now open I got Andy Ritchie to the Rebbe. Hey, listen! Welcome to your brother, Boone, all yeah! We were tap dancing and let me tell you son you're, like cool about 40 mm, you love the ring. He gets super violent with the ring, sometimes I'm afraid he's gonna break it, but the regular ritual he throws to the spoon. That's my favorite. You know I'm not trying to pause this last time. I got a mother call on my phone ringing. My life was about two months ago. She tells me she sees Johnny and Muno tap-dancing on a beefcake under the Verrazano Bridge and I said to myself. Daisy I hang up the phone right then, and there I got Johnny Johnny you've been good to your mother. We got g-men the man with the game. I got Kenny, Caruso, stop gonna, be nicer. What [ __ ] nice or what'd? They did a switch. A rule word Mo's the crazy one. Now, why did he say it twice? I feel like they totally switched, there's so weird like. If you throw back to the beach pranks when Ethan is like scaring mo yeah, anything is like circling. Circling mo and staring him down and being like What. Did he say what did he say to him now? Let me pull that up for reference, because you guys have to know about the role reversal. Dude has I guarantee you. You will not find this level of in-depth analysis of the bradbury brothers anywhere else like what the hell we're like us. We are. We are historians of the Bradbury's Beach pranks Bradbury brothers. Now the end of this video um. Why can I not remember it's killing me? We always like my friends. You bet we did about with him, so he but he's like visibly angry. That's the part here watch this. We had so much right on behind the scenes, make sure you go the back, so he wasn't a crazy unpredictable one, but now I feel like moto, that roll things that you've been talking to me nice, a walk, been [, __, ], nice, a walk, there's been a lot of confusion, I, don't know. What's going on, most [ __ ] lost it, but with the brother like Ethan, it was only a matter of time. You've been talking nice. So what you've been talking, Nautica record scratch. You have the same mother, they're brothers, so I think they finally moved out of that grandma house I, don't think so on the table yeah. No, this plastic, [, __ ]. What's the point living a house where plastic covers every goddamn thing the table is covered in plastic like the trees are covered in plastic. This appears to be covered wow. What is this a crime scene or a goddamn living room? Dexter like we goofed on them for that like five years ago and well, I? Guess it's not their couch. What if it is their couch I think it is cuz. Look at that poster! Oh you just put it over in the painting at that hour, are you guys still living at home? Yeah you guys gotta, move out and they're bringing all these people over. That's I was just about to anything that he's good to his mother. That ain't good you Martin get to the mother good point. You know Wow evidence to the contrary, but I'm I'm amazed that he was able to pull together so many dudes for this nonsense. You know at 5:30 a.m. to apparently, but anyway they got the wrong. So let's continue as to what this war is. What this regular ritual is is the raw is the most strongest purest form of coffee formula out there. I want dismission because I feel like it helps with your thinking. What are you out of your lab rabbit rabid-ass, mind? That's right, Oh, rabbit s, fine, it's it's intelligible! If there was a subtitle, it would say, intelligible unintelligible, the opposite of intelligible saying you can't understand it right is intelligent, is intelligible, come on eat then Maddie mine, maybe, should be a subtitle intelligible. We need a fart mic like Tama Christina I, just farted, but you guys can hear it anyway. Oh, it smells so bad though sometimes your farts just get that next notch of smell or you're like oh, your mother can smell it. We got going on over here, I'm missing another cup who got my other color and I seen you robbed my cup I think it's a slave cops. These [ __ ] are driving around and like out it like $150,000, please, but they still live at their parents, shoot at their parents else nice. So we have the coffee already prepared. They don't have what we're looking for in that raw shop, we're gonna slam with the regular ritual you ready as long as you're good Oh. What did that frame say you put it right and he hit it yeah. It's not in my document, though. Why isn't it in my document? He's been it's not really that profound he hit it. He hit us with a with a hidden frame here. It was that like 1 250 or something right, we're gonna slip. Well, what the regular bit yeah [, __ ] was right after that already, so he had it his off. If you just know how to seek with them, it's not worried, and oh that's, nice. Oh you're, secure, bro, you're, a legend. Ok, he says dear future of Bradbury. This is a secret frame allowed me not to get attached to anything that isn't written for me and grant me patience and times of hardship and raw. We trust I. Think so that's a hidden message: Jerry there's just one frame right, one frame: what does it mean? Actually, maybe more than one frame? It's actually get that wrong. One two three frames yeah! So cuz you definitely notice it. You know you notice it anyway. As long as you go to your mother got beige yeah, but you got to understand the raw to the Roy's up there. What do you think advanced style? I love this? It really has to becoming the silent legend actually including Dennis yeah, just because he goes along with them. That's what I'm saying bro! You know you guys hit him with that three minute and a half intro, that's the hallmark of the regula. You hey, I gotta hit him with that Bradbury into it Oh at 75%. In that's what makes the regular the schmegle I love it. So this is my another thing with the like epic b-roll and then just suit like cut to our iPhone like epic Stacia Johnny come over, you -, oh yeah, I've done a call from your mother's. Hmm, not good in Sam, be good to your mother's capiche lady, but they say having gonna call from your mother in about a month. Oh that contradicts what he's saying good said: okay great, come on babe kiss his lots of kisses. That's that got beat up a lot. - kissing lots of tender kisses, get it going. Joe come on babe. He said he got a call, but they say he didn't get a phone I wonder who called it them Bradbury, taking the lead like Reservoir Dogs to the nearest Starbucks [Music] buckle up I like how he calls it the Ross shop yep horse, how you doing it. So let me get the regular, regular, regular schmegle angles. They got angles, regular Megillah! Let me get a lot like live regular smegal so well hold on I'm confused now, because the raw is just black coffee, yeah and he's at Starbucks asking for the regula, which, as far as I know, is just a black coffee. Yeah I guarantee you. That is what you want. She's like a regular large coffee, that's the raw, but then she calls it coffee and he's like no okay. It's a terminology issue cuz. She almost served him yeah. Then she clarified but I wonder if it I wonder if the video, what it just ended amicably, she handed him a black coffee. You know but I'm like I'm like Ethan. That's what you want! That's raw, a regular coffee. Yes, that's the regular! You know you brought your own cup, you ready to go, they do have it! That's! What's so frustrating to me Ethan they have it. You ordered it. You go I! Think the fear sets in dynasty board shorts and polo. What's the point of rain the coffee machine, it's not plugged into anything. So that's epic! We are uncomfortable the manager. Where is the generator? Not good mother? The manager picked at the lowest point, nine one one watch it get it bad bear. You know he can really get a good scream. Yeah I was just yelling a public kind of his thing. He's gotta talk that managers on the phone with the police guess you're, just laughing at them to everyone's kind of just they've got black coffee. Then we get it going so again, there's no. This is covered. One of them was super wet. So again, there's no intrinsic entertainment value to anyone who doesn't I mean the original one doesn't have any intrinsic value until I mean until we found it, yeah it's like Oh, or that you need to refine it's like. Have you seen a gold nugget, a raw gold nugget? It's does it's not a beautiful or a diamond, even as a better example. A raw diamond just looks like a chunk of stone, but you need someone to find the diamond to polish it and to chisel it until it's beautiful to bring out its luster a diamond in the rough. It's true is what the expression you know means and I really do think. The regular should be called the rough, because it's a diamond in the rough and at this point but I have a lot of confusion. Now, Ethan, because you've been very consistent with the terminology. They have the raw 1 &amp; 2. If you're gonna tell me that your coffees more raw that you brought from Long Island, that's been stale for like 2 hours, then a Starbucks, that's what I'm saying where's the generator I mean you got right: ela bring I, bring a gas-powered generator. I, don't like the coffee machines is something yeah, the regular hot. So here's what I page, here's what we need for part 3 yeah, bring a generator into the Starbucks. You got to pull the string and get the gasps the the gasoline motor generating heat, and then you warm the pot irregular and then forget about it. You know, that's, like you, see, I like to see him set up outside of Starbucks and try to sell it. Yes, power generator. There's a lot of you got any other ideas, I'm sure the list like some people will buy it. [ __, ], God help, but yeah I think you're right. Someone might recognize him. You have any other ideas. I like that idea. What did you have to bring more cups than five yeah? That's true! That's true! Hmm Ethan. What else I think, if you shaved your head and eyebrows it would be funny Dragonball, Z style, that's Joe. He is kind of gone Super Saiyan. What can we do? I mean? That's, that's a good party Danny see it needs an upgrade of some kind. I think he's proven himself enough. I think Tennessee needs to be walking around like a giant, Cup costume. Remember a Aqua Teen Hunger Force, the cup like he should go dressed as a giant cup that was Master Shake. Thank you, then I, don't think you would he's above that yeah he's a director he's Spielberg Danny C Berg that doesn't work. Dennis, Berg, um, Dennis Bay. Let's move it on! That's a lot! That's a lot of regular. We have a lot of fun on our HD podcast. Do we not? We learn? We listen. We grow. We thrive here together if you're listening, I just want to say here we are boys, listen, I, listen! There's anyone I, don't know that anyone's listening. They turn it off by now yeah I'm saying most people are not listening at this point. It's incredible that people, listen though it is I still don't really think about it. That, like actual people, listen, listen to this right! Well, I! Don't have any actual proof like you see the numbers, but well. No, that's not Trevor I've run into people who were listening as they said hi. So that's my proof. That's my only proof. Did you look at the phone, though I didn't actually hear it yeah. Nor did I look at the phone to confirm it was what they were listening to. So we should talk about something else. Oh it was me alone. You know so man spreading chairs man spreading chairs. Now, let's move on to something even more important, get a load of this lady. Look at her smarmy dumb face you're, so stupid, you're, just annoying so I'm gonna show her I'm gonna set up her whole argument. What do I have a problem did I say something wrong either. Well, look how smug she is about these stupid, [, __, ] chairs, so I read the article okay, Wow, mrs. read the article: what are you in a woman's chair right now? I'm gonna be on her side for a moment. Okay, she doesn't take herself that seriously. She said she does see the humor in it and it was meant to start a conversation about women taking more space in life. That's interesting that she it's a metaphor yeah, because the article, the crimes who knew very serious about how she won awards. Yes, she did win an award, but the work is not to start selling these chairs at Starbucks. Now it's it's an art piece. It's a design piece, but with more like to start a conversation, hey are you done yeah I just made some wine deal. Look at her! Look how smarmy she is her arms across just like her. My legs should be at all time. No I'm kidding. That's a fair point. It's good that we we don't paint with too broad of a brush here right. You look. Yeah, no I, see boats knives on this one. What, because I I kind of said he's fine yeah, that's all inside, but but people are taking this seriously exactly. Let's put and also it's more fun, it's more interesting. If we take it from that route, it can't be so reasonable that this shows boring. You know I'm saying get out of here with them. Stop with this reason and logic. In fairness, you know it's not entertaining you've been good to your mother. I've been great to my mother. Okay, we should call our moms. You should check in on my mama Ethan be good. Together, he's been great to me, the end of manspreading student fed up with men and fridging on her public space wins National, Design Award for creating chair that restricts how they sit now, who the [ __ ] I mean somebody gave her an award. So what it is is that the woman's chair forces the woman to sit with their legs open and the man's chair forces the man to sit with his legs closed mm-hmm. So I don't really understand this solving problem, because they're just they're passing the problem all over to women yeah well, who don't even have a preference to sit with their legs open and I know many times. Do I need to explain this. Why don't? Why? Don't nobody? Listen to me! Men have a dick and a balls, there's there's precious thing, there's all the sensitive tissues in between our legs that restrict us from sitting. Do you understand that women sit with their legs closed because it's more comfortable and Men sit with their legs open, because it's more comfortable, you have a vagina, you idiot it nothing hangs out. It's easy. It would be great if I could sit with my legs closed, but it's not convenient, especially a fat. Chubby I got huge size, there's no space for anything down there. Do you understand? You know they won't know it. So they won't even acknowledge that though Gila they never, they won't even acknowledge. Oh, you want to know everything anything I want you to open the article. Yes because then they have pictures of people sitting on the chairs and all look so sad I want you to show it you're on my side. Finally, thank you scroll down, yeah there's a few I mean the woman. Looks ridiculous. Yeah, that's, okay! Okay! This is how Minson, how does it feel you don't have a penis, and this bro has been cast straighter if I see a guy like this he's been castrated or is a micropenis I mean you have to you have to consciously as a man, you have to consciously stomach the discomfort to sit like that. Okay, you have to make a baby when your legs, you do howling you. If I sit with my legs apart, it's very uncomfortable. Do you want me to describe it to you? Nobody makes these in these [ __ ] articles and videos, hello, hello, I! Don't understand why no one acknowledged it. Let me drive. Can we see that it I want you to go down more Wow that okay hold on okay yeah? These are entertaining you. Look sad look at her legs widen open, close your legs. You don't need that much know I personally, when I was pregnant, I couldn't sit with my legs crossed and I didn't like it. I prefer to Wow. So as I was saying, you're more comfortable with your legs closed yeah. Let me get here tan from buzzfeed and all the other feminists, creating mansplaining chairs man spreading chairs. My legs are closed right now. This is how you want me to sit for all of our viewers. Thank you here. You can see me in the wide okay. Here's what's happening tan and everybody listen to [, __ ], up cuz, I'm gonna get explain this once my balls right now. I can't hold this very long, are being smashed between my thighs, okay, you're gonna. Take ties. Yes, it does not help you they're being smashed there. One. My bright testicle is being smashed in the middle of my thighs, it's hot and it's there's a lot of pressure and yeah. Even even after this amount of time, I've been speaking, it's starting to hurt and I have to let up the top. Testicle is being squished up top yeah. It's it's also very uncomfortable. The penis rests comfortably at the top. It's a it's a testicle issue. Mm-Hmm use your imagination, they hang down and when it's hot as it is between the thighs, they hang even more. Do you know why? Let me give you some male biological lessons, because apparently you don't understand anything about being a man. The testicles are required to be held at a certain temperature for the semen to be viable ela. Hmm, that's why they hang what it's not for insert actor, because they need to be cool and when you forced me to sit like that, guess, who's not getting pregnant. Oh, but maybe that's what you wanted: the whole time all men to die and be castrated. Okay, and so you know all these fancy chairs and all these BuzzFeed videos and all these TED talks and all these sad, pathetic little men who were sitting I. Look how look at look at this photograph like she's, so free sky and he's on a blue background, little [, __, ] boy, so every other dive and sit in that chair. Look at this look at this guy. How do you live with yourself? Bro? You betrayed your aunt, your gender. You betrayed your gender look at this Wow, oh, so, okay, so here you've heard all the arguments you've seen all they have to say now. Allow me, what is what you should I read. The bolt all I want to say is that she have received a lot of explicit messages from and who seemed to be under the impression that she is trying to castrate them and that she hates all men don't which couldn't be further from the truth. Please don't see if you do that you are even worse than she is. If you go out of your way. Okay, now that I've gone extreme one direction, let me go the other way. If you go out of your way to target this woman to find who she is, and we don't do that? Okay, no! If you are one of these guys, no thank ya. That's what I'm trying to say! Thank you! So like it the goes and finds her and sends her a mess. Yeah, you are, you should be castrated. Do you understand how pathetic and insane that is? Bro I mean that's so insane, so we can make fun of her and goofing about it, but if you're gonna actually send her, if it, if it upsets you much dude, you should be castrated. I mean that's so disturbing and weird bro uh-uh. You are way worse way worse than her, just making a stupid chair that we can do here. That is why I wanted to show her side as well yeah. It is important to acknowledge it and she said I don't take myself too seriously, because for my work, I really wanted to be both important and thought-provoking, while also being engaging and funny I. Think humor is really interesting too in order to tackle social issues good. So then, she's really gonna appreciate my counterpoint. That's really actually I have a whole topic. I want to talk about these pathetic guys. I will do it on Friday, yeah I found this channel called um I, don't remember it's some insult I call it the unbell manifesto. You know it's crazy, like the the idea is held within are so disturbing on and I watched, one video and YouTube was like recommending me this release like if you're watching this [ __ ] you've pretty much not only hate women but I feel, like you know, 100% hate women, but it's like way beyond that beyond that yeah. But this, but we'll talk about make right now, big towers, I'm sure like that or that's what they call themselves. It's men going their own way. Oh thank you. I was wondering what that acronym. You know. I just found the video in your dock that you're talking about and you're right, it's so crazy. Oh my [ __ ], YouTube algorithm, just I just going to this I haven't even watching it just clicking on it. All of the suggestions on the sidebar are like more insel [ __ ], and this is like it. While we watched it together and I I really couldn't believe it was real yeah and it has a ton of you tons of positive engagement, so people are and I'm like I was just listening and total shock and disbelief, because I mean I've only I've been surrounded by reasonable dudes my whole life, and while we joke about mansplaining this stuff, apparently there's a lot of guys out there. That I guess think that I'm speaking to them and I am NOT, because this big house [ __ ], is I, cannot believe. Anyone actually believes this stuff. It's cringy. It's crazy scary, yeah, it's scary, and so so dude trust me. It's not like that. You know. Yeah I can't believe how far these guys take it, but then yeah. It's like it's like YouTube algorithm, separate recommending alright [ __ ] I mean there. They are whoa. This McTell [, __ ] is [. __ ] meant going their own way, I guess. If that way is like what way? Is that the wrong way? I I, don't even know we'll talk about it. Alright do like for people to understand what we're talking about since we haven't shown anything but it, but anyway I disavow that, with with extreme prejudice so to counter her point, I have only one simple gift: to show you, okay little clever engineer and all of your co-conspirators out there, who think that manspreading is an issue. I present you with the one gift, one short little video clip to undo all all of your studies. People hate him for this one gift. This is a man on stage who sits down, crosses. Look man I've watched this so many times, [Laughter] [Laughter] shits up inside shock and pain. He amazes himself at how how much he could do you see what I'm saying, ladies okay, okay, lady, who mate just watch this look at the sweet man, [Music] I mean either tell me: what's your reaction to seeing this does it? Are you gonna tell this poor man to stop manspreading [Laughter] everytime? It surprised me like everytime. It surprised me, and you know the man silently suffers nobody on his left or right nobody, but this camera man knew what happened. This poor, sweet old man trying to mind his own business and minimize the space he's occupying because there's other dudes next to him, they're spreading their legs out too, because they also have not what is left has got no problem. Well, Tommy I think homies do for some new pants think he passed on a couple. Well, I, don't know! What's going to be free, also he's older! This does [ __ ] droop, slow man, those the guy on the left is like he's packed in. But but the point is, is that I mean this could happen to anyone? Any one of us I mean making that face like somebody and this right through his body, but I mean what really more do I need to offer to you and rebuttal I feel, like you know, at the national debate team, she comes with all this paperwork on all these illegal documents and I say, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I present this and I rest my case. This guy is not a man. Spreader he's just a dude with some well troops, well low troopers, who [ __ ], sat on his nuts wrong. You know look how much pain this poor, [ __ ] in! If you get you telling me, there's a chance that you're gonna sit on the subway with your little vagina and no issues, no problem between your legs. You need empathy, I mean women have they complain and they complain about men all the time and a lot of time. They're right. But you want to talk about empathy. You will you have to acknowledge. We have testicles and they're delicate, that's the problem that they um. They make feel they make. Men feel like this. Women really hate them and I. Think it's a shame, because there is a lot to complain about with women. Men issues right so I think it's a shame that they make it so like they make it ridiculous. They make it even more dividing because they go at man so strong that the only reaction is to be like you know, you're, you just hate you. You can't have a serious conversation about it when this is the counter point, but that's a really good point you and that's why I love you, because you are smart and thoughtful and reasonable and you you really are just so fantastic and you have never once given me any trouble about me. Manspreading, you I, don't really have a problem with what is your legitimate problems? You say that well, what's one off the top of your head, if you cut an issue that we should be discussing between genders, I think a real one that goes, a kind of less noticed is sometimes it is harder for. If you're, like a woman in a and more men around you and everyone, is having conversation, sometimes it kind of really be harder to be heard. Yes, that's very true: that's a real one that I'm experienced I, don't know if it's like that for everyone, I think. That's a good generalization and I found myself doing that to you, because you're well, for whatever reason, I agree. I have I I, find myself frequently doing that and then having to consciously pull myself back yeah, but also you don't want to create an environment where people are looking I think what it is is just being conscientious yeah, you have to be you being more thoughtful yeah, be more thoughtful of not just I. Think women, but people who are less I mean women tend to be less assertive, I! Think that's. Why and I think that'll piss off some feminists, but I mean I'm. Sorry, that's just I feel like that's a bylaw just different women can be assertive but Delta different way. So so, like you, said a lot of times, they'll get drowned out in a conversation or I guess what people would say. Maybe like Susan, the CEO of YouTube would say is that man she loved my cutting her off a lot and sometimes when we both handle stuff like business-wise I, feel like. If something came from you, people will take us more seriously versus if it came from me well when it comes to negotiating, but when it comes to like dealing with manufacturers abroad, they even asked to talk to you when they don't even know that I'm more involved yeah. We had partners in Pakistan who wouldn't even talk to HeLa yeah, so they both because they didn't take her seriously. They would when it when I told my they would email me go around ela and I'd be like talk to Ella yeah I'd be like what the [ __ ] did. Yes, but yeah. That's especially ironic, just knowing I mean ela is extremely business. Savvy like it's written, that's really ridiculous that they will want to go around her, but I, see what you mean and I think that's more of an issue of of Education I, think growing up. It helps to teach young boys like that, even more than just literally sitting down and be like son. You have to remember right. You have to by example yeah by example, but yeah you have to sometimes listen more and give other people an opportunity to like myself. I can be very especially in a setting like this I. Don't know assertive of my voice right. So it's been a learning process to learn to to allow you to communicate, yeah and parallel to me, but you do leave the show more, so it is sometimes it makes more sense for you to anyway be about it. Yeah, yeah or maybe I think to talk about feminism and all that I feel like it is totally just leading by example. Right I. Think action instead of just talking like I, think it's pretty cool that Teddy fresh mm-hmm, all 90% of our employees are actually female and it's not. We didn't make it a conscious decision. That's just we just hired the best people that we found. We only have one male employee, yeah. Well, she to wit men, alright Ben yeah, but I. Think that you know it's funny, if we didn't, we didn't make. The decision like I want female know that in this room- or you know well also- and maybe this breaks the stereotype our lead designer is a male I. Don't know you probably expect no actually designers are. Is that a male or into that's interesting? But the thing it you know, we've also noticed I feel like in the world of entertainment, or at least new media I feel like you in particular. Are us are a perfect example of a strong, independent woman who has her own achievements and her own accomplishments under her belt and whenever you see people getting accolades and recognition for being like a feminist or ever it's always these typical people that have made a super-loud and they try to make their whole identity about that. Man is a man power women, but what I don't know what they're doing exactly other than talking about it. So what I feel like yeah and and and well? And while you are actually living a true, the life of a true powerful, independent woman, you don't nobody's good, even gonna, recognize you for doing that, because, because I don't talk about that's because you're doing what's actually impactful, which is living it instead of just you know, screaming about how much of a feminist and tweeting about all you know. You know what I'm saying. No one will ever acknowledge a true that crew hustle but I think you you transcend even the the like. You said we're not we don't think about things and that well, the way that we and you think about things is- is really the way that I think we all need to strive to. Is that on my merits? Yeah, not not by not not based on what outcome you want mm-hmm, but based on the merits itself, but that's not progressive enough, apparently, because you need to make chairs that force people to sit like this get a load of this guy. Well, I want to recognize you I I want to recognize you, you uh, you are a strong, independent woman, you're you're amazing. Thank you. That's what I always loved about you from the beginning, independent super, intelligent, grounded, I, don't feel super intelligent, I know well, I mean who does really I mean? Who does really people I mean? Look? People always have throughout my life said that I they think I'm, intelligent and I'm. Only saying that as anecdotal I feel like a [, __ ] idiot, mm-hmm, I swear to God I, don't feel intelligent. Okay, I know that if I think you're intelligent I know if I took an IQ test, I would score very low. Hmm I feel, like I'm sure I would like barely get over a hundred I'm, not that smart I don't know why I give off that impression. I'm, just not that smart, but anyway, Here I am making about me how dumb I am, but you are you're so capable and you're so willing to go your own way and you're so strong and you so you're not swayed by it. By by like perception and and and cultural things. You've always been very much your own person and I just I. You know yeah I, think you're sick. All the success you you have is all just from your your strength and independence. Well, thank you and it's always been a teamwork with us. So you've always enabled me to pursue all the stuff about you. No I'm, saying I think what it is. I actually growing up. I've always like I've seen my mom work. She was a stay-at-home mom for a while, but mostly with my siblings, not mood me and then I've seen her always work and then, when I wanted something we were, she would be like. Okay, this month, I can buy you. One pair of jeans. I always wanted, like the brands like I, prefer to buy less but spend more mm-hmm. We don't really have a lot of money, so she would be like I'm, the 15 I get paid, and this is how much I can spend on you, so 1 to 15 will go and whatever you want, but you get one thing: that's awesome, but I've always seen her work and the what comes of it right and I've. Always I've always had this thought like I'm gonna, be I'm. Gonna earn money for myself, so I can buy whatever I want. I'm, not gonna have some guy. You know giving me money and me yeah cool living at his, so that hit that's always been in my mind since being like a kid yeah, because your mom led by example, mm-hmm your mom came from a very traditional household and she decided she was gonna enter the workforce with very with no qualifications, yeah and just slow and earn her own deep in a very conservative household. Your dad probably didn't even want her to work. I, don't know yeah right, your dad didn't even want her to work and the funny thing not coming funny, but at at the end towards like my dad's last year's, she was the only one actually working and providing isn't that the best it's like mother, [, __ ], didn't even want her working, and here she is supporting him. But that's you know, that's that's a real strong woman boo-yeah who breaks convention to do what's best for her and she she led by example, and that's the best lesson you can say. Words are what words are seriously wind. Like you can have all the wisdom and say all the right things, but it's it it's at it will go out one ear and out the other. It is weightless. It has nothing nothing in the face of actually living an example. I mean that's what it's all about for kids, I think I always wanted a stronger. My mom is strong in some ways, but she also went out and made a good living and worked and supported herself, which was good, which was a really good example, I think yeah, which is probably why I favored one like that. But, moreover, my dad was always just such a dick to her all the time and very demeaning to her of me growing up like he like. She doesn't know how to use the remote so instead of just helping her, it turns into this whole thing about like he's, treating her like she's an idiot, and it's like always that and that and that and that and that and that and I guess you can learn. You know one of two ways right and I never wanted to. One of the best things ever heard was the best thing a man can do for his kids is to respect their mother and I, don't feel like my dad ever really respected my mom and I feel like it was. It really was not not healthy as a young man to to see that somehow I came out of it with what what I think is the right idea, because I've always been attracted to women. That I have a deep respect for so I. Think I was looked actively looking for a relationship, unlike theirs they're still together, happily married yeah they're, not that serious yeah there they are. They are like loving couple. It's not like they used to be worse, but my butt against suit they somehow my mom she's crazy too. You know like these. People are [ __, ] insane, especially back in the day like God, but you really just words are worthless man they so are worthless. You have to just you have to live it, to teach it mm-hmm, and then you don't have to speak. A single word, in short, be good to your mother, be good to your mother. In short, thank you to TMZ a lot of tangents today. Is this real somebody told me: I saw this image of the air force. Train I was going to ask you the same thing, so the air force is apparently training for the area 51 invasion. How do we find out if this is real? So here's a slide. So one of these guys in a military outfit is giving a PowerPoint presentation to other military personnel. It says terms to know Naruto running the act of running like Japanese anime characters. Naruto Uzumaki leaving got the last name which a person runs very fast, with their torso forward and arms back and the instructor is demonstrating with his arms back and its torso forward. So you know what I'm thinking about it again. I feel like there's no way this is real. Well Dan. Do you have an answer, though wait yeah, so I I did find an insight on reddit of somebody. You know it is reddit, so let's take it with a grain of salt, but somebody claiming to be in the military and what they speculated it probably was is I. Guess they do training exercises about how to give a briefing and take it seriously, and they purposely pick really absurd things, so he gave as an Appl when he was in the middle Arian. They made them. Do a presentation about like they're, about to go to war with an army of vegans mm-hmm and like they had to like, not laugh and like treat it as if it were a real thing. So he was speculating that they're using this as one of those examples, but the opportunity- because I also saw in the comments that this picture wasn't on the internet previous to the area. 51 page, oh well, it could be Photoshop, that's why they would do it. That's why they do one thing right so that so it was a timely presentation. I mean I'm either way, I think it's real talking about the area, 51 thing, because I've seen reports that the military- you know they, despite it being a giant meme, they have to take it seriously because yeah at least 50 people are gonna die. Trying to get exactly my brother will be there to counter at all. My brother should be a good drone. Oh god, he'd get murdered, no drones, but it but I think it is real one way or the other I think the photo is real. I think the context. Okay yeah is potentially not real yeah, but either way it's fantastic yeah and it's somebody somehow like I wonder if this is top-secret. These photos is this official top-secret business I love how the guy in the bottom he's like he's. Really, oh, my god. So there you have it. The military is preparing for the area. 51 raid - happening September, 20th, 3 a.m. to 6 a.m. ending succinctly at 6 a.m. just in time for some pancakes and eggs cats movie trailer. We always we have so much to cover and there's too much to talk about god. Yeah there's - I have too much here. It's already an hour and a half I have too much to talk about guys. There's way too much to talk about what have we talked about so far, I need a thumbnail. Do we have a something that we can? You know title and thumbnail if we end it now, it's been hour and a half we've talked about TMZ we've talked about Ethan Bradberry and we talked about ant-man Spencer, pretty much. It didn't lock the background Zack. What am I gonna put Zacks dumb face in the realtor wars. I'll put a picture of the two Realtors. What can we do for a thumbnail? I mean. That's demands plating, chairs, pretty good, that one is hard to pin it down. Oh yeah, well, you'd have to get a really good title. Like um women proposes castrating man, [ __, ] man there's. What would you title? This episode right now title like that we're gonna get in the algorithm with those uh men going their own way. Videos I'm, saying if you, the titles that we castrating wouldn't want to castrate men, be good to your mother. That's right what, if it's you know, people are gonna, click wreath and Bradbury I think it's got to be the man spreading chairs, mm-hmm yeah! That's the only topic with with teeth here and it's a good one. How about this? Ethan destroys the manspreading argument, which is true, I, think I do. But that's such a Ben, Shapiro title Ethan, yeah well, I mean, but it's good. Those videos have a lot of years. At the other hand, you know, can we can we all agree that if we do it we're doing it ironically yeah always I say you can that's what Hitler said about killing the Jews I didn't manage that right, that's a license to murder. You can do say anything. You want as long as it's ironic, Ethan and it Ethan ends the man spreading epidemic. Okay, once and for all must watch I can go it ends. I have a problem with destroys Ethan annihilates. That's a long word now there is this good content or what even a little peek behind the scenes. We can even highlight this. That's how many you think of a thumbnail title. That's how matter we can get. This is a banger of a highlight. Now. If we go with this title, what do you put in the tum? No, because those chairs are not gonna know you know the Naruto running in the military would be funny. I, don't know hmm, but we talked about that for like two minutes yeah the chair, we would have to get creative cuz the chair. You know we should get just a random picture of men spreading like a good one and and he's on a noose hanging, Ethan annihilates, the manspreading argument Ethan, but maybe we should be paired like a parody of entry or Ethan destroys mansplaining argument and the picture it's apparent: okay, yeah, of course we all agree, no problem and then I think she's pretty smart me. So it could be her with the woman's chair men's chair. If you blow that up, you could probably get a bitter pictures, because this one's real low-res like a close-up and all maybe the people sitting on those chairs. Oh that's, pretty depressing yeah I think we got something there. I mean the alternative that I wanted to do. For the title, but we haven't gotten time to get there is the the ice cream looking challenge, which I think is good, but we can talk about that. On friday, we really got to move on friday because we have so much to cover dude, I'm that's it. Okay on front we're gonna have a long episode on Friday, because I gotta clear this list, cuz we have [ __ ] a lot dude, including I've, got like the insult manifest so about all these Instagram food. One. Some things here are starting to get old like the face out of the whoopsie-daisy yeah the face app, there's so I'm, okay, we're doing like five hours or a leak which is gonna, be like three hours on Friday cuz. We got a let's just I think what we need to do is just move mm-hmm just be like boom boom boom move baby. None of this tangent, [ __ ] Oh women, empowerment, get real we're moving nice chat for another day. All right, so we go right. Is business, don't miss Friday's episode because we mean business. Don't ask me how we're doing no. None of this? No no chitchat under this how's, your mother and trust me, my mother, been great capiche, haven't heard from my mother, haven't heard from your mother in two months. You've been good to your mother, he's almost too enthusiastic that when he's like I've been great, my mother, it's like whoa, don't be so good to your mother in weird. You know: I've been watching Fear Factor a lot and there's this one episode where the mom and the son are like hugging and kissing all the time. I was like not that good, don't be everyone around them, acknowledge that they're being weird and they're still being all touching nice. So weird, there wasn't a second that they weren't touching each other and like whole episode. The mom was, she was yes, she must had him really young cuz. She looked, she was attractive and she was wearing very little and had big, fake titties kept showing her like yeah, it's very strange and he was probably like 18 and they were just embracing each other, like I, feel like there's like a couple, there's almost no chance that they don't they're, not they had like the body language that a couple would like hugging, and so, if he was [ __ ] his mom. Do you think the question is? Would they be more just concealed with their affection, or would they not be able to help it, or would they think in their minds that it was okay if they were [, __ ] I feel like? That is how they would act, because then you have to be so twisted in your mind to do that, mmm that I feel like maybe for them that is toned down. Usually it's just maybe I have no idea. You don't towards the end. If anyone's curious, I watched every single episode of fear factor, because with these like new, no no, no, no 160 episodes are like 157 episodes. They added to Hulu every single one and because we're just I'm in front with Theodore I have the most and the least free time I've ever had in my life. It's very weird yeah. So a lot we're just feeding in and burping him and trying to get him to go to sleep and we're just sitting in front of the TV the whole day until watch 157 episodes of Fear Factor since he's been born, because you can't really watch good content because then you're not paying attention enough so you're wasting it so, and you got to watch something that you can just kind of like look away and then look back and you're still not missing anything right. So Fear Factor is perfect, I mean I loved it. It was really interesting, though, because so the show was cancelled, ultimately because the the first couple seasons were like huge success: crazy ratings world phenomenon, yeah and the ratings were falling off every season, falling off falling off and I when I first started, I was like how's that possible. The first episode is so shocking. I could not believe what I was seeing. The very first challenge in that first episode: they tie the contestants to the back of a [ __ ] horse and drag their ass at full speed on the ground on like a dirt like rocky, and they had they had to hold on to a rope for as long as I could and they were getting [ __ ] up, they were getting like their shirt. Wonder's shirt was torn completely off. They were all bloody and cut up and it was like. Everyone was like terrified. It was shocking and I. Think I don't know for what reason if it was legal or what but like as the show went on I feel like less actually dangerous things happen or they were like and that that's what was so great about that, especially first and second episode- is that, like every episode was just shocking human first second seasons, yes, sir, like as a how the [ __ ] they get away with that, it's literally like they used to execute people that way where they drag them. At the back of a horse yeah, it's literally the dudes shirt was shredded off his body and then the other side of it is the animal torture. Oh my god, it's so so you would never be able to do it today. Dude! It's it's it's hard to watch the worst thing. I saw so a lot of times. They're blending up insects live insects like worms and cockroaches and beetles and the ship. They always turn them into smoothies. So they blend him alive, but the craziest one was. They had a huge bullfrog like this big that they blended alive and showed what the [ __ ] yeah I haven't. I still haven't seen that part. Cuz I was looking away with Tia door, mm-hmm I gotta go back and a [ __ ], they I mean it. There was other I mean I. Even the insects is hard to watch me. It's not like there, there's like huge beetles and cockroaches and worms and they're just they're alive and they're, just blending them alive and showing it on camera, and then the person just straight chugs it. It's like the most disgusting one that I've seen was there and dead rat that they all blinded and so good, and then they have to drink it, set it up. Yeah you set it up. They go out to this. If you've been in New, York City, you know, there's there's all these hotdog stands where they saw a hotdog for like a dollar and they take it out of this old water with tongs so they're on the streets of New York City. What does he take out? Not a hotdog, a dead rat, a whole dead rat puts it in a blender with a little sewage water and [ __ ] blends it right there, entire dead, rat, hair, skeleton tail I mean everything. It's a whole rat, a lot of hair really close, and then he puts it in a bowl and gives him a spoon and they have to I was actually shocked because they ate it all like that. There was two guys I had a challenge and they both didn't, have any trouble eating that dead, wrap which shocked the hell out of me. They were talking about. They had to like hair stuck in the teeth, fear factors, a crazy show. Man, I watched every [, __ ] episode, but I have to admit it got really boring towards the end and watching Joe Rogan's uh transformation is funny too, like you can tell his testosterone levels are going through the roof towards the end. Like they came back for the last season. They were, they came back for like a little special and he comes back and he's all tatted up both of his arms and full tats. He's he's like more yakked than ever. You can tell he's been shooting testosterone into his testicles and uh and taking alpha brain and [ __ ], like apparently some guys sued them for that rat episode. Oh really, because I struggled at Friendly's, it couldn't stomach what he watched. Well, I'm, not surprised, wait. It was just a viewer, just a viewer yeah! Well, so I think the most obscene stuff I've seen and I'm like an expert because I I, walk I, don't think anyone's watched as much for your factor as I did in that time. I would just watch it every day. All day did you know that they just recently revived it? No, they didn't well. I did apparently it's on MTV and the host is Ludacris. Now know. Why are you kidding wait? How long have I been on since twenty seventeen recently yeah there, that's gotta, be so tame. We're gonna have to wait out. Ludacris I saw, in my opinion, Joe Rogan made. That show that show would have been nothing and I'll. Tell you why? Because Joe Rogan is such like an alpha male character and he peer pressure's people. He shames people, human humiliates people and he really amps up the environment, and he actually is really good. Encouraging people through the challenges who wouldn't otherwise do it and he's so he's so perfect. For that show he made that show. Ludacris give me a [ __ ] break yeah, that's kind of hard to picture, but yeah. Apparently it's a thing. Two seasons not like there was one scene. Let me tell you about how Joe Rogan is good for the show I'm telling you I'm an expert at Fear Factor. He goes there's one challenge where they have to eat a giant. Madagascar hissing cockroach they're huge living cockroaches. Oh that's! Nothing on that show, and so one of the girls I think it was a celebrity. It was a celebrity edition and one of them failed. The competition so they're like okay, I'll, tell you what, if you eat this hissing Madagascar and cockroach hole, you can come to the finals and she's like no [ __ ] way, no [, __ ] way and Joe Rogan's like I'll, eat one, and he takes an entire mmm. Hissing cockroach I mean they're huge man. I'm talking like both of your thumbs together just dropped. You a link with pictures of him, yeah they're, [, __ ]. It you have a picture Kyle, it's not! Oh! You don't want to see a picture. You see how big their I mean it. This guy's this it's it's dare Norma's, and so he puts the whole [ __ ] thing in his mouth and he eats it he's trying to be a badass. He was really badass, but he started gagging but but it he was gagging and I. Think laughing because he's shocked by how disgusting was it alive? Yeah yeah yeah! They like live scorpions a tarantula, leeches yeah I, can't hang with that. [ __ ] man no watch that show, and so he goes, he gets it down. He goes that's why I'm the because he had he can he had times almost yaks he at times, but he always holds it together, but the workers are the worst thing I ever saw on that show. Was they put the contestants again, always the worst ones they somehow get through, but they put the contestants in a tank full of cow intestines and what they had to do was bite into the intestines and out the [, __ ] spit into a cup and then drink it. So they had these huge long intestines and they would bite into it and would be squirting everywhere and they would suck it up or they would like sponge it out like that and they would spit it into a cup and would they bite in it was really juicy at what squirt everywhere it's full of [ __ ], and then they had to drink it. I'm like how the [ __ ]. Even how was that and people always do? How do you survive that thing? Yes, how would they do it? Well that one? Actually, nobody had any problem with and their rat and they wanted to discuss them in the move, those those those Jews ate it like chocolate, ice cream yeah. They did so about that one, the guy sued them for two and a half million dollars to just lay me he felt so disgusted for watching the stunt and he felt dizzy and lightheaded and vomited, and he claimed that his disorientation was so severe that he ran into a doorway and seriously injured himself for that as a [, __ ], and then the judge throw it out thanks, obviously damn that that was during the era where everyone was just suing for any yeah, and also so. You told me that they had an episode of when the contestant had to drink donkey. Semen, yeah didn't air, oh yeah, because it was the only episode that NBC ever rejected whether it was a twins episode. You can find it online, but they cut it and actually it wasn't on who I wasn't sure because they rereleased it. But it's a twins, episode and there's these really I frezzer I, remember cute, like petite blonde twins and he goes well. You'll have to do. He brings out a huge picture of donkey semen and they have to chug it boat. So one of them is donkey urine and one of them is monkey semen and they both and one has to choose which one and they and I'm thinking like. How is this part and they do it, they do it. They do it and then there's a guy couple that does it - chugging an entire picture of semen, yeah, crazy right, then there's another one. So that was the only episode that was cut, but they used to do like the stunts they would do in the beginning were so insane like mm-hmm. They would shut down like huge parts of Los, Angeles and city work and get like access crazy to like huge skyscrapers in LA and they're crawling out, and it was really amazing and then towards the end. I think they just got lazy or lower budget because they were just in the desert on the crane pretty much, but in the way they had bigger budget because they started doing all these crazy explosions and like annoying ours. Every time the producers didn't understand. No, it's like more money. It's the YouTube bread syndrome, yeah! They are us and all of our creator, fans that we know whenever they pitched the YouTube bread they're like okay, but we need to justify that for charging people I, guess it's YouTube premium now yeah and boat. So we need to spend more money. I'm like well [, __, ] shut up like I, pitched to them, I pitched them a really good concept. I wanted to make this character. The vapenation guy except I, go to different subcultures and study the soap culture and assimilate mm-hmm. So every episode I become a different guy. Not so like one episode, I'd be like become a skater and they said that it was too low-budget something that I can make. That would exist in front of a paywall I'm, like are you [, __ ] stupid here? I need good people, that's what I'm paying for not explosions, I think for good people. They don't get it. These people don't understand what makes a good show. They don't understand it and they work in the industry. The other one that was super obscene was like they have cow blood like a swimming pool of just cow blood done done a couple of times and to see someone covered in blood like they were bobbing for cow hearts or something and they come up and their head is just covered in blood, and it's just so it's so sick. It really is just so sad, and the other thing about this show is that it's such a timepiece, it's finding a Worcester tips, puka-shell necklace! It's all. The girls are like models. Fake tits, though yeah I was so long. Ten and they're always wearing a bikini yeah always and then they always make sure to have a water challenge, and then they do like a slope an up the body, oh yeah, they when they take off their clothes. They always do like know everything to try to pretend like that's not what they're doing they try to be cool about it, but it's so obvious and all the guys look like before four it's great. I I seriously loved every almost every episode yeah it's on Hulu, every episode, I highly recommend it, but a parent. So apparently the show obviously was so popular at first and then tapered off, but in syndication it's like huge. It's like a huge huge show like 700 million bucks. I, wonder if Joe has a back end on that. Must right. Cuz I know it's not for sure he wasn't that famous when he started doing it huh, but he did. He did every single episode so I'm pretty sure that he got some good conditions and he was he wasn't super famous, but he was on Newsradio by that time. Well, I like he was like a known actor and yeah, but no he was an unknown, but this show made him famous in the beginning, but I think they kept doing more seasons. There must have been a renegotiate, yeah, yeah yeah yeah because he really makes the show, but they could have just give him a really nice per episode fee, not knowing that it would be like so syndicated yeah, because I mean I'm, sure, Joe, I'm, sure Joe's really well off, but I don't know because that's like, if he had back in on fear factor, that's like 100 million like crazy numbers. Maybe not what do I know what the [ __ ] do. I know: I, don't know it. Work is if, if the show made seven hundred million dollars in syndication I, don't know what the normal back-end, let's say, one and a half percent, because he's just a guy. Maybe it's five percent residual well like I'm, not completely sure either, but it seems like a lot to get a whole black 5%. It's usually per airing more. So then, just like a flat fee when they said no to syndication, okay, well, every time it airs, he gets a little bit of money assuming he he does have residuals on it. Well, if he got 5%, which seems high to me, I, don't know, but that'd be thirty: five million dollars. It's a lot of dope yeah. It's a lot of dough, a lot of donkey semen. You can buy with that, but I'm sure he I'm sure he makes that about every episode of the podcast he's all good. But it's all on Hulu, dude I would totally check that out if you're just chilling and once I mean especially the first season. I think he'll be hooked, but the first season just shock the [ __ ] hell out of me. The only challenges I always hated was a woman thugs, so boring dumb. Oh yeah, they have it's just ridiculous. Some of the times it's just so unfair, like you pit a 90-pound girl, I, guess a 200-pound guy, and then they have a dog come attack them they're in like a dog attack suit and the dog weighs 90 pounds. So, of course the dog is going to tackle the girl of the ground and the guys clear with like absolutely no challenge at all. The best ones are when it's like a mix, a perfect mix where the women aren't evil, even playing field with the men. Sometimes they really surprise you, you would think like there's, no way a guy wouldn't win it and yeah woman dies when the woman yeah, the women, are fierce competitors on that show pretty funny. Definitely like remember the last challenge of the first episode again blew my mind. They had a taxi hanging from a crane at this absurd angle, just insane angle near the climate of the back and get a flag and they made it rain and they made it rain. So I was like how the [ __ ]. Can anyone do this and, of course, no I, don't well I think one day I could complete it, but the first guy slipped off and like almost broke his arm, you trying to catch on and grab himself and he [ __ ] destroyed his arm. So the first episode was amazing, like people were almost dying there being so, I was just. It was amazing right, yeah and it just I, don't know if either it wore off the shock or got more conservative and think about it, but dude I don't know that first season was just [ __ ], like boom-boom-boom and ever every episode is a banger. You know and then there's really fun once listen to me, going on about Fear Factor, there's really funny ones where the contestants suck and they just won't, do anything and Gio just burr rates that hell out of them. Those are really fun to watch and there's even episode where Joe gets in a fight with a dude. It puts him in a headlock. That's pretty big yeah, it's great! So yeah! That's it there and there you go I'm complaining here. I just want another extra half an hour when I could have covered all these topics, but I had to [ __ ]. How the way we like to thank Hulu for sponsoring this episode that way, I do like Hulu, though I like it anything about the cable. I watch you a little more than netflix at this point. Oh I know why is because they have all the reality shows and they have all the new [ __ ] like you, almost don't even need cable through it because they have ongoing, shows like bachelor nation. What up they put the new bachelor and you just have to wait an extra day but I'm paying $150 for dish and they [ __ ] suck [ __ ] I can't wait to cancel it. I'd rather suck the [ __ ] out of a cow intestine can pay them another 150 bucks, that's not true! Oh yeah and the best part of Fear Factor. It's only fifty thousand dollar prize, the [ __ ] that these people go through. No, no, it's not it's not good enough. It's really not like. Maybe in the first season in like the early 2000s I mean I, don't know where inflation was at, but 10 episode, ten seasons later, it's still 50,000 and the [ __ ] that they go through. Sometimes they go out their head yeah. They do have special hundred thousand and the millions I gave you guys are gonna love this. They do some. They did like a couple of times a million dollar special, where it's like seven, seven episodes long and in the fine print they say the million dollars is paid to the winner over 40 years, so they're still being paid off. Now the winners of that [ __ ] I was like twenty five thousand dollars a year, which I mean is nice, but like you're, not a millionaire and then I'm. Imagine you had a really good point of yeah I'm, just imagining these people like they're kind of low life, like just like imagine a dude who won fear factor twenty years ago and he doesn't work. He just collects his $25,000 fear factor pension. So anyway, it's it was like bad for them, because it put them in this middle position of like I, don't need to work right, but then you're getting a little point about and then, as the years go on, inflation hits you by the time they pay your ass back over forty years, that money's gonna be worth like so much less right, yeah cuz in 40 years, yeah, probably like half of what it was 40 years even knows of the government, hasn't resolved it, but I just love them. The image of one of these guys like yeah, one fear factor I, want fear factor. 30 years ago, I've got another 10 years left on my pension. 25 thousand a year is so funny and the fine print 40 years, and then that person ends up with no education, no career. Oh, it's [, __, ], cursed their whole life. Winning the show was the worst thing that ever happened to them. You know because they, you think, you're a millionaire but you're so far from a millionaire you're so far from a millionaire mm-hmm you're, basically making the salary of a full-time McDonald's employee, not to poopoo their service I mean god bless for that ain't. A millionaire like what are the chances they went out and got gainfully employed and was just like I'm gonna make an extra twenty five thousand. On top of this, someone who appeared on fear factor hell no they're celebrating and then that's basically what the Big Lebowski is about. She was a winner on fear factor like 35 years prior and he's about to run out of money. God bless love the fear factor. All right. We're gonna have to try to make this thumbnail work. Mm-Hmm, [, __, ] man spreading we're going to go crazy on this. One Ethan destroys feminist ideology in one fell swoop, mag domination make doubt Ethan goes mgtow. Can you make a dumber sounding name MIG, though like dude, if you're gonna try to be badass, make it ow sounds like sounds like what Steven Seagal. Does you know what Steven Seagal looks like he's off? Yeah, it's like a really shitty martial arts for fat, old, dudes McDow. Alright, let's wrap this up. Alright Friday is gonna, be max impact, so y'all don't go and miss that right, ela, it's business guys. This has been your parents, Ethan and yo decline. The only people that truly care about you in this world, your best friends, your only companions, I mean this- is everything hey tree. Podcast is everything cuz without us who's, gonna tell you what's going on in the world who's gonna. Tell you what to think and who's gonna. Listen! Your problems. People around you are just trying to control you. The people are around you're rolling hills. Here's our address! You can send us your 10% of your income, a tip if you were a I, say that right tip tight, hey dat site, but if what the church get 10% and I, don't how I do way more for you guys in the church? What does the church do for you? You know what I mean like seriously. Think about it. Oh I'm, a pastor I'm, not talking about the same dumb, [, __, ] I did last week. I change it up at least, and you can watch at home way more comfortable, so they are. My dress will be in the description you could save me. 10% the h-street type TIFF right then die yes, yes, you can send us your money. Thank you. Thank you. We will see on Friday, we love y'all. We appreciate you. This has been a while off the rails experience. This episode was off the rails. Song is nearing the end and said alright, so guys we'll see on Friday, where we're gonna be on the rails. Bye, bye, bye, [Music], [Music].