Welcome today's episode is sponsored by manscaped. We love little play. Thank you very much, hello, I like to start it off with a bang. We are sponsored by manscaped and a very exciting announcement. Yellow was something we've been working on in secret for a long time. We're super excited. Yes, it's the teddy fresh spongebob, squarepants collaboration coming together tomorrow at 10 a.m. Thursday, 10 a.m. PST and I'm telling you this [ __ ] is gonna, move fast fast fast, so you better be waiting. If you want this because it is going to be gone, I think so fast, but we got the color-block hoodies with the spongebob and the teddy bear patch or embroidery right. We've got long sleeve shirts. This is another. Is the one that I'm wearing here we've got shirts, that's her. Do we have close-ups? It's super cool. It said it's spongebob and teddy bear patch on the t-shirt, beautiful, beautiful lots of these shirts. We got the beanie with the Bob and the bear. This is the one that eel is wearing it's spongebob. It's just Teddy fresh over the top about a boom. Bada bang Bob's your uncle. We also have so here's another long-sleeve, fanny pack, long-sleeve spongebob blowing bubbles. It's the bear got him mm-hmm. This is the bath 2020. There's another t-shirt, we're making steady for a spongebob. Oh this one I really like it's like our classic logo tee, but with spongebob instead of our bear. This is this one that you was wearing in pink got him hat, got him, that's it so be on our website tomorrow, at 10 a.m. PST. If you want it because it is not gonna be here for long, congratulations, evil! Congratulations! Everyone! Thank you very much. Unfortunately, PewDiePie could not make it to today's episode. I am working on scheduling him for later this week. So I will keep you guys, updated on the PD pie situation, but I'm really helping to get him in here soon now, Eva speaking of spongebob, you posted a photo on our way to the office today, promoting or miele braiding really, but but everything the only thing anyone's talking about is what is going on with this photo now. You'll notice that if you're looking at this photo Neela's legs appear to be that she's standing straight up, but in the in the mirror it looks like her legs are extremely split like what the what the I don't know and I just was standing like that. I think it's the angle that looks that makes it look like that. But it's not it's not photoshopped. Everyone thinks it's Photoshop be honest. You took a motor I took the photo yeah I, don't know what to say. It looks photoshopped. It's super weird. It's definitely is a curse or blessed I. Don't know they say you look so angry I, like your style, my happy face. I need him. Oh I, don't see anyone nice rack? What are you talking about? How dare you nice, rack, Oh anyway, I'm referring to myself, because I said you had nice boobs yeah? Are you saying no I, don't think so I make maybe some people think so so I mean okay, I, don't know, but I'm coming off of a rough week on Instagram. So this was just kind of like continuing the rough week that I've already had mm-hmm. What I finally passed 1 million followers and I don't post a lot, and so it was a big milestone for me and then I saw this awesome meme with Elon Musk and I posted it and I I've been going down ever since I posted it and followers. She lost 2,000 followers and she posted the Elon Musk meme and you posted cringe, know generally Wow. If you post grains, you lose subscribers dude, that's the rule, hey she got 150,000 likes on. It got really good engagement, hmm! So what do you say to that Dan? How many that's a lot of likes? How many subscribers did she gain? She ain't -, 2 %. There you go! That's it! That's that's like the meat. You know that you think this is France. Just that's what people saying if you post cringy these subscribers I've, never heard that Daniel up with the memes man. What are you doing? I'm already so insecure about posting and it's like? Okay, great I, just will not post at all. Don't worry about these peas, weird that you I agree. I, don't know who are all these hate? Maybe it was Instagram. It was a coincidence where they do this bird. No. This is right after I posted that I started losing started going down. When was your most recent post previous to that whole thing. Yeah! Not too long ago, though. No there are these people that they're, like I'm I'm. So I only want photos of Elah and theodore, and now they think I mean if there's a meme 2% of your fan base on there were like [ __ ], this I'm out. Maybe people are sick of the getting sick of the Elan memes, but they unsubscribe. It's not posted every name. Come up with an explanation for I mean we. We have a situation that needs explaining. No, it is a situation I'm traumatized and I'm a disaster. You buzzing, Photoshop photos, shitty memes I mean who would want to follow you there? Okay, so anyway, we've got drama. Trisha Paytas is making waves as our new bachelorette. Have we we've gotten some interesting applications already right, Dan yeah, actually, some you guys are actually bringing the fire with this. We're pretty impressed. I already have we already have some favorites pulled and but keep sending them in yeah guys if you want to apply to date, Trisha as our Bachelorette in this season remember to send your applications to podcast at h3h3 productions com. We are reviewing soon. You have another week, I believe to submit so I'm I'm super excited is gonna, be able ton of fun she's gonna come back in here, judge our applicants I want to get someone like Shane, because Shane, like them, retweeted, Shane, Dawson and I- would love to get someone like that in here to help us judge the Bachelorette post right, yeah, that's pretty epic speaking of The Bachelorette I have to ask you. You know I noticed that in our last podcast, whoever the genius back there, you noticed that huh noticed think everybody did don't like the 10,000 comments, all pointing it out. Okay hold on podcast. So whoever did this overlay said podcast at h3h3 productions. Calm! Now sure it's only a minor detail. It's only the whole point of the competition is for people to know that email and submit things dan. So whose did this you know it was a you Dan? Yes, it was me because I was asking I save too fast. So do you think that this just isn't important the email? No, of course it was very embarrassing and I apologize, but but also I mean how many people do. You think really thought well like I know. Their name is h3h3 productions, but but the eye is in a different place, so I mean it's gotta, be that and are you a fan of the h3 product on, because that's what I'm reading Pro Duquette on yeah Danvers? You have a good point then, but you would be surprised. People go did I be well, I was think. I was seeing comments. It was like. So is it this right, which I mean fair enough? It does say that, but in my mind, was like no, obviously it's yeah but they're like well, who could actually [ __ ] up a typo when running and you need them like? If it was me, I'd probably send it to both fair enough and then and then it would get through. But not everyone has this. One. Has this beautiful mind, we have been inundated with applications, so a good amount of them are getting through. You know well, who knows, maybe her true love's over there on podcast at HP, Patong, Patong, dan dan produc, atones I, just love, produc atones. This happened and were you just typing too fast, no I even double-checked it. You know that I when letters in the middle of a word or flipped, like that I'd have a hard time noticing it. Somehow. You ever seen those things where it's like a whole paragraph and all the letters scrambled or whatever, but you can still totally read it. Yeah I mean that's what it like. I looked at it several times and was like yep: that's that's right and just mm-hmm probe Duquette on Dan. Well, if we threw up the graphic a moment ago, when you were talking about it, it's correct now, please, if you submitted to predacons last week to podcast a t-38 reproduction. Yes, this has been a week of typos I've, been pointing out lots of typos to people and I like some, not here at Eddie fresh either cracks the lips over the minutes, but I find it funny because I'm not even from here. Well, you have a you, a your very detailed, focused person. It's true and you know what Neela crack the whip on a new hire and it's [ __ ] scared, the [ __ ]. Out of me. He loved rules with the iron fist. Man, everybody knows not to cross her because she doesn't tolerate [, __ ] doesn't tolerate anything less than perfection. That's right! It's true, dude, this guy out of that roof hate to be that guy I, don't get chewed out by you that hard have ice. I've escaped her wrath. I think for the most part. Well, you're, my husband yeah, but still you don't do mistakes eat them in I have Intel that you are sick this week any! And why are you always sick, uh where'd that come from by the way did I tell you that yeah don't worry about it? I have I have Intel. We gotta walk that. Okay, what do you, what is it yeah, I'm, still very confused? What's wrong with you? Why were you sick this weekend? You know like we're. Jewish we get a memo. Don't worry about who told me you tell me what's going on with you, because you're always safe you talking to the wild card? No, don't worry about it. Do you think I would let him just tell me what's wrong with you I, don't know I'm feeling all out of it right now. I, don't know, think I'm dying or something I don't know. Are you I've been chugging the water? Are you feeling, like fever, you're, just feeling fatigued in general, yeah? Very tired, very sleepy! Hmm. Are you depressed, no I'm, happy I'm, sure you're, good you're have I. Just have been really tired last few days so Rana are you getting home? Do you get eight hours of sleep, uh, try yeah mmm, I sleep, I, sleep, I, sleep good, when you're a schedule, yeah well tell me, go to bed usually uh by like 10:00 or something holy [, __ ]. What like like a like heard, quick! You wake up at like 6:00, no I sleep later than that Oh see wait, maybe you're sleeping too much cuz I know that can cause it's yeah. If you oversleep like what time you wake up, if you go to bed at 10:00, maybe like 8 o'clock, so you're sleeping 10 an hour 10 hours is ok. 8 to 10 I mean 10. Is who's got the time to slip down hours? That's a good question that kind of comments. Pretty nice, you guys to try it that's good I mean I mean I'd rather live. My life try eight! Normally, if I can't hate its beauty, might you'd rather begin those criticals on Diablo yeah, three trillion bro, don't hate yeah! Well, you know I'd like to have some time to enjoy myself. Ian tennis too early for a young guy he's a little [ __ ], all right, I'll stay up later. Thank but I. Just well I want to understand why you're feeling fatigued because I obviously I want you to feel good and I want you to perform at your peak you're on the show diet, diet. What are you eating? Are you doing? Some crazy diet, no diets all right hold on. Are you eating healthy yeah I eat a lot of fish, a lot of fish burritos. Those are like my Jewish grandparents. Are you eating? Well sleep? Well, he says he's. So what do you want? Our life switcher is not gonna perform. It is yeah. I understand this. Is it? Are you I mean? Are you worried about? How are things was with your girlfriend? Everything is groovy. My man sound like the Prophet guy Marcus. Yes, like a reference, yeah, sorry, my man, my man gave in so when you were sick this weekend. Would you have a fever? Did you have a cold or you were just feeling fatigued, just a lot of headaches? Headaches, that's not good! Just tired ache behind my did. You sit like drinking coffee. All this I, don't know something that I don't drink. Coffee are you worried? Are you considering seeing a doctor I mean that doesn't sound good, no I'm, fine mm-hmm, you told the guys you're sick, you having headaches behind the eyes and you're like that. Is that the spies wait? What I didn't? What guys didn't? He tell who who who's the inside info that you got here, come on fess up to it. There's no dude I'm telling you I have informants, don't worry money, and that's not what's that question here. I want to make sure it's. Okay, all right! I gotta keep a close eye on you. Well, actually we talked to IANS mother, your mother, my mother's, been calling yeah she's been calling cheese. All right well feel better I mean take care of yourself. You know, okay, I'll, give you an illustration. Well, yeah I'm, usually ill I'm ill. A lot do you know, but but I'm being serious throughout your life. Do you find yourself like sick a lot or is that? Is this a reoccurring thing throughout your time on earth? I, don't know you have allergies or something like you have some kinda, probably yeah, that's probably: what's going on and you're being a troll, do you have a chronic illness or some of some kind uh, not that I'm, aware of okay, I mean I, just don't know why you try to make a joke out of this when I'm having genuine concern for your health. I, don't think well as long as I don't have current or anything I'm cool I. Don't think you I, don't think it's got here yet, but you by the sound of it, would be the first one to get it. Oh I got it baby all right, yeah I'm, trying to include you in the show, but, like oh he's, got a car Oh. What the [ __ ], why you have a curse? What are you just waiting for this? It's starting to sound like a sound bite machine yeah I, appreciate that. Thank you, I'm just I'm trying to include you in the show and I. Don't know if you're doing stick or if you're trying to engage in a serious conversation, trolling and I don't appreciate it. That's the best place to be won't even talk to him like I. Try to talk to him. I tried to include him in the show. I like the whole. That dynamic here on the show is what makes it interesting for me. We've got three guys back there, a bunch of characters and the two of us in here I'm trying to make the show interesting, I'm trying to enrich the dynamic, but Ian refuses to and gay they. After all, I've done for him. A given purpose. I gave him a job. I gave him a girlfriend, a love life. Everything I built him up to the man he is today and I. Don't know what I do to deserve this disrespect like I, genuinely want to know how he is that I'm getting stick. I, don't understand. What do you have to say about that? I'm, not Joe I'm, not joking, hmm I, think I offer a good balance. I think I'm, differentiating from the two comedians next to me over here. We're offering a good office. Violet ready, Ladue grew with me. I agree with you, because we need the truth. I want a genuine right. I want genuine conversation, not looking for snick I. Do this? Stick! You do you answer the questions. I asked you that's how this works right. You look. That's right! Thank you. Somebody backs me up. Fun I mean all right. Let's move on because Ian's putting everyone to sleep, we talked about everything. I just did a whole I mean everything you guys we'll see you at the Capri four manscaped I did seven minute monologue about how I nicked my shaft, but but we have to move on because he's slowing the show down, yeah a little disrespectful, mildly. Alright, let's just move on because I'm getting upset, we got the goop candle. Finally, now I have predicted that this candle didn't exist because I said it sold out immediately at $75. I feel like it's just a marketing ploy but I'm wrong. Here's the candle people actually bought it and actually, what sold out so says this smells like my vagina. It's got pictures of a vaginal looking flower, I guess what kind of flower is that I? Don't know anyway it's so it's a pretty flower that looks like a batch. Okay, let's open the candle, let's get right to it, so this is Gwyneth. Paltrow's goop smells like my vagina. Now, I'm, just gonna tell you straight out the bag that smells like a candle I got scammed out of $75. What a [ __ ] marketing ploy this is [ __ ]. It smells like a [ __ ] candle, okay, it doesn't smell any different like a scented candle or just yeah. It's a perfumed candles, good I, think I. Think you're missing the joke. To be honest with ya call ahead: I! Think it's just like a meme. You know, like her vagina, smells good yeah cuz. There's all these conversations about, like the smell I, never smelled a vagina like that right, but she's like sticking it there. It's like this I didn't want to smell her vagina or anyone that will have this in their house. This smells like my vagina. Well, I, don't know, I mean I was really expecting something of what like more of a pungent, odor I. Think if you were to make it that's fun and by the way on the bottom, there's a stick. These [ __ ] idiots, there's a sticker over a sticker like this was originally real and I. Think you can see through it. I got to peel that off. There's a sticker under the sticker, which makes me think they just repurpose this candle. Not exactly yeah, that's right, papa I, don't like when she's I mean I like her as an actress, but this whole goop thing is just so off the deep end. Yeah we talked. Did we talk about the crystal handling segment on the goop? Show the crystal healing I think we are know: energy healing, yeah, the energy healing. We talked about a little bit, yeah yeah. Yes, that was really disturbing. Oh, he was getting the sticker up. What are you seeing? Is it just the same thing? Okay, some dumb-dumb put it on tight right, I! Don't like it I, don't like it. So should we light it, I mean yeah. Let's light it so I feel like I. Just got scammed at 75, yeah I mean ultimately, I was expecting something a little more interesting than that. You think you could. Just put our label smells like my vagina. Well, maybe my butthole smells like perfume exactly it doesn't so here's what we're doing I don't know if I have guys update you, we had joke that. I wanted to make a smells like my butthole candle to combat smells like my vagina, candle and an aroma. Scent company got ahold of us and they said hey. We work for like a theme park so that there's serious company that makes aromas. You know it like Disneyland when you're doing Sauron you and they squirt, like I'll roll. My in your face yeah. So these are these guys. They do specialty aroma. You said: I want one that smells like I want. One smells like [, __ ], but I'm don't mean farts. You understand if it suppose, like farts, you [ __ ], that what it needs to smell like is a sharp sweaty, mm-hmm deodorant, II taint. You know it's not it's worse than fart. It's different, mm-hmm I said: look. If somebody has to come down here and put their nose, my [ __ ]. So be it I'm capturing that smell, so we're gonna get our own fragrance. We're gonna. Do brown wax and we're gonna sell it for $75, and it's gonna say this smells like my butthole great. Do you think will sell out? Yes, I do I, think good. Collectible, how many are you thinking like will be available? I, don't think I'll make that many. You know yeah, because I don't think, there's that much demand for it. If I'm being honest, I mean I want one, that's already one one percent there you go. Would you guys buy something like that for a gag I $75 for $75 yeah after my price? Well, I'm? Sorry, but no I would not do that. I think there's at least a hundred people out there that want that limited rhyme. I don't want to discourage anybody, but how many good I mean I, don't want to get stuck with a roomful of buttholes is a lot for cats. Yeah! That's how much you pay for this I gotta make my money back. Well, then we only need to sell one duality: I, don't I got a I got a develop it right. I got a pay. I got there's a lot of expenses here, because the whole supply chain yeah I'd, buy it exactly, don't say anything: even would you buy it wait? Do you want me to I, wouldn't buy it? No okay. Why did I ask you, but if this was Canas armpit, if it was Kanye's about home, would you buy it? Oh I'd freaking eat it? Are you disenchanted with Kanye? Are you still all in on Kanye I've tapped out a little bit? He seems to wound down there so hear as much about him anymore, yeah notice that I am low and is there another person who's become the object of your affection and obsession yeah. It's uh ethan klein. He stands. Yes, there's nothing real about anything! He says. That's a problem! I'm not gonna lie. Who are you obsessed with their.you obsessed with any artist? Do you replace Kanye? No okay. Thank you see how hard was that are people gonna, think I'm being too hard on you. Definitely you're gonna get a lot of comments. Yeah, I'll say right now: everyone leave Ethan alone. It's fine! There you go me perfect. Do you really think that people are gonna be upset at me for such insolence? Well, just it previous times that you've been harsh on in there's a lot of people sticking up for him, so I'm just going off a bit past experiences well go ahead and delete all those comments. They don't erase. Don't erase, don't do that. We also don't Photoshop Instagram posts- hmm hmm I love you! Why do I have to even clarify it's all we're all just goofing around here, but let's move on I know: I, don't need to an old 20 minutes on how I and Dan I told you I cautioned you not to I love the end by the way. Dan means the greatest Dan. Yes, yes, sir I cautioned you not to watch this clip. Did you watch not watch it? I did not watch it. Now was a good little boy good. So we found this now. You guys all know that we're huge mega fans of 90 day fiancé the latest season was a huge flop. We didn't watch it yeah, we didn't care, but what showed up on my homepage was a preview for this upcoming season of 90 day fiancé called before the 90 days, and what I saw was something that truly excited me and made me I. Just can't wait for the next season. Look at this character. This is the grip. I mean, first of all, just get a glimpse of him. He's like a he's like a chubby dude with no wait. My dude okay in a few days, I'm getting ready to get on a plane and go meet, rose the love of my life for the very first time. So it's some like 20 year old, it's been torn I feel like a Filipino, looking girl in Asian, very cute young girl, and he looks to be like at least 50 and really just a mess. So much yeah he's prepping he's like I'm trying to assimilate for the very first time. I'm super excited because he just grabbed a bought, a train, a bottle man to ask rose to marry me you watching the few damn ayo in his hair since I met. Rose I want to look young for her, so I have been dyeing my hair and it irritates my scalp smoother Zac. We gotta do the mayo challenge for you: I'm looking for some [ __ ] to hydrate my hair. So what's the best way should we have Zack? Do it here or film himself doing at home, cuz he's gonna have to wash it out, make a wash out the sink. Yeah I feel like that'd, be very difficult, I think so Zack. If you will do what he's doing put manis in your hair and then and then document the process, and we can play it on the show. Okay, I will do that. Okay, great, get your girlfriend to help you film or something she will and then because I want to see being applied. I want to see you, you have to sit with it shower and then give me like the updates if it worked or not. Okay, if you smell, if the smell of mayonnaise and later successor etc. How long do you have to let it sit, though? Well, he'll see he lets it sit for a while you'll see mushes I'm self-conscious of my physical appearance, because Rose is 31 years younger than me. I smell, like an egg salad sandwich, but it really really works. I just want to look young for Rose, so you step the mayonnaise in his hair. You put a bag on his head and now he's got a glass of wine like the producers when they saw this guy's face they're like oh, it's time, printing money's! Yes, when you see this come in Eadie 54 they're like oh, but then when they see his like who his fiancee is like. Oh my god, then I'll, let Sunday show up at his house they're doing mayonnaise in his hair, Oh God see ed is in San Diego. Well. If we could get him on the show, I wonder how they found him. I feel like they went really like they sent everyone on a search cuz the last season. What was kind of shitty, so bad yeah, the worst unwatchable I stopped watching same with the bachelor too. So the bachelor I agree is just way off this season and I'm gonna I'm gonna watch the fantasy suites [Music], because there's one really crazy girl that I'm that I'm interested in seeing what develops with her. But Pete is the worst bachelor of all time and I and I I know he's human could have just been like a cardboard cutout. All right right here would be the same. This show would be the same thing, all the girls being caddy and dramatic, and he literally has no personality. You know, I could have told him not to pick Pete. I was so shocked and they picked. Pete are they're gonna pick that black guy Mike right and I was like. Oh he's, gonna be the first black bachelor to I was like. Oh, this is cool, he's got it I like him, and then they wouldn't ever be like I know. Apparently, there's never been a black guy and says it great. That's obvious: they're gonna choose him and he'll be great. They go with Pete, I guess the hook with Pete is that he has a real job. Most people are totally unemployed. He's a pilot, but unfortunately pilot doesn't give you any personality at all and cheer anything I can't stand him he's the voice so over. Thank you watching the seasons. We have no shows like 90 day and a bachelor both suck I can't yeah. He just he's a [, __, ], wet noodle he's got no persona dryness, it's really. It shows good one healer, it's not even been cooked. It just goes to show you that all these girls are in love with him. It's like it's just the competition. You have this scarcity or it's like there's one guy in the world and they're all fighting for him. So you'd they'll, yeah mental, and it's like he is proof that I mean I. Don't think anyone needs any convincing, but it's like these girls could not possibly be in love with him. He is so unappealing they go. I have to admit that today, I, finally am ready to tell you that I have fallen in love. It's like it! Please you guys have talked for a commutative like 20 minutes. I'd rather see adhere as bad. That would be [ __ ] amazing I can't wait to see what else add is up to. You know, look at take that in drinking wine with the mayonnaise. Take that all in HeLa God leave. Look at this I'm gonna wash this again he's put he's like coloring his hair. You know when you go he's like all official about it, since I met Rose I I want to look young for her dude. That's just so. I have been dying right there and it irritates my scalp, so I found out that mayonnaise makes it smoother and have you tried conditioner? Have you thought about something like that God straight to maids? Oh, my goodness, and then he goes and watch TV and drinks wine with mani, Singh who's here dude. What about I did what about just moisturizer just put moisturizer yeah did I remember once while when I was in Israel, we were waiting out like the DMV or something yeah and there's some young dude there who had a bottle of moisturizer and he kept. He had he kept putting moisturizer and it's not gel or anything get a bottle. A huge bottle of moisturizer and he kept just [ __ ]. It was great I, never seen anything like it. Oh we got to go to break once weird. Let's go to break we'll, be right back, do you? Do you guys backstage trim your pubes I sure do yeah, absolutely yep yeah. You know I didn't start trimming my pubes until like well after college and I even have people commenting on it and if some reason it never occurred to me, they go by the way. This response about manscaped but I'll get to that they go. One girl went wow. You have a lot of pubic hair, I thought somewhere where she was like complimenting me. I was like it's crazy, I know, but it never, but she was obviously telling me to trim my pubes but I didn't it didn't occur to me. I feel like it's a generational thing where people always trimming their pubes I think even in my age bracket it was be considerate to trim it because my pubes were like insane. It was like a huge like they were long. As my penis did. Society I mean it could be about Trent, pubes I, think it's. The consumption of porn is like I, say: I was taking in porn since I was like [ __, ], - I'm, not bragging. It's just a matter of fact. It's bug that told my therapist that once and he's like, has a whole nother Pandora's box Ethan, because this is the weirdest of a Dorito ever but I'll get there, because my dad had a stash of porn have I told the story on the podcast. These have a stash of VHS porn tapes in his closet that he would stash there like hundreds of them and me and my brother. We were home alone all the time, so only it was only natural that we got into those I was watching like and, like my dad, you know, he's a sick man. He had like the most [ __ ] up porn. You can imagine, though, so well you pretty. Okay I mean you're, not like a perv I. Try my absolute best to suppress the demons with them. So but I guess Lauren is not like the devil. No porn is not a double. It's just that I, you shouldn't start watching it, the young age that I did but back to pubes. Well, I started shaving, my pubes with and I'm not gonna lie. I used my beard trimmer, because I would shower afterwards. So I was like you know. This is I. I acknowledge this. Is disgusting I shaved, my pubes I'm gonna shave, my beard with it I acknowledge that it's gross, but on the other hand, I'm gonna take a shower afterwards and I really have nothing better. Manscaped is like this is more than we asked for. This is everything we asked for a personal endorsement, but I'm getting to that. This is more than I ever dreamed of getting a little too personal. They should be paying me double, and so I acknowledge that was disgusting, but I didn't have a better way and the other problem is that I've got I've got hairs all up my dick shaft, it's disgusting, and so that's very sensitive skin I find the word shaft like so funny. It's not good, nothing about it's good, it's all bad and so I was trying to get those hairs down and what was happening is that I kept nicking my skin and there's nothing worse. First of all feeling that pain up, then you see a little blood. It's like there's nothing worse in the world, a razor blade forget about it. It also happened to my balls. I tried to shave my balls, Nick, skin and I'm. Just telling you it's a do. You guys have a problem with that. I mean it's. It's been known to happen, but you know you you you're very careful. You know, but I could time. It happened to me so often that I started to get like. What's the word scabs, no, not Jesus den now I started to get really traumatized, so I was no longer getting that close shave that I needed cuz I was being so cautious that I was basically just I, wasn't getting doing the job satisfactory, and so, when manscaped came into my life, you've got this beautiful, handheld razor. Somehow they figured it out that it's got this like soft blade. It's made of some special material I'm trying to find out where it is yadda, yadda yadda we've got the cutting-edge ceramic blade to prevent manscaping accidents, and so they've got like a perfect guard length. The ceramic blade and I'll tell you what else they got. They have an LED light. So when you turn it on it flashes it lights your way and I and I confidently went and shaved down all my pubes, the perfect length down my shaft or under my balls, I, even ventured into the gooc grundle. If you will and tell them that down a little bit and I have to say that it was a beautiful, wonderful experience, I'm so glad that I have my manscaped 3.0, because I'm feeling my pubes are unfair and, frankly speaking, I mean, let's be frank: it it's better, trimmed right, yeah yeah I mean it gets so crazy. It's like it's just so so I just want to. First of all, tell you guys from a life of experience that you definitely do want to trim and I. Think that man escapes is the way to do it, because, first of all, you don't forget pubic smell on your face by doing a shaving, a beard trimmer and the beard. Trimmer is not even good. You don't even want that. Okay, that's it! That's all I have to say so. You can subscribe when you purchase the new perfect package, 3.0 kit at manscape, comm, you get the biggest bang for your buck. Subscribers get a new replacement blade refill for your lawnmower. Trimmer deliver to your door every three months, making sure your trimmer always stays fresh and clean for a limited time. Subscribers get not one but two: free gifts, the shed travel bag, 39 value and the path to did high-performance anti shaving manscaped boxer-briefs. It's also something here about crop, purdue, preserver and anti chafing ball. Deodorant I want ball deodorant, that's up to you, but I find that those are our I find that those are counterproductive. Ball, deodorants, I, just take a shower. What the [ __ ] wrong with you. It's like I! Don't like scented trash bags too. You can't just spray a dude. Don't that's the word yeah! It's it's worse. It makes it work because it yes, it's like putting a breeze on a pile of diarrhea. It's like that. Doesn't that didn't help at all, but you know I'll. Let you make that decision for yourself, but I do endorse the blade. You got the free gifts. This is a perfect package for your perfect package, get twenty five: twenty percent off plus free shipping with the code h3h3 at manscape comm, do yourself a favor and always use the right tool for the job, get 20% off and free shipping with code h3h3 at manscape comm, that's 20% off with Free Shipping at manscape, calm and use code. H3H3, your partner, your body and your balls and your shafts I added will thank you. We are back I hope you guys enjoyed my seven minute long monologue about manscaping I. Just want to tell you guys before we move on. Can egg salad sandwich, but it really really works. It really really works. Okay, moving right along we've got poor old Joe man, Joe Biden is really his brain is just melting in his poor, old school and I. Wish him well he's a public servant he's had a long, hard life ups and down and I was you know, but damn like we've talked about Joe a lot here, so I feel it's only right to continue the dialogue. That being said, I just feel sad for Joe at this point, you're the ones that sent Barack Obama. The presidency and I have a simple proposition here: I'm here to ask you for your help where I come from, you don't get far. Unless you ask my name: is Joe Biden I'm, a Democratic candidate for the United States Senate. Look me over like we see helped out, if not both the other. By give me a look, though, okay, that's all I really got to say to you I'm up. He says my name is Joe Biden right for a Democratic, Senate yeah. Then he says, have a look if you like what you see, if you don't like it vote for the other, Biden I think he meant candidate, hmm, but he said vote for the other behind him. Nine state Senate. Look me over. You like. We see help out, if not vote. The other, by give me a look: oh yeah, yeah yeah he's just really he's trying to really hold like yeah hold together, but it's just at I mean look at sad at that age. You're, [, __, ] just starts to slip. It happens for different people at different ages. You know, but he's slipping man. There's no question about it. I think he just had a lot of tragedy in his life and that stuff really aid you it's very, very difficult. Like his son recently passing away, you know that kind of [ __ ] it's hard and that's all I- have to say about that. Um I do not see him winning. You know he's way behind now. Now he has no chance I. Just wonder at what point? Is it just a waste of time? You know just quit. I think it's coming up, because this this week there's another vote and like what is it South Carolina, something correct which is the one that for the last year and a half we've been hearing is he's unbeatable in because he has I. Guess: here's a lot of black support right and so he's and I guess: there's a lot of bad people in South Carolina, so he's hoping that here's a strong showing after that is Super Tuesday and then there's no doubt about that. Because Super Tuesday is like I, don't know: 12 states, including Texas in California, all vote on the same day, and so at that point you really, you can really tell thing, is California and Texas are heavy heavy Hispanic and the Hispanics love Bernie. He has like locked down the Hispanic vote. It's crazy and I. Think he's just gonna sweep he's just gonna continue to sweep yo by the way I voted yeah. You lose first time voting so she's wearing it with pride. Do you have any concerns about Bernie Sanders I mean I just feel like. If wins, it would be really interesting to see what someone like him can actually accomplish, because these ideas to me sound great I, mean it's everything that I would want to see happen, and is it true Dan correct me if I'm wrong? Does he say that billionaire should not exist? I mean yeah, maybe not explicitly now, I think you maybe even explicitly said that. So do you agree that billionaires should not exist. I, don't really that's a very strong statement like who? How do you decide like that's what you know, what I mean you wanted? Aang and I even saw him there, and the names that you could pick on. I was like what about it for young but I wish, because he had the best solution. He's like I. Don't need to raise taxes, I just say the tax, these rich tech companies that don't even pay tax. Yes, it was gonna. Do a VAT tax solution was dirty. You would understand what a bad tax is. Man, that's what he said taxi, but he said that he would tax like the big companies like Amazon within also, and also that you would get money for, like your data things like that, that no one is even talking about yeah I mean on that level. Sure yeah I mean he had a lot to say about the tech industry that nobody else was talking about. He was not gonna raise taxes and he definitely didn't say that billionaires shouldn't exist, I, guess that is kind of a dangerous statement. I voted for Bernie by the way, but statements like that are a little concerning, because I mean how like how do you decide how many billions somebody can have? How do you decide? What's too successful, I mean, while I agree that people like Jeff, Bezos and Bill Gates have way too much money at the same time. These are guys that came up with great ideas that made all of our lives better and they yeah. You have to accede to it, no problem with that as long as there's proper, proper, like systems to make sure that they actually paid to rise, and there isn't a loophole for someone who's making so much money, because it's it's so weird. How is someone at that level not pay taxes? That's insane that that's where I'm tired I want to make sure that if somebody who is worth 130 billion dollars is paying half of that axes, like all of us are I paid, 50 percent taxes every year, I, don't think Jeff Bezos should be paying any less than that mm-hmm, so that that concerns me, but to say that billionaires shouldn't exist is kind of like a dangerous statement like what does that mean I, don't like how he demonizes billionaires, because they're ultimately I mean like there's just a lot to unpack there. Yeah look. What do you? What are you saying, they're, inherently evil billionaires? How do you decide like dude? What are you taking away? You know: Bernie Sanders, as Michael Bloomberg pointed out, has three houses is: do we decide people shouldn't? Have three houses see? This is okay, I know what you're getting cynical? Okay, whatever I'm believing no but listen, yeah I know he has a house in Washington DC. He has a house in Vermont and he has like a cabin I know it's not like a house, but the point is Dan that who's to decide how many houses somebody could have if you're gonna decide who what's a billionaire, our people not allowed to have three houses. I mean we're putting some measure well, I I do feel like he demonizes billionaires and it's a slippery slope like - what - [ __ ] - making these judgment calls - what I don't know, - anything bad everything bad that can happen. What what does that mean? Well, I agree with Ethan the it's. It's this point of view that, like billionaires, are evil. Yeah billionaires, aren't inherently evil I mean now they're, not necessarily inherently evil, but here just to expand on that a little bit I mean the reason that I find Bloomberg trying to make that jab about how many houses he has completely absurd is that Bernie Sanders has three houses yet, which is far more than the average American, whatever hope to own in their life right. Bernie Sanders has a couple of million dollars. This is all about hey look here. No, but it doesn't matter. Yeah he's agreed amazing, just how no a billion dollars really I know how much your billion dollars is dead. That's not the point. I can wrap my head around it. I know that Bernie Sanders isn't rich, like I mean he's wealthy, but he's not like rich right. He's he's worked, Bernie Sanders has worked. I agree. This characterization that he's rich is stupid. I agree with you he's worth a long illustrious career and he has a couple million dollars of net worth that he deserves that he's earned over life from work he's not rich. No one is yeah. I agree that characterization is [ __ ], but the point is if you're gonna say billionaire shouldn't exist, how much work? How are we preventing that Dan but tax on them? Oh, okay! So then what so, then, once you're worth 999 million, then every single extra dollar goes to the government. What does it mean? Yeah I mean FDR wanted to put a hundred percent tax yeah. That was a wartime tax. Doesn't work well, I mean I, feel like it wasn't. Oliver sent some problems that it wasn't a hundred percent, but it was very high. It was like 98 percent yeah I mean close enough right. It was a wartime right now we are flourishing. This isn't wartime I, just I personally, just why you like this because I don't know because I think we're barreling towards self-destruction. This plan is gonna die in the next like 50 years. If we don't make huge changes- and you know it might require something on the scale of a mobilization like we had to do in World, War two, you know ah ha sorry later, but yeah that that you can do that with that was the end. The engine of the economy is what is driving us towards oblivion. Right now, I mean that that's billionaires, anything is also companies that are being just completely well. I mean obviously he's talking about taxing those well I, think dude systematically I'm for attack. Saying all this stuff. The government is spending sorry good I. Just we started with the conversation about if a billionaire should exist. I still think that that is not the right question and I have no problem with billionaires existing yeah. That statement I mean it's weird. It contradicts kind of a lot of what it means our our economy means and there's a lot of other fundamental issues. We can look at I mean. First of all, tech companies aren't paying taxes. We are spending all of like half of our budget on military. We are wasting tons of money, bloated money on like Medicare, for old people, paying [, __ ] drug companies. Insane amounts of money, I mean the government can do a lot more saying. Billionaire shouldn't exist is just it's just a blanket statement. It doesn't mean anything and the thing is dangerous because it villain eise's billion yeah. What you can do is implement a lot of systems within the government to reduce emissions to tax corporations. To do all this kind of [, __ ] to invest in infrastructure, I mean you're. They are not they're, not the sole reason for, by the way I see. A lot of them can be very destructive because they have a lot of power. They can Lobby the government influence decisions, but some billionaires aren't they're, not all evil. I mean the very nature being a billionaire does not make you inherently evil and a statement like that I think can be taken. The wrong way by fanatics. Billionaire shouldn't exist, I, disagree. You know it's a lot of money, but some guys have really good ideas. Like I mean Jeff Bezos he's he's so [ __, ], rich I mean just well just imagine if he actually got taxed like he's supposed to. He wouldn't have as much money. He still be rich as [ __ ] though, but dude Amazon has changed the war. The whole world I mean that guy achieved umbra. Dick he's, like you know, Henry Ford of the modern day he's revolutionized the whole [ __ ] planet, so I mean a guy like that sure he deserves his. What his success, mm-hmm I mean I, just I really think it's all about how you how you make them pay back to people like yank, is all about. That's it! That's for me, that's what it's all about like tech companies should pay us for the data. Mm-Hmm Amazon should pay a fee, you know look. Ultimately, the government needs a certain amount of money to do its job and if it's not getting enough money, that's one thing and there's certainly like huge swaths, a part of the economy that are not paying, that of people that are making extraordinary amount of money and not paying enough to the government. That I agree with mm-hmm but I mean to say the billionaire's shouldn't exist is a problem. I, don't like that statement, I think it rocks it's part of why I like them well, I think it's I think I like in front I like in first the health care education. But what do you think it rocks because I believe in that? So you think that a guy who has made a company as prolific as Amazon once he's worth 999 million dollars every dollar over that should be taxed straight to the government or how does it work well? I mean if we're just like in medicine, I'd prefer a preventive approach like perhaps playing your employees a living wage. You know sharing the success of your company with the workers that actually generate all of that wealth instead of hoarding it. So let's say he does all that, but still he's making he's still gonna about to make that extra dollar I mean you know how, like you understand, taxes, it's a progressive tax rate. It's not like it's gonna take all of his money, but what about someone like Elon Musk, who, with his billions of dollars, is doing something that the government and other private citizens like nobody else, can do what he's doing he has literally invented. He is popular as a mainstream electric vehicles that are improving the environment. Changing the world bringing this new sustainable energy to the mainstream. He couldn't do that if he wasn't a billionaire, he put all his whole fortunate stick to accrue to make Tesla does an interesting one. I mean yeah, that's true, but I mean, on the other hand, some of his other ventures like SpaceX and everything I, while I appreciate that he's doing it. It honestly makes me kind of sad because there was a time when you know we did all of those things publicly and extremely successfully and I mean SpaceX, but where all their accomplishments I mean it all right, but to this day SpaceX has done. Have they done anything that NASA didn't do yes years ago? What NASA is paying SpaceX better to bring cargo up? The reason being was they're doing it more sustainably, the matter than if it can't all be successes. He tried SpaceX and they tried Tesla and Tesla worked out and maybe SpaceX space has made space cargo travel sustainable before when NASA was doing it, they would blow [ __ ] up to that miss fear for to send cargo to space and they would split off and the rocket would fall to the earth and be destroyed. It was super wasteful. It was super expensive, but SpaceX. Their big innovation was that they made a way for the rocket itself to be able to land itself and be reused. Okay, fair enough! That's cool right! So that's what they did and that's why NASA no longer does it themselves because it's way cheaper to pay SpaceX to do well, but but for me, even if it wasn't a success, so what sometimes someone's gotta try something, but it well the government's not doing space yeah doing it anymore, so Jeff Bay! So right, so he lawns like I'll. Do it and he's doing it? Well and II didn't do it? Well then, oh! Well, he tried I mean it's like I. Don't know it seems like a part of freedom to me. I don't understand, but also short-sighted, just write it off because in a hundred years from now we are mining resources from asteroids which there's like there's a infinite resources on asteroids in our orbit and with SpaceX and the technology is developing. We can mine these asteroids and basically unlock unlimited resource for our planet. Here on earth of finite resources same with the moon landing people said it was a waste of time and money, but it's like it's a technological revolution. That's what he's doing I mean I think that it's short-sighted to judge something like that without looking far ahead at what it can accomplish. But but that's just one case: I mean I, don't know what every billionaire is up to I mean he's very public example. But there you go in your world of Bernie. Sanders billionaire shouldn't exist, Elon Musk can't do what he's doing. You may not have a peddler, yeah and then we'd have a bunch of gas cars still like dude. That's a huge as a huge contribution to the welfare of the planet. Populating electric vehicles, Warren Buffett, is a good one. Isn't it Warren Buffett yeah he's gonna donate his whole? Well, I, don't know what he's actively doing for the betterment of mankind, but he's going to donate all of his wealth when he dies. Warren Buffett is like a little autists to likes investing. It's not evil, though he's like a Rain Man in real life. Damn. What do you say about my Elon Musk example: I mean that's fine, I I started this with saying that Yulan is kind of a unique case. I would agree that you know he's throwing his money into some things that theoretically are gonna better mankind, but um, but that's that's you gotta allow for there's, gonna, be mistakes and there's gonna be victories. Someone not good and there's gonna be an Elon Musk. You know it's just you can't control this stuff. Yeah go ahead, Dan. What were you gonna say? Well, just I mean I get where you're coming from with him, but I mean even in your explanation, about SpaceX stuff. You we're talking about how the moon landing people said. It was a waste, but you disagree with that and you think that it was driving things forward or whatever, and that was done publicly and communally, rather than by you know, look being dictated from the top down by a single person who ever wants to do a go for it. I mean the government's not doing this [ __ ] right well, I said when right, you think you should and I do too, and it would be good if we were still investing in those kind of things, but years and years of austerity and budget cuts- and you know, lack of investment in science and development and those things disappear. Well. Setup me with billionaires, not billionaires, not gonna change, yeah, that's just shitty government I mean but Yvonne's doing it because of the lack because of those things because we're because the government isn't doing it well, the government, the government sucking doesn't I, mean the government would always neglect some important point of research and development, so he's just filling in the gap. I think the government just wastes a lot of [ __ ] money because of corruption or incompetence or whatever, whatever I mean like corruption. You've got military, that's all corruption, dude that money you spend so much money over that it just disappears the drug companies. That's also corruption. Like the all this lobbying and [ __ ], we were wasting all of our money. Just making these people rich now and it's great I mean Ernie- wants to reduce the budget of like a trillion dollars. I agree, but but but don't Satan billionaire shouldn't exist. I will continue to say the billionaire's shouldn't, but you just admitted that they, but but I, didn't mitt. Anything I said that sure Elon has done some positive things. I, don't think that really discounts. The broader point here, I feel like it's kind of rhetoric, though, that can really lead to to fanatics. Doing stupid things you know billionaire shouldn't exist. It implies that they're inherently evil. Do you know what I mean I guess I mean you can take it that way: I'm not calling for them to be killed. I just know you're, not as you're saying kind of I mean that's. Why we're saying it's a dangerous statement? Yeah! That's why it's a slippery slope anyway! I voted for Bernie I. Just think you that that's the one thing I don't like, because this whole eat the rich mentality, because, while I agree people there's people are way too [ __ ], rich right, but the whole demonizing them is, is not the right way. You have to fix this. You fix this within the system of government. That's broken, I mean that's. What he's talking about doing I mean. What does he I mean again? Are we talking about? You know guillotine people. Well, it's just the way you talk about it like. If you ask young about it, you wouldn't say yeah: they shouldn't exist. You would say it's fortunate that they exist, but it's not a billionaire. Damn he's richest, bernie yeah yeah, but he's also a capitalist to his core and yeah. He doesn't believe in that. No, but the point is that they kind of believe in the same thing, but there is a different way of phrasing. It I'm presenting an argument that could be toxic where you say they just shouldn't exist or what yang is saying is a lot more accepting, but he would want to correct it. Let's get some of their money and use it for us yeah. It's not saying that they shouldn't exist. Yeah yeah, someone asked yang in the Town Hall they go. Should someone like Mike Bloomberg be able to spend three hundred million dollars on their own campaign? He said yes, I do think so. There's a capitalist society. He gets spend his money on whatever he wants. Yeah. Ultimately, you can't buy yourself the presidency. It has diminishing returns right at a certain point. You're just gonna start annoying. People like it can only do so. Much for you so and, and frankly, I do agree with that tape. I agree, I, don't think mine, I, don't Bloomberg's, not stealing the first of all. The only reason Bloomberg's trending is because he actually has credentials look at somebody like Tom Steyer, who's, standing, close to the same amount and nobody [ __ ] cares about Tom Steyer he's not spending anywhere close dude. He spent like you know he defend. 200 million Wow get your facts. Man get your facts. A he spent two hundred million dollars, that's nowhere close to what Bloomberg has outspent all of the other candidates, dude I'm. He has spent tens of millions of dollars dan. It was just a hundred a second ago. Is it tens or hundreds, hundreds of millions? That's what I meant to say. Look it up. Dude tell me get my facts. Straight Tom story has spent I would say half as much as Bloomberg, which is two hundred million versus four hundred million. That guy is spent as much money as yeah. Two hundred million do I have my facts straight. This is from January 17th Bloomberg has spent 200 million. Is that you're talking about now, Bloomberg I spent a million right Stiers spent a hundred twenty-three. Where are you could I say 200? This is NPR. What are you reading, but my point is that he spends he spent ten hundreds of millions of dollars. That's a lot of money and nobody [ __ ] cares about him. That is true. So are my facts straight well again: Blume I was still correct. Bloomberg has spent more than all do you think that if, if steyr spent the same amount as Bloomberg he'd be pulling the same know, everybody knows her stories he bought every ad. He could. Bloomberg is trending because he has a political experience. He has name recognition and and and people like him, people who I know a lot of New Yorkers that like Bloomberg and so it's not that you can just buy the election like Tom Sawyer's the case in point I spent. Let's say he spent at least a hundred million dollars. He spent two hundred million. That's what I've heard, but nobody [ __ ], cares about him. So so I think that's a good point. You can't buy an election I mean you could get pretty close, no but bloom. You know and Bloomberg's still not gonna get it in either. You know so there you go and Trump. On the other hand, didn't spend any money, so I mean you so I mean the evidence shows that you cannot buy an election because both the guys are failing. What did you mean about Trump, though you didn't spend any money? Well, he didn't spend that much money did he. He didn't spend much of his own money. If that's what you mean like the way the Bloomberg is well, he raised money and ton of it, yeah and and well anyway. My point is that I agree with Andrew that they can do, spend the money. However, they want, but this notion that they can buy elections, this kind of materially false, because they're failing to buy the election, both of them hope you're right about that is anyone want to chime in Zack and in silence, radio silence, no silence nobody's fighting. Nobody wants to get into the [ __ ] I. Don't want to copy all this yeah I'm, not touching this one man well I appreciate, but this is a good conversation right. I mean look, I voted Bernie I would make that clear. You know I, like everything. I I generally agree with all of his policies like Medicare for all free college like prison reform. All this [ __ ], reducing military spending, I'm down with all that [ __ ]. You just don't agree that it's a moral violation or wrong for somebody to be a bill in there yeah one metric. That doesn't mean anything. Do you understand what I'm saying like? If you follow all the rules, you can still become a billionaire, so why are we demonizing billionaires and by the way, there's a big difference between 1 billion in one hundred and thirty billion right, yeah, there's an even bigger difference between 2 million and sixty billion yeah, which is why I agree. Sanders isn't isn't like he's not like I mean he's wealthy 202 million dollars a lot, but he's not rich right. So you still stand by the statement that billionaires shouldn't exist. Yeah all conversation, yes, I absolutely do and you're not gonna convince me otherwise, and so are you willing to kill a billionaire? Take his money by force, I mean all power. Is violence and so I mean no I? Don't I don't want to kill them, but you know if they don't want to pay their taxes, they can go to jail like anybody else would I agree, but that's not. What's that the question at hand, let's say somebody take all the rules. Let's say somebody follows all the rules. Mm-Hmm everything we've got all these new taxes and everything, and then somebody still manages to make 50 billion dollars he's paying his workers really what you'd like Jeff Bezos, for example, he pays. Let's say he gives everyone a raise great salary, great benefits. He starts paying taxes like he's supposed to he's still gonna be worth like 50 billion dollars because he's worth 130 now so he's still gonna be mega wealthy, even if he does all those things what she should do it by the way yeah. But so what happens? Then you got a guy worth 50 billion dollars and he's following all your rules. I mean I. Think if he followed all the rules, he wouldn't I. Don't I don't buy into your scenario. He wouldn't have 50 billion dollars. You don't think seventy billion dollars would go far enough to do all that. [ __ ] I mean not. If he's I'm, not if we implement a wealth tax, not if we're you know actually implementing progressive tax rates, I mean so how high does the highest regressive tax rate go? Uh I mean I, don't know off the top of my head. Well, just give me an idea, because by the way, this tax plan that Bernie put forward is caps at 52% federally caps at 52%. Over, like you know what over like quarter million or something yeah exactly so, every dollar over a quarter million you're paying and that's the two cents on that dollar and that's the highest tax bracket, yeah. Okay, so Bernie disagrees with you apparently wait. What what do you mean he's highest tax bracket he's proposing is fifty two percent on anyone over a quarter million. Doesn't he also want to implement a wealth tax? Oh I, don't know I mean I was assumed that the brackets would just go on the tax where it's like. If you make over a million, then it's this much, but the wealth tax was on I, don't know what I don't know if that's separate I, don't know, I believe that that's separate. That's what you're talking about his income down? What's the wealth tax tell me about that well tax, what it's like! What's he proposing two percent somebody looked that up, I want to say: Ernie is saying two percent well tax for money over like 20 million or something like that's not that bad that won't prevent billionaires over the last thirty two million and not worth of less than sorry. I was also kind of like making sure I'm reading the right thing. It applies to 30 million 32 million and up of net words, and what's the tax I'm reading as I'm trying to understand I want to say I, remember yeah, here, tax rate would increase to 2% on net worth from 50 to 250 million 3% from 250 to 500 million 4% from 500 million to a billion and 5% from 1 to 2.5 billion. It keeps going up, it looks like it puts the highest at 8% over 10 billion. That's not gonna, prevent billionaires either I mean this is annually yeah I mean yeah. Obviously the rhetoric of billionaires shouldn't exist is is just that it's rhetoric. I mean there will be outlier scenarios, but certainly by clamping down on the extreme ends of the wealth. Inequality in this country will at least compress that number and yeah I mean people like Jeff, Bezos or Michael Bloomberg, who have these just really unfathomable amounts of money like like hard to wrap your mind around like more money than anybody like could ever spend in a lifetime type of money right, bringing that down to from a hundred and twenty billion or whatever Jeff Bezos capped at I know we lost a bunch because of his divorce right, but I think at his back, yeah I'm sure he's bounced back. What's that one song I took an L nighttime bounce back, that's Bezos! You know if you get that dude down to two or three billion dollars, which is still again like more money than you could spend. If you were like trying to spend it all type them. That's not true by the way. At that high end, when you're talking about like big tech moves like Elon Musk you, a couple billion dollars, isn't enough money, but we're talking about individual wealth. I mean he messed his own money to make this [ __ ] I'm sure he does, but he also has a lot of investors. Why should he need investors if he's got them the resources to do it himself and then what's where, while these resources in Wester come from, if there's all this huge tax on their money, like is that you can't generate enough money, you need like, let's say twenty billion dollars to make Tesla I feel like that's an exaggeration. I mean it's. Not people are still gonna. Have wealth, I mean it's not going to eliminate wealth altogether. We've had a very long conversation about this. We can move on. But my point is that I, don't like those statements, I think they're dangerous billionaires shouldn't exist. We need more nuance than that. Yeah agree to disagree. I feel like you just agreed with me the whole time. Then you weren't listening to anything I was saying. Didn't you like the whole time about a fact? We agree about the concept of taxing and regulating and all that stuff, but just stretching sorry all right. Let's move on yeah 20:25, I begrudgingly voted for Bernie. Honestly I I was I begrudgingly I'm, not a hundred percent Bernie, but I voted for him because I know you're. You said you were considering between him and Bloomberg right. Well, I wanted to see how Bloomberg did in the debate and he ate [ __ ], so I just I want to fall in line now. I want to support the party. That's what I want to do and I do like Bernie I, like his policies, I, don't want to see what he can do in office, so I I support, Bernie I mean currently to me. Bernie is the best option. Yes, I want to angle more yeah, but it never happened for yangban, listen, here's the reality is that with all this stuff, the the whole strategy and I mean they'll, never like say this out loud because you got to like stick to your line or whatever. But for so long the Democrats have always just been about compromise and meeting in the middle in yada-yada-yada and that's why we get these like very, like incremental, or you know, think things like Obamacare, which is like you know it's objectively better than the situation from before, but nobody's really happy with it kind of solutions and I. Think what's good about his rhetoric and saying things like billionaires, shouldn't exist is like obviously, billionaires are gonna continue to exist in this country. It's not going to be able to eliminate billionaires, but when you start from that point, you know ideologically, then, when you inevitably meet in the middle, because that is what politics and the country is about is about compromise you're compromising in a place. That's like on your own terms. Instead of always I just think the rhetorics dangerous, yeah well I mean I, hear what you're saying. But ultimately you got to be careful about about the words you use because well, it's crazy find out you're worried about getting dragged out to the park and getting your head lobbed off. You told us that the other day well and I told you because you voted for Bernie. You have a pass you're good right, we're not gonna. Just remember: I voted for Bernie next art guillotine by the way, I'm, not that rich I mean I'm I'm wealthy, but I'm, not rich you're like Bernie wealthy, yes, I'm burning! Well, there you go he's got more houses than you. He yes yeah, so what the [ __ ], he doesn't live in. La yeah he broke, but but those three houses combined might be one house in LA. So we've we've talked about a lot here and who I hate? Hates politics me: do you know what I know I've actually liked it I like know, but lately cuz I feel like it's like. The counterculture is like [ __ ] shut up shut up over here politics until the TV everywhere going here's a late night shut up. It's so everybody avoids it. Nobody talks about, but here that's why I like it I like when people actually express how they feel it's refreshing, because I I, like when people I care about actually talk about what they think it's it's refreshing and therefore I like talking about it. I mean I, guess I mean it's not political show but hates I enjoyed the part about the man is in the hair. More we've got it all. I mean the the thing this is. You know, I get why people get fatigued by it, I get why they don't want to hear about it. It's all over the place, but um. You know, I. Think a lot of people have really woken up in the last since, since 2016, it's been a wake-up call to a lot of people that, like these things matter, and they have kind of like a direct material impact on how we live. Our lives like how things are going in the world and you know Dan is woke, you can't I mean you just say: well, you can't ignore it. I mean I hate the whole woke culture and all that [ __ ], it's [, __ ] annoying as hell, but you know, as far as becoming politically aware, maybe more than what we all right. That's enough politics, Jase stations all channel was demonetized. There's no link here. You like your phone, is making I just heard the proof against it. What another I heard the sound, but it's on there look I, don't care about the mom I'm he's still hearing silence happening. You got turned your [ __ ] phone off well was room for my craft. I, don't have a link to Jays station. Do monitor that's so weird, but anyway Jay station. Oh, he made a video called goodbye, so Jay station YouTube actually demonetized this whole channel. Isn't that epic, like one day, do you monetize, logan paul after suicide force yeah, so they they enacted the same. It's like imminent uh. Is that wartime rules? What do they call that when they can like take over your house during war? And it's oh, my or during our show wha Marsh? Well, it's like martial law yeah. Let's say that YouTube's about this martial law rule so they do monetize this whole Channel. So awesome he goes, I really lost. Who I was in pursuit of success? I, don't know how long I'm gonna take a break for could be a week could be a month could be here I here, I'm calling it right now, I guarantee he'll take a week a break for two weeks, which is the amount of time he's been demonetized and I'll be back the day. He can earn money again, what's up guys, so this video is like only I'm, usually only on a guy like this fine success did you'll be back in two weeks. Enjoy your vacation with you guys, just listen to me. Listen to me and remember: I said this: does he know how long he has two weeks? He knows that they do him that, yes, hmm, so he's just saying that he's taking a break. So what YouTube does is they say you get two weeks of no monetization and in that time you need to remove all your videos shredder. What's up with you here, it says you Jay station will have the opportunity to regain monetization. Youtube says what the broad caveat that he must address. All revelant is relevant issues with this channel for comparison's sake in the case of Logan Paul pre-roll ads return to Paul's channel roughly two weeks after YouTube's suspended them, though he remained on probation for ninety days remaining. He was ineligible to appear on trending I've, been on probation, my whole life to [, __, ], meaning he's ineligible to appear on trending or in any notification from non subscribers whoa. How long have I? How long have I been on probation ten years? So anyway, just remember I said this. He's gonna be back in exactly two weeks when he gets ads back so enjoy your vacation. J station ninja kind of I haven't got to anything. How long have we been going? I likely haven't, talked about anything yeah like an hour 15 hour, 20 or so mm-hmm yeah we're hit some random about 41 minutes and the first half plus the break was about 40, yes about an hour. 20 mm-hmm, somewhere around there feels longer sounds like I'm having a lot of fun. Doesn't it um, ninja, controversial, tweet, alert, controversial, tweet, alert, alert, alert, alert, alert some. What y'all think about this? Let's have a group discussion. What's with this guy eating a sandwich, I'm curious what he has to say: I'm gonna get back to him in a minute. He says he tweets out the phrase. It's just a game. It's such a weak mindset. You are okay with what happened losing in perfection of a craft when you stop getting angry after losing you've lost twice, there's always something to learn a no it's room for improvement, never settle well before I call an action one wash. It was so we're talking about 2:00 this morning. I am eating a sandwich right now that [ __ ] was so returned about to respond in another language. What does sweater leave me alone? Somebody let trigger. So what do you think about that tweet? So when I, when I first saw it and there was trending and everyone was like [ __ ] on him I, my first reaction was that I didn't really get it like. What's, who cares I'm not again, yeah I really get. What's the big deal about what I said, because to me having grown up playing video games raging is like the saddest most pathetic thing you could do and that's when you hate yourself the most because you should so I guess: I, don't even really know. What's raging it's so toxic when you grow up playing online video games, the the raging toxic mentality is just it ruined, it can ruin the game, and so what I see is a dude that has anger problems with his game and he's trying to justify yeah getting angry I mean I, don't think he says when you stop getting angry after losing you've lost twice I, don't think most professional athletes would agree, I, think being Zen and accepting her loss and and I even killed kind of you know, a from Zen approach was way more healthy, they're, getting angry I. Think if you get angry, you've lost twice, I think he's got it backwards and it's just a game. I mean it's, not a weak mindset. I, don't know why you say that those look at all these mean so it goes on, but the more I read it. It just feels kind of crazy. The whole statement- I, don't know he says yes, I agree. Oh here's a video of him explaining himself. Let's see this is the excuse. It's just a gimmick. If anyone ever uses the excuse, it's just a game. I'm gonna, lose my mind. Imagine telling LeBron James Tom Brady that one that there one that, when their stall off after losing game that it's just a game like I'm gonna lose like. Are you kidding me you're, so stupid? It's about the competitive nature! Bro! It's about respect about pride. It's so much bigger than a video game. I can't really get past the blue, hair. I'm being honest, it's a horrible human being. It is lazy, really you're, a little lazy. Human being you know. That's lazy. Well, anyway, is funny because he said imagine LeBron James, saying it's just a game and the guys actually found a quote of LeBron, saying and I. Don't think anyone? Why are the dogs going wild shredder you killing me shredder, you're, killing me I. Don't think anyone will argue that LeBron James isn't a better athlete than ninja, but LeBron James claims. Basketball is just a game. He says and I'm more comfortable about it, because it's just a game. I prepare myself I'm gonna go out and do my job and live with the results. See that's an elevated athlete. That's a guy. Who's worked on his mental game because the mental game is super important. You got to make sure you keep your [ __ ] together yeah, because ultimately this is just a game. Otherwise he's got angry and anger, as we all know, was the dark side of the force. Did you know that no but I get it so LeBron James disagrees with ninja, interesting I. Guess that's first I just didn't really I saw it and I didn't think about it twice and I was like. Why is everyone freaking out about this? I mean it's not that big of a deal he's just kind of douchey, but but yeah also he's a rager like he has a lot of moments. Where he's like a lot of the sound bites you hear is him raging, but I just feel like I I. Don't think this is a good thing to tell kids, because there is a big problem with kids raging and it's not healthy to say that it's just a game as a weak mindset. Alright, then it's a lazy, that's stupid! You think, if you don't get angry you're lazy than you than your lazy ass ain't, what I don't want all these kids walk around all agree over for tonight. Hmm, you know what I mean it's definitely just a game: dude would I. Would you ever say this is just a podcast. How dare you ever say that to me after the Bill burr episode, would you say it's just a podcast? It's a way of life. It's so much more than that. There's a coronavirus story in the news. There's a hotel and I don't know in Italy, but with the so crazy good guy with a thousand guests, I think it said and someone there tested positive for Corona and they quarantined the whole [ __ ] hotel. This stuff is like my nightmare when, when people talk somewhere now like this hotel, a thousand people, the people that are stuck on the cruise ship, the cruise is the worst nightmare. There's nothing to the cruise is the worst. That's so much worse, tiny little rooms in the hotel life now you're stuck in a tiny room. Phobic! You know you don't have your stuff, you just stuck. We do feel quite isolated, shut up. That's what you get for going on vacation! That's what you get for going on vacation interest by the way, people that accent! Okay, sorry! Here, let's finish it! Let's finish it I, take it back, I'm! So sorry to them there. My heart goes out to them. We have a number I had with reception to see what's happening, but we've got to know water I'm sure they'll get a motor, but you know what's funny all these people on the cruise ships they got trapped, I'm like that's what you get for going on a cruise on a cruise I would agree, but these guys are just in Italy. That's what you get for going to Italy. So I saw a picture of the of the note they sent like they slipped it under everyone's door and they Barney should run on. No cruises should exist. That's a good platform! That's a really good platform. Let's get rid of the cruise. Let's sink all cruise ships yeah, so ninja, ninja, baka da da da. Also, do you guys agree with my take? Can we get some hot eggs from the backstage on the ninja to you, yeah yeah, it's cringy as oh like it's. It is just a game shut up, dude, it's for night bro yeah, not a big deal, especially I mean everything that he's saying and trying to compare it to like real sports. It's like! Maybe you would have an argument if, like you were, was in like a tournament or something that were like something's on the line, but if you're just like streaming playing game, it's too, like the equivalent, be like LeBron James, like freaking out and punching drywall for losing in a practice. Corny that looks like when professional athletes go raging. I mean that's such a bad luck. Yeah! It's like it's like imagine, chess players every time they lose. They just flip the board. The thing is I mean he was obviously heated. Although I guess he followed the tweets yeah, he did stand by it. I mean that's stupid thing to stand by I mean overall. What he's saying about like you should learn from your experience and like like you should be passionate like he was just using the word passion instead of anger. It would probably come across a lot better. That's not what he meant I know, but he doubled down yeah, it's like no! You should be [, __, ] pissed off and it's like he's gotta, remember, kids. The kids are watching him like I'm, when I used to get angry like that over video games. It's just so embarrassing, it's so much self-loathing and you'll have to self load. That's not acceptable. Behavior he's trying to encourage people to embrace this attitude and not hate yourself for raging over a video game. You should hate yourself is not good behavior yeah! Thank you. Thank you. Everybody next story, oh and then this whole ninja I have more ninja news. Are you interested you? Mm-Hmm ninja was hacked, and then he tweeted at this other fortnight player fight me and then the whole other fortnight player made this all budget. It was obviously hacked, and so now this other fortnight player was really popular. To wants to fight him for real now, but backer said yeah, and he knows it was a hacker. So now he made like a video being like I want to fight. Ninja I got like I got beef with it and like near, not man enough to fight minutes like dude. He didn't tweet it to you, but he knows that. So are you interested in that story? Mmm! No! Okay, Paul Jake Paul gets body slammed by gigi hadid Noah cookin. Now we're cooking, it's Jacob, all the most irredeemable person on YouTube right, yeah Jake about J station. We just talked well J station is such a concentrated son bag. Jake Paul is action out there trying to actually scam kids and tell him not to go to school. Like you can't talk, yeah the greedy [ __ ], the greeting Nick Paul, said now he's talking about Zayn from one direction he said almost had to clap up Zayn I'm, assuming that means like punch, clap up the end. You know that mean gonna, clap those cheeks yeah, clap his cheeks Oh for real, like slap him spank, his ass or his face slap. The fan give it a nice little space, giving a little red bottom. Okay almost had to clap up Zayn from one direction because he's a little guy I'll tall. Is he uh look that up or is he talking about his build? Because Jake is now a professional boxer? He was five nine Oh on the shorter side, so he so he tweets out he's a little guy, I mean god. You're such a douchebag there's dias, it's like what's wrong dude and has an attitude and basically told me to [ __ ] off no reason when I was being nice to him, saying I, know you're. Reading this stop being angry because you came home alone to your big-ass hotel room ha ha ha. Can you imagine like Jake Paul boom, like assuming people want to hang out with him he's so embarrassing like he is like imagine. If Zane hung out with Jake Paul, he would lose so much street credibility. Besides the fact of actually hanging out with Jake Paul, which in this of itself is just an awful night, I mean welcome to. If he wants to, but I don't know. Justin Bieber apparently was hanging out with them on this, and also, let me also say super embarrassing super embarrassed, but this tweet I want that yummy yummy I, wonder if he wrote that song in Logan Paul's locker room I want that yummy yummy yummy and then he follows it up. I bro, he literally started yelling and freaking. The [ __ ] out you want to test me mate well, I feel bad for childhood stars. Okay, so that's Jake, Bohm, wait! No I kind of I think he wishes. He was no. He was on Disney yeah. He kind of is wait, I'm fine! He was like wasn't I'd, I apprec-- here, but he was on bizarre barkal and like two years ago yeah, but he wasn't a child yeah kind of like that. But Zane wasn't a childhood star. He was like the same age as Jake when Jake is not far from a childhood star. Let's just say that he's as far as as Zane is cuz, did they get famous like on the singing competition, One, Direction, x-factor, yeah, an x-factor and then I think they were probably 16, 17 18 years old, so Jake was by the same definition. A child star. I, definitely agree with you that it's ironic, then Gigi Hadid, who is the girlfriend of Zayn, came over the top eight hundred and thirty thousand likes in a response, not even a retweet or anything. This is great response. She said law because he doesn't care to hang with you and you're embarrassing crew of YouTube groupies I feel like that. Is such an apt description of what yeah. What's going on yeah home alone, with his best friends like a respectful, King cuz, he has me sweetie unbothered by her irrelevant ugly ass, go to bed yep and that common actually went viral and beat his ass into such swift and harsh submission. The next day he erased his original tweets and said someone needs to take my phone when I'm drunk because I'm a [, __ ] idiot well I'm afraid that that may not have to do with the alcohol that you're also [ __ ] it we were sober, yeah I, think he also on purpose. Like me, spelled his name like he doesn't know how to spells Nia Jake is the worst I mean he really is the worst I think he's my least favorite person on the planet. Right now, because of that holes, you make money, scam, the scamming things real, but then this whole entitlement of like being entitled to this dude's attention because he didn't want to hang out with you. I mean dude. Okay, your [ __ ] call us someone a little guy, especially when you are actually not a little bit like someone like Jake, which is pretty fit and probably pretty tall I. Don't know we met him, he's like the same height as me. Maybe it's right. It's all her! So six foot I'm calling someone else a little guy is an insult is like the worst thing you can do. In my opinion, it's just you look so bad I, don't know just so spiteful yeah! It's got this poison in him to say something like that below the belt yeah, but I, don't like it. I think he's just bitterly jealous, because Zayn is actually famous. Actually talented, actually is dating a model and is respected and it and he he's just so that's what he want so bad and meanwhile he's dating Tana mangu. If you could imagine Joe I guess it's pronounced Mongoose. It is no I, don't know, but imagine dude he's dating Tana yeah I would want to [ __ ] be drunk every night - damn are they still think. I already saw pictures of Logan with her oh yeah, now Logan's [, __ ], her isn't the best. Well, that was like a spoof. No that's real yeah. They were ever really dating. I feel like it's everything that I would honestly rather pierce. I would rather give myself a. What do you call that when you pierce the tip of your penis Prince Albert, yeah I would rather give myself watch Albert than hang out what I didn't always call her Prince Albert I, don't know where that comes from wait is Albert, the one that hangs out with Epstein. No that's Andrew Michael Bloomberg, that's right, Brad, Brad, whatever that guy hung up with everybody, it's dad he's like he's a New York social yeah, yeah he's in New, York socialite hung out with everything he's taking a picture with every notable person in New York, like I mean if you find one picture of them together. That doesn't mean that Bloomberg is full. He was in his rolodex - yeah. Multiple contact numbers tell me about it. I just did okay, that's not enough to convict him and say: there's a [ __ ]. No, he may be a crazy sick. Oh you said creep yeah yeah that he's a [ __ ]. For some reason did he make a good crab gangsta he's an anti crypt. He took all their guns right, so that's Gigi, Hadid Gigi, mega dude, it's more like Gigi, Jake Paul. You know, I'm, saying good game mega dudu. That was pretty badass, he's, probably he's. Probably like oh yeah cuz. He don't want to answer cuz. It's like below him. He's like this is just so stupid that this kids tweeting at me and then GG came in like, like you know. Why aren't you blessed? You do blast out tweets like this. For me when people come yeah, you do you write no either right. I love! No! No yeah you're a queen like Gigi Hadid. It hasn't happened in a long time, but I have done. That's true. You have Ryder died for me. Did you guys both know who gigi hadid was when he saw this? I did she's been yeah ever since I'm, like more into fashion, I kind of know? No, that's true! Well, you know, I didn't know. Maybe like a year ago, I didn't either but I see I, see. What's her sister's name, Bella I see Bella Hadid everywhere right, we're both supermodels or you know, but no right, I didn't know. There was two of them till recently, I didn't know. There was two of them until this tweet I was like, but she's mega famous like she has so many followed. I know: I was blown away. It just shows how out of touch I am like. This person has like 30 million I'm kind of in the same boat as you, cuz I was well aware of Bella, Hadid, I, think they're also part of their like Kardashian crew and all those the Hadid ISM that summer I think that mom was famous, so deeds they're part of those I did their dad is a like he's. A rich [, __ ], but he's broke now because he went belly-up on this one construction project in Bel, Air that they tore down. Yeah, read about that and the brother is dating one of the biggest pop stars right now. What pop star do? A Lipa? Oh yeah, you could say her name, yeah yeah I was just so her dad I read about this in the paper. He was doing one of these bel-air mega mansions, that are like least 150 million dollar mega mansions and he didn't get the permits. So the city's, like you, got to tear the whole [ __ ] thing down. Oh yeah, look at that. He was also sentenced to 200 hours of community service. Oh my god, that's so community for a guy like that. So their mom is one of the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, oh my god, God sure you're, all better than that. Let me see a photo ver. What's your name, she was also models. What's her name, Yolanda Hadid Yolanda Yolanda Yolanda Yolanda yeah she's been through the wringer, alright yeah how's Papa. This is the dual mission: Papa Ethan I, miss pop every day. Jamie get to I thought you guys were buddies. I'm talkin callin me me, which sister is more attractive in your opinion. I actually don't know them enough to well here today, who is who? Let me see, let me get up family remember. We thought we. There was a whole thing where they said. What's her name, Bella's right scientifically beautiful personal I, agree, I, think she's more attractive. If I am so wait, ballets the one on the left yeah, it's not a great picture, er yeah, I, guess I think so, but they're both pretty obviously Gigi's, the one on the left. No, no Gigi's in the middle you ding-dong Gigi's in the middle. Yes, oh I, guess I, don't know culture, no I agree with that. You can see her nips through this one. It's pretty awesome! Well, I mean what can I do it's mesh they're, not showing it? Well, you guys didn't, show it well. It was on screen for a second ever I. Think it's fine right. You didn't cut away real fast covered. Oh, don't ask me: we can blur it cut it just cut, it will cut it post cut, it's not worth it. They're like yeah. Well, there was a nipple on the screen at the one, our and 26 minutes and we're going to monetize and mature rate, your entire to our podcast. Okay, that makes sense, make sense. Gigi, hadid, Wendy Williams is back in the news. We love Wendy, Williams Carrie, we all know jus Carrie, a host of The Price is Right and comedian. His ex-girlfriend was murdered, thrown out of a hotel window, and this is Wendy. Williams hot topics take. It says hot topics behind her listen closer to this show monster, drew carey's. Ex-Fiance was tragically murdered over the weekend. Look look: it was like three o'clock on Saturday morning uh-huh and there was screaming in the neighborhood in LA. She lived with a roommate, a girl, roommate and the roommate heard the screaming the neighbors all around the neighborhood heard the screaming screaming and they called 9-1-1 once the cops got there. She was down there dead on the ground. Yep um was pushed off of a third-floor balcony. I'll. Give you a little backstory, so she was killed not by drew, but by by the ex. Oh well, so impressive, right, Rice's right yeah when they announce someone gets to compete, they say come on down. So Frank is his ex-fiancee falling off the balcony that coming on down and you'll notice, the crickets even her like dude I'll, give you a little backstory, so she was killed not by drew, but by by the ex come on down. Why she's a [, __, ] nasty piece of work? Isn't she she's farted right now there you hear that listen closely. Do you hear that I think she ripped that hear it? Why are you putting allegedly the stories everywhere? All right lawyer, lady, she threw allegedly in there hasn't been convicted. The ex-boyfriend has the big bit yeah I, like how they're, like allegedly she's, like [ __ ], you, he burnt, he's a murder I like how she's like not drew Carey by the way as if anyone was accusing drew Carey of murder. So that's Wendy, Williams being the worst. There's a tell me what you think about the Batman suit. There's lots of controversy around the new Batman suit. Does that bother you? What is the controversy people think it looks dumb, but this takes place like in the infancy of Batman I like it I have no problem. I got no problem, no problem, no problem for me. Why is everyone hating everything Daniel hater play it play it? Zach I do actually hate that cost of -. No, it's appropriate. Why? Why isn't that bad I mean it's not bad at all, plague Dan the hater. Would you do we actually made that because we wanted Dan to do a segment dan, the hater, about goop on Netflix, but we decided that it's not even worth it for a whole. Well, I uploaded some test footage and it immediately got ranked struck yeah so and I'm so afraid of them. Removing global worldwide. That I'm, like that's just it's such a nightmare, yeah, that's stupid! Well, New, York time, Oh, Bennet, there's a big announcement. The pic of Ben Affleck statu, you uh, the worst tattoo ela says ever played on a man's stars had become my favorite tattoo. What what does that mean just cuz I? So iconic at this point it's so awful well, he said it really is off a story came out and he lied about not having it. That's the big story so yeah he that was part of the calculation of why I was the worst. Someone asked him. Let's talk about honesty for a minute shouldn't. He have been honest from the start about the damn back tattoo. Rather than telling extra was fake for a movie. He said, I resented that somebody got a picture of me by spying on me. It felt invasive, but you're right I could have said that it's none of your business I could have said I. Guess I got a kick out of messing with extra. Is your tattoo real or not real? Of course it's real, no I put a fact tattoo on my back then hit it thoughts. It does kind of give me perspective, because I could imagine the situation now and if I can imagine him trying to hang out on a personal thing and someone is like taking a photo that he didn't want to be out there and then people ask him: is it real and then I can see him like saying no, it's fake. You know like you're, just messing with them yeah like, and then that became a whole story. I, don't think he was really trying didn't like. How can you deny that? That's real you don't bring it yeah that to to the beach yeah on that scale, so I can give him a little credit points. Okay, so is it still the worst I still don't like it at all? It's so big and ugly, but I feel bad for him. There you go one simple statement cleared everything up, so is goat hole or the qaol, or no that one Israeli guy with the eyes on the back of it. Yeah I, guess that way, bigger than Ben Affleck, though well I'm we're almost to the end. Here. I've got a couple of goofs of Fame that we've been building up on my new rapid-fire hair Flat Earth, Cyril wife walks in on him doing a riveting. This is not to scale, of course, the pump could not the earth Millie added bail. No, they give me like five minutes, she's freezing and hungry, by the way, if I can make this story even better, this was uploaded by him on his channel called life with a globe Arthur on Flat Earth, saying: look how I'm discriminated by globe, Arthur's I feel like anyone who starts talking about a librarian should be hit with this. Can you cut the fact with you? Yeah Barry seems to be [. __ ] married one of these people. Awesome we've got one kiss tribute: bands, hair catches on fire watch the music here Zack! Thank you. It's done! This is the most metal thing ever there's a guy playing guitar on stage pyrotechnics go off. His hair is so laden with hairspray it catches on fire. There's a full blown infernal on his head straight up, smoldering Flint, his head there's a huge flame on his head. He is still playing music has not stopped. The roadies come comes slamming in from the side, with a fire extinguisher put out the fire redo his hair and he never stopped playing, never batted an eye. His hair, his head, was on fire and he played through it medals. How medal is that be unbelievable thing? You could pull that off. Zack I could try it flame on his head, the danger of hairspray. Yes, what is this? Third I did not label this video, so I'm clicking. Oh yeah, look at this bro. You go my god. The Crown Prince of Dubai just posted this. He said a major milestone and the quest to achieve 100% autonomous human flight. The milestone is about speed and altitude, so there's some dude and a jetpack one dude one jetpack one dream and he just he's on at work and jumped off he's floating, and then he just lies the [ __ ] off and what I am fascinated by. He just flies the [ __ ] off thank God and he's like dude and then my like, there's no explanation where he went how deal and that guy's dead. It's Team Rocket, dude yo, that's a one-way flight! I love that, like how your land is like the biggest yeah. It's easy to put on check that [ __ ] blow your blow away, but actually that reminds me and this kind of ties in with the first video that you just saw. Did you see the story yesterday about the flat earther dude who just killed himself? No, why he kill himself not by not on not intentionally didn't commit suicide. He was. You may have seen him in the news he's a flat earther who built a rocket a homemade rocket to go up to a high enough elevation to be able to take his own photos to prove that the earth is flat. Well, he did a test over the weekend, a test flight and he smashed his homemade rocket. So they take an airplane you could have. You could have just not been trying to prove that the earth is flat and [ __ ] wrong. You could have just listened this guy at a pumpkin in his kitchen yeah, it's not scale. Some people are meant for greatness and they I love that the Crown Prince of Dubai is just this is his vibe he's just I want when I was an autonomous human flight. This is extraordinary. This is not extraordinary. This is. This is a dude who just committed suicide. Look at this peace is a guy everybody. What no all right so shout out to Dubai who was uh who's, really making it happen out there. The roll patrol who know this is a video that really tickled my buns love the roll, but we've been [ __ ], quoting this at the office for the last week. So I'll just play this, for you is there sound or so this is some dude who has like a hidden case in Rob's. You know, there's like a bread section in Rob's and there's some homie. Oh, it looks like he's sitting in a like mobility, scooter, shopping, cart and he's filming. This dude grab a roll. So here you go. Am I right that he's in a mobility scooter? What's so low the camera so low, okay, I'm, sorry, I, paused it and I missed the the crime? Take place he smells the roll throws it back in you. You specially use the wax paper when you touch the rolls I'm broke patrol dude. Ah you supposed to use a wax paper and you're sniffing them and then you're touching them and put them back. They smell like [, __, ]. Okay, just do me a favor just pick up the ones you touched and buy them because I don't want I, don't want I, don't know where your dick beaters been me pick them the [ __ ] up and put them in your bag or I'm gonna. Even you up he's sitting. Look where his finger was he's, definitely sitting it's not sitting but look. Why is the camera so low? And then here he stands up like like blushes, that's name, I'm, ruining the video for view 11. It sounds low, pick up the football watch, this finger in your bag or I'm gonna. Even you up, I'm Tony right now, I'm gonna, even you to [ __ ] that watch this pick him up. Oh, he doesn't stand up. I'll trip disgusting I know when you'd roll baby. Can you believe how he got through to that guy he's like even [, __ ] up I, don't know if we did justice to the video cuz I [, __ ] it up yeah yeah, but it's epic roll Patrol did we watch it again and me just sit back or does that ruin it further I don't know, but the guy really did a 180. He goes. He goes put that in your bag and buy it. He goes okay, he's like it's [, __, ] disgusting I know it's like some tough guy mm-hmm. So this guy must have been huge scary, dude, the roll Patrol serious business. How do we get ahold of the roll patrol I want that guy in here as well? He scares me no rough one to find anything, can you guys looking over finding the roll patrol guy I mean I, guess so yeah? What do you? What do you want to talk to roll patrol guy about to? But don't I want to talk to Roberto got about it's [, __, ] roll but yeah. Finally, I wanted to get you guys takes on a huge collaboration between KFC and Crocs. The collaboration everybody's been waiting for, of course, is the Kentucky Fried Chicken X Crocs. It looks like a giant bucket of KFC and it's got a little trinket of of a fried chicken on the front, it's disgusting, and then they have one. Oh it's just this I thought they had a long one, because here in the video they have one that has like high heels yeah and it's like a whole bucket. It's crazy. This promo video is like super well produced. Yeah there yeah, you see that like who is buying this [ __ ] nobody's buying this right. Look at the size of those that is awful, I guess no one I got I. Think the theory of Crocs is that they're ugly, by definition, so they're like the uglier, the better in a way I, don't know if that was their definition when they came out, but I feel like they're just embracing it. No, but still those are unwearable by any definition of the I mean, except for a gag I mean you can't wear those outside. It's like a part of an outfit, a lot of doctors when you think doctors gonna be wearing the KFC cross, I hope mine. Does you think doctors show up more in crosswalk doctors, wear Crocs, no Wendy's dumb? Oh, no! No! Wait. Doctors wear Crocs, yeah, I'm, not sure about that ones. I've seen a lot of chefs wear it chefs make sense. Chefs make sense: doctors, doctors, surgeons, yeah, sir, you sure they like surgeons, wear Crocs like while they're operating yeah, mmm I, just googled. Do doctors wear Crocs and there's a bunch of stuff about how doctors work. You know about the doctors in the crop. It's just like a known thing, the one that the chef's were too, but it's like it doesn't have the holes at the front mm-hmm. It's just solid. You know at the front door check out this linkage. I didn't realize. Crocs were working in shoes, you're getting the roll patrol ones Oh. What the hell! Those are hideous. I, don't like that, show I! Think it's not a classic cross. No, but there is the classic one here. Let me show you yeah: they were the classic ones too, with holes now it holds yeah exactly I bought one pair of Crocs in my life and I left it in the Sun in Vegas and they shrunk by 50%. That's crazy, never same thing like it. What is going on I do not realize crux: has the market card I? Guess I, guess just because I've never worn Crocs? Are they comfortable, yeah I, never worn! It's like really soft plastic. It's all right, I mean I. Guess if you work on your feet all day, why not there's no scald the specialist clog specialist to clog, but I? Don't work, clogs I, wear shoes! Thank you very much! Hmm! Well! That's all we've got here guys. That's it we're thinking of skipping on Friday, because PewDiePie was scheduled and he canceled and we don't have plans for Friday, so darn, but he'll be here next Tuesday. Yes, awesome can't wait! So look forward to that and but but in all seriousness I don't we will not be having episode Friday. We were serious about computing, my thing yeah I'm, sorry I, didn't mean to I'm gonna, say anyway, that we weren't, oh, my throat, is hurting for talking to us um. So what spongebob will be out on Thursday, the spongebob spongebob spongebob I really was wild yeah. That done just wait: baby crazier, [, __, ], there's a lot of work took a long time just working with, like the corporates, the legal [, __, ] I think the contract. Okay, oh that's a whole different world. You guys haven't dealt with before yeah, oh yeah, it was. It was eye-opening but I feel like we learned a lot and I'm ready for it next time but um. You know: we've got friends at at vikon now in licensing department, so there's like a huge a huge list of, but but we're actually working on some other collapse. Now that I'm, like even more excited for I'm trying to cover the wick I, don't know! Why did you ever light it? No yeah I noticed that bad job baby, alright Premium bring in fire. There's a come on Alfredo's over it. You just sitting there staring at me. Buddy, do we are we gonna go to teddy fresh he'll? Are we or are we gonna go home? We are it's actually close to the time we gotta go home. Oh wow, it's already. Oh [, __ ]! So can we just not even go there I'm just gonna stop by because once you stop by it turns into a hole. I have to stop right. Why CEO Ethan I have to stop by what's going on? Okay, no see! What's what fires I need to yeah, but didn't you end up staying for too long you in there 439 well, I know, don't worry. I got no kind of no option dear door, all right I mean we've got the candle burning. How's it smell I mean it's a generic candle, yeah there's just a generic handle. There was a lot of smell when we took it out of the box, but I feel like now. It's just it's a doll left. It's just a candle generica that doesn't even ever smell. I mean it's just a generic. You know. Most candles are perfumed and it has this perfumey smell. It has a perfume, but it's very much less now than it was when we took rose I mean that's. My defining smell rose and it's nice this you know, but it's just a grand. Now it's just a candle candle smell nice yeah. You guys you got to see the dogs they're both just staring at me. Now. You guys wanted to come. You guys usually stay at home, but you wanted to come so no you're living with the consequence yeah we're wrapping it up all right so guys we will not be seeing you on Saturday I apologize. I am so sorry for that. But blame blame Beauty! Fine, there are certain factors are out of control, send in your applications. The Bachelorette is exciting yeah, so we'll follow up on that next week and until then have a fantastic week a fantastic weekend. You are truly the best and we love you just so much so much. Okay, open [Music], [Applause], [Music].