- hello world here, I, am from another dimension. Reporting in I am in a meditative state reporting from the enlightened dimension. To tell you that this is gonna, be a really good podcast today and I'm back you through buying your host. Thank you to equip and stamps.com for sponsoring us. Today. We've got Gus Johnson there. He is go ahead and put the camera on him. I'm back here, I am back again and, and we have with them today, Eddie burr back in the flesh I'm here for the first time also hosts of Gus and Eddie podcast the boys. What does it mean to be a boy yeah? Well, we go out of our way to assert that anyone can be a boy. Absolutely anyone I, don't care if you're a lady or a man or a dog anybody's, a boy, your boys, your buddies, yeah, that's pretty much it yeah! If it's you support your boys, then you're a boy. Can you be dick out like dicks out regardless of gender yeah yeah? And you guys you know, James Charles has like the sisters or whatever this isn't like the flip side of it. But we're just saying the boys: it's not a it's, not a revolt against, not like a rallying cry. Okay, now you guys live together yeah. How long have you guys been living together? We moved here in July of 2018 right, it's like a year and a half about a year and a half where'd. You guys move here from I'm from suburbs of Chicago Chicago I'm from nowhere Wisconsin. And how did you guys end up? How did your paths cross here in Los Angeles? How did we we started DMing each other I think like I, we saw each other's videos and we were super small and we were just like you know, messaging back before I opened up, I sent him just a picture of my [ __ ], and then it was just boys will be boys yeah, but no yeah. It was I. Think Gus had a video that was on trending. It was like, should I always forget it. Was it how to be a professor yeah that one and I just liked it and I went to his Twitter just super low following nobody gave a [ __ ] about this guy? No I was crazy, yeah, and so we just started talking and then, after that we had. We hung out like two months later and then we're just like real-life friends, young men and so now living together for 1.5 years mmm you, you are you're, not you have a girlfriend you're, not it's, not more developed, yeah, yeah, yeah I mean Sabrina yeah, you two years, yeah, okay, [, __ ], our anniversary just happen. I took her on today. You remember, I did remember they. You celebrated its its lucky cuz. It's like I have like her birthday, our anniversary Christmas and then my grandma mom and sisters birthday are all in the first two months of the year, so I just boom boom boom boom, and that's find that very helpful. It's nice because I would I'll be honest with you guys up until, like two years ago, I didn't even I. Couldn't remember everyone's birthday. I still I know three people's birthday and my family I don't know my sisters, my dad's, my mom's birthday, yeah I was like so like, like such a psycho I up until two years ago, didn't know my own mom and dad's birthday. I mean I, knew that general time yeah good. Thank you and I know you're sweet man, so I know that now I'm, better person, I thought it was yeah, maybe you're worse than I, perceive you to be I, think I'm, worse I'm worse than you. In this sense, no I can't hold numbers and dates, though, like I'm good at yeah mean [ __ ], but me numbers are now Eddie. Do you have a significant other? No, not currently, okay, well phil was sure to press me on that on his podcast. What I'm just curious about is that you we have a situation of two young men living together. How does how big is the house you guys ever have these are conflicts but see with you guys living together was it the most I was delicious. You have dish problem yeah. No, we have an AC problem. I was [ __ ], with the AC a lot like cold or hot I, like it warmer little bro, but I mean that's literally, probably the extent of yeah. What temperature you guys I'ma say if it was our this a/c unit, we have, you know sometimes when the actual temperature seems to be different for different places. Yeah 73 in our place, I think is like pretty good, but when Gus was on tour those times, I was cranking it down to 68 every day. Yes, I love it. For me, it's frigid I'm a little cold baby I, like it 75 me too good blend, but yeah we're 75, we're 73 and right away. That's what you wear in the house. You know and I wear shorts even wears nothing short. All year, I was shortened Yeah right, except that there's winter, where you're you, the guy that does that like shorts in the winter like when you were in New York or whatever no I pushed as far as I could, but some days work besides. Just looking like an absolute freak like you're, trying to make a point yeah if you're walking around went there in New York with shorts like this, what tough yeah, if you wear shorts in the winter, though- and you admit it's cold- you're, fine, it's the guys that won't even accept it at all. It's like we all know. We can feel the same thing. You're feeling I was freezing. I was 13. I was freezing through my long pants there, but, but so we've got we're back in the house. Now now tell me about the situation when you prepare a meal in the kitchen. Do you clean up your dishes immediately afterwards, or do you sometimes to leave them in the sink I? Sometimes we leave mine I. Do too yeah, it's I mean that's. The thing is like: if you I know, some people are like real strict about that. You know of like cleaning it up immediately, but it's like I, don't know. Sometimes you tell about you guys, but it doesn't bother. You mostly. The perpetrator, so sounds like I'm like pushing it home to you. Oh no he's chill with it, but I just I, you know. Sometimes all I have a really bad time, especially I'm. Shooting videos like I get in that mindset where I'm like I'll, take this out and like a [, __ ] I could take that load. Laundry put that over there and I get done I'm like I, can't touch that you know like I built up in my room. That's right! I! Just you don't see it so you ever end up washing his dishes. Well, we have a dishwasher, so yeah, putting it and I have am I kind of have a beef with dishwashers they're, not that convenient, because you still have to rinse the plate right yeah, if you just put it in dirty, it's gonna come out with [ __ ] on it yeah. That's so do you ever so. Do you ever rinse his dishes, I mean I'm, sure we've there's been crossover either way, but yeah there's no like there's no animosity, not really not really interested in that, because we used to live with a housemate, our friend Sean, but hello, the the dishes, it's kind of like a thing like, oh I, don't know if you guys are sugarcoating. It I've had a lot of roommates in my life and the dishes was always a point of conflict. What in college? For me, it was huge, yeah, I, terrible I. Think what we get here is that we way too many times order food in so there's a man brother. It's a crab, make and tell me how many bathrooms too bad too. Okay, that's actually on our I. Think last episode of our podcast I was saying that I'm so glad that this was the first time I cuz I went to Community College, so I lived in my parents until I moved out here, and it was the first time that I had lived on. My own I was so glad. I didn't have to share a bathroom with somebody. They shared a bathroom with my siblings, my whole life and I'm. Like I, don't know so not my family. If I could do it well, I'll tell you a story, our good friend Sean shoutout. We would. We have shared one bathroom with him more in Israel. I, listen, there's no easy way, but if there was jizz and the jizz doesn't mix with water- and there was jizz wait like in the tub and stuff like at the drain, because there's ink no in the shower sink because there's like [ __ ], there's like review absorption, the shower the jizz gets stuck at the drain and I would have to be like Sean. You have to go clean. Your jizz out, cuz I'm, not I. First of all, obviously not touch it I'm not going to shower in it those those difficult conversations. I said: dude, you can't jerk off in the shower bro, or at least you you got to make sure it goes down how much hair was in the drain. Even that you don't know what I'm talking well I: don't either there was an absurd amount of hair in the drain, or he has the no it's missus. No, it happened because jizz back me up, you guys know what I'm talking about right, like jizz can get caught in the drain. I I actually do have your back on this. Thank you mixes with the hot water it like coalesce is in today, I think cold water to make it harden up like a shrinky dink or something well. Whatever temperature, the water was yeah and I know this. Is it then cuz? You know. Well, frankly, it's just boy things [Laughter]. What else alright weekend-long is the biggest yeah yeah there's some there's some conflict here. I mean there's any like friend like an occasional disagreement, but you we leave pretty much where you guys disagree about I, don't really like. It's only been like small. If we're ever like, I can only recall a couple of times where there's just something where it's like a misunderstanding, and then we just kind of figure it out. Yeah yeah. We seem like very sweet guys. The two. Oh yeah, we [ __ ] yeah for sure no that's drink. Yeah we drink you drink. What do you guys? Drink I, sometimes I'm, just like a normal, whiskey guy and then now also I've been having a lot of the seltzer stuff on the crave bills for the seltzer yeah I had I really liked. Um I had it recently. It was your friend Curtis brought it, which it's a like High Noon, it's a vodka and they have different flavors, but it's like vodka and pineapple juice and it's carbonate carbonated and I like it that a lot, oh, the murmuration. What do you drink see I'm hard in the seltzer game? I'm happy with I went kind of as well LA when I came out here, I'm hard sell, sir yeah I'm doing hard, seltzer I'm we're drinking the Dasani sparkling and Lacroix and [ __ ] I'm doing Booch every day now, I will say at heart: I think we're Bud Light boys yeah. We always will be drinking like nitro, cold brew, dude I can't have caffeine anymore, I, don't know what what happens. I don't know. Sometimes, in the last year, I start getting panic attacks, mikemaya theme, yeah I mean the tour started. It was when the tour started. My chest got, heightened I couldn't breathe and it was fully like hey sit down. I'm gonna, spin I'm gonna pass out Winston me too, but I'm so interested in drinking coffee. Do you work through it? I go I, guess I, don't like when warm beverages and now I can't drink caffeine. So now I'm that guy, when I do under like a Starbucks I'm like can I get a decaf I think I stand on caffeinated drinks. Do I. Do that yeah like you're at the wrong story? Idiot okay, so we got a couple guys drinking seltzer, alcoholic seltzer you're in your living room. You guys hang out I'm assuming on a nightly basis there. What are we doing? We playing video games watching TV yeah yeah a lot of the time we'll have like main room hangouts, usually when we have people over and then a lot of the time we'll play video games together and then, with like I, said of our friends online playing in a room separately, but we're playing together. Yes and then during the day, we're hanging out in the main room, more mm-hmm. What are we playing dude? We are we're hopping on a lot of PC [ __ ]. Lately, we've been into more how lately that medieval kind of like COD in ancient times kind of [ __ ]. We played raft what out what is out of raft right now, it's kind of in demo we're just kicking around a couple of PC. This reminds me so much of my times with Sean yeah yeah good time, land party stuff well I had a the man who was kept choosing in the shower situation there, but you got your young men. I mean what you guys is age, I'm, 23, yeah, yes, I was that age. At that time, yeah now I'm old, [, __, ], I'm 34 I got a kid. So video yeah, but my only chance to play video games is that, like 11 yeah to 3 a.m. damn, what are you playing we're like legitimately old now, yeah, it's official yeah bro, maybe 35 I've been playing Diablo 3 on ps4 I, actually got into Diablo 3 cuz yeah. My brother got back into it: yeah ps4 and I'm not and I'm, not trying to flex, but I am paragon level. 525 dan didn't play it enough to know what that and that's impressive right, I think so and I'm on the greater rift level, 63 working my way up, wow. That sounds impressed one more time to fritter. So oK we've got the vision, we're at the house you guys living together. What's the plan? Do you guys wake up in the morning and you have like a workday ahead of you Gus that's way more than me, I mean my little post videos why yeah I was about to get to it. First then you got me I'm. Just I am real slow with it. I like to wait. Til, there's something that I really really want to make a wave of inspiration and then I'm also just a terrible procrastinator. So what do you better not rub off on you when you you guys like grinding no yeah I know we do like I I, don't have any interest and I don't think I could do the kind of videos that Eddie does cuz, there's so much like comedy lievable into the little details, I, really like it, like just the intro cards and stuff to all the transitions. I just get so picky and editing where I'm like it sounds like a [, __ ] nightmare I. Don't want to do all that [ __ ], you guys, -! You have very it's clearly very different approaches to making youtube videos. Mmm get him you're like a Viner, really in your approach to youtube it not too, and not as a hint. No I, don't take it like they're sure, they're catchy, it's a fun little concept, you put it in boom boom Bob's your uncle. What do you post something? Three videos? A week yeah well I've been dial it back to like one two at the most right now: okay, I kind of like every six seven days at the moment for the most part right now, that's just because, like we got the podcast, every Monday - and just like I'm trying to shoot with like Comedy, Central and stuff like I, just don't come back to that. In a moment you post once every six months. I mean this. This is unacceptable. I just don't know what you think. What look? What do we do? What's the plan? It's still going well what it could be, but like I mean we expect better. We expect more from you. It could be going better, but I'm so happy with my catalog and that's why this is the longest I've gone, I'm, editing a video now, but does the longest have gone without uploading, I? Think ever look. We know road to take, though they're being so picky mmm. You cannot wait for inspiration, I have somebody I mean I got it, but yes, it's! The thing is it's got. Are you working on a video yeah and how long have you been working on this video well I shot it about a week ago and then I really got into a week ago you shot in a week ago, yes, I'm, saying but I posted right before Thanksgiving, which isn't good, but it's likes, giving like on YouTube time. That's like a whole. If I come back and the video is good, then who cares we extrude Eddie? Do you ever feel that, like, for example, you guys came together in this house, Gus is a prolific creator. I want to I got insert myself. The only reason my output is able to be so high is because I have Sabrina litter, full-time working as like a salaried employee of my LLC, so daily she's there to do like all my contacts, all the producing she films, much I appreciate that we all have the ability to you know but I'm, just saying: I, listen, listen, I've, I, understand, there's no excuses here. I just want to understand. What's going on with Eddie, do you want a new Christopher Nolan movie every year? Man needs I? Wouldn't that's! That's a fair I mean that's okay, but do you ever feel maybe pressure because you're in a you're in this house with Gus's prolific creator, I'm not as prolific as you? Well he's growing its sub count? What are you what's your sub count now I think I hit like 500k like two weeks ago or something yeah nice. You should have much more than that. Well, I, congratulate you on that milestone. Do you ever feel like man, you know? Does it do you ever feel? So maybe like I, don't know like like? Let's, let's you know, let's get it going here a little bit because Gus? What are you at now in sub count? I, don't know right, I'll, stop I, don't know one point, seven I think milli. Okay, okay I felt that before never it's never like a competitive thing. I never bet avoid an altruistic way, but like mmm, no I, maybe like me being left behind and in some way, not exactly because, especially when I wanted to do YouTube. The idea of 500k was like insane to me worse and I. Think it's mainly I. Don't really care like I. Really welcome and really like people more people enjoying my videos, but it's all to me about what like the content of the video, so it's like yeah I could post more like I've had times where, when my videos were worse, I was posting like once a week for that month and it was like my biggest growth month ever and then I looked back at the end of the month and I was like yeah. The numbers look good, but I hate three of these videos. I was like so I can't keep doing. This I would rather just like you're a man of quality you're, a man of and and okay I did I. Think for both of us do the big milestones like once you hit 100k, it's like. Oh damn like yeah. This is it see from I I found my Smike. My thirst was over um quench. Really, yes, what was always like super happy with any milestones: yeah cuz I. What was the big one for you, guys you're like holy [, __ ] out I mean it took us like a year together was insane every ten thousand. Fifty thousand a hundred thousand a million two million and then I guess I stopped yeah I, remember to on my old college. Macbook I kept the tab open when I was at like 9999 yeah I kept it that therefore I served a note that I left Ethan when we passed a thousand, because I think I went to school or something I quit my job yeah College yeah. You were but um I left a note for you, like thousand thirteen yeah I still have it. Oh you do. That was a great time. That was a beautiful time. I mean it was so exciting, but I'm just trying to get to the heart of your philosophy of creating your ears is one of certainly kwant. Quality over quantity and I will celebrate the quo of your videos. I mean the level of detail and research and scripting that goes into it is, is phenomenal and I do encourage people to watch, but you, but it's an uphill battle on YouTube mmm. You know what I'm saying it the platform. Unfortunately, it makes you decide right between, like you said doing a month where you, post more and- and you put let you have you just simply can't put as much effort into it by that or or taking your time and unfortunately, the platform is just a little bitch-ass. Well, that's, what's nice about the podcast editor to write is I can do something every week that we do and that's not like the podcast is never I was already like this with my videos before hands, but like so it hasn't. I haven't used it as like a crutch for it, but it's what's nice is like I can do comedy. I can post a video I like on the podcast channel, and then I can still work on my stuff. I am too slow with my stuff, though, like it's a lot of it is not working on it all the time. A lot of it is like sitting down trying to edit an intro hating everything about it and being like I can't look at this today. I gotta go back to it. It's cool, though, that the algorithm is less strict. Now, like people can have big careers and do that like Nikki JK is a similar up load schedule. People can can just put out one big, video or even every few months, and it doesn't seem to necessarily just hurt that mean. That's true. I mean Shane Dawson as a point yeah well jontron was like it's one that proved it to everyone, because I think before him. We all had this like idea that, if you kind of disappear for a few months, your channel will not do the same look, but then he would go and come back and it's not a point so yeah flexi was fifty million views. I saw that yeah that's got to be one of the best branding opportunities. Honestly, it's like that and like a like Papa bluster, like Papa John's, are like speaking yeah. He looked less sweaty in the video yeah. He probably had AC in there. You only had about you know what I should know what tree Papa with all the tenderness and care yeah that I would my own pizza are you? Are you gonna eat pizza on the podcast I'm thinking of different things that we can do with Tim Pizza taste, test, yeah, blind, taste test? That's great! All of the brand's yeah I think he's gonna have he's gonna know, though, but that's interesting. I don't get my pizza quiz like terminology and yeah, like that I feel like the whole thing is so surreal that I'm still not even believing that it's happening that is whatever yeah well. The truth is, though, I'm mostly interested in his pizza conspiracy story. He has quite a story to tell yeah about how he was ousted as the as the Papa. Do you think it has? He been really vocal about that in interviews. I know he had that kind of like blank threat. You know the day of grab. This is the day. Monday is the day of reckoning least. This is gonna, be Lee. Has receipt he's bringing he's, probably missed rolling with faxes from like 1990 Big C I'm telling you I don't know if I can reveal it? Okay I probably can yeah well, here's what he taught he I was on the phone with him. The other day uh-huh the phone calls the news for Turia's phone call yeah. He has it way, he's bringing it no we're gonna play it on Monday cuz, hurt it right now, I, don't think so. Yeah I can't believe we that, because he says he didn't say that n-word whoa yeah the day of reckoning Holi, is coming to the h3 podcast on Monday I mean he called me yesterday, Papa I called my private number, so let me see the private number I'm like Papa, all right, six, seven but anyways enough about me. We were talking about Eddie. What's the plan, I think what you you, you think we find it really interesting your approach, because for us personally, it has caused a lot of stress and negativity in our personal life when we went that route, because it's so hard to the rare, too close to go like the purity mode, where I'm only gonna post. If it's good and I'm only gonna make a video from a hundred percent right, interested I think what the big change a lot of it has been I mean not only talking to friends like like Gus or drew drew gooden or jakey, where the big thing that I found wasn't waiting for like a good thing to come along, but making a video on what I was interested in at the time, because I started finding that those videos did well and I didn't think that they would we're like. Even my last one has I guess been like my biggest video now and I was like. Oh I, keep bitching about all these late night, hosts and I. Don't know if people will care at all and then I made it and people watched it. That's such a good point because I think that that, on face value, you would never think that people on YouTube would give a [ __ ] about late night about talking adept about late night people, but you were actually I was I, was not expecting the video that I saw. It was a very earnest, a very sincere video one that I agreed with and I thought was very thoughtful and interesting. It I mean that means a lot. I hate to I, don't be too kiss-ass here, but, like he's and I got in the commentary with you guys, it's especially even the specifically the b44 video one of my favorite videos. Thank you so much yeah, it's so kind of you to say, yeah, and so like I mean I'm sure you guys have it too, though, we're with a lot of the like more you to be commentary stuff, you just get so [ __ ], tired about it. Yeah yeah, I'm I got so tired of talking about like a youtuber I found that did something kind of apps and yeah so like I made one sort of like that recently, but it had to do with like Hulu and everything, and that was enough of an angle. Oh yeah. It's just like making stuff that you want to talk about, seems to be the most interesting thing to do. It's fun people, [, __, ] love. It too they'll watch like if you care about something they will listen to you. You know like Drew. Gooden is doing like, like loved hers, SNL comparisons and stuff for, like friends versus in the office mixed in with like look at this weird guy and Instagram. You know you got Eddie's late-night, video and stuff like I'm I'm, trying to follow the same route like into this new year, like I, want to do like a mini documentary about like mad magazines, cuz I used to read those old ones. When I was a kid like just pick something that you're excited about and like that's really cool that people want to see they're. So ferret, that's good advice, that's a very good insight, cool and I can't agree more I mean that's that's basically, the reason why I stopped making videos was because I think what I cared about at the time was all these prank videos were just so [ __ ], and nobody on YouTube was talking about it, and so I just got so charged up yeah and it was really resonating and that's kind of what like launched our channel. But after years and years and years, and then the genre of commentary become more popular, it felt to me that that it was just I felt like I was my soul was, was evaporating with every commentary video I made about some stupid person on YouTube doing something stupid. You know that that ten people are also work. You know that ten people are working on the same video I'm like you know, so that's kind of why we why we pivoted and and that's all I have to say about that now. Where do you see yourself in five years? Five years, I don't know because I think, when I try and think more kind of grand things for us separately or together, if we're doing something. That's like traditional at all, I usually picture us being a bit older. You know because I don't think I, don't know, I think a lot of the time like because I more of the time I don't want to be somebody who's like an actor in something, but usually I want to like make stuff and so five years, hopefully using you to make things, maybe not on YouTube, but still still making videos and I only upload once every six months. So that's only in ten videos. Well I! My intention is not to disparage your uploads only but I want to say. Cuz I can already hear the comments now saying that Ethan is such an [, __ ] I get that every episode, though so I'm used to it, but but that I encourage you to follow your heart and I. Think your philosophy is a genuine and a beautiful one. No. Thank you. I appreciate it, but also I should be uploading more. It's I know you don't mean it well that angle, but like I, didn't I, don't work as much as I should yeah. So it's very young man, you're sipping, Bud, Light and you're playing video games. I am 10 years older than you. So you know you: have you have life to waste yet you're very young? What is this call me central business? What what? What is? What is this partnership? It is so I was approached by like their digital team, I think about a year year and a half ago right at the tail end, when I was in college to go and be kind of a part-time creator in New, York I wasn't able to accept that I would had to kind of [ __ ] over my whole theater production, it's a full-time job. What is this job they offer? It was. It was my understanding that it was like a regular staple like you're one of the people in the office that are creating online content. It I just wasn't able to do it and I was just like well [ __, ] I missed that boat. There goes Comedy Central, but then I came out here and shortly after moving out to LA, we got in contact again and now the what the deal that we have is I will go to like live events for them. Sometimes I go go to like South by or comic-con or something and I'll do like man on the street, just kind of like [ __ ] around with people stuff, but I like doing it like that, because I'm pretty much always the butt of the joke in like I feel like I, don't to be the man on the street, that's going up to people and just poking and prodding [ __ ], so I'll go and I'll do that stuff and I'm also contracted to send in like a bunch of sketches for their digital department stuff. So you write sketches for them yeah, so I'll. Do that like that you're? Not in that? No that I am in so I'll. So it's fully is like I will produce it entirely out of house and I'll just edit. It and I'll just send it and they pay you yeah. They pay you perv. It was a bundle deal where it was like, including all the live stuff and like this amount of sketches. They paid me a chunk for it. But nice and like are you happy with the I'm happy with everything over there? Yeah yeah, the only thing I dislike is again it's it's difficult, sometimes, especially with how I like doing [, __ ]. Sometimes it's so on the fly you know sometimes I'll have a sketch idea and I'll start filming 20 minutes later and just and whip it out there. It is cuz if you just sometimes all you need is a single joke for a 30. Second video, so I am so disorganized in that sense and just making stuff up that it sucks. Sometimes, when I have to like wait to have them, send like a representative to come over to make sure everyone signs, waivers and there's insurance and I. Think it's very like hey! Oh there's a brand over there. We can't have that. So it's it's! It's not as much of an environment where I can just quick make [ __ ], I running it through. So many people is difficult or a little goof yeah at times yeah and it's like I, understand the corporate structure over there. But it's like doc I'm, making it yeah come on. You know, like I'm, taping, a wig to my head. What am I sure it's for this I'm in my living room, you know: do you make a lot more money per video when you make for a Comedy Central than yourself? No I make more for myself? Oh well, then. What's the point, the point is its Comedy, Central and I. Think that that's like a valuable inroad for me, I'm not getting just absolutely screwed by them at all, like it I think it's a fair deal for what we've got right now: okay, like numbers-wise, and it is kind of close to what I do make like video isin, so they post it on their channel mm-hmm. They pay you, but it is a good you're making connections with people there yeah. What do you want to do? A comic central? Let's say that the CEO says: hey Gus. He says nothing, not the devil. He says what do you want to do? Here's a blank check. I've talked to I'd like to think that we have a really great relationship. We've been working together over about a year and a half. Now you know, we've talked and this year, I'm gonna start kind of sending some pitches over my five years. From now thing is I want to be writing and running. My own show I, don't know starring it. I definitely wanna be in it too yeah and we become not a sitcom company. My ultimate dude I want to do a sketch comedy show more than anything. Do you guys ever see I think you should leave on Netflix? That's the [ __ ] shot immediately what I thought of damn it dude last time, I had an audition. For that show you did. I did I had an audition, for it was one of my first auditions out here and and like it was a great situation and then I got [. __ ] pneumonia for I didn't get the job, but oh because I couldn't send in the audition and then and then once I finally got enough to talk. I call it my manager at the time was I can talk enough. Like God, please send an audition, he goes I already cast. The part I mean there is a one-line position that you can take and I was like. Okay, so I got in like a 45-minute uber to Santa, Monica I walked into a little rent in office for like the casting thing I walked down and for this one line, character. They're already like 12 names on the sign-in sheet, so I just signed my name cuz Johnson, and they call me in it was just one woman with a little like 2003 home video camera in there she goes go ahead and I was supposed to do. The line of like my dad had died, no speaking at his funeral, so she just goes go I was like mmm. Well, my dad was really she stop. Stop. Are you way too sad go again and I just did it a little SS? It really is like that yeah. It was just like all of that hop up for one line: yeah [ __ ] sucked. So how many times to do it? I, don't I, don't do a lot of like auditions. You didn't get it I. Definitely didn't get it too sad. I was so [ __, ], bummed and I. You read it too sad I was the main audition I had was for like a main sketch character in in multiple sketches and I. Couldn't send that 1x I couldn't speak because well, yeah the two different ones were. The original one was the the like the clown video one. Were they returned to it right, yeah, the the sad one was the like playing the crazy ordering and thread willies breaking [ __ ], so hmm stop stop fasting directors, I again I'm the guy that went to like to in-person auditions, so I'm, not mr. Hollywood, with a lot of knowledge that one was just a definitely really kind of I can see that though they're like I, don't [, __ ] have time for these because to them. They're like this is all just a bunch of garbage up and I. Don't write to like here's. Here's no I number 12 coming in to cry for this one guys number 12 stop dude again, I'm, sorry to interrupt. We got to go to break okay. That was a sound bite, but it's still true, but it is I. Don't think that Oh Bobbie Lee, the comedian was gushing his heart over his dad, who had recently passed away, uh-huh and and Dan that's of sound by talking about his recently deceased father. So we cherish that sound buddy and we will honor it by going to break so do not go anywhere. We will be right back with the boys, Gus and Eddie. If you leave, you are gonna, get Corona, there's a reason that three million people are using the quip electric toothbrush because it's affordable and it's amazing. Basically, it's the perfect value and experience you're gonna find anywhere for a toothbrush. First of all, it vibrates vibrating. Every dentist will tell you vibrating tooth brushes, clean your teeth, better -. It's got soft rubber, rub rubbery bristles that I've not felt on any other toothbrush that are so sensitive and they don't agitate my gums and by the way, when you over agitate your gums, they recede and they never grow back. You need to take care of your gums and three it times out your brushing experience it it when it's vibrating it lets. You know it pulses to switch quadrants to give you that perfect, two minute brush so every 30 seconds it gives you a little pulse and you know to flip you're gonna want to use this clip. It's gonna change. Your life gonna have a cleaner mouth, I, don't to say it's a revolution. What's the quip revolution join three million healthy mouths at just $25 in the door, and if you go to get quip, calm, slash aged through right now, you'll get your first refill for free. So that's your first refill free at get quip, calm, slash, h3, the spelled GE t, qu, IP comm, slash h3, quit the good habits company stamps.com. What a stamps.com mean to me as a business owner. It means no hassle. It means not going to the post office fighting traffic waiting in line all this bureaucracy. It's done stamps comm posters have gone up again. It keeps going up thanks. Stamps, calm, eases the pain with big discounts off the post office as well stamp stuck. Let me say five cents off every first-class stamp and up to forty percent off shipping rates, that kind of saving can really add up, especially for small business plus stamps. Comm is completely online. It saves you precious time time more valuable than any research resource on this planet. No more inconvenient trips to the post office post office com brings all the services of the u.s. post service right to your computer, whether you're a small business, sending invoices and Orla or online sellers shipping out products, or even a warehouse sending thousands of packages a day Sam comp can handle it all with ease, simply use your computer to print official US posters 24/7 on any letter had any package any class of mail any where you want to send once your mail is ready, you just hand it to your mail carrier to drop it in a mailbox. It's that simple stamps.com! Not only saves you time, it saves you money too, with Sam calm, you get discounted postage rates that you can't even get at the post office. So why bother even go in there when you can go to stamps calm, not to mention it's a fraction of the cost and these expensive postage meters forget about it. There's no equipment to lease there's no long term commitment, it's easy! It's a no-brainer at stamps, Calm, saving, you time and money. It's no wonder! 700 thousand small businesses already used stamps calm right now. For my listeners, you get a special offer that includes a four week, trial, plus free postage and a digital scale. Without any long-term commitment, just go to stamps com click on the microphone at the top of the homepage and type in h3 stands: calm, go to the microphone at the top and enter h3 [Music], hello, everybody and welcome back. We are joined by Gus and Eddie. The funny one is prolific and one takes this time. We're gonna go home with a host. You know. What's funny, though, is the room like the marriage story room the one with the big meme screenshot of Adam driver coming out like how dare you compared to me to my father that looks almost exactly like the room door to our hallway. I didn't put a thing on Twitter of you, I told Tony that about that it looks like the like our hallway going to our bedrooms. It looks exactly like it. We were watching it yeah and he walked past it up for a second I was like wait: no, that's not our apartment, yeah and while every didn't punch our wall well, I'm gonna tell you, I, refused to watch that film everybody's watching everybody's trying to get me to watch that film I'm, not gonna. Watch a film that I know it's gonna depress me: it's about. Two people have a divorce I'm in a happy relationship. They got. They have kids right, they get divided like you know. What I don't need that element in my life? I don't want to get it I feel the same way. I won't watch that movie and I know this thing out on allegedly really good are not missing. I, don't give a [ __ ] I, don't want to be sad from lovers: I'm missing out I'm, not being sad for a day, yeah yeah, because I watched it and I like told even uh, because my parents are split up and I told my whole family I was like it's a good movie, but don't watch it yourself. It ended and I was just like I just feel bad. Now, I was on a flight, it didn't feel good and the same thing there was like a Nike ad during the super. Oven was talking about about like some dude with Alzheimer's, remember or not, Nike Google I remember when his Oh, his wife, who passed I'm like first of all, I, refused to watch the commercial I am NOT gonna. Allow Google to make me feel [ __ ] bad for this guy, like you have nothing to do with this guy's life [ __, ] Google for even track like how does Google get love for their exploiting this poor man with Alzheimer's I? Don't I? Don't even know the premise I'm, assuming that's what it is it it. You know what I hate is. It looks like a really effective commercial. Have you seen it yet I have no wait. Have we not watching it? Let's pull it. Yes, really sad Zack! You cried, but I have things to say. That's the problem. Zack said it made him cry made me fall okay, fine and because the situation is genuine and beautiful, but why the [ __ ] does Google get to put their logo on and own that moment, it's kinda hilarious, like the big evil. Ceo comes in, goes look human yeah, [, __ ] at see that but I refuse to I. Don't want to engage with it because it is gonna. Make me sad, yeah well we're here together. If you want to throw it up, because now I don't have a friend, they went yeah if they claim this because I'm like how are they? My team, there's layers, econo - bro, oh there's, music, yeah, there's like a piano yeah when I watch trailers and they claim my entire podcast I'm like? Is that not the mother-loving point? Yeah yeah, what you want people to go, see the [ __ ] movie, okay! Well, so there you have it um I do have stuff I wanna watch, though this was inspired by from you Eddie no nice weather is a this whole. Oh yeah, Robert Patterson is the hottest man in the world. According to science, he has the perfect eye position. The perfect nose with the perp a actually not perfect. Sorry, his lips are only 82%, so he's got to work on that he needs collagen or something he looks like he's sucking his cheeks in, like that yeah yeah, well, his Chin's at 95 and his nose lip with this look. This right here is at eighty nine point. Four he's got some low marks here: I'm, not quite sure why he feels beautiful I. Just do it. Hmm I should try that you don't look like Robert Van, Leer watch, this meted you're golden ratio rating is [, __, ], low low watch it. This is Robert Plant, our Pattinson with plastic surgery. Already his face shape. Are you gonna give his face a rating when you just slammed on his lips yeah? His foreheads of 93, his overall golden ratio rating is a ninety two point, one five. According to this plastic surgeon by the way trying to pitch +32, even him yeah so um well who's who's, your hottest actor right now, who do you think, is the most attractive male actor period. I've always found the most attractive, male actor to be Paul Newman dad is a [ __ ] good choice, dude Paul, McDonald, salad, dressings, yeah, I, see him daily, put Paul Newman here, but do not [ __ ]. That's got bad aging. If I look like that, when I was seventeen Luke, he I think like in movies he's just so [ __ ] cool like yes, love his whole swag dude. For me, it's like my old school cool throwback answer is like 80s Harrison Ford. Oh, he really man right. How did his ass? Otherwise you and McGregor these days, though, he's aging now NY. What are you [, __ ], talking I'll, tell you hey my food that you and McGregor uh. You see the only one obi-wan he's not aging poorly, but I wouldn't say he's aging like fine. Yes, his wrinkles every new wrinkle I go mmm. Now. Let me tell you why I hey man, I, don't like him I'll tell you why let's see here is how it looks reasoning masters within the lab. You want to die by the way. Don't look at how I typed his name, I'm gonna score factor, 2020 he's getting hotter ela go ahead rate him I mean is good-looking, but not like he's, not your ultimate, not ultimate he's my number one to use. My Costanza won't coming from an unblemished record of staunch heterosexuality wrinkles in his face yeah the smile lines I like I, like mature yeah I like immature yeah I like maybe it's the facial hair, though because yeah they say facial hair makes men look better, but look he's got that Kirk Douglas rest in peace, the Kirk Douglas chin. You know a little dent there. Here's we're gonna, tell you about you and that I don't like. What's up my first girlfriend ever in high school, she just would not shut about how hot he was and in Moulin, Rouge and I was a very insecure young man and I just was like I, don't and I didn't look anything like him. Yeah and I was so in love with her and I was like what that hated. His guts. That dirt nasty for this is hey. I'll, tell you I, don't get it [ __ ] you [, __, ], dude I had a girlfriend in high school. That did that with her, like I was just on Facebook in class and I was scrolling through, and it was just a kid that I played basketball against from like a town over and she was dating me at the time she goes. Whoa stop. I was like what she go scroll back up. Oh my God, look at him. Hallelujah I was like 17, see that that's the kind of damage that never be so. As a fifth grade, my first girlfriend, the first day we were dating, we were on the bus cuz. We lived in the same on the same street and a friend asked her like just like. Why are you dating him and she said I'm dating for him for his personality, not his looks I was I was just so heartbroken by I was doing my homework and I pointed like I agreed, like 2+2 I want to die yeah. Have you ever had a moment like that? Ela were with like, but you're, beautiful and perfect. So who would ever say something like that about you? Yeah I got nothing. What do you mean if I had what moment cuz a moment that shattered your entire self-confidence forever? Yeah we've all got one I, don't know, I feel like for girls, it's so hard. It's like every day. That's a good point like people comparing you to other people or what, like just sighs, just seeing everything I, don't know by the way you have beautiful breasts: I'm, not I'm, not going to diminish the I'm. Just saying God has a slender girl. You probably were very insecure, beautiful now, solid d-cups were you like, especially where I don't know. If it was something while I was growing up or Israel or I, don't know if it's really like that too. But a lot of the girls in my class were like I guess: titties, really big, really yeah I wouldn't insecure about like dude. So many things growing up. My head is pretty big head and when I was a kid, the thing is I've. All ever since I was like four, it looks like my have just a receding: hairline I have a [ __ ] huge head like a receding, hairline already yeah, it's just I got the head shape. I was always self-conscious at the same hairline yeah I've got pictures when I was ever tried to do weird haircuts yeah when I used to try to do the lampshade. You know in middle school, where it's like a bowl. It's like it's kind of the bowl cut, but with the flappy wings out here, like the guy with the lamp pictures of that I look hot as [ __, ], you're mine, kid I, don't know, that's I'm, not seeing any young ones of me. Just there's me in college and there's the sportscaster That's, not me I, don't know if you hey guys: oh wow yeah, he does look like a sharp dude I. Think he's like 52 - eh very well. Now, here I noticed you are you hiding your hairline in this one that one is just I mean I've had the kind of boy flop over to the side for a while I've been washing it. That's me also YouTube, creator, home skill in town and in college. Oh yeah, that's my one of my hometown, newspapers, they've honored! You hate it! Thank you. So we were talking about. We were talking about insecure face perfection. Yes, thank you bring it all back. I got more to share now. According to the same people, Bella Hadid yeah has a the perfect female face, although they didn't do they didn't crotch as many uh. Really as many data points see I, she has like work on her face right, I, don't know actually so young about be it. That would be such a shame. I kind of have the thing where I like I look at her and I'm like this is inning beautiful woman. It's too good, but it's yeah, like my heart, doesn't jump out at that. Cuz I was like I like kind of swinging in just around my weight class. You know what I mean, and this is to punch off. Efore mean I agree. Well there there are like perfect beauties that I that I find that I'm more attracted to yeah. You know, yeah I feel the same way. Woman though her eyes is. That is a ninety seven point: six five percent, where it's like it's no question she's gorgeous but, like my heart, doesn't go like. Oh, my god, cuz I'm like I, want like that. That's like a supermodel! Oh you know what I mean mm guys stick with my man. You went on this one who do you who so who's your tummy Ella who's? Your perfect male beauty go ahead, but when you showed him is when he was young Oh, your nose yeah, oh very, like perfect face. If I, oh, my god, point one yellow it was pretty I. Just don't even know, I like it was calm. You haven't seen a ball. You haven't seen a Paul, Newman movie, I, don't know he's just so: [ __, ] cool dude right also his charity. By the way. What you see everywhere, yeah come on dude. It's raised like half of someone nice to Jerry's. Oh, he looks like skeleton he's Jewish. Is he oh that just made him ten times harder for me, I feel like I. Go with the classics like attitude. They like James, Dean, I, don't know I like the class, oh yeah, here's a picture! Look at that yeah I, like you like the Caprio. They don't make them like they used to. Did this look at that face dude but yeah? That's pretty sharp Brad Pitt, though, and once upon time, Hollywood, though, specifically movie, it was like I love that movie I like today. Ever it is such a long time. Yeah I really liked it I, like I kind of liked, it being longer you just kind of living in Texas for a while. You know okay well, I made one I actually put my face in the a really wait. Was there an actual program you could just put it in yeah yeah, it has dicken balls, is one of the rate of mine says penis, 300 percent, so here's the what the a I did so the I position, 1 percent birth defect, question mark the lips - 50 percent. This is pedophile negative, 50 percent of having pedophile lips, which I hope, though I'd rather be mine at 100, chin, certified bitchin -, a hundred percent for had great hairline I got good scores on that. That's a good one that one I actually scored higher than Robert Patterson yeah nose to Jewish, obviously 2% and the golden ratio rating. It didn't even give me ranges, said ugly as [ __, ] I'm surprised they would even coat it like that and I did one for each of you guys to up no I'm kidding, especially I already have one you just make one. That's way me well you're supposed to you. Yeah I didn't even see the golden ratio rating for it. So I just missed that and that's why I'm bad at my job. It's this stupid thing. It's everywhere! It's like some. Have it some don't yeah? What are you guys feeling about the coronavirus? You scared? Are you excited yeah? You know what, after the swine flu, the market was wide open. I know I'm, not scared about it. I mean I'm, not traveling, anytime. Well, [ __, ] we're going to Orlando in a couple weeks. Yeah, that's not China I will die in other ways. You might get more there yeah we'll get eaten by Gator shanked by a meth head or something but I'm. Not super scared about the coronavirus. I I think it's probably a little more like media fodder than then is an actual public health concern. But it's still scary, as [ __ ] know. Do you know that scene in Lord of the Rings, where Strider goes yeah he goes. Are you scared? Yes, he says not nearly enough. That's how I feel both you go Jew. You call him Strider yeah, that's right or Eragon. Strider, I, [, __, ] I'm, a huge Lord of the Rings fan. Oh really, love them. You read the all them.I multiple times. No, here's the thing: I'm a fair-weather fan, I'm an I adore the Peter Jackson movies, I read The Hobbit I, really like The Hobbit, I read the first book and I said, and then I read the second book halfway through I was like I, can't [ __ ]. Do this I can't read description of meadows any longer I'm -? It's not for my brain I'm, not smart enough for it, because it really is like there's so much cool beauty and like grandeur in the world he built. But you have to slog through, like ya pages of a bill 'full for son of [ __ ] duck. You know, I'm just yeah. It's like the Bible bucking decks, my favorite. Well, whether you're scared or not. Oh I watch the directors, bad bro dude. You only are you kidding me. We watched him three back-to-back when we were in Israel had nothing to do with our lives. What was that like a 13-hour mayor? Oh I did it is actually it's 13 I loved it, though it's great and the thing is it's like -, they're, really good, theatrical cuts, -, there's just stuff that you can't explain in there in the original cut. You know like like the whole relationship between like Denethor and like Theoden, is not really explained a lot anyway. I like the extended editions, so I did as well if you have 13 hours to it, yeah, but regardless of if you're scared of the coronavirus or not, there are some wonderful memes. Yes, that have come out about it, so here in China they have like they have curfew and you're not allowed to go outside and they have this PSA system on a loudspeaker huh and what someone someone fell asleep behind the microphone. Oh no and it was broadcasting vice or no audio and I'm about to have a diva moment. It's muted, it's muted, on yeah on the browser, so you're saying it's not your fault. Can I blame? How can I blame you again? Yeah I, sabotaged I came in there. Don't do that. This is real yeah. It almost sounds like a siren yeah, it's almost scarier than nothing can be actually scary anymore. Memes have ruined. Everything is a perfect case in point it's like if I. If the world was ending, if a nuclear bomb went off in New, York yeah, their memes would come as fast as the news yeah. No probably like people be tweeting writing into the [ __ ], Apple and other things. Yeah. Is that cool or not cool I? Think it's cool I? Think it's I think it's a very self self-realizing meta way of like just humanity gone yeah. Are you guys I, remember on it like an older, podcast? Think you're talking with post about like doomsday [, __, ] I, know he's kind of a big prepper guy. Do you guys have any of that kind of like I made I made a go-bag a couple of months? You know yeah, of course, or what I mean, of course, I'm [ __ ] our one. If in your living room drinking sparkling seltzer for what well, we split off for it, because when we were talking about doomsday stuff, I stocked up my closet in the apartment with a bunch of water and food, just in case anything happened, Gus seems to think he can get out of Los Angeles with a backpack on his back I. Don't know how you would live now, just for the first 48 Eddie wait! What's in here. What's in you go back, I got a big like it just looks like our / mol ninja [, __ ] like this terrible like military, looking backpack, and it just got some basic [, __ ] in it like I, got a first aid kit. A solar charging like USB thing for phones and stuff, is like so struck and he's gonna, kill you and take the bag. I can't pack for tomorrow, like I'm, not we had to make a go back when I was pregnant for the hospital, and we literally did like the last week and yeah. You know when it's gonna happen, see I can't I can't pack for tomorrow, but I can pack for the day after tomorrow. That's a good reference. I like that was one of the worst movies. It was so I. Just don't understand it. You really think something's gonna happen, I I, don't it was I just be prepared. Yeah I just finished Breaking Bad for like the 8th time it was like prepared. So what what? What in your mind, is the situation where you're like I'm grabbing the bag and I'm hitting the road? Well clear, yeah Eddie asked so many times that one [ __ ] you're, not touching this [ __ ] you'll get the water supply my foil blanket. Is it a? Is it a act of wars, a terrorism? Is it natural disaster? It's it's I got a little bit of cash in there I, like maybe $300 in there looking come, rob me there's nothing in the apartment and, like you know, a first aid kit and then just a couple like it's like pro. What are we fighting for we're preparing for if I need 48 hours of just basic needs? Okay, anything systems go down, I got a little cash for on the street. Well, that was the thing is it was posing. You really think people are gonna, be accepting cash in a situation like that, do something probably it was right after the last like big earthquakes, and so that was I was like. Oh, what? If the water shuts down and Gus, is like what, if I need to escape fight, my fellow man head toward the desert and I should be fine, so you guys got a little spooked by earthquake. You you, you aren't earthquake boys, no yeah I wasn't here for it, and it was I was flying back the day after the the second one that was bigger, they're, like yeah, there's gonna, be another big one, so flying back felt really weird where it's like I might actively just be choosing to go to an earthquake right now, no I I've been here my whole life as dude. It's the worst I was in the most compromising position ever for that last really big earthquake I was like very drunk and I was taking a bath in it like candlelight, a bath I was in the bath perfect, it was like Mac, Miller was playing and I was just chilling vibe and just blasted out of my mind and I was like kind of just grooving back and forth wow. This is really beautiful. Like the waters. Moving with me, wait the waters [ __ ], moving right now, [ __ ] was going down and I was soaking, wet and I was just like. I ran out, I didn't have a towel in the bathroom, so he what so I ran naked through the apartment into my room and I I put on like shorts and a shirt, soaking, wet and I had to run down like 12 flights of stairs. You know and I. Just remember, I was like have a heart attack like cuz. I was running back to you, dude well, just cuz I was blasted and then I was soaking wet running down like 12 flights of stairs. Like my heart's k, people were like screaming in the stairwell, as everyone is running down the stairwell and then a door slammed and a bunch of people went yeah. Let me tell you what what I know of earthquakes? They, the people who the most injuries happen from earthquakes, are people who get up. They say stay where you are really stay, where you are and just wait for it to go away, because most people will get up and run and they'll trip, although something will fall on them. Yeah just get to a place where nothing could fall on you and continue to don't more harsher chill bro. But let me go back to some of you. So do you often take baths kind of frequently and not as we like anything, though right? It's a sensual yeah! It's chill you smoke, weed I do a little bit and you you get. Do you usually get like mega blasted in the tub? No, it was a bath bomb. I love bath bombs. It's so you know he does this I take showers and then I generally wash, but once the bath bomb makes it so I can see you watch him anymore. Well, I! Guess the show's over you take a bath yeah. Now, that's. Why he's, obviously using a lot more water run every day, so I take two showers a day? Okay, so you think that, even though our apartment complex pays for our water, the rent which recently because my [ __ ] tub, has been like gushing water for months and I've called in the complaint like nine times and I was so mad that I calculated cuz I thought we're gonna have to pay it and then I realized. Oh [, __ ]. They pay for it. How interesting dude it is waste. In the last few months, my tub exclusively has leaked 18,000 gallons of water. Oh, that's, not good! I literally go to the administration for it, fixing it yeah. Well so you're in the bath you've got the candles your. What do you do you just relax? Do you do anything in there? Do you read I wish I could redyed [ __ ] dip the book in the water, but it kendall have waterproof Kindles I could do that sure then I have to read like a [ __ ] nerd. Do you ever be in the tub? I, don't pee in the tub. Why would you do in the tub like during the best questions like or maybe right at the end, a little tub of piss bisque I? Don't need that I don't hold the drain before it's coming, I just I chill in there I get a couple scented candles get my mrs. Myers Iowa pine, scent candle, light that up a little Mac Miller on the Bluetooth speaker and I, just vibe for how long you in the bathtub you be an hour and and basically until the water comes to a point where it's no longer comforting, yeah, I'm straight prune and every time I'm in there interesting a very sensual experience. I like it are you bath guy, you know, what's more yeah I started taking back that, it's not sensual by me, yeah I, actually, all like what listen to Howard Stern or something? Okay and I, it's definitely the candles. The candles makes me think that you're masturbating in there, if I'm, not pissing in there I, don't know I come in there. I'd be like comments. We've really thin like no key super yeah coming would be even grosser didn't do because it doesn't really dissolve. Does it no, it would just stick to my chest. Care I'd stand up. What do you do when you, when he's in the back? How do you unwind don't really keep well a lot of the time. I really like I got a fraternal twin brother and he's know. Are you guys you're, not identical? No, no that'd be so I. Don't know why you there being okay go ahead, wouldn't know yeah, there's somebody like but yeah. He he added, sir podcast actually shout out to Tony. He doesn't like to be on camera, though, but normally like if I'm relaxing at the end of the night and I'm free we're playing video games together and then like or with Gus and jakey as well. There's all you guys. All hang out like in person. Yeah, we're like wolves are like real-life close friends like how nice, what a sweet, beautiful thing you guys have they're like like yeah Jake yeah I, like taking late video games with them like last night, and we also talked on the phone I talked to Jake II, pretty much everyday I. Think you talk on the phone yeah for for usually like well we'll play games. We usually catch up like midday. If something's going on, I find that interesting that you guys chat on the phone I like next thing. That texting is just like what he talked about everything boy, stuff, I, don't know bath bombs, no yeah, so I didn't know that people talked on the phone. I feel like I, almost feel like I'm offended. If somebody calls me, oh no I love them. I just want text because I, don't I, don't the whole act of being alone to me feels just so intrusive. Are you bad at, like returning images? No see I am too and I feel bad. So especially like a closer circle of friends on the rare chance that somebody calls me I try to let him know on the phone as likely you did the right thing. Do this all the time like call me whenever I prefer that huh I, like people to leave me alone, do I I do like that. No one ever calls anymore. Nobody does no one! Well I, don't answer I swear to God, even I, it doesn't matter who it it could be. Like the only person I answer is Papa John. It was a from a private number and I knew it's Papa yeah, but like I'll answer, scam calls it's not scan likely I'm, not you know what those are the the ones I do once I can't do is. If somebody cold face times me like video face, there is angry. I, yeah, well, I have a hometown friend that does that all the time and I keep telling him I will never answer you're just sitting on your phone, then you see your own face back. It's scary, it's scary, yeah. The phone call to me is just it's like text. First of all, here's what I want to know. What do you want, because you're locked in so I say text me tell me what you want and then I can decide if it's phone call worthy and it's not. What do you tell them that? Well, I say you know how that bone has Auto thing. I'll, say text me how you scroll up yeah and it goes to text me. Oh I, get you and then say: hey so now now you've outed yourself, I know. If I give you a ring, you're just gonna be like on the couch just know. I won't answer, I'd like to know what why you're calling me yeah? Why would you ever call me Gus if I was in a bind? Okay, hey what, if Eddie's not have in the survival kit and I really want to show I like helping people I just want to know what is going on yeah, because so many calls me to talk about just how are you doing? That's not a conversation I'm interested in having I'm, not I'm, dad won't want it I, don't because I'm fine yeah! How are you I'm? Fine yeah and frankly, I don't want to reciprocate. I mean I, think it's fair people know that you know everyone's got their personal preference and and I just you, I just feel so guilty I think a lot of the time because I'm so [ __ ] terrible at responding to anything. So when I do finally have somebody I am able to communicate the best when I can talk to somebody. So if it's somebody that I haven't like texted in a month and we get them a ring, then for me it's a great opportunity to be like hey, I love, you I appreciate you like I, want to talk to you like I'm, sorry, I'm, so bad at getting back. Just call me whenever, like I mind that fixes it I have great text conversations like that. Really I can't I can't have you know, text conversations actually because well, okay for the ones we have yeah, we do haven't had any okay, I, don't believe. We've have we had text conversation, we've DM briefly yeah, but they've been fantastic face-to-face yeah. Now here we are conversing. This is a conversation. Yeah I do like that I, prefer it I. Frankly, don't like face-to-face conversations either. Really nothing I want to be secluded and unbothered I like doing the podcast, but you know it's weird is that I would never like. If you guys came to my house, it would be not like this for sure mm-hmm. What would it do? You think it would be like more I was like what do we do next er yeah? What do you do it? At someone's house? We I mean we like having people over yeah. We start the thing is I. Think I don't want to make us sound like we're super social cuz. Most nights were not doing anything, but we really like people like having people over and usually it's like. You get one kind of passive activity to do like. Oh, we have smash on the TV. That's great, then, let's all talk and drink I don't drink, I, don't smoke mmm I. Do love smash, that's good! That's a huge thing! That's I've always got to have to smash on the team. What's smashed, you guys play now more of ultimate, but we mainly at our house 64, really I, never went beyond 64. That's fine, though dude I, just in the last year, I just got good at smash enough to survive. I've been playing since I was six at birth game. [, __, ] and I was just like alright. Next year, I'll learn next year here, like u-turn in 12, 18 20 I'm, like how the [ __ ] have I not gotten this down. Yet I played thousands of games of smash and just sucked and now I'm a four out of ten. Oh, it's a brutal game I mean the arrival of the fittest. Yeah, you know, speaking of coronavirus. Memes here is a corona in the shape of a virus, pretty cool. There's a man sipping a corona virus, patient zero can I do some of these are just awful dumb I mean it doesn't make sense, he's not even aged he's. Not even Chinese should be Chinese. What makes it funnier to me is the wikiHow Waterberg. Somehow we got to what is that check mark it's not even good and frankly, it doesn't make any sense. Mhmmm, who added these, who made the same. Album I, don't know so Ian, just whip them up. Reaper somebody put this together. I want to know was it. It was me okay, Zack, so Zack tell me the blame. This means to me. You know I thought it was something you wanted quickly. Okay, I mean I like that. It's there's a conversation music. Now this one Zack you're gonna, help me out on because I didn't get it at all. So go ahead. Let's see this one says: killed by alcohol and temperature above 57 degrees, okay, and it's pointing at what looks like cells Zack. What is the go? Wait? This is a meme wait, so is it Betty didn't have ice cold Corona and he died because it was warm. Is that the joke Zack I, believe so, but wait? Oh man, I, don't know how you got that hold that together, wait I, still don't get it 57 like a big I. Guess, that's! That's like a Corrupter referring to a corona beer, oh and I'm like having a fever like they had a warm beer and it killed them, I. Think by alcohol. No, the virus is killed. Oh we'll see the virus gives you a temperature, but they say they say they say. The look at the headline world of buzz, calm experts say: deadly Wuhan virus can be killed by alcohol and high temperature just seems like I'm. Actually not getting this one Zack wait scroll down. Yeah, isn't it part? Isn't the thing bullet yeah? It's like just oh, this is one. This is one unit I, don't know I just see my aunts, Facebook feed I said the Quran. So if I can critique this meme a little bit, I want to consider 57 degrees, high temperature, but in that like snow, but you want up inside. You want a drink of your own. Okay, that's fine I mean we're working on me and the squad trying to catch the corona. So we can skip work. Okay, this one I really don't get Zack. We did it. Boys coronavirus, stop I kind of like that. I just thought they were goofy, wait like I, don't get it I like this one. It's like that. It's this terrible global epidemic and no one just had the foresight to feel like. Why? Don't we just ask him to stop yeah and they immediately give it AI, wow I, didn't really I didn't get all that. What do you want? Texture like swine flu Ebola? We did it boys stop! Okay! Alright! Do you think this is overall good or bad for Coronas branding, obviously like in this brother of that people go corona must I scared, but then how many people are going much name recognition. Yeah I was actually at a bar a couple of days ago and they were out of Corona, which might mean that people are buying. No I've been thinking about Corona, so much yeah, I kind of want one. Do you think they made this virus I've been hearing? There are conspiracy theories that it's engineered really I think that it's a whole new I think at first I was like wow Corona stocks can be taking a hit yeah now everyone's a corona corona virus that as weak as [ __, ] yeah, quite off aronia virus. Over and over a virus. Snapchat road like hello, okay, well I thought they were goofy I like that I agree, Zach I mean I'm. Oh I see a classy pool when I love that former owner, so we got Winnie the Pooh and winning the class. He is coronavirus. Winnie, the flu I, like that mean for hey, give it up everybody this one gots me, you know what goes great with coronavirus, Lyme disease, that's an unfortunate! Oh! This one came straight from stair cat calms, not calm, everybody damn not like I'll get it one of those old I, Can, Has, Cheezburger I missed those sites. World happy, Chinese, New, Year's, China, that's funny! If the Chinese would stop eating bats and rats that big, that's one, you see from your uncle on yeah, that's the uncle that comes to buy peanut every year. That's like five new Michael Jackson joke city that this one's from meme fool, calm, so again, shut up. That is true, though it is said to have been originated from eating feral meat. Really, yes, a bat specifically I should stop eating feral meat. Then damn we'll try to cut that back. Yeah Oh, something so this kind of yeah. You should protect leer elated to our conversation, the corona virus spreading to the United States Homer Simpson's nuclear reactor going down and Homer staring at a picture me laughing at coronavirus me. So this this is basically if there was a world ending event, just basically I think something a lot. Yeah I like that one twenty20 World War three kicked it out: oh, but the corona virus is actually the one. That's back in the bar I dig down no one's good. Thank you! 8020 plague, 1920 play 2020. Anti-Vaxxers are sweating it out. I dig it I mean I. Think we're all sweating it out is that Robert Pattinson he's got the same. Strut I, don't see 82%, okay! Well, how do we? How did we headed Zack? Do the last one? The last Neiman there's my favorite: oh, it was okay, oh yeah, let's I skipped over that one cuz I felt like the segment was dragging on portfolio as a whole. I would give a four out of ten, but the text one is an 8 out of 10. Well, let's this is X favorite coronavirus, yeah saw them open back in 1986 opening for anthrax. This is one that makes sense that it just makes sense. There were like no good zinger ones like those were like the only ones. I could find they're. Just like remotely goofy yeah I feel like the requests for Corona means was, was kind of doomed from the outset. I don't know. If there's really, you know it's just mind-blowing. What's too easy, it's too easy. The format is stacked against it. There's not a lot. You can do with it. Well, I I certainly enjoyed I enjoy doing that. Now, if you wouldn't expect it, there are YouTube pranksters on flights, shouting that they have. The weirds me out, especially in his interviews. Mediasite shows James Potok being escorted off a plane while being cheered by passengers. It's the aftermath. What Potok says was supposed to be a joke. I just returned from a flight from Hunan Province I might have said. This is the capital for coronavirus and I said I, don't feel too well he's so humorless. It was really just to create a viral video. The west jet pilot didn't find the joke funny. The crew segregated him as a precaution and the plane was turned around [Music] I would have opened it here. Instead, they were supposed to Villa to Pearson International they're supposed to go to Jamaica and they got routed back to Toronto. Oh my god, out about somebody like him and I feel like I'm, seeing it more and more often is like he's not in denial about like wanting to be famous off of something dumb and he's not even like accepting more yeah he's just kind of like yeah I did this shamelessly. Clearly it was a bad thing to do, but I wanted people to see me yeah, like [, __, ] man, I, don't know. What's even thinking right, that's so sad, yeah, just that desperation, mmm! It's numb to it. I don't know, I tried it didn't work yeah, it's disappointing. If there's an if there's a bad idea, there's a YouTube prankster, that's doing it or has done it yeah that this follows the rule and Walmart coronavirus prank. This is the lowest tier possible. Enjoy this Walmart Sunday afternoon surveillance cameras catch two young men, possibly in their 20s one wearing a yellow, surgical mask a handmade sign on his back reading. Caution: I have the corona boy he sprayed lie, saw helping a beauty items, clothing and produce Joliet police, say Walmart estimates. Seventy three hundred dollars worth of produce was lost. The cleanup was more than 2,400 dollars, though Courtney these customers confronted the men. Still they got away and were last seen, leaving the parking lot and a white GMC, Yukon authorities say they don't believe anyone at the Walmart was exposed to the coronavirus I. Just you know what really got me was this image of him with a taped on sign because I have grown a virus. It's like yeah. Look at this. That's a hell of a prank that process behind that. Do they think it's funny before they leave the house like it's so lame as the thing yeah? Did they record it because it must have been for you too yeah must have been. The prank is still spraying everything with Lysol. It doesn't that's already like an issue before doing the coronavirus, stuff right, I think the problem. What is Lysol is an anti in fact and I think so yeah so you're not supposed to eat that on Apple, for example, fix the promise that you got these things really dumb people that want to put videos on YouTube and they're. Just so dumb. They don't know it's a bad idea. Man, that's it! You know. So here you have it. That's to me that's one of the saddest things we're like. Obviously, these guys like that was so [, __, ], dumb and it's pathetic, but I just I feel bad that anyone would it just makes such a pathetic decision like that they must I, mean I, think you can really unpack that they must have a they're unloved yeah I'm have to be unloved to go into a grocery store and do that right. Ela I can't get over the interview with that. Guy, like he was a guy. Yes, really was there's multiples. What is he's we're not off by anybody? Yeah I, resent that it seems like he probably enjoys this in some way, though oh yeah yeah, and he has the to talk about it. I love how he goes. I may have like he's trying to be all legal about it. Like bro, it's the aftermath. What puto says look at it was supposed to be logic really hard from the province. I might have said. This is the capital a lawyer said: I, don't feel too well. What made you want to do that? Well, it was. It was really just to create a viral video. It's like why he's confessing so we're worth come. It seems like a whole reference he's like confessing to the police or something yeah. It was a separate interview that I saw before this one I think it was that night, where he's in his hotel room and very briefly, I think his like dad opens the door and clear- and he says like off- camera like they just came in as in like the media is just in here. That's why I'm talking about it's like? No, you let them know you are gonna, be happy as a legend I. Just so many people, just don't have like the long-term thought process for some of this shit's like what do you expect? The long haul is gonna be for you here. You know you're the coronavirus, prank kid there's your week of no door yeah there was um. There was these one youtubers who did a plane prank that went all wrong. What did they do? That's when they beat the guy up on America? You know they that so that was not them, but there was really a bomb or something yeah. Oh he's an Arab dude. He was doing a terrorist, prank yeah and then didn't way to grow. He was trying to like pass it off, like he didn't, say any crime. He was just kicked off the flight right on video right. What I like is we're all talking about it and it took us a second to even remember what he did. I, don't know it's not worth it. He actually is a somewhat famous youtuber, although I don't remember his name, but he yes, I'm surprised. It's great doesn't look that young. You like to do something so stupid. Can you imagine being that to his dad you're, just like what have I, where have I gone wrong everywhere? The true answers, you're trying to talk to him he's going no I realize I was just trying to make a viral video he's, giving you the PR answer. Get you bad supposedly I have show love for you, so here's another one, I, don't know if you guys saw this but I love this I, don't know what this one, oh good. So this there had a pious PTA, parent-teacher Association meeting and he's complaining about his son facing bullying and racism kind of see a Mexican man that is a Mexican man. Okay well observed here we go when I went to his bedroom to say goodnight and he was crying because of the abuse he was in this school system. Actually, I got it. I love this laughing. Yes, that nobody's taking answer that, what a way to be the big man I can't believe I mean he thinks he's so right, glasses guy that yeah here you can see by the way. Can we soundbite this like the minute, there's like emptiness and I, do want to hear that again, yeah I mean I mean imagine like what a goon the guy's talking about his poor son, getting bullied. I love his face. Look at that because he realizes that the entire room has just turned on this dude yeah. That's gotta feel good for him. Is that his wife? Do you think, sitting right right next to him? I, don't think so. So that's a good question because I was like who the who, what this black of a soul would even bother going to a parent-teacher, Association meeting. You know what I mean yeah might be her on the laptop. It's just everybody just dogpile again, which is well-deserved I this one. It's one of my favorite moment, yeah, what I just I love people that have such broken logic and situations and to just think this is gonna land. So that's one of my favorite videos online that that Call of Duty eSports clip yeah where I, apparently, what the guy said was taken out of context that you're going home you ever seen that one no pulled up well, there's also. What do I type it sound like a slur in it? So I don't know whatever YouTube stuff, for you have a blank slur. Oh I think we could get away yeah, it would be I, don't even know like you're going home, you [ __ ], but apparently that's not the word. He said according to him, yeah it's hard. You gotta, hear it, but it's I love those when a room turns on some funniest thing in the world. To me this. It's the second ones that one yeah, oh I, don't know! That's! Okay! That's that's! Fair use! That's on [Applause]! That's what he's 71 yeah, what his what his defense was, and if you listen, you can kind of hear it too. I think he does actually call him a fan, as in you're like not a competitor, but you know that thing that nobody would ever say you're going home, your friend, that's true: I had hurt again. I have no dog in this fight. I had heard, like you, I think you brought that forward to me that he'd actually allegedly claimed he said, fan well. Cuz I've been enjoying this video slightly longer than 2017 and and and this one doesn't have the room turning on. Well, it's right the non curb at it has it. He definitely said I would I would, of course, why would he not here? Okay, let me find the real one. Cuz wow there's some very vulgar titles here. The only reason I'm ready to accept his defense, too, is cuz. I've loved this video for so long and then, when I saw that defense Irie listen to it, I was like wait. How was I have been wrong this whole time. Look what I typed look at the top. What that metadata is coming in pretty close, take it off I, don't know it's probably that they don't show results. I'll, be like a daily movie you're going home. You you're going naughty where you nobody should ever say that word. Never probably has it it's 11 seconds. It might still have I. Think the cook [Applause] I can hear the end one man you won. Why would you do that in the moment of victory and everybody just like hold on guys? I know nothing about the situation I'd like to think how would anyone think that they could just get away with that? In the moment it has heated up? Is that, like he was charged up well, inky says: fan I really know okay hold on hold on? What do you know who this guy is I know nothing I only know, because I think that would inform a lot of what he actually said, but there's no like there's no scenario like if I sit here like doctor, dr. strange and I calculate every possible, there's no universe and where I say you're going home, you [ __ ] fan, like you mean he's, not a professional player and a that. Someone was telling me within the last few months. That and again this is me quoting a friend I heard, but I had heard that that is kind of a common insult ammo is yes, yes, yes, go Orson I, believe you said that I was looking for an explanation and his explanation is it's an acronym for fat. Ass nerd is the worst defense that me cuz, yeah like in that line of like law, like makes sense in my head. If you call someone a fan like they're, just a [ __ ] fan I mean showing up, but I played counter-strike for years years and I've never once heard somebody who's that never bad. Damn. That's our best evidence right now, -. Let's hear again [Applause] I into your end, I, don't know: I, don't I, don't care about this guy I'm! No clue right! I, don't hear the G yeah, but I love. Everybody really turned, let's slow it down by the way poor, taste, yeah, bad, just bad sport, alright, yeah, even if no matter what he said, I think that he deserved to get turned on. He just looks like a dopey. Thank you for just helping I'm sure that guy tries to escape back clipping all the time. I just brought it back up. Yeah Oh check this out. What's up what are your thoughts on this clip? This guy was so excited to see. Alpo pay, the Pope I went no. No, that pizza doesn't look good and it can't be cut. I, don't know. What's going a little bit less the Pope that you should throw like a frisbee ins, Pope really didn't move there, that's like trying to get it right. It's almost like a little dance. Let me watch bro I'm surprised. The pulp accepts food from people in the streets. That seems like a health risk yeah. You know his social secur earned his social security, his security detail. What are you doing? Hey doesn't want to get run over through the Pope who travels in style, dance, yeah. What a ballsy move, regardless of what he's holding up like you, rushed the popemobile and you're like he was trying to cram some in his face. Did you see that video the Pope slap in that lady's hands couple weeks ago, yeah I loved it too so deserved [, __ ] that lady old man is wrenching. He apologized, but you know what you probably was like [ __ ] that [ __ ], yeah well I'd hurt to he's had like wrist surgery like apparently and regardless. It's like what is he 87 or something like that? Don't wrench on him, I love! He should have slapped her in the face. Yeah I love it I, love that the guy s hand delivered a pie to the Pope and the Pope. He accepts the pie. That's true! Hmm! If that was like, if he ate it and like that, was like the assassination of the Pope was just this [ __ ] guy coming in the streets and just handed a piece of ass, that day of reckoning that sign of hope gets killed by a Papa, John's Pizza. It all connects to a JEP, oh yeah, I, almost like docks, my other side of my family last Acholi soprano Oh, first name Tony. Your optimist, primavera welcome to Papa. So not enough. Cuz family I wanna see the Pope to a one bite review of that pizza. You know bar stool, it the Pope died. Who did it from that? Yeah we're good? We got it all Jase station. You guys I'm sure followed that whole thing keeps I, see it on Twitter I I'm not gonna, get too far into it, just to say that he did the whole death hoax. He pretended his girlfriend died, but here's here's actually where it got interesting, is that it's Toronto police confirm that Jason ether, that's a unfortunate last name yeah! It's here, yeah, probably French, would appear. He is due to appear in court. So we don't know for what, but she said she said that that he hit her really yeah and we all we couldn't tell if it was a hoax or not because he burped, you know, what's crazy, what really happened, ela, which is so [ __ ] insane and was what I predicted, but I thought it was too crazy, but they broke up and then he made a video pretending she died. However, they broke up because he hit her. She left and then he made a video pretending. She died just for content and to explain why she was gone but of course she's alive. And then she made a video saying like no I'm alive and he beat me again it's the short-term thing, because yeah I thought well, that's that can't be but he's due in court. Yeah Zack Zack Zack stake an issue with go ahead. Zack she was involved in making those videos. She was involved in that that's right, damn, but they, but so that's high. It's just so weird, like wakes her death and then she made a video saying he beat me. But whatever the case is, he is due in court. So all the best to James should a video of the making of one of the death hoax videos right and she was in it. Yes behind. Oh the Ouija board - like live yeah I mean this is where it like. Actually matters, but I try not to talk about him publicly ever just because, most of the time, it's such a clear, desperate grab for attention. Yeah like his like he also looks like if logic fell on hard times. Why don't the bad skinny white guys look like CSI mind giving guys like this? Well, it's not good attention a might, but it's also great content. So what am I gonna do I'm, saying people always say: Ethan, don't talk about them like dude, I'm, running a business yeah, it's just like that. Whole thing is so [ __ ], pathetic to me like I love it man, I, live for this. This is what I build my career. Doesn't it stress your out thinking about being that person, though, where it's like nope, it is involved, but that is just it's so pathetic. I could not imagine how miserable that would be doing like that. Oh, he is suffering every day that you guys see the thumbnail of that video I was like crying, no, no, no! No! No! So this is when I knew wait, it's better than that at first I was like man, I'm kind of a fret. What can I I was kind of afraid, because I was like man if it's true that really sucked, but then I was like well, there's no way it's true, but when I saw the thumbnail I hope you didn't delete, he took it down. We must have wait. I thought he had more subs in this. It's I am J station Oh girlfriend died thumbnail. Why would your second channel be your actual name one? You did that backwards. This was the thumbnail, oh god that was a thumbnail. You people can make good YouTube videos. Why do these people like not even Tresvant? Oh I, guess yeah D? Is it more insulting or less insulting if he made that or if he shipped it off to someone else to make that oh, where we have to give J station? Let some credit she's in heaven. It's so heartbreaking was just like you know what I thought to myself, though. If she did die this, it would be worse if she did die, and that was the thumbnail yeah. He would still do it if she actually died. I. Think right. Oh man, I think you're right the bubble like wow the really dark. Dude. Sorry go ahead, no I'm still I hate. You a question really hit me hard. I, don't know yeah I can't tell like you think he made it or said I think he made it. You know, there's a really good glow, yeah that it can do that. You think he outsource it on like Fiverr. You know it's any! You know it's even what he said she was killed by a drunk driver like it's not funny the only horrific thing to say yeah. You know what I mean Jesus Christ. She was she died yesterday. She was hit by a drunk driver and then- and then he goes see you guys. Should've watched it and and all she wanted to do was hit 300,000 subscribers on our channel together, damn J station. He goes he goes. We banked like five videos, so I'm gonna keep uploading those in her honor. So if you guys will go video msn like, but with our conversation of like me, not caring about growth at all, I can't understand these people. I don't get the competition see you need to get in his mind. Videos like Gus died. He was murdered by it. He was where he was raped and murdered. Wow yeah. They found his body where the I did it. What's the conspiracy that guy had talked you can talk, so she went on to make her own channel yeah laughter, yeah, well, I, never I never took anything they did seriously, but now that the police confirm that he is due in court yeah the thing if they, if he was actually suspected of beating her up, they would just arrest him one day. I assume yeah. Well, because I, don't you know, you can't trust the headline for it, but did that headlines they charged with assault? Was he actually charged? Because that's what I thought that headline said um, let's have a look, and it is also on you know, like it says: Professor Burton he has been arrested and charged with assault and assault with a weapon. Whoa see that sounds pretty serious. Damn it's not clear if the charges are related to the hoax. Oh, it's not clear. This is the type of thing where I think his channel should just get shut down. I'm sure it has well even before this use. That's why sometimes I don't get you to lie cuz they have rules. Then they go a good stand like stand on, so just they don't yeah and then they would on like really dumb [ __ ] like there's some home run like they were having great press for all that we're deleting Logan Paul's channel during that whole thing like they would have gotten great press for it, but I, don't know why you imagine, like that, have been a year's worth a clout for Susan just do whatever she wants to me. If she wouldn't, if she deleted his channel, though yeah J station I think is Paul. Oh yeah yeah. Wait: yeah yeah, wait but I think they're, just they're trying to they're trying to be like they're, not trying to be the police they're. Just the plyo and I think there's League already approached two days, but this is becoming the most [ __ ], because there's legal ramifications for being a platform. First, a mediator: hmm like there's greater inherent responsibility, but means differently to the FCF, the federal communicated okay. This was my voice to it picked out like an important. This is my favorite moment of the year. You guys call this I know: I watched some Larry King I, don't want is a Scott. This is David he's a conservative talk, show host and I guess people III frankly, don't know. I'm just gonna give the backstory as far as I know, because people are dunking on him. For this he's very passive I guess people people make fun of him. So they're dunking on Dave they're ducking on Dave for this one, so Larry King's on his show and they're. A key detail here is that Dave Rubin has said that Larry King is his idol. I mean he's great, but like Larry King's, your choice, there's better options: bro I mean great interviewer, but I'm, not I. Don't have like a Larry King poster in my room. Look at his [ __ ] kicks though dawg Air, Force Ones, baby, no Larry, King squall. Do you guys watch this? Alright, obviously beautiful. Let's check in I can't I, you don't even Republican. Moderates I grew up with a lot of them: yeah New, York, Herald, Tribune, there's some great you Scott a Pennsylvania Jake Javits of New York he's a distant cousin of mine. Actually, oh yeah, great a fascinating conversation. Yeah Samsung makes I so I visited that company in Korea yeah Samsung right and it's ringing right now. It's live by the way why it's live stream. You know knows in the very I'm gonna pause in the very beginning: I go back and show you, but just take my word for it. The Dave's first question hilarious. This is live. Does it make you nervous because you're used to broadcast and you could take things out yeah? He knows this is live. Wow live stream to YouTube with a life that just wait. Oh, this is [ __ ] kid by the way, oh I think it's as good. So probably forty three then talking to you. The audience is watching me talk to Wow gotten in your status or maybe you could do the ten minutes. When you open the refrigerator, look at Dave, he wants to do his own podcast, 20 years or breathing. He's a great kid. Alright Ken, when am I gonna, see it I'm dead tonight, I'm tied up tomorrow, get into the how about Thursday I love Friday night, all right the night before you double hit. The live, switchers deck is like capturing the wide glove he's really on it. I love! You a cannon! You think it's over okay, talk to you tomorrow. What no today that's great! The Dodgers got Mookie Betts and David Price today, you're breaking your breaking news. For me, man hi, that's tremendous! Who did they give up for them now? They're! Just talking about dodge your toddler, you know: do you think he's no yeah, you seem I, think Larry's doing players kid to my age. It was gonna, be a star, fine indication, even if that's why I like this, so Larry David's, not a prankster, even any moments where he's been kind of funny before and I think, especially him saying they're watching him. The thing is, if you were directed at that initial goodbye, though it would have been almost inappropriate, I mean it's a 47 minutes he's on the phone for, like five percent tomorrow by the Dodgers got wookie bets and David Price and jock Peterson went to the Angels three-way trade, see you are a news man breaking news, see that that's my excitement. The thousands and thousands of people now know them. Leaky sweaty, you really! You love your kids. I've seen you employ I, don't know he's no by the way. If I were him- and this is why it doesn't count cuz, he probably wants to be taken seriously. That would be the funniest thing that had ever happened to me in my entire life I'd be laughing that whole time he's clearly smiling through the pain that whole Dave's taking heat for then yet because he is so passive. Are you know what? But but but but obviously Larry [, __, ] him yeah III, know I, haven't seen a scrap of anything Dave Rubin I mean don't know him at all, but just watching this I probably would have done it the same way where it's, it seems, like you, said, he's self-aware and he's just like it's funny that I just sit back and let this play out and know what a couple subtle things in there were he's. Just like you know. Thousands of people watch this. You know I think he was I, think he was dying inside yeah, I. Think I think he was panicking. I'm disappointed that he didn't just cuz. If this happened to me, I wouldn't go adored, it I was like so [ __, ] funny, but I think he I think he was dying inside and panicking yeah, but he's not a comedian he's. Not we don't. You know he has a serious show yeah like if your hero is just pretty much giving you the finger for like five minutes but I just I love this and then the second wind like and then he was so long like that, like his son is like letting him wrap it up, he's like no. No. What have you seen because that's a thing do is I know. Larry is still extremely prolific. He does all his stuff on like I hear something in back like someone having a heart attack, everybody live back there Dan everyone, okay, I mean how old is Larry King he's in his night right hundred 200. He was a day behind her teenage. No, but this the thing is: he's still doin [ __ ], all the time like and he seems to be with it for the most part yeah. But my one of my favorite recent Larry clip at kinkle 86, it's from he's only 86. That is old, but he looks he looks like the grim reaper, but have you seen the the snippet when he's talking to Norm Macdonald and norm? Does you know, norms joke about I'm, a deeply closeted gay man mmm? No, no, that one at all I, don't know how easy it is. Can you pull that up at all? Do I there was a little king one that I was trying to find to show you and I couldn't. So you want me to watch Larry King V noir McDonald's, the closet, I, don't know if it's gonna be a clip at all, but it's it's his deeply closeted gay man bit and the thing is norm goes around and he does this on other shows it's one minute long and what something people don't know about you so Larry never gets. What are you revealing, I'm deeply closeted? That means you're gay. That means you're very, very gay, but you don't want to come out so closeted [Laughter] [Laughter], that's a great like I've seen norm. He goes Ron. Does this every doesn't conan tony gets it instantly such a great joke that you can play it off. Everyone, listen your norms, amazing I, love! I! Tell you what my favorite noir moment! He got in trouble for well. What did he say on the view? Oh the Roseanne Barr stuffer What. Did he say I, don't remember at all. He said something offensive, but he made it worse. He went on Howard Stern. What do you do to do an apology? He was on a whole apology tour because he had a Netflix show and he wanted yeah. So then on the Howard, Stern, Show and I'm listening to it live he's talking he's saying some joke about someone with Down syndrome. Well, you were saying like cuz. He was saying to think that that's what I meant when I said whatever he said yeah, you know the story sucks without the detail. I'm just I just pulled up I just found an article yeah. You would have to have Down syndrome to think that that's what I said right right. He goes you'd have to have Down syndrome. To think that's what I said and then there's the buckle. Awkward pause and he goes. Did you hear me? I say you have to be [. __ ] you'd have to be [, __ ]. No, on the apology tour. What is it that he was apologizing for the original comment on Howard Stern Show, where he said you'd have to have down syndrome, not to feel sorry for victims of sexual abuse, Wow good one. What was the apology for dan? That's what I want yeah? Yes, it was about. I must know what that's what I just told you what he said what he said a louis c.k What did he say that was offensive. I, don't remember, I thought I was a Rose Ann thing. I have no idea, I think he was siding with Louie CK. During that whole, that's it! No! It wasn't even his own controversy. That was just RKO'd. It's like you get you get so like lost and controversy. It's like I, didn't even [ __ ], do anything. I didn't I, didn't even save the original thing and now I'm on the radio saying [ __ ]. What a mess I think that's what it was. Something like that yeah it's norm doesn't seem like a guy, that's good for doing a PR, -, I love it now we're pulling up the clip - with the Larry King stuff. There's one interview where he asks Jerry Seinfeld if Seinfeld was cancelled, oh yeah Jerry's, just such a dick about it and we're like I kind of side with Larry, for it didn't sound. Like anything I, don't think it's sure I've seen that one a lot of time, I like it. What I think about current day Jerry, then yeah I want to hear that I got a sketch. I'm brewing up. I still got to make it so Seinfeld's. My favorite show hmm Curb. Your Enthusiasm is my second favorite show modern, so comedians and cars with coffee is is very corny mm-hm. And what was your question? I mean he's not a hundred like. What's your opinion of me was okay, he's good I felt like comedy wise I've, seen modern stand-up from him and I'm like you know, some of them miss, but I still think that, like he's got a really strong act, I just I think he's so [ __ ] pompous with you, oh yeah, sure yeah. It's clearly him and Larry kind of split off in two different directions with their content. For it like that's. What I love about curb is like, even in the new season he's talking about getting his ticket validated he's totally right, because I got elevation, ashamed I had like I was trying this therapist or whatever, but every time I would go out there. It's like they offer validation, but then, when I ask it's like she gives you this attitude like. Do you really need it and then every time she would not give me enough really yeah he's absolutely right. Thank you for sharing that he's. Definitely yeah, so brave he's definitely Papa's. He I think he I even heard him say on what's pompous, arrogant on on Stern. He says he thinks he's on the spectrum. People don't want that. Like people wanted like he's on the spectrum Jerry is he do you think he said that on how wait that I understand it to a degree, because you can't just continue doing what Jerry did when you become Jerry Seinfeld, but then the thing is I've seen him on comedians and cars being really elitist about comedy like he I, don't think he can sit. I could be wrong, but I think he said that if you're not a stand-up, he doesn't consider you a comedian yeah at all. When I hear him talk about comedy, it's like he's just some he's just obnoxious when I love him as a person he's very unapologetic such a purist approach about everything yeah we drink, coffee, how he eats his cereal and how you do comedy is also very autistic, but I feel like I, just lovely, ritualistic, yeah, yeah, very ritualistic yeah, which is a symptom of being on this. Well I, really I, just looked it up and apparently after he said that he later clarified to Brian Williams in an interview that um he was joking like well well, Howard, Jones, self-diagnose, yeah Howard said: do you think that there's something with you because he's he's so peculiar? Are you on the spectrum at all and he says I might be because you know he has a certain way and maybe a little lack of empathy in certain ways and yeah I won't be surprised. A little Asperger II I think that lesser Asperger is good for anyone. I mean I'm. Well, I! Guess they called a spectrum to certainly have traits that are very, like detailer, you on this back that no I've never been formally diagnosed with anything except I can't use Old Spice Fiji, because it gives me a rash but other than that. That's the white now I'm wearing it right now so I'm on the opposite end, don't hug me! No, but I think that Larry is able to find that balance, though, like Eddie said yeah, they split off and obviously it's like Larry's essentially I like a billionaire pretty much, but he can still get away with it because he is often the butt of the jokes, and it still is that like I'm, obviously rich but I can still nitpick digitation, but it doesn't come from like an elitist perspective as no I think Larry, oh they're, so dead I mean I. There's this whole yeah behind the scenes, like a 50-hour behind the scenes, Seinfeld thing that it's like I love I mean I'm, I love. This show is there that much behind the scenes? Oh it's like this. It's like a documentary with like 20 parts. It's so compelling, but there's so different people and Larry is very much he's very more emotionally mature there's a story they tell, but as soon as they say, Larry was an awful stand-up and Jerry was pretty good, but at they were at a party and Larry had written jokes for his girlfriend for a birthday which was such a bad idea already like a birthday gift, and then he and then they're like okay, tell the jokes Larry he's like I, don't want to I, don't want to, and Jerry was there yeah, and so he gave the jokes to Jerry and Jerry did them really good and they discovered that Larry's jokes through Jerry was like the golden ticket. That's what I think is also with her, then that Larry has to be that character version of himself or to like super deliver, yeah and yeah with something like stand up your you do that, but he's also been hilarious. Just in interviews that I watched with him and everything Larry yeah, oh yeah, he's a gem I think either one I think I don't for Larry. That's the thing is a lot of women love Larry Dave's got good style, yeah ex care of himself mmm. He really takes care of himself. You can tell ya. I just seems kind of edgy, it's kind of like he looked way worse. Younger yeah, you see I'm, like you ever see, clips of him on Fridays. That old sketch show at all no dude look at some Fridays got his hair was all by the way last 90 years, I have what no McDonald, what it, what started everything yeah! What's that so all it was, was that he he said, basically that he was happy that the me to reckoning with sexual misconduct seem to have slowed down a little bit, because you know he felt like that. What happened to Roseanne and like Louis DK was too hard on them because he's friends with both. So he said to himself, why should sure, showing your dick to penis a few time? What did I say, showing your penis to gir women a few times and jerking off in front of them? Should that ruin a man's career? If he says it like that? What who are we but mortal? It was a dark and stormy night, the louis c.k accusations I find that on the internet. People have swung wildly in his favor, but the accusations are very bizarre, he's accused of stant of blocking the exit and then jerking off very mix. It's made some people who know the story closely say that that's not true, that's just I will say saying that, but that's not the accusations, I will say to Louis CK's defense of all the meteos. His apology and self-reflection was a was very mature, reflective apologetic, and so at what point you know, do you let a man like that returned? That's it this earth, that's a great question it that's. What I'm just so curious about right now is I. Think his comeback. To some extent, at least more publicly is inevitable and I. Just wonder how it he will choose to do it, how he will be accepted and in what light kind of forms Tony saw. One of his shows that's right. I said it wasn't just wanted not to like, like hurt my brother's image for it. It was the like I want to see what he's doing that full life. What happened to him was [ __ ], but he said up to him. He said yeah I think I would seem to I'm just so [ __ ] curious yeah. The thing is, he said that it was still good, but some of the jokes seemed almost like rehashes a little bit. He said there was like a couple of really funny new ones, but there wasn't that thing that I think we're all expecting is really introspective he did. But from what I heard from my brother's, like he said it just didn't, really like it wasn't what he was hoping for. No, it needs to be like. The whole thing is about what happened: here's, what hey like two seconds and then new material, yeah, here's! What I hope is gonna happen here. First of all, I thought that he was gonna disappear for five years and then come back with us incredible for five years that yeah yeah, but he but here's what I hope he's got to stay sharp you as a standard community you gotta be always performing, but what I hope he's doing is in private working on these very complicated issues, because if he goes out on stage- and he does, this material is gonna get out. I think he I hope that he's perfecting the perfect redemption Act, maybe possibly I- hope. That's. Why I'm just I'm so curious again like what is the best way for him to come back. You know, like a lot of people, are I think it has to be that me. It has to be like yesterday, just football did where, like all of a sudden, he came back on Netflix would like those three new specials and each one way, but he didn't do anything but I know, but the first one was all about like how he was gone and what happened and like right. Yes, like stories that related to Chappelle can just ignore exactly but the whole yeah first one was pretty much dedicated to Iowa's gun. So ela you think like do you think Louie will come back with a special first or do you think he'll do a big public interview? First I think he would do a special okay, I mean I. Think I, don't know be special in an interview. - maybe propose a comedian. That's a wait! That's not his! That's! Not his strength. Yeah he's gotta like express himself to accommodate. If he doesn't give you that graft, he will never come back mmm. He has to do mm-hmm, cuz, I'm, sure pride, for example. He smoked crack and lit himself on fire. He has great. He did a whole bit know in his person. You know on stage and he came back and he had got old funny bit about letting himself on fire while smoking crack well Richard Pryor Marlon Brando news is the craziest thing I've ever heard in my life news about that they had a relationship. They, oh yeah, look. You know no not kill Marlon Brando and Richard Pryor [, __, ], oh well, I know, corner of the brand I think was bisexual, I'm, pretty sure priors daughter, confirmed I could be wrong. Wow I want it so badly to be right. Why Eddie broke the news years ago? Yeah you knew that I and then I took a phone call from my son for five. What yeah I know that Brando did [ __ ] dudes really and by the way talk about iers. We know confirmed yeah I. Just looked that same thing: yeah yeah, Marlon Brando were lovers. Priors widow confirms yeah. Do you think he kept that cotton in his mouth? What was blowing your mind? I just I. Just can't imagine these cute guys in bed together. Lee Brando is just like that dude [ __ ] that guy went through such an evolution. He moves like the most handsome man to being like Jabba, the Hutt yeah. Yes, you come on me on the day. I can't believe this. What yeah that's the thing is I feel his bottom dude Randall's bottom hard he's generating all that thrust. He's got those apocalypse now: hips, hmm but I or that virus. Oh, is that bottom bottom takes it takes it I think I'm gonna say to you prior one: it's called a power bottom primal power. Bottom, that's what I'm saying. So he was smoking quite late, that's first of all, a very short term, a market it for being a power bottom. Let's all just agree on a starting point here: bottom is the receiver. Is it I believe in bad? Have too much confidence? That's already are corrected. You can you can invert that there's I know what I'm saying without the word power there. The bottom is a different bottom bottom receive I. Suppose that's the default! That's the default! Yeah yeah, okay! So then I think Brando is top and then yeah Amil. That's what I'm saying he was wrong about everything. Wait were alpha, then then, but Richard might be, but Richard was like Alf privado. He was all I mean. Maybe you're right, but, like I always said you can't, maybe they like I would say that like I, do you think they have? You tried Freud? That is what's that? I! Don't know why I know it's when you just rub: dicks weight, Friday yeah, oh I, feel, like I, heard a different word out of that. What is the word for it? You know. I had a friend who once told me if she was gay, she would fry and I was like what is that wait, not with you just in general in general, nobody with me so there you so there's some Dame to take home. I love that I just I wish cuz. It can be a fly on the wall for a date with them. Honestly. What do they talk about? You know I heard they had a lot to talk about it. Probably brand was just one of those fascinating guys ever just really strange, interesting dude, you ever watch them unlike old interviews and stuff -. He did like a long one I like the Dick Cavett show or whatever, and it's after he sent the like First Nations woman, to accept the award on his behalf for winning the Godfather, Best Actor thing and I think he was like talking about it and it's just. He just seemed so confident in everything that he was doing that it was just like this is a guy that just doesn't give a [ __ ]. This is really interesting. Like watch an interview, you know, so do you think that like because he like got so big yeah in that movie on the waterfront he's one of the most handsome men I've ever seen, no blazing that yeah dude I'm. Looking at you his laptop right, Brando I, wonder: would you [ __ ] II love this for you Marlon, Brando or or what's his [ __ ] Paul Newman Paul Newman there, but you have to pick or you die it's kind of lipped like it's a very like pretty boy face. You know, Decker, you died right, lip 100%, I'm, still new, think I was gonna, say Paul Newman, Paul, Newman I go newly most handsome man to ever live and he's so [ __, ] cool I feel like if I did anything romantic with with Marlon, either way I'd leave a bloody. He just seems so aggressive. Just look at that. This was the butch I think this was Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. This was him at his most handsome, that's peak, that's peak Paul right there yep, and you know he was a humble guy. He was probably uh, there's probably thoughtful lover. [Laughter] yeah I mean he was obviously a very compassionate man. He created this nonprofit yeah, that's generated, half a billion I think that's a billion dollars just for salad dressing, I, don't know if it's good salad dressing, it is okay, it's really I think we've not crazy about his products and I like to help charity, but he's dead. He won't mind me saying that his Rolex sold for 16 million dollars Wow somebody. Whoever bought that probably jerked foot there. What'd I do well. They say it was Ralph Lauren that bought it, but it was his what a flex his 1960 Rolex Daytona. You think you think he put some Vaseline on it and rubbed it on his pants, because you guys think just now with the internet and seeing people so much that we'll ever get somebody like as cool as that ever again, because part of its the mystery right of only seeing them and mostly definitely I, think I'm, say something stupid exactly like it just doesn't. He doesn't tweet out like Bill Cosby, didn't really do anything, it's probably like DiCaprio and maybe like Ryan Gosling. Those guys are smart because they don't like really engage so smart. He understands how to be a star he's, not a social yeah. The grid I said when he's got a new album. It's everywhere, mm-hmm use it like you should, but he's not talking directly to the people now through social media. That's the mistake: I'm envious, yeah I, often wonder why am I doing it? Bennett doesn't benefit me at all. You know, Howard Stern always says this and I think it's so true. He goes why the [ __ ], would I be on Twitter, making content I get paid to entertain. People here nobody's paying me to be on Twitter I would I waste material also now risky you're making a joke. Now. That's like hey, I'm, just trying material and then five years, someone fishes it up from from Vox or whatever and down, and then all the sudden you're on an apology, tour saying: [, __ ] I mean like really what are we doing? Yeah [, __, ], stupid, I, just I'm, so envious of that I really do think DiCaprio just from a Hollywood standpoint. Right now is like the second wind of old Hollywood. It's like what the deal between [ __ ]. It is pretty similar to yeah, but but like I, just can't imagine being in the public eye. So much like that. If I could just swing in and do a movie every couple years and then just kind of [, __ ] off to a yacht, that would be pretty chill. It seems like well just try uploading less to a damage warning me that were at the two-hour 15. Why did they do it backwards? It's a woman in a wheelchair of really big woman. She must she must weigh at least 600 pounds being towed. What happened to the audio? It's not copyrighted, got it out, cause it's, but there's a good there's. There's air bring it in for a sec here. He goes only in Kansas folks, [Laughter] mistake: the tumbler on the curb man. You got the new spicy chicken strips only. Can you soundbite that you guys yeah? Oh yeah, all right, let me open it again. We can't we can't waste it. So would you consider this truck her own mobility? Scooter she's had a breakdown, I think so I think she's being rescued. You think Todd. Only in Kansas City you had the demo to cool you off Kim this right here, no wow. She almost takes a tumble. Really man yeah like if you fall it that way, you don't get up man again. It's just like I. Don't envy that life at all? That's so miserable it's the worst Oh, but imagine the amount of cheeseburgers you can enjoy like I, because do you know I'm not being rude but like last night, I ate a whole pizza to myself and it was so good. Yeah and I didn't feel bad about it at all and, like I would like to do that for every meal. I do too so there's some joy along the way. But then, when you realize that uh, what what have I become my only friends- that's probably my biggest crutch like I, like I, could just I can't [ __ ] stop eating I'm, so hungry, especially at night. You know: I just want to eat every I just want french fries and hamburgers, and pizza yeah and Diet Coke I could eat I'm, responsible, I, drink diet, coke yeah. There you go yeah, that's smart I could eat pizza, ramen and Thai food for the rest of my life. Ramen I could get really I [ __ ], with ramen pretty hard. You like ramen. It's all right: we're like Thai food, I'd, rather Asian cuisine, stuff I, like green curry, green curries, good. What do you [ __ ], with a drunken noodle um I, came out with stuff I I get what's going on here, you Chuck. Are you I can't help you help when we were talking about the insecurity stuff I'm? Always some point in between I've always been so it's like I got I, don't know you love a flat stomach, not flat. No but yeah I feel like you might look pretty good under there. It's like I still got I still got some some fatty, though it's cuz, my yeah. My diet is pretty bad, but I still exercise and when I regiment um. Why I? Just it's an easy one. Just I run a mile every day, I have since, like my senior year high school and like yeah I, don't know it's just it's only to keep the lifestyle going of what you're saying of like eating pretty poorly, but what I loved when I was going to come. College and I was like really getting into it. More I would just have everyday for lunch. I would just have a white rice with like cut-up chicken breasts and Frank's redhot buffalo sauce, and that was I could eat it any day, but your meal yeah. Well, that's good mm-hmm dude. It does sound good. You have that turbo mode meal we're just like this- is [ __ ] hardcore like I to fluctuate a lot more in college too, especially like. If you just got out a relationship or something you're like I'm on the free market right now, yeah I mean, if will you ever divorce me I? Think I would lose a lot of weight really. But it's not it's not about you. It's it's just that you or you realize, like. Oh, my god, I'm unfuckable right now and I feel bad because I didn't wander. You know, I'll know what you're up to like I'm, not I'm, just gonna get fatter. Try got a kid and [ __ ] now, so you can't for me, but um I do feel bad, because I do want you to want to [ __ ] me but I. Just look in the mirror and I know that that's not possible to fat, let's see how that plays in the courtroom. Yeah. What's your reason for divorce to fat? It's just a temporary thing, though you don't have to sign the page yeah we'll stick around um. Let's see, we've got oh so I've got. This is my final thought for you guys before we go, you guys heard about goopes yeah pagina, scented candle, we're getting one I didn't see that maybe five dollars. So here's what I'm thinking we have a really talented production manager. You are teddy fresh who can like source anything and I pitched this to him, and he says he can get it done. Yeah I want to get a butthole scented candles. They were really I think he can do it well. He says the I wanted to actually smell, like [ __ ], so we'll put like sulfur in it. Yeah I, then like brown, chunks of wax and the wax and like little strands of fibers that look like pubic, hair, Jesus Christ make where the like I look like a little, but does that like an anus Oh? Is there a way you can engineer it see you blow it out, and it just goes like this still like a little like one of those like that's a real fart Wendy Williams fart. Oh, that's, her actual fart plate again. Isn't that crazy? That's a frothy, fart yeah! It's a new foam green! Would you buy? That would you is? It would be expensive? That's the thing! Would you spend $75 as a gag if I made like a hundred of them, do you think I could sell them? Yeah, yeah I think so those are like 50 bucks. Just it's like the trying to make money from it necessarily, but you want people to experience it. It's like a bad tasting bean game thing people will buy. It could just they want to know. If it was accurate, you should not. You should try to make it not as gross like what you beakers yeah make it smell like good, [, __ ]. You know good. Is this supposed to be like when it's Paltrow's vagina specific? No, it's just like it says my vagina, so it and we're gonna get it soon. Apparently it's in the mail so we'll find out, say vulva, T I, like that these people are in the ad bag. The tennis coach, oh, it's yeah vote yet says vulva T, let's see what is that? What about this is vulva? It's only a vulva, okay, really you're gonna sell that sure for $55 get out of my life. I thought it was like a tea bag. Like you're, saying yeah, I thought it was tea. What the [ __ ], goop you're, so annoying you're, actually gonna cut like you're. Actually gonna write like try to make this look fashionable. It's only a vulva, okay! Well, it's on your chest! So where's the Volvo like your vulva, doesn't go there. You make more sense on a onesie right on the little button part they've sold out of extra large and large, so the big girls went for this one. What's the message here to like it's like they're, already on the defensive like hey, it's only a Volvo like what's the carnot our first date, you're like I, well, I. Think of what it means is, whoever wears that it's gotta prove a sizable Volvo. Well, the vulva is like the dangly [ __ ] right yeah. It's like the lips cuz, the vagina out, the lip interior cuz. There's like sorry. This is bad female anatomy. No, the labia is the lips are the labia. So what's the vulva vagina another word for no, it's a specific part of the vagina. I thought. Let me do it here. Let me Bulba is the external part of the female genitalia. It protects a woman's sexual organs you're in there. Let me get a problem you nobody look at this. Obviously, so is it like, like an order of operations like the PEMDAS of the [ __ ] female? Isn't that like the labia is the outside lip part and in the vulva is like closer to weight the little whole thing yeah, the labia is a subpart. You got it you're right. We should listen to the female like yeah, wait, I didn't know the vulvas, the whole [ __ ] thing just select another one. Basically, you know a fleshlight yeah the front part that whole thing is the vulva. No I don't understand what the shirts for, because there's a lot of like like the vagina, is kind of like a scary, unknown territory that people don't want to talk about or look at or anything. There's a there's been a lot of artists. You think the shirt helps I. Do not it doesn't help me understand. Cuz, I didn't even know what I think. It's a start that only like it's between girls. You know what I mean it's not gonna, do anything for you. It did educate me. I mean. Why did any three of you guys know what the Volvo was backstage? Next yeah, we were talking about a pre podcast, but we couldn't come back in the end. No I did not an ballpark yeah I. Guess guys, don't know what the [ __ ] involve. It I mean I knew what it was. But then I questioned myself down. Hila said yeah, the labia is the lips, I didn't say only well I guess somebody I got it wrong. I think we should all take a moment that Gus was wrong about that and Gus very wrong hold on I'm, just more of a cervix guy, that's my wheelhouse. Can we take anything away from the fact that X, L and L are the only sold-out sizes, I I wouldn't put it past goop to just not be selling those eeeh, and just about that fat, shaming those [, __ ]? They only want Gweneth body. Look-Alikes I didn't know that they had a food section that [ __ ] I hate lifestyle. That is weird looks like she is like a snake oil just dealers, oh yeah and she's still one of the biggest names in Hollywood I, really like her in movies and stuff. It's weird to make the separation coupe is a night. The [ __ ] at the Netflix, though, was we did one on energy healing bro. You guys got to watch at Episode five, so you seem like you really are in the goop right, but but just to kind of workshop, this butthole scented candle. So you think chunks of brown wax are no go. I would say just make the whole thing: brown problem right: yeah, okay, smart, wise yeah I like that, each and then what about pubic fibers man I, would skip you I would skip the view if you branded it and said that the wick is like tightly-wound, pubes itself, horseshoe, but I. Think a wick is a wish. A wick is a wick yeah. Maybe a you know what you're right? Oh you're burning! It's a brown wax. What was it like? We were shopping for a mattress and they're like the materials were so ridiculous. Like no I I saw a hundred thousand dollar mattress. Are you [, __, ], kidding and I was like what why he goes. It's got horse hairs cashmere. So, but it wasn't just horsehair. He had like a nicer way of saying it. Oh I'm unicorn hair, but it was like hey cuz I was like I'm sorry I laid on it too. By the way, oh I think it was horse tail, maybe no! No, it wasn't that good. It was not. It was just a mattress, but but you covered, the mattress is just a purple mattress that they taped horse. It's the same thing with like luxury cars. I, wouldn't be able to lay that that, like you can't like I, don't usually eat on my bed but, like occasionally, you know, I'll have like a drink with me or something where you spill a Bud Light on a hundred thousand dollar mattress. Well, you have you um, you have a you, you! You have a water protective sheet, so you guys you have layer protective sheet yeah! You see. This is what you're supposed young men, not the shitty cells, so you'll get. So what you get is a protective sheet. That's waterproof! That way you don't sweat through and damage and your your mattress. So that goes on the bottom and then the sheet goes over, that you don't really remove the protective sheet. Gotcha. Definitely recommend that, if not even to protect from spills but the sweat, if you look at your mattress mm-hmm, it gets real nasty. We got really cheap. Amazon mattresses, Oh for real yeah I've, actually been pretty happy with mine. But now you know it wasn't like one of the investment mattresses so now like it had like a soft and firm side and the soft sides, like not supporting me at all anymore, no I should get a nicer one. Well as long as you don't back pain, I'd say that doesn't matter, that's that's true mattress yeah, but we just got a new mattress um. We went firm. If you wanted I did not I didn't spend 50 grand. It was a four thousand six hundred dollars. Okay, which to me is insane: is it it's a laugher I, never thought we would spend that much, but I think that's what it costs for, like a high end like normal mattress. Anything over am I wrong. I are well [, __, ], I'm, gonna spin on it I bought my 50 or something I. Think, generally, if you're getting like a not high-end but nicer, one I think they're around like 1,500, because they're seen as like estimates yeah so you're getting like a nice mattress, yeah and a stick. That's not like too crazy, like even before we were filthy, rich, not kidding even even before when we were just like normal people. [Laughter] even before you would get I would spend like when we were on a budget, a thousand dollars cuz but Dan. How how much you spent on your mattress? You pleb I, pay you enough to buy yourself a nice mattress, not four grand! That's for sure how much you spend on your mattress, I, don't know: 600 700 bucks, ok, I I had a $800 mattress that from Casper actually, who is not a sponsor of mine and I, don't like working with them. The mattress is comfortable, but if they want to come back and sponsor us, I would accept their grace. Really bad and I apologize for my previous, because I do endorse the product playing both sides. Well, listen! I'm! Just being honest, I didn't spend a hundred grand you know it could have been worse. That's about all I've got so quickly been going for a long, [, __ ] time two and a half hours. It's a long show. That means we were having a lot of fun. Sometimes you don't have as much fun and the time goes so much slower and you're. Just you wondering one can wrap it up. This wasn't one of those times. This was a it flowed flood it glowed and showed no. This is rad, though, thanks for having fun yeah Gus, a pleasure Eddy was great to meet you I'm, a fan of your content, produce it at the pace that that fulfills, your soul and it really means a lot. Oh, thank you so much and thank you for saying that. I'm, your sole inspiration role model, you say about me: I, said soul, inspiration and creative inspiration. I've know, that's really clicking with what I think I say the reason you get up in the morning. Yes, you want to save me here. Free I think he said pretty good there. That was something I think I said. No. You said, bro show me to help you. You know what you just say: I run it back no seriously, yes Rachel fortune, and so what is today Friday sure is Monday. Is the Dave ray they recognize going that way, I'm not sleeping at night, maybe papa nervous, it's a nerves, I'm nervous. We have pot. Actually next week we have got Papa on Monday unusual days and PewDiePie on Wednesday, real, all again REO, that's calling it episodes will be posted the day, so that'll be fun yeah. Obviously it's all downhill from here. What a great time, what a good people and, as you know, I, have a hard time wrapping this up. So is there anything you guys would like to say? Well, we in our podcast, by going out of her way to abruptly not plan it out. Yeah we'll leave music. So maybe we should just hard cut alright Paul Newman.