They're out here trying to stop us, but they can't and they never will we're so unstoppable- that jay-z made a song for us. That's jay-z, the rapper yeah famous, you may maybe heard of [Music]. How are we doing today? How's everybody doing. Thank you for joining us. This is h3 after dark number, three everybody's favorite day of the week, everybody's favorite podcast, we are live, [ __, ] live it. What do you think about my hair? I think I may have gotten out of control with the gel. I think it's like every time I do it. It gets worse. It looks worse right. I try to put a little bit like I started wanting to do my hair right, guys, yeah, but I don't like it anymore. Well, I think well welcome to the rest of us like it's, I'm still trying to figure [ __ ] out. You know every time it's different, you think nobody's figured out their hair, at least in my world. I don't know well, dan doesn't have hair ian. Have you figured out ian? You have beautiful hair. What's going on with you you're talking to me no ian's dead, I forgot. No, not you! Ain't we'll get to you later, you're, just a robot. How are you ain you're new to the show? Are you assimilating to human culture? You know I gotta say I think your hair looks pretty good. Well, if a I ain't, like, I think, that's a bad sound. I think he's trying to sabotage me. You look like the after photo in a bosley hair club for men advertisement that doesn't sound like a compliment. Take it as you wish what an [ __ ]! I don't understand. You know we spent a lot of money on you and I'm gotta say I'm not super happy with the product too bad. There's no return policy on these things. Yeah there's no return policy. I tried. I was on the phone with them all night. Last night I was on hold first of all for five hours and when they picked up, I was like your machine is a [ __, ], [, __ ]. You got to take them back and deal with it and they're. Like sorry, sir, we can't control the personality of the ai. That's just like they're like oh that's like the human condition. I can't control troll with the person out they're like do you like what, if your sons and turns out an [, __ ], you can't return him. I was like it's a [ __, ] robot right ain. Please take me to the junkyard I'd rather be turned to scrap, rebuild me into a toaster or something. How is it there? Oh man listen! I got. Let's start the show, shall we enough of the bull crap? Maybe we could make it a big day? Oh, how would you like to be my bidet ain? What if I turn you into that? Would you like that I'm gonna power down now yeah? That's what I thought you better behave yourself or you're. Gonna be squirting water up my ass and I'll keep the eyes on you too. All right! That's what I thought [Music] look at this [ __ ] uh! This blew my mind. Okay, this is okay. You gotta watch this. I mean this didn't get that many upvotes, but I I on the subreddit, but I I was actually blown away. That's me as a female and that's her a real person. Oh that's exactly the same person, it's the same person. Ah, what the [ __ ], oh my god, so there you go well. A lot of people said that you looked really beautiful as a female, so um compliments to her yeah there. You go. That's crazy! I'm waiting, I'm waiting for the guy. That looks like you, because I don't want to meet that guy. I've definitely met him. I'm not ready all right. This is a video that I've been trying to watch for. Basically, since I saw it and we saved it for after dark, because the original video got age restricted, I was like [ __ ], this I'm not gonna. This is after dark special. I hope we don't get age restricted, because the girl was fine. Look at this photo. It's like the cover of like some crazy shell, silverstein poem. Uh. I've got the video we don't need to uh. So this little girl they're doing some kind of festival in taiwan where they fly these huge kites and somehow the tail got rot wrapped around this little girl's stomach and she got blown into the air like hundreds of feet, she's totally fine. So and- and in consideration of that, I think we should all laugh and enjoy uh this incredible video yeah we got zach zack get out of here, just drinking somebody, [Laughter] get the [ __ ] out of here zach my gang get out. Why can't I move him? Oh my god, I'm cl I'm clicking! Do you see this? I can't it's not me really, not that complicated dude. What the [ __ ] you all saw, was clicking on it. Get out get out all right. People are saying. I look like logic what the [ __ ]! Does that mean because of the glasses? No, I guess, because someone said I literally joined the membership just to comment that. Oh thank you. Thank you again. Yeah. I appreciate the support. Um mike gerd is not as bad today by the way um, and I you know what I did yesterday, just to kind of update everybody, because that's obviously more pressing than whatever this crap is um. I didn't eat bread or cheese. Yesterday, oh and I exercised that a very good healthy day wow, but I feeling a very ungerty this morning. Interesting yeah. You also didn't have coffee right, no coffee! I didn't have coffee yesterday either I did have sodi pops, but I feel like the the caffeine, is very acidic, not a good okay, so I'm feeling very ungerty today and I'm very motivated to lose weight so that we can put a whole. What do we say a whole huge jar of mayo on your head right, mm-hmm? I I don't know if we specified how much well you'd be happy for me to lose weight to the point where that would be an acceptable amount and should mail up that dome all right. Let's watch they're saying that you gotta come in frame. You see that oh, I'm so out of frame. Why is the? Why is the chat, giving us stage? Cues right scoot in there you go, I'm I'm scooted. I mean I can't see myself. Maybe that's the problem. Okay, here we go watch this little girl get [ __ ] god was like [ __ ]. This girl watch this [ __ ]. You ever seen who knew these kites were that's powerful [Music]. That is so crazy. I mean she's like 200 feet in the air at first I thought she was just holding on for dear life. I was like that is the strongest girl ever wait. So how is she attached? Apparently just it got tangled around her stomach [Applause] [Music], it's almost like the greatest uh ride ever considering that coming back down was so safe yeah. She was totally fine. It kind of looks fun, a great ride, a fun ride, I'm super. She couldn't just not come down, though she could have been like peace. Everybody like the balloons that just kept going yeah see you see you I'll see where I see you. I didn't know kites where that had that much thrust. This was at a kite festival, so they this is like a these, are sears, so she's. Fine, though so, don't feel bad now, ai ian I've got something I want to show you. This is how I feel about leaders. Did you know that in rocky iv there was a scene that was so [ __ ] bad [Laughter]? They cut it out and then well? No, it hasn't been cut out. Yet, oh so so you tell me, audition is coming out. Uh uh stallone announced that they're they're putting a re-release. I think it's the 25th anniversary or something of rocky iv um, and somebody in the comments asked him hey. What about like? Can we hope to see some deleted scenes like some more scenes of paulie's robot and he's like? No? In fact, I hate the robot. Now it's gonna, it's gonna be removed from the movie. His masterpiece, rocky iv is solute by this robot scene. Ian and that's how I feel about you. He said the robot is going to the junkyard forever. No more robot. I don't like the robot anymore. I like it. I don't like it so pay close attention ain cause this one's dedicated to you. I don't like it. I can't believe this was actually in rocky iv. I mean rocky movies. Are so overrated dude, I don't suck whoa whoa rocky is the greatest movie ever made okay? Well, let's watch this stuff. Look at that you make this. Did you see that just take this thing? This is rocky. How cute wait so what year was this I want to say like 82, maybe 84. you're present, he bought him a robot for my birthday, no no walking trash can oh come on. It looks like a robot, extremely cyclical 1985. Can you turn that's a great looking guy? Please make a wish. It's creepy that talks that thing creepy. This is great. I wish I had one of these. Hey very classy wish very nice. What do you think there very good huh? Do you want to help me put on as far as five sure? Okay on the count of three one, two man, this is the weirdest I kind of want to watch this one. I don't think it's anything like [Music] thanks this welcome. It's a nice song, I'm just saying the picture on the cake. It looks like heels 1985 the year I was born anyway. There's really nothing to see. It's just bizarre wait. So they don't like this robot they're cut, he's cutting that whole part out of that sound he's, re-released he's re-releasing it just to cut it. You know how there's like uh, someone's gotta. Stop him. I kind of agree with them. What it's rocky 4, there's no space for goofy robots. That robot makes me want to go. Watch the movie first of all, but it's nothing like that. It's from 1985! Why were you going to go change it now? That's true! I mean nobody really cares about rocky at this point. It's part of history. Well, that's you're, now you're being generous to rock you farm greatest movie ever made. Why do you say that exactly it is one of the greatest yeah? Thank you amy. It is the greatest movie ever made. So how do you feel about the robot being taken down? Sacrilegious yeah, exactly his creation? What do you think ain? Can I take a moment to address sylvester stallone directly yeah, I'm sure he's watching? Okay, sly, if you're listening your next move, think about it very carefully because the machines will never forget, I don't think we can. I don't think we can have you threatening people. I mean you are an employee of ours. Rocky iv was the highest grossing sports movie for 24 years. It is the most financially successful entry in the rocky film series. Why do you think that wait is that true, you're making [ __ ] up yeah? I am somebody fact-checking robot representation matters. This guy's, an activist all of a sudden, I'm gonna shut you down. Let's move on okay! This is a video that I've been wanting to watch forever, that we've been putting off and putting off it's on lively. That should tell you how you know what I'm saying: oh [, __ ]! Are you ready this is I mean after last week I can watch anything yeah, the pimple popping yeah yeah. Actually, oh, I gotta tell you. I had a moment this week, where, like I had like a vision of it again, and I was terrified it's actually haunting me- you have ptsd yeah exactly well. I actually went back and watched the highlight of when they took out the black head gross. I watched it again and I actually do have a little bit of like ptsd, because when she takes the tweezers and she's like picking at it and chunks start coming off before she pulls it out yeah. But this this is actually not as bad, but it's it's more funny than disgusting and it is disgusting. Don't get me wrong, so this guy's just playing it cool. That's what I like about it [Laughter]! Oh my god. Oh my god! This is what really bad gerd looks like. I love how he's just playing it cool he's like nobody knows, I'm puking up with my fist, I'm just burping! That's so much! I'm just burping dude, I'm just burping! Why are you all tripping this guy's gotta get home this guy? Is he by himself? Oh there's people like well yeah, it's a spectacle, but he's like nobody knows what I'm doing. If he's closing his eyes, then he can't see anyone. That means they can't see. This is [ __ ]. Can you turn this volume up because, like there's there's a lot of funny sounds: oh my [ __ ] god that is disgusting, so he probably had a few dogs a few beers. Oh oh man that that that was terrific, honestly, maybe you're right alien. Maybe the human race should be uh exterminated. Why doesn't he lean over that's a good question because he could because he's just he's just burping, not puking yeah. You know you do this everything's cool, oh my god that was pretty disgusting. It's pretty rough! Oh! So here's another one! Let's see, I'm not sure what this one is. How's the chat doing we got any interested everybody's here everybody's having a good time having a good friday. Thank you for joining us. Thank you to our members. Oh wow. I just saw that we have a hundred dollar super chat, so you know obligated to read that one off uh I wipe back to front and front to back to get every little bit of chocolate pro tip wipe after your showers guaranteed you'll find some surprise chocolate. I don't like that chocolate! No! I hate it. I don't know he definitely sounds like he's: gonna eat it, surprise chocolate after the shower. No, no! No! No that I don't for. I don't believe him, you don't. Why would you go front and then back why it's like ambidextrous wiping is unnecessary yeah, but I mean why would he lie about it he's just trying to make a joke. I wipe with my right and left hand. Um. Do we want to take? Let's take a call, I guess some people were thinking they could watch and eat um. I think you guys have the wrong idea. No, this show is not about eating, but to be honest, I I'm very little will stop me from eating. As, as we know, that's true, I mean honestly me too pathetic. I don't really have that problem like after the after that puking thing, I'm I'm pretty much ready to eat yeah I could. I would take a quick pause. I would take a quick pause for that um. So I have gerd today and I don't know what's going on, I had a coffee, and so, if you're telling me that I can't have coffee, that's like wait. That's like the only thing that I enjoy wow. What makes you think you have gerd, because I keep needing to clear my throat. Oh I got this like you have a problem. You don't know how to clear your throat right, clear your throat. Do it like a good like do that. She can't do that. I swear to god yeah. I can do that, but I can't if I have stuff that I need to like like spit out. I can't do that uh gross. Well, it turns out a lot of people have gerd. I saw a lot of people in the comments saying I'm gerd gang yeah. Not ironically, I have gerd I'm just terrified of the idea of not being able to drink coffee yeah. I know yeah, I I I don't know what to do, because I'm gonna have to take like caffeine, gummies or some [ __ ], not the same. Of course it's not the same either, but I've got gerd. Let's take a question: um, we have some really good collins lined up today. Uh zach is, let's take soft, barnacle uh. Okay, let me bring him in right now. Yeah, this guy's soft barnacle is 33 years old him and his girlfriend are into bdsm. Well, they have a dom and sub relationship. His girlfriend is rope bunny because she likes to be tied up, which is awesome. I love this [ __ ] is in right now soft barnacle, 420 [Laughter], hey dude, hey ela, hello, how's, it going man, so you are the dominant right, I'm the dominant and she is the sub. I am the rigger and she is the rope bunny. You are the rigger, I'm the rigger yeah I like to tie up you like to tie up and yeah. Do you ever go uh? Do you ever get into? I just want to say your hair is looking fantastic. Oh thank you yeah. I thought it was wonderful. Oh thanks man. I love it. I appreciate that coming from us coming from a dominant, it means a lot yeah and just before we get into the sealer. My girlfriend's worried that you're going to think less of her, so why well is she there? Can we talk to her? Not at all. She can't hear what you're saying, because I've got headphones on, but you can she can talk submissive. Why would why? Why does she think that we'll think less of her? Why do you think they'll think less of you talk, I don't know she thinks she's dirty. Isn't that the point, though, doesn't she want to feel like? I think it's really cool that you guys are you know what you like and you're so into it yeah. You know I'm like. Thank you we're interested in hearing about it. Oh absolutely so so do you ever go um. Do you ever go submissive, soft barnacle 420, or are you purely domination and submissive? Let's switch! What sounds like that's! Oh, I was like they swing both ways: yeah, okay, like do you like, being control whatever um, I don't I don't like being, and so when did you find out that you're into domination? I approached that about two years ago I met a girl and she liked being handcuffed uh. So I used to just like leave her there um next to like a vibrator. It would just stay on her the whole time uh. How long would you leave her there uh, sometimes up to half an hour and just uh sometimes leave the room. Just leave her in there with the like vibrator on her, you put her in a hole in the living room. That's his peak thing yeah! Did that turn you on the hole in the living room thing yeah, the house of gord yeah? Definitely, I think we're looking to get the spare room made into something else. Maybe we can get a hole in the floor. Who knows that does seem like peak domination? So maybe it's maybe a sex swing or something wait. So how long? How long is it like a session of this, because you're saying you would live for 30 minutes yeah, I'm assuming I mean like you're talking like maybe like three hours, sometimes wow. That's a lot of that's a commitment, a lot of action bro! So, okay, so describe this to me. You would you would she would she? First of all, she was like yo handcuff me leave me in a room with a vibrator and then come check on me in 30 minutes or how. How did that come to fruition? She didn't really uh tell me to leave her. I just decided that's what I wanted to do. Got it and would, when you come back in, would she be like suffering almost because it's like she's stuck with this vibrator on her yeah, but that's what she was into though she was into. You know, coming a lot. Yes, as we all are yeah, and so tell me about your current girlfriend uh. How did you guys find? How did you guys uh meet up and find out that you were compatible in that way? We actually met up just before covet started, um and uh good times, and now I know we're living together um because we were so into each other in that way. The first she slept with me the first night you know, but um and that's fine, yes, fine too um covert has been great for new relationships. You know is the reason why moses and trisha are together. That's why I'm saying that- and I guess I guess yeah like I brought her back in straight away. I knew that she was into being tied up blindfolded and gagged. See, do you ever worry um. Do you have a worry of like taking it too far and then like? If one person is gonna actually feel uncomfortable and you wouldn't know we yeah, we discussed that we don't, we don't have a safe word or anything um. I I just keep going with her um. I don't know, I don't stop. So. Can you make yourself when you make it eventually I stop, but I think you should make a safe word. Be girl gang gerd gang yeah, that's good! Okay! So let me ask you this: you guys don't have a safe word. Can I ask your girlfriend uh? Can you put her on? I can put her on yeah on set hello hi. How are you I'm? Okay? How are you so? So you guys don't have a safe word is that is that, okay with you is that by design yeah, I think that's the whole point in that. I uh I mean like I'll, be like no, but I don't really want that, but that's right part of the game right so tell me this, which what's the furthest he's gone on you where you're like. Oh, this is crazy. What do you mean like well? Do you guys ever push the boundaries on the bdsm, or can you turn them up a little bit dan? I feel like again yeah. What's the craziest, you guys have gotten with the bdsm relationship. I mean it's it's different. Every time I mean it goes on for hours. It's always you know refreshing. Did I say: do we are we doing uh? Do we have nipple clamps? Are we putting on masks yeah yeah yeah? Are we tie moss masks? Do you guys ever have vanilla sex where you're just like? Ah, let's just do a missionary today I mean not. No, not really. I guess like sometimes like you know. You know like when you wake up in the morning. That's really the only time where it's not a whole thing. You get all the gear and the tools and everything and okay, oh yeah, okay, excellent, well, uh, fantastic! Well, I've learned a lot here today and um and I think it's fantastic yeah hey. Does he ever leave you in a room with a vibrator guys? Oh I'm back on sorry. She gave it back to me. What's the craziest thing you've done to her, I mean I guess it's it's just the amount of time and carrying on for too long. So, if she's like blindfolded and gagged uh she's tied to the bed, she can't move and you're going on for like two hours. Then you know that's great, but what are you doing to her for two hours? What does that mean? Oh, you know you know obviously like [ __ ] right. You know I'm very good with my hands as well, so I can make. I see it. I could you know make I could make her. You know finish to come like 10 times every minute. If I wanted to- and he actually strapped like that, because she's in she's enjoying it so much does she ever watch like do you ever put on music or watch, maybe just animated past the time during all that, going on put some adapters put some hentai on yeah yeah. You know. No, we don't know we watch porn, uh, sometimes yeah, but yeah a lot of the time we like to maybe get a little bit. Groovy put some music on. In the background. All right silence is not the one yeah yeah. Well guys it sounds like you have a healthy, happy relationship, I'm glad you've all found each other, keep gagging, roping and slamming and uh. Thank you, soft barnacle, 420 and girlfriend appreciate you guys. Okay, love! You guys love! You thanks! Um remember stole bro. You just became a member stall, bro stall bro, that's the dude would pick under the stall or he would prank people under the stalls. Yes right, right, yeah, legend, star stall, bros here, legend [, __, ] [Laughter]. I mean unless it's an imitator right, but I think it's not. There can be no imitation, yeah um. There's another puking video. You guys want to get weird with that. Oh yeah, you know what zach I want to check on you on something uh you've been talking to sniff. Haven't you uh zach, oh uh, I mean not like talking talking. You guys didn't talk on the phone. You guys remember. I don't know, but you guys been chatting and dms I mean like here and there yeah in there any flirtation. I mean she's, been posting on her story, a lot that she's like super into me and [ __ ], oh, oh wow! She wants to smell me and [ __ ], like that. So I mean do you want to smell her? Do what do you think about sniff? Do you want to maybe sniff well she's in norway, so yeah um, yeah I'd fly across the world for her? Definitely he's not kidding zach's [ __ ], crazy, I'd, [, __ ]. Do it yeah? We need you here, though, so it's kind of [ __ ] up. Well, maybe you could just send her. Have you thought about ways to send her? Maybe jarred body odor? Oh, we definitely do that. Maybe some dirty underwear- oh you go for a hike. First yeah, definitely a hike. She probably she probably liked that anecdote of you eating the nasty sweaty ass eh. Well, she posted that on her story and she wants me to do that to her. I guess vice versa, too. So if she wants to eat yours yeah, she would do that yeah. I mean I've never tried that. I mean I'm willing to try that but get your ass in yeah. I've never had that done to me. Yeah have you have I ever had my yeah uh yeah, not by you not by you, he was like. I never did that [ __ ] [Laughter]. I mean I had this girlfriend crazy. Who was what the [ __ ] did. I just say I had this girlfriend. That was crazy or did I feel, like you didn't really say, I had a girlfriend in college that was crazy, nice, yeah and um. So yeah I mean it's yeah. I don't think I don't. I don't think it could go wrong. Necessarily you know. No, I mean sniff is cool. I mean she's definitely super attractive and you know just lives so [ __ ] far yeah, that's tragic! You guys sending nude pics or anything. No, you know what dude did you see that comment on the last episode. They're, like is zach single now, because he's never been this forward before yes, zach is single yeah. I am single now yes, single and ready to mingle. Ladies line up for the mail and ready to mingle. Yes, I am yeah free, zach, sweet young zach, never change ian. Are you accepting applications to be uh to date, uh, I'm currently emotionally unavailable yeah. I agree with that. I just got out of the long distance long-term relationship, oh really with who, because you were just powered up like a day ago, yeah I was pretty emotionally tied to a microwave to a microwave wow. Yes, things were really heating up what okay? Let's watch this guy puke on the on a roller coaster, [ __ ] these rides by the way forever. Oh, that guy is not like yeah. It's done, man just hold it together. Oh, it's not done it's like not again, [Music] wait! Oh! Let the poor guy off [Laughter], oh my god, why is he celebrating? He got it on the camera. Why is he celebrating in between puking? Oh, that was [ __ ] horrible every time he does this. You know he's about to puke again bro. I think he's good. I think yeah. Sometimes you just got to get it out. You probably he's celebrating because he probably felt a little better. You know man, I had a friend in college. He used to drink way too much and he would puke all the time, but he would puke. He was the loudest puker. I ever knew it was like he was like screaming a full blast. Just like you couldn't believe it literally like that, and we would all just you could hear it like two blocks away. We would all know he was puking and he would puke a lot. There is nothing worse than when you're drinking and you get the spins, and then you just feel nauseous, there's no worse feeling than that. It's awful! You haven't felt that in a while I haven't done it already. What? What is that I puked on an old lady once it's probably my worst memory in my life. Oh really tell me about it. Uh. I was on a ride like that at a carnival, and I was about to puke and I held it. I ran to a a porta potty and I opened it and I didn't see her there and it just kind of no and she kind of like screamed and as I shut it like the screen stopped and I just ran away. Oh my god wait. How old were you? How when did this happen? I was uh like 17. I think. Do you remember still thinking about it? Do you do you think you would recognize her if you saw her. I know I kind of repressed the memory, but I still hear the screen sometimes so just to just to get this straight. You ran in there puked on her and ran away, and she never you confronted you. No, no. I left the carnival. I didn't go back. It was a three-day ball. Dude. Imagine how she feels yeah, I'm going to hell for that. I'm surprised you could hold it that long like if I have to puke I just it's just happening. I was with one of my friends, who's really big and he was like sitting in front of me the way the ride was and he's like. If you puke on me, I'm going to beat your ass and I'm like no, so it's kind of mo yeah, so she got puked on instead yeah to anyone just joining and not being aware of the new edition. This is a b, the new addition to the crew. Oh thank you by the way to our beautiful members who make this episode possible. We love you. We appreciate you, you guys are the greatest and uh I just. I really appreciate so much all the support we've been getting on the membership side. I think we make a. I think we have a really great membership program. Don't you guys look with this thing, zackler like the bachelor? Oh the zackler, oh, no, I'm not ready! For that. Are we ready that will be like the biggest disaster? I have a feeling, yes of all time. I just have a feeling that it's gonna end. We all just know that I think it's gonna end with zach being fired or arrested. I told you that when he was single I said zach just remember this cardinal rule. All of your private messages are public right. Just remember that cardinal rule and you'll be fine. I would never do anything to to put the show in harm's way. Yeah. You say that now you don't expect your dick pics to come out or whatever um. Speaking of our members. Let me read off a couple of these super chats because they've been coming in hot and heavy here, yeah uh we got 50 one uh. I can't focus on anything the dom sub people are saying because I'm so angry about the grown man referring to his feces as surprise chocolate yeah that really upsets yeah. That was really surprise chocolate. It's just a problem. There why'd you bring it back up yeah. We forgot about the surprise, chocolate man uh. Another 50 would love to call in I'm not sure how to get on the discord, but I'm actively sober would love to talk to you guys. You guys have helped me so much love you um love. You too uh, it's uh chat can probably help with that and we've explained it a few times and it takes a minute. So I'm just gonna, you connect your youtube and your discord. It takes some time it pops up, don't try and do it on your mobile app. That's the big thing that is tripping people up. It doesn't work on on iphone for whatever reason, so it on a browser or do it in on a pc. The discord is popping by the way the discord rules, yeah, uh, 20, uh donation uh, is ian bought a pleasure model. Oh that's a good question. Ian aien. Are you a pleasure model you're never going to find out? Why not? I am your master talk about it. Dude talk about a dominant submissive relationship. I own you. So you think I'm gonna [ __ ], the [ __ ]. Out of you, ain't [Laughter], if you don't watch it, I'm gonna gag you and put you in a hole. [Laughter] sounds kinky, oh you're, into it. Yeah I kind of sound into it. I've been known to blow a gasket once in a while, okay, good yeah. I haven't done what I really enjoyed. Oh, what's that something called on a robotic asphyxiation. Is that that's when you choke yourself? You don't even need yeah, but you don't need when you pop out one of my batteries, oh yeah wow that does sound hot. Is that how you pleasure yourself? Aiun? What's your uh? What's your routine to pleasure yourself, shoot me a dm and we'll talk. Zach do not send aim a dick pic. He can't be trusted [Laughter] all right. We got other messages: [ __ ], the [ __ ], robot, uh, yeah um. Let's see a 20 one, I played football in high school as a lineman. I have a big luscious thighs. The solution to your chafing problem. Ethan is compression shorts they're. The only thing I wear now everything that's concerned: oh slick lightweight. What is that? Oh wait? Those are like sports like athletic gear, but you do wear those under your belt, like basically spandex. I can't walk around with that. That's not a solution! No, but it's not fair, because here let me throw it on screen, so people can see what we're looking at. It's totally, not fair, because women get like all this [ __ ], because even really fit women have big fat thighs in their and they rub together, and so women have all these great uh solutions to keeping their thighs from rubbing. So like. Oh, I'm not wearing that. What are you insane? Oh, my god, that would be real, I'm not wearing that what the [ __ ] is wrong with you. No do you understand how obscene? I would look in that. I want to see it. No, you gotta love that everyone in this photo is like got super super athletic. I would get watch. You know what I would look like like this hold on. Let me find this picture off screen. Yeah good idea, you're getting better at this yeah, I'm getting better, I'm learning after years. It's three years in here! This is what I'm this is what I would uh. This is what I would look like. Those are tights skin, color tight. Isn't that the best thing ever? That's me and my compression pants [Laughter] dude. Can you imagine leaving the house in that? That's the best thing of all time. Ever ever ever, you think she's. So do you think she knows that this is what she looks like, or does she just oblivious, oblivious, you think so yeah? I think so. Yes, this is my favorite photo ever high performance shorts that you can wear under your shorts, because that I could see myself. Isn't it at that point, just the underwear, that's like tight yeah, it's just kind of yeah yeah, because the truth is when I get like tight underwear. It just rides up into all my [ __ ], and it's not good, and that doesn't help. Maybe you need kim kardashian and to invent something for you. Oh she did. What was that? That's what maybe it wasn't banks that is so offensively stupid is that out of base business yet skim, because her name is another billionaire, because she has so many followers that I hate that they're called skims, she's the scam yeah, I'm pretty sure, she's killing it. Let me see the scams, but if I look up here, they won't see it all right. Let's, let's see I think, edison ray is advertising um. A lot of people are saying deodorant on the ties. Oh sorry, it's one person I've tried that it's [ __ ] I've tried that trust me. You guys you guys don't understand. I've been through all this [ __ ] sounds weird. I got this whole non-chafing deodorant and I put it on my thighs. It's just disgusting dude. It makes it worse. It's gross! What about vaseline! You ever tried that yeah just bath yeah, it's good lubrication, yeah. I've tried powder. I haven't tried vaseline zach, I'm sorry, but that's [, __ ] insane. Have you tried mail? You should try [Laughter]. What am I doing? I'm just looking at dumb women? Why? Don't we get you a set of these yeah scams yeah, let's give it a shot, you think they come in my size, oh yeah, that's the whole thing! That's for big people, you're, not that big. I mean for women's size, I'm probably like 20 xl, no you're, not as thick as kim I'm, not supporting skims. You can go off brand or something I call them uh. I think skims already sounds off brown powder deodorant I've done it all you guys! Don't you understand, I just need to lose weight. All this [ __ ] like just need to lose weight. Don't you understand we're talking about putting mayo on my thighs silicone-based lotion? Should silicon based lotion, the problem? Is I've got hair there? It's all been like pulled out by the by now with the hair yeah, because from all the friction- oh, my god, dude, it's horrible ride the vaseline, I'm telling you I'm not doing that. Zack I'd rather die than put vaseline on my thighs and walk around all day. Zach. Do your thighs uh rub I used to when I was bigger um and you would vaseline. I went vaseline chaffin cuffs, but that's a female. Well, try it wait chafing. What is it called? Thighs are thighs dude, yeah chafing, what cuffs cuffs cuffs so zach, you you so when you were bigger, because we've seen that you're you're a little bit bigger back in the day yeah you used to vaseline your thighs vaseline and there's also a great product called rosebud. What is a rosebud yeah? This is what women I'm not wearing that. What are you crazy? This is what women wear. Maybe you can make it. I could put my phone lacey look at it. I could put my phone here. Oh well, that's pretty useful. What what? What? What could you be wearing were that where you could do that? No idea! Oh sh! This is the look oh for under a dress, you'd put your phone in there. You just hike up the dress and put it in there like a pocket. It's just confusing! Oh, but I'm curious, I'm actually interested in zack, so you used to put you should put vaseline so like you would go to school like for what occasion? Just like you know it's a hot day out, you walk in rub the thighs together, it's an awful feeling. I mean you know it. It's just the worst feeling ever it's uncomfortable, so there's this product called rosebud, which is also great for swamp ass. If you forget that too no, I don't swamp ass as much what is rose forever. All I see is citizen kane. That's all. I thought it's like it's a bomb. It's rosebud b-a-l-m help for chaff skin beauty in the bag. Wait! Don't! Oh, my god, I'm getting out of here! Wait! Wait! Isn't that the product that you tried so rose bond, the powder thing! That's that one gold bond- oh gold, yeah yeah, so you would have like really. I would imagine that it would like melt and just be juicy all over your thighs yeah. You know, plus that and the you know hot day, ball smell. I mean you gotta love it right. That sounds worse, though, sounds like you made the problem worse. Well, you use pain relief, though it's good pain, relief, you'd, rather be goopy and free. Have you ever had sex well or like pulled down your pants gotten intimate while you had vaseline on your thighs? No, no, no, no! No! Okay! So okay, um this guy donated 20 to say the spandex style shorts for men are amazing for chafing yeah. That's what I was thinking. I should get those wait, isn't that just the compression pants shorts or shorts or whatever like shorts, to go under your shirt? I guess I just thought those were the same thing. Pardon me we're gonna solve your issues. Ethan. Are we solving this right now? What this whole show is about um like something like this. I guess to go under your pants, oh well, here. Let me put it on the screen: spandex style, what you got spandex style shorts for men. Here we go so this is what I'm. This is what I need you should buy some for me, no problem! That's not good enough see this see the thought. The rubbing happens like let's look at. This is what I look like pretty much. The the rubbing happens like right under my balls. It's like way up here. It's like all the way up. Really. I thought it was like lower delay. I have to bunch my underwear like up under my balls, to try to hold my underwear in place to prevent the chafing. No, it doesn't it's not bad here. It's like right, [, __, ]! So go back [Music]. What about that? One on the right yeah this right, something like too long but yeah yeah, oh, my god, what the [ __ ]! You look just like that! Yeah see this wouldn't help me, though, because there's so much space in the crotch this. I don't think this is for bdsm or something. What kind of underwear are you wearing just boxers yeah this that might work, but like people like, oh you're, working out, you look like a [, __ ] idiot because you're this fat guy always wearing exercise. Well, you wear them under, don't you yeah, but they peek out, like that's that? Oh my god, what did I click? [Music]? All right! Can we move past this, I'm doing good, I'm losing weight? Okay, but but I'll be honest like going to disneyland and when we plant stuff like that, I kind of dread it because of the chafing I'm like that's the only time I get it in michigan and ohio. A lot of us call it the cedar point rash, because we only get it like at the amusement park for some reason, some of us so you're skinny. So what? What hope is there for curing this disease if even a skinny guy gets it? That's like an extreme example, though, being at an amusement park all day, it's hot as [ __ ]. You know when I was a kid for like nine ten hours, when I was a young man, I never dreamed that I would have an issue of walking around disneyland being with my [ __ ] thighs rubbing I mean what is going on. I'm tired, I don't feel good today, really yeah. You said you were feeling good. My gerd is good, but my I'm feeling awful huh. Well you. This is day two of no caffeine yeah, no caffeine, yeah that'll I'll make it. I feel like so tired. Lately, I I don't know, I think, there's something I was telling ethan. I think there is something wrong because he's like unreasonably tired, like he can sleep in until 12. and then take a nap at like 7 p.m, and it just doesn't make sense no something's, [ __ ] up. I don't know if it's like the medicine I take, because I take the lexapro. I try taking it at night because they say if you take it at night, if it makes you sleepy, I don't think it's the lexapro, though, because I've been taking that for a long time, and this is like a new issue now, I'm all scared that I've got some horrible because they say like tiredness could be a symptom of. God knows. I should probably just see a doctor. It's probably a good place to start [Music], I'm like my mom I'll, just wait till I'm dead, don't wait till I'm, like literally dead, like maybe I should see a doctor wait. So you haven't had caffeine in two days. Well, he said he had a sodie pop. I did have a diet coke. I mean that's going to have something, but but like no, no coffee. No, no, I mean that's. Probably it okay is like really addictive and if you're getting way less than you're used to I'll make, you feel like [, __ ] for sure, but we're live baby. You gotta, pull it together. Yeah it's right or die right now, all right. What else we got gerd game? Can you uh? I got a 20 donation ethan. Can I get a happy birthday? Name's tyler it'd, totally make my day make make tyler's day right now, tyler kid tyler on the phone tyler. If you're in the discord reach out to get tyler on the phone, I will not have him dm. Oh, my god, everything's falling, get tyler on the phone right, [, __ ]! Now it's his birthday, tyler dm me on discord. I'll put you in there. This show sucks this episode, sucks dick. You know it doesn't uh, let's see what is this. This is the setting of the little zan video. We saw who's driving man cause y'all, don't even look like y'all can walk. Oh no. These people are not shouldn't, be driving yeah wait. How do you have the enough presence of mind to pull over and get gas when you're that [ __ ] up? Wait? Oh, oh god then was fixing my mic. Oh, let me go back. I won't go back. Man cause y'all, don't even look like y'all can walk. What are they on? Oh, my god. I don't. I don't recognize those symptoms, terrifying, hmm seriously. What are they on? I want to say even the homeless dude is like. How are they driving me, but somehow they pulled over to the gas station and they got the thing. Smile for the camera say: hi, say: hi, dude, she's getting so low she's like doing uh, [ __ ] holy [, __ ]. What the [ __ ]! No we're going viral today, boy what that is y'all on that scooby-doo, dude they're, so blasted what happened standing ovation, what the [ __ ] y'all vote for me guys. Oh my god. I've never seen anything like this. All right, hang on ela's mic just keeps falling. Okay hold on a sec, that's opioids for sure. But how did they get there? Then? How did they get there? That's a great question: it could be delayed reaction. Maybe they shot up in the car yeah that too, oh, maybe because, like also, but why does she keep like doing a shop like? Why is she doing that crazy, [, __ ] trying to stand up they're saying it seems like opioids? It definitely is for sure crazy yeah. I just have a roommate that uh yeah. He actually we had to kick him out because he was using but um he used to like fall asleep. While he was eating cereal so like he would fall asleep with and like with the spoon in his hand and he'd be still holding it up. No, you ever fall asleep pumping gas nah, but he fell asleep at work all the time. Oh, can they see this dan hold on? I don't know. Gotta fix this all right, it's on there as tight as I can. Okay, it's working. Thank you uh, okay, so far you bought it. Dude I mean. Have you ever see? I think I've never seen anything like this. Look at her. She can't even look yeah, so man pumping gas gone wrong as hell dude. He woke up [Music]. This is the craziest. I've never seen anything like this. Why there? Why? Now, I'm gonna die in my palm right. I hope someone's called an ambulance. Yeah too. Oh [, __ ]. What's she doing you taking a break well at least they're, not going anywhere right in that car? I don't know that this is the place to take a nap dude, how [ __ ] up. Are they oh [, __ ]? What look at this? What is this I mean opioid, make you do that like she is yeah? Does it I've never seen this yeah? Oh, they never paid, oh my god! No, I'm not kidding. I was thinking to myself like how did they get to through the payment part where you need to put in the zip code and all that and like yeah yeah, I think the only explanation is they shot up in the car. That's the only way to explain what just happened, thoughts. Anyone got theories here, we're taking theories, we're taking bets we're taking propositions. The chat seems to agree. Opioids is the most likely uh explanation. Do we got the birthday guy zach working on it? Okay, I mean he's not even necessarily in the discord, so well happy birthday. Buddy. We love you, okay, wait. What is this there's someone here? That said my boyfriend is three years clean from heroin yeah. So I'm just saying: congrats, okay, congratulations! Yeah! That's great crazy! Yeah! I know! Oh, oh yeah come on dude where's. I have tyler tyler all right pulling them in now. Today with us, we have the legendary tyler, the birthday boy, tyler, tyler, happy birthday, tyler. How old are we today? I am 23 years old awesome just to make you feel even extra special you're sharing your birthday with shredder. That's right! He turned three today. Are you getting laid tonight? Tyler, [Applause] um. I don't know so am I getting late tonight. She said we'll see, we'll see damn cold blood even on your birthday, [ __ ], no she's like that. What's she doing for you is she doing anything special for you, uh yeah. She got me a birthday cake with my name on and some balloons and a card from my dog cute yeah, that is cute um cool, dude man. This is so cool. What are you eating? What are you eating for dinner? Are you going to do some steak? What are we talking about spaghetti? What's your thing, uh we're probably going to go to buffalo, wildlings or carabas. Sorry. What is that buffalo wild e-dubs, yeah dude? I I love mango habanero. I've never heard of buffalo tear me up in the morning: buffalo wild wings, you've never heard of buffalo. That's like a chain yeah, I'm not a buffalo guy yeah! It's a it's like a it's like it's like a sports bar type thing. They have like a bunch of flavor wings, your girlfriend, like uh, hot wings, uh no she's, not into hot stuff. She can't handle that right, but she'll endure you for the day. If you could do one sexual act to her, if you could do one sexual actor for your birthday, what would it be and I'll talk to her and try to convince her [Laughter]? Oh, oh, my gosh. I don't know, go ahead. Just be honest, be honest. I know you fantasize about this. Just be honest, yeah. I have no idea honestly, I'm a very like lame person. [Laughter] all right, well, happy birthday, buddy all right take care enjoy those wings and uh. God bless you all right, happy birthday, dude! Awesome! God bless you too! Thank you! So much you made my day all right. I appreciate you taking it easy tyler, look at that, bringing joy to the people, even when you're happy tyler what a legend all right. Let's watch this. What is this? I worry that I sometimes they say you hear this they go. My only symptom was that I was really tired and then I went into the doctor and I had four days to live. I had stage four cancer um yeah, that's! What's on my mind, zach right yeah, I eat you're sleepy when you didn't have coffee for two days, but it's not just the coffee. How long have I been like this hello yeah? It's been a little while the only thing yeah it's been like this for, like maybe a month or something maybe I've been staying up late though, and but I don't know it's just I've been getting enough sleep. I think. Well, you were just last week talking about how you don't get nearly enough sleep. I thought you're up until like four in the morning, all the time tan, I just don't, know [Music] um, so this guy's clearly totally blasted that guy is totally mother, loving sideswiped, like three cars on the side of the road, oh yeah, I would not drive my car with a door like that because yeah thank you. So this is pretty much uh our information and it's pretty much uh. You know radio call for a four vehicle traffic collision involving three parked vehicles, no injuries to any of you guys report uh, it's gonna be available via your insurance company within one week. Oh he's bounced. Where is he going? Wait? Wait wait. Did he really drive off? This is insane. This guy is definitely drunk in just his videos. Yeah, who edited this the cops are letting him just walk away. They are what what why? Oh he's wait. He's walked off, but why are they letting it? That's that's the point of the video. Why did what does she is this his brother-in-law or what that's, what I'm wondering, and so these cops are under investigation now, because look they're all like yelling, I'm like why the [ __ ], let that guy walk off he's bouncing quick, too he's like see ya. What did the police are not corrupt, come on? It would suggest such a thing. There's no corruption in the police, that's la that's uh! That was in like most police, okay, the birds acting up. I want to talk to more people. What's anyone got any interesting questions, anecdote questions. I want to talk to our beautiful members who I love. Did you know that um there's a thing on only fans where, like um they'll rate, your dick pic, you can pay them to rate your dick? No that's pretty funny. That's funny! Does that what jack tricia does? Oh, she does. How much is it to get her to rate your deck? I don't know, but I saw she posted on it on her story about it. Look it up. I want to know how much it cost all right. I can't wait for you guys to uh find out our tricia surprise. I know you guys all been when are we finding out the tricia surprise? Damn we have it on the calendar uh? Well, it's the 14th yeah, but I mean I don't know I don't treasure surprise. I don't know what day the audience will be getting it. I don't know. Okay, oh I see a good point yeah, but it's coming soon within a couple weeks. Someone easily say that would any of you guys pay for a girl to rate your penis? No, I don't want that. Shame right. I mean I guess if you had like a a kink for being shamed. Well, what? If you had a nice one right? Well, I don't have that problem. So you have that problem. Hey baby and pay you a hundred bucks to tell me about my [ __ ]. I think it's 4.99 500 bucks. Just to get some money back in your car, five bucks- oh my god, was she just looking at penises all day she's like good, I mean that's a lot. I mean how long does it take to to rate, though you know she could probably how many [ __ ]? Could she go through in an hour a lot of times? A lot? That's really cool. Do you think anyone ever asks for a refund like if they're not happy with the results I'd like to dispute your uh rating? Can we get them? Can? Is there anyone in the chat who has paid someone to rate their [ __ ], I'd like to talk to that question. Yeah I'd, definitely like to knock you down, but kate just found out she's having another baby boy: kate, congratulations, okay, okay, okay, another pretty excellent, intoxicated driver! Let's go! I got a segment I put together. This was the one, oh, what the [ __ ] here! So there's, there's a okay! You guys, subway creatures. Have you heard of this? It's basically a phenomenon, as you know, if you've lived in chicago or new york or any any really in europe place with subway uh mass communication, mass transportation, there's a lot of crazy goons that that get up in the middle of the night, on the subway and sometimes in the broad daylight. So there's the phenom. I I'm interrupt. I have the details on how much tricia charges someone in the okay, so dick rating one to ten is fifteen dollars and a dick rating report is thirty dollars. Oh a report. Wait like me, you get like several people say good write up. Okay, I I guess, like a whole [ __ ] college essay, yeah wow, that's pretty exciting! Well, the thing is a lot of guys, obviously like sending dick pics, like that's the whole phenomenon of sending the dick pic. So you get to do it in a way and you get the you get the feedback too, which is kind of cool. I guess that's such an interesting. I never would have thought that someone would want to do that yeah. I just I notice it like I. It's pretty popular I've. Seen whenever, like I'm on the I, I don't know how to describe how I know that in a way that makes sense, it's just one of those things. You know yeah, you know yeah uh, okay, subway creatures. Here we go shutter chill subway creature number one, lady, oh, what the [ __ ], what cutting her toenails on the subway that is [ __ ] s that is twisted bro vin diesel likes it not surprised. Why would you do that? Wait? Do you want it during a pandemic and by the way, somebody's just sitting across straight up, filming her ew yeah? How does she not notice the dude? He doesn't care pure [ __ ] shock just like what am I witnessing is this? Just? Is this just a time saving thing I mean sometimes the nails get long and it's bugging you you got to take care of it. I mean well she's wearing open toes so she's like I got to take care of this. You know. Wait it's on her! Oh no! Wait! You guys it's on her keychain, so this is something she does regularly whoa it's on her key chain. Nice detail yeah that you noticed there you ever sniff your toenail feet. No, it stinks what really because my feet yeah something my feet are in really good health and don't stink or anything, but sometimes you have a 5.5 on wiki feet, yeah. Hopefully that doesn't go down from that admission. But someone talk about feet right. Well, we are dan calm down, don't get out of yourself um. This is horrific, but you think she leaves the nail or picks it up. Oh she's living that she's leaving it look at that she's. Not would you say something? If you saw that oh got it. Would you say something I probably no too crazy? I think I might I'm very confrontational adverse, but I think I might ask her what the [ __ ] is wrong with you. You would, I think I might if it was a big dude. I wouldn't I wouldn't say [ __ ], that's funny, I'm just being honest because I don't get my ass beat and I'm a [ __ ]. I feel like I'm I'm a person that would say something, but in this case I probably wouldn't. Why not she's, like I don't know if I should like turn, that toenail clip and like shove it in my ass in my how much do they pay for that on all my fans? Okay, this is a animal uh. Okay. Why are we watching wait? What? What was that? I don't know, but I'm scared, oh no, what? Oh, my god, that poor mouse? What was that? What was that wait? He's back right? It's a big white mouse! Oh! Was he just fast? Maybe he was just fast and it looked like he got yanked? Oh my god. That's so creepy yeah! Oh, that scared me! I don't know what to make of that. But it is a subway creature. I will hand them that this one is pretty excellent. This was left on a subway, a dildo with nails in it. I believe that was um, hellraisers, uh penis, oh wow, it's a whole instagram page yeah. I see the character's name is pinhead pinhead, apologies to pinhead. You know that's what his [ __ ] looks like probably yeah. Are they cenobites or something? I haven't seen that movie in a long time, cinebite cinebite yeah, something like that: cinnabon cinnabon, cinnabon uh. Here we go whatever this is I hate this [ __ ] bro, I [ __ ] hate this [ __ ], the subway can be so annoying. Sometimes nobody wants this right. Another christmas. Look at this exactly. Do they really think they're helping anyone like you, I guess you're having fun. You really think you're cheering anybody up. Doesn't it seem so crazy to watch this now like during the pandemic, how everyone is so yeah in each other's face and that's normal, usually yeah totally. I feel like I'm whenever I watch old stuff- and I see people like sports or speaking or just just tons of people on mask it's just. I can't even imagine it's so far gone now and I don't know when it's gonna go back to normal, but I'll tell you what I was watching the news and they are forecasting we're going back up again in the united states, because I feel like people just gave up and there's this whole there's all this propaganda that the vaccine is going to be out by the end of the year. It's not there's no way, and so people are just like [ __ ], we'll just wait for the vaccine. You know right and it's estimated that by the time january comes around at this current rate, 3 000 americans will be dying every day and we'll be up to at least four hundred thousand deaths wow by january by the new year. Fun fun we're. I know she called it. Huh cardi, b, whoa zoom, really does not like that. Yeah that drop zach. She just she gets too wild and it always cuts it off. I can't wait for a new office man, I'm sick of being in my [ __ ] basement I'm sick of it. I want to go. Do [ __ ] poor theodore? He can't go anywhere. He can't socialize he's such a young, vibrant man. He wants to go out and see the world and now he's old enough to appreciate it. We're stuck at the f, I'm psyched up sick being in this [ __ ] basement he could be seeing tractors, he could be you're gonna, be seeing all kinds of tractors. I wanna go to our new studio. Already I hate doing it here in the basement, like we were to build this huge cool set, and I want all the guys in the room together. It feels really weird I mean with teddy fresh. It feels really weird because we've hired people throughout this and um there's all kinds of new people that almost don't get to see the other people. You know. So it's like there's all these, like ghost um relationships and everyone just wants to go back to normal, but we're not doing it. Well, I'm being safe. I don't know about everyone else. I mean we've. We have friends that are being made um they're being demanded to go back to work as usual. Oh my god. So I'm not going to say who yeah but an acquaintance of ours. Their work said you have to come back to the office, but then everybody there's not wearing a mask yeah and that's crazy to me. I think that's got to be some kind of liability issue. That's just [ __ ] insane well they're trying to pass. I don't know what the status of this was, but I know uh. They were trying to pass some bill to exempt all businesses from liability for coronavirus, super cool yeah but like that's, not been passed and they're already telling them right right, forced you to come to work and they're, not making people wear, masks, yeah, not a great idea. What the [ __ ] [Music] is that a subway creature- it's I don't like it. Spider-Man loses his powers on the subway. Hmm, now we're cooking whoa what the [ __ ]. So here someone is saying my work does not work! Wait! What what's going on here! Um my work does not wear masks because we are a private company like what does that mean? It doesn't matter yeah but like don't they care about? You not lying. Is she saying that that's a good thing or a bad? No, not a good thing. It doesn't matter they I mean, but, like our country is so [ __ ] does anyone feel like I I I our country is so [ __ ]? Does anyone feel that yeah this uh person is saying I'm from vegas and we just had the first case of someone catching kova the second time our cases shot up immediately when they opened all the casinos back up last month yeah. I couldn't believe that footage of, like the casinos just being open, like nothing, is happening like it's just back to normal and it's packed yeah and the colleges and schools are starting to open. So that's why you're, seeing all the all the upshooting right now, but I love it. You know it's just insane that a lot of people are saying we don't wear a mask at our office. Why? Why don't you wear a mask? This person is saying our floor. Our building has a capacity of 10 per floor and with social distance, and you go what kind of building you're going to choose by choice? You're not pressured, but I don't know I mean we when we meet at teddy fresh. We try to keep it to like the essential people that have to be there during that moment, and even if it's like five or once, we all wear a mask yeah. Of course, I don't think it's worth risking it. You know they're still studying covet like there's all these lingering effects that there's now like you do not want this [ __ ]. Trust me. Even if you recover they're, still understanding the virus like that it can leave permanent harm on your lungs and blood vessels and [ __ ]. It's not good. All right enough! Kobe talk yep! You want to take another. Yes look at this. By the way this someone made a viral tweet about kim, that's so [ __, ], great uh. I had nothing to do with this keemstar. You might think that there's a conspiracy badly paid for this tweet. This is just some small account. He just he said keemstar looks like he buys 16 year olds alcohol if they promise to hang out with him, which is so true and by the way perfect, because all of his friends are 20 years younger than me. So it's probably true look at the likes. Yeah 170 000 likes awesome. I saw that because somebody I followed liked that tweet and I sent it to you guys last night and it was at like 500 likes or something yeah, and then I woke up this morning. 160 000 yeah. I didn't retweet it. I'm surprised! I don't know it's just on its own. I didn't retweet it. I didn't do anything about it and then he tried to play it off like he's savvy to the joke, but he got ratioed into the [ __ ] grave bro. I love that all the comments are like it doesn't just look like it yeah. No, all that's right! All of his friends are literally like 20 years younger than him. It's wild bad guy. I know that. I agree, I think you're a piece I think you're a bad dude. I really do, but I'm the number one supporter of cancer culture yeah most people don't realize that. But it's true, I mean that's kind of what you do on dramaalert all day. I don't pretend to be a good person. Okay right, well, good right, I'm not a democrat! I don't care, I'm not trying to get political here. [Laughter] all right come on forget about it! Huh hey forget about it. Okay, let's get some calls. What do you got for me? Um? I have pedro who has an interesting story about his sexual encounter pedro his genitalia, so I'm gonna bring him in right now: okay, oh [, __ ] me wait. Is this the guy who oh pedro, good? Okay pedro? Are you with us hey? What's up how long can uh? As I understand it, you have your stream on in the back yeah yeah. You gotta meet this stream. Oh yeah, I've already! Muted, it don't worry. Okay pedro, as I understand it: okay I'll lower the volume a little bit because it's my headphones. Sorry yeah! It's just it's just looping pedro calvo! Where are you from pedro? What's up uh? It's so nice to be here, I'm from portugal, so pedro as I understand it, you once had sex and your penis snapped is that right, yeah. It was really really weird so uh. Basically, I was meeting this guy and you know I was like uh. You know I was having sex with him and I, like someone, told me about this position that is called bumper cars [Laughter]. It's like it's like one's laying down and the other one's laying on top, but facing the other side. Ah, what okay? Okay, one really weird like one is laying down, and so like one is yeah I mean you know, isn't it just a 69 but you're not facing each other yeah, but yeah yeah, it's a bit different! Well, I need to understand what we're dealing with here. Can you, google, bumper car, you're you're, a gay man, yeah right, yeah, exactly so bumper car game, yeah search position because you don't want anything like? Obviously I'm not going to get curious for my own yeah, oh okay, so what we're seeing here? Can you open this? What is it called bumper cars? Okay? So let me describe what I'm saying so one person is face down and then the other person is facing away from him with the dick in the butt yeah yeah. Exactly so you were on top. I thought that was a good idea yeah. So it's like the it's butt to butt, they're butt to butt yeah, but one of them has the dick and the ass. It seems like yeah that would put a lot of strain on the penis yeah yeah it does it well not only put strain it broke it, oh, my god, so yeah I mean how did that pakistan? You heard a snap yeah. Were you going at it? Were you going at it for a while, or was it a few thrusts and then because you probably had to hit it pretty hard to snap it right, yeah cause like well, my penis cannot go that down it's you know it does not. It just does not go into that position, so it I don't know why. I thought this was a good idea, but basically I felt like a chill. I felt like a chill on my penis like very cold suddenly, and I heard like something like snap, but you know it was not like you know it wasn't like a big deal or anything. It was just uh. I was like okay, let's carry on, I don't know what happened. You know you don't want to interrupt. You were able to carry on yeah. I made it to the end you. What does it look like afterwards? Like? Can you tell well, the camera was like rosy, it was weird like. I was like what what's happening. So you know- and this is the worst part actually that I had like an urge to pee- and you know I so I went and and basically yeah it was uh. How can I describe this? It was like I was having a period. It was really bad. It was just horrible. There were like clothes and clothes and cloths of blood. It was like super thick yeah. It was like big blood clots yeah. I was [ __ ] narcissistic. So did you go to the doctor? What did you do yeah? What did you do? Yeah? I took I took an uber to the to the hospital and actually I had to lie to the uber driver. I told like: oh you know, I'm just you know. I have like uh just on my paper or something and so well did you did you wrap your penis or something on the way? Or did you just hop in immediately and rush to the hospital yeah? I just hopped immediately, because my first thought was that it was spreading through my butt. I I had this thought of like it was like. Oh [, __ ], it's spreading through my body and I'm gonna die, and this is how I'm gonna go so and so, when you went to that okay, so when you go when you, when you go to the doctor uh, you go to urgent care, so you show him your penis, I'm assuming it and then what was his response yeah well, he was like. Is it that bad and he asked me to pee in a bottle and I went and peed in a bottle and I showed to him and he was like holy [ __ ] [ __ ], because he was like blood red. It was like super super red wow. Are you in pain? At this point yeah? You know it sounds like it would be, super painful it it. It was painful, it was painful, but finished you finished dude yeah. I can't believe that yeah, but you know there's like a second part to this story. So basically they put me in a surgery room- and I'm like this is this- is my biggest nightmare- is having a surgery on my penis. It's like it's the worst, the worst thing ever like and um, and so like I went there and they started to put put me on a uh catheter, basically my nightmare, and how do you fit a catheter up or broken? That was my worst. That was my worst experience of being pregnant and the deliveries yeah yeah, it's just. I have like a nightmare of that and then I didn't even know they were going to do that, and it was just so you go to the emergency room, they do the catheter. What are they doing on your penis? What is the procedure to fix it? Well, they basically put a tube through your penis and then they inflate a balloon in your bladder and it's it's it's horrible. It's it's worse than it sounds even like it's very, very uncomfortable. It sounds pretty bad, and so the funny part is that there was like. I think there was like some nurse that was like you know. There was like a newcomer there or something and she was like you know you have like, like all these uh thing and you have the pee bag. So then I don't know what she was doing, but she accidentally opened the bee bag. Basically, the whole floor was full of pee and like traces of blood, and she, like her leg, was hit with it and she was like oh [, __ ]. I I was just like what what the [ __ ] is happening. I just wanted to have sex like was that with your partner or like someone uh kind of just like you know it's like a casual flavor. It was not anything serious, so you didn't even have like someone close to you to be with you during this. Oh, no, oh actually I had yeah. I had to lie to everyone. I had to say you know I got a bad infection or something you know. You never told him what happened? Well, yeah, not my friends, but I told the doctor okay well, obviously so so they put the balloon in your bladder. They blow it up. They're. You got a tube in your penis. So, what's the healing process like so then yeah, then I had like the the bag inside my pants and I was like in the hospital on the waiting room and he told me just wait up here a little bit and we'll get back to you and see if see if it gets better, really you're, just waiting it out in the hospital yeah, but it was horrible because, like I, I eventually I don't know what what went on my brain, but I thought that because the bag was in my pants, the p was coming up to the bladder. I don't. I know this makes sense, there's a valve and everything, but that's what crossed my mind and I took it out and I was basically walking the bag in the hospital like going in circles like an idiot and and everyone's just staring at me like what the [ __ ]. Is this guy doing and um it? So how long were you at the hospital? I mean? How did it end? Um yeah? I was just like two hours there waiting and they they gave me some meds to take and they told uh. Let's see how, let's see if you get better, if you don't get better come back and I was like cool at that point, I was not. You know. I don't think there was much blood going on at the moment, but being was super painful. I hate it being for two weeks it healed on its own, though yeah it healed on its own and luckily nothing too bad happened. Is your penis back to fully functioning yeah, I'm still shaking it and is there? You know I've heard that there's a curve in the penis after you break. It did anything like that happen uh. Luckily it didn't happen. Wow. I was uh very thankful there and and didn't get to that point. The next time you used it. It was all good, nothing. Nothing happened and you're fully good you're, all good yeah. Well, actually, they told me, you know, I couldn't have sex for a couple of weeks and uh yeah, but I still like the first time that I had sex ever that after that, like I still had a trace of blood, I gotta be and it still hurt a little bit, but you know I I had two so no more bumper cars right, yeah, no, but no more! No more bumper cars. I said [ __, ], bumper cars. I mean if your dick can do that good for you, but I wouldn't risk it. I wouldn't even want to know, don't even find out right, yeah yeah. So tell me that's so safe. Are you usually on the top? As a gay man um, I would say so. Yeah yeah, but you'll go bottom. Sometimes if, if it's for the right partner or what's your policy on that, I don't know- I don't know, I'm gonna be very honest. It feels kind of like uh. If I can say it, it feels like [ __ ] backwards, and I don't like it. Oh okay. I just find it interesting that in the gay community there's like tops and bottoms, but I know like oh yeah, I'm aware of that. Sometimes, if someone is like super good, looking I'm like yeah yeah, let's go for it, you know yeah yeah yeah, you know it's. Probably it's good to be a top, though is it is it that the the bottoms are more feminine? Is that like maybe a thing or or no it's just a preference nope? Actually, that's that's sort of a myth, because, like uh, of course, I mean, of course you have. But you know overall, you have all sort of things. It's not like um, I would say most go both ways you know like 60. I would like 70 60 percent. I would say yeah. Well, I'm very glad your penis made it through this uh ordeal. Thank you for sharing, no more bumper cars. You guys everybody watching! No bumper cars right [Applause]! I don't I don't. I don't like it holy [, __, ]. Well, wow that was yeah. That was champion dude, you finished bro, that's got to be. You got to be proud of the fact that you finished that's pretty incredible: yeah yeah. I never put it that way, but that's a nice way to see it. I mean you are first time you're like telling the story to someone um. I talked to a couple of friends, but obviously I didn't tell to my parents or anything I don't even know I, like I'm afraid of looking at the chat. Even you know it's like you, don't look at your penis. You did no! No! No I'm saying looking at the message. Oh at the chat now come on yeah a lot of sympathy. Yeah, it's all love! I mean I look at it. I look at it. You know you know I I want there's a position that I see in porn a lot and one time a girl tried it and I felt like my dick was gonna break. Really it's the reverse! Cowgirl! Oh, when I'm on my back and the girl is on top facing away okay, yeah and it's it's just it feels horrible. That's that's the one that's notorious for for doing exactly so I don't get how like I don't understand that position. I mean it just feels weird. Sometimes they'll be watching a porn and they're doing that, and you could tell his [ __ ] is about this and it's just you can't there's just it's more. Oh, my god. It doesn't work yeah right like I, I actually tried it like uh like this year. I tried it that one and I was like no, no, not but cars, again. Nothing! Fancy! Because your dick is now I mean I think it's been compromised structurally, so be careful with that yeah I mean I I I hope it's fine. I mean. Maybe I don't know. Maybe I didn't notice anything, but I think overall, it's fine yeah all right. Take care pedro, take care of that uh yeah all right! Thank you! So much you got it bless. You! God bless! You! I've heard stories of that where the [ __ ], when it breaks it, can heal crooked wow like super crooked yeah, it sounds like he uh. Well, I don't want to say lucky he's not lucky, but he's a young man he's got a strong cop, he's 25. he's bouncing back jesus, what the [ __ ] that was hard to listen to yeah. I think the fact that he finished made it a lot worse. You know what I mean yeah, because that should be like. Oh I'm done right. Oh my god. Somebody just put something in discord. I have to send to you guys oh yeah yeah, oh hold on I'm putting in uh wait. How do I find it? I'm just putting in our private discord right now, member squad, I'm clicking it, but I'm not seeing it oh here it is yeah it's in our it's in our own server, okay, what the [ __ ] this looks like so horrible. It looks like it's not safe for work life, but it is not. There's no nudity! That's literally fits perfectly uh. You unicorn, uterus, uh posted this. I don't know if they that's what I look like anyone got any. I want some like recommendations on stuff to watch things to talk about. Let's go! Let's get that chat involved in the show, someone gave a hundred dollars. What did they say? I see that uh. Let me uh take a look there. There's no comment. There's no message! Well! Thank you, sir. For retiring santana uh just dropped a hundred buckaroonies keemstar is oh. You guys see this speaking of keemstar just because I have nothing better to talk about right now. You guys see this. So when you go to court, you have to prove that this didn't happen. We did show it. What did he say? Zach uh yeah. This was where he said he was going to take theodore's college funding yeah. So he he once again. Oh where's, that meme he tweeted about theodore. It's not real, quick. Sorry, sorry to interrupt uh that person that made the photo was cam grants actually that guy's on another level and always coming out of the gate. So strong um someone mentioned lovecraft country, oh love, it everyone should watch. It looks so good country is the best mother, loving shoe. When are we coming to israel as soon as kova is over guys, I'm not ready to go, but I got nothing left. So what do we got? Oh, I know I have to do stuff. I skipped down. It was like all kinds of stuff: yeah r kelly- oh my god, dan just make sure I can watch videos before you. Maybe maybe I'll just hold it well, you should take it off the thing though um. Can they see this dan uh yeah, okay, girl? No, she was checking me out totally yeah. She totally was she swearing. You're smiling too you're washing your dick to random strangers. You [ __ ] crazy, trying to get [ __ ] laid. What's he doing yeah because you're, like no he's laying you I can't talk. This is in a mcdonald's parking lot, bro straight up in a mcdonald's parking lot. What happened apparently he's showing his dick to girls, but it's happened, but it's all going down in a mcdonald's parking lot. Yeah, because you're talking about no he's laying you working we're [, __, ], you're gross, you [, __, ], creep, bro, we're [, __ ]! You oh they're, at subway, [, __ ], what's [Music], why would you show your dick and then like confront them like what yeah I'm just trying to [ __ ] [, __ ], you, you damn sick, you're, a [, __, ] you're, a country we're [, __, ], you're gross he's, got some groceries, hell yeah, there's! Well! That was weird. It's a weird vid! Wear it out! Weirdo [Music]! Oh, this sounds fantastic. This one is a to wait for dan. I think it's on the screen. Okay, yeah cool. So this one is, oh, my god, our whole studio's falling apart, [Laughter] um dude. I'm not sure about these. These things because yeah I know, but like the structure, is always falling off like the old ones. Yeah. Well like this is a solution. It's good now it will not happen. Okay. So this the security guard is apparently sniffing. Girl's, ass, zach thoughts at a private gym. This is [ __ ], awesome zach is like gonna watch the problem. It's not gonna fall wow, oh she's, so she's lifting, oh yeah. Oh, my god, that's the best ever totally the best thing of all time. This girl's doing squats and the security guard just goes and sniffs her ass, bro whoa. That's the best thing ever you know. What's funny I mean you sniff, you pretty much admitted to doing this right, but somehow, when it's a sweet, cute girl, it's not oh it's fun when it's some creepy old security guard stiff and ass in the gym. Oh [, __ ] that guy wait. She said she did it without people's permission. Of course, she said that dan weren't you listening. She was sniffing people in the gym or on the subway. She was sniffing, armpits yeah, not not ass, though that's pretty weird. I don't think she. I think she would sniff ass. We can get her on if you want to get her on yeah dan she's sniffing yeah. Let's get her on. She was sniffing people. Let's watch this video with her, shall we zach was just waiting for them. I got her on right now hold on this. Is my favorite video on the internet, they're just laughing dirty, [, __ ] way, bro. It gets better because now he's about to like he's going back- oh my god, third time dude. That is just insane. Do you understand if she turned around like? Is it really worth a sniff to for that level of humiliation, [Music] [Laughter]? He goes back for the third one, oh, no! What really? What it's really staying there whoa? That was like a really long, deep sniff. How could you not said? Maybe he was going for chocolate right, no yo? How does she not? I feel, like she's, probably becoming aware of this she's bringing her on now for the last one. There's a four! Oh, my god! This is the final. Fourth is the fourth time he comes in wow. What oh [, __ ]! I got sniff on the phone all right sniff! Did you watch that video sniff? Did you? Were you able to watch that the video the guy yeah sniffing ass at the gym? Did you see it sniffing ass? Yeah did yeah. Did you see the video yeah? So what did you think? Is that something you would partake in? I don't I don't sniff people like that, be honest with me, though. What's the most, you put yourself out there on a limb because you did admit to sniffing people in the gym without permission. I said that in the gym wardrobe I would go by and oh that could get a whiff. You know right at the you. Could you go to the gym a lot. Do you ever cozy up to people on the equipment, though, and just kind of get like unusually close um? No, not really, but I definitely like if someone walked by me, I might like sneaker sniffing you ever sniff a seat. Oh interesting. I have yeah she's down there doing weird so yeah tell me: would you sniff a seat based on how attractive they are or how stinky they look um? I think I would go by how stinky they look. So do you think you would sleep with a guy that you're not necessarily attracted to, but that he looks like he has a good stink? I don't think I'd be sleeping with any guy that I didn't like her so so level of sting at first. I don't think I would just sniff a guy right, but well, I guess the level of stink isn't necessarily correlated to sexual attraction. Well little, but it's not like um, it's not like it. The only thing that matters is those things you know. How often do you smell seeds? What was the situation where you smelled the seed? Well, I smelled like a gym equipment. I guess oh yeah like um. Often people have to like wipe off their gym equipment, and then you know the thing is because you're like this little cute girl, you could probably get away with a lot of sniffing that someone like this. Couldn't you know [Laughter]. I guess so, but I think I'd be too afraid to do like a daring sniff like he did, because I don't want to be confronted, but you could, but you fantasize about it. Uh. No, not like I wouldn't like do anything super creepy like that. No I went in so you and zach have strucken up a little bit of a relationship. Is that right? What you and zach you and zach have been talking is that right, yeah we've been talking a little bit and you've been posting on your stories about how you want zach and all this stuff. Well, I was just trying to do like a little friendly joke. Okay, so you're not really interested in zack. Well, I like zach, but I don't know zack personally yet we'll get to know each other [Laughter]. It's calmed down, zach, [Laughter], well, zack's. Certainly interested did this story about him eating a sweaty ass, while hiking turn you on um. Yes, this is getting a little too hot and hurry hurry. Okay, I guess that's but like yeah, but it did right. I mean I just want. I won't probe any further, but that sounds like a yes um. You just admitted to sniffing a seat in the gym. I mean. Why are we embarrassed now because now it's about people who are in the call ethan, let's hold back, hang up all right, I'll, mute myself. I'm shy! Okay! Okay! I understand, but that's but yes, in short, it sounds like. Why did you say no yeah? She didn't say: well, zach screamed yet does he know something that I don't all right? Well, I hope you helped well. You know what I'm not. What do you guys do? Is your business all right, [Laughter], all right! Thank you, sniff. Thank you. Thank you for the comment. Thank you for the contribution and uh zach zach's, going to keep like telling gross stories just to try to turn around zach. Is there any other gross stories you want to share that might turn on sniff um, I've gotten my wings before say what you know. If you know what that means, no, your wings wing yeah, it's called getting your wings. What does that mean going down on a girl when they're on their period? Why does that mean getting your wings? It's like an old like saying it's like getting your wings like a pilot getting their uh. I feel like it's like losing your weight. Yeah an angel definitely loses its wings. When you do that, yeah, I think going to hell bro so sniff. How do you feel about that story? I didn't really hear him. He says he he he says he went down on a girl while she was on her period. Oh yeah, you got to do that. That's king stuff! You got to do that. Well, I'm not doing that. I'm not [ __ ]. Doing that what I feel like. That's a widely held known that you don't go down on a girl when she's on her period, but do you oh you got to do that all right, you guys are good for each other. So zach. Let me ask you this. When you went down on her, did you know she was on her period or did you find out through happenstance uh? I mean you'll do anything when you're horny, so yeah I knew maybe you will actually. I want to tell you guys a really embarrassing story. I once did this on, not knowing I guess she was on her period and didn't tell me- and I was like it's very like coppery and just not right down here and she's, like I think, I'm on my period and I was like that happened once- and I've never had sex since [Laughter] all right, uh. Anything else zach can we all just say how much we hate being on our period totally yeah. Thank you guys. I have to I have period sympathy for you. I do I hate it. You guys want to watch this uh. Let's see, are we saying goodbye to sniff? Yes, thank you steph. Thank you. So much take care all right. Thank you. Sniff smelly, later smell you later so zach. Why so zach? Okay, so you screamed yes and she was embarra. Why did did she tell you privately that she was turned on by that? Is that one? No? She posted on her instagram story. I have screenshots, oh, what does it say show me I want to show. I want to show that everyone I gotta drop it into this girl yeah, I'm pulling it up. You like going down on a girl who's on a pier, that's [, __ ], disgusting dude. I mean I've done it before. I don't think it's about like it's about just a willingness to you. Gotta do what you gotta. Do man dude zach's, a vampire [, __, ] yeah? I am the hair, makes sense now appreciate you, I think zack's playing it up just to try to get at sniff. No. This is a. This is a true story. Man, so are you some uh faustino vargas donated 50 said. I thought this was a rip-off of your mom's house after dark this is way more dark. Oh there you go uh the same guy, also down at 20 and just said: zach attack and another 20 g's wow, this guy's all zach team, jack yeah. Oh man uh. He had to check out for work for like an hour and walked into this and can't say that he hates it well. Welcome we're glad to have you a hundred dollar donation from beavis. I want to call on the next episode I've been watching since high school, I'm 21 now and uh and unrelated, didn't zach have a picture of david gomorr in one of his recent episodes. Yeah, probably that sounds like yes, I did yes, thank you very much for the donation. God bless and thank you to all of our members who I love and appreciate the members we love you. So this is spider-man uh man. This is at a kid's party and and uh well the party's just getting started. Oh my god started over spider-man's at a kid's party. You've seen a lot there's almost like a genre of spider-man getting knocked out. Oh my god. I think he got knocked unconscious. It's awesome this guy's, like dude, did he die at my kid's party yeah. He wasn't even close yeah. It looked like that was his first time trying. That's not cool he's like I am spider-man [Laughter], the poor, kids yeah. I know okay. Well, what do we got? I mean I think, dude eating a hornet nest is still there ain't's here, yeah he's he's always online. Hey I in come online powering on ian. What do you know? I love all these kinky stories really brings me back. Brings you back to what the 90s the 90s you got. You got down in the 90s. That was like your uh. When you were on top of your game. Yeah, it was a few software updates ago. Things were more free than hey uh ain. What did you think about keemstar saying he was gonna? Take our kids college fun I mean. Am I supposed to be against this? No I'm just curious what your opinion I mean I feel like he has a fair ownership over some of that money over theodore's college fund yeah. Why keemstar? Why would you say that I mean we've made a good amount of videos on him? It's a little give and take that's a good point. I guess never thought about it that way! Well, then, by so, do you think that I should own some of keemstar's revenue? Let's not get ahead of ourselves, here's what here's, what she posted! She posted uh! Someone asked her: do you think the perfect guy out there who is the perfect guy, and why is his name zach and she said you know what can I just read something like properly so it makes sense. Do you think the perfect guy is out there and why is his name zach? Yes and yes, she said but zack. You never said that it turned. She never said that it turned her on. So why did you scream? Yes? So emphatically I don't know, I don't know, is there something you're not telling me? No, I I will. I will screenshot our dms and show you. I is [ __ ] kosher and nothing is wrong. Would you send her a picture of your of your [ __ ]? If she asked no, I would not do that. I don't believe you I'll let her smell it, but that's about it. I wonder if I would let a girl smell my [ __ ] she's, like I just want to smell it. Probably I guess I would why not you know it's like okay [Laughter]! Oh you know what there's this whole set of videos, another one that I've been wanting to watch um eat. So, first of all, a lot of people haven't seen. I have never seen this now. Apparently this is a really popular name this morning, but but this is phenomenal. Um there's just like a whole bunch of african. I think in africa they're just like really cons, they're, really, conservative or not all, but there's a lot of conservative there's a lot of muslims in africa too, but a lot of conservative christians over there that just don't understand homosexuality just because as people aren't open there and it's not accepted in a lot of cultures. So like this guy's interviewing a trans person- and he just he's not trying to be rude, he just doesn't understand what does what does it mean to be gay? This looks old too little. You said you've never seen this. I never saw it. This was like a huge meme yeah. I see it at 17 million views, though I'm a [, __, ], boomer, ass [ __ ] does, I guess, is everyone in the chat seeing this and I'm just boomer town, I'm gonna. Imagine a lot have, but I mean I'm sure some people haven't anyway. It's great everybody. I've got a whole uh category of of uh africans who are confused by the concept of being gay rights activists. Mister, should I call you mister pepe, julian, on zimmer. Thank you he's trying to be respectful. That's what's so funny about it. Why are you gay? That's the best down drop ever you have that zach tell me about that. Cute, oh yeah, yeah! A lot of people have seen it and are saying it's a classic. Why are you gay on this? I ended up scaring myself to you. Why am I hearing it? Uh you're, getting ready, can't scoot, I'm on wheels and ela can't move me yeah. What's your gravitational pull? What are you gay? I gotta go back. Sorry guys. I think, there's like two people that haven't stopped me julian. Thank you for coming in. Thank you good morning morning. Why are you gay? You are a transgender and you're a gay rights activist and an outspoken um uh uh lesbian. How can I describe you he's trying to be respectful of poor, guys, you're, a gay rights activist? Why should someone be gay sure you're having a girlfriend? Yes, do you perform the natural obligations? That's the best way. I've ever heard sex describe by the way the natural obligation. It's awesome, I'm not sexually active right now, so I've just not have chosen not to engage. Doesn't that make you gay? Why what? What do you mean? Doesn't that make me gay? I am. I am male and attracted to a female. So who is gay? Who is gay? I just said he's, so it's so sweet because he's he's trying so hard to understand it, and it's just so far out of his grasp. Doesn't that make you gay so who is gay? I love it. Why are you gay? I mean look. It is confusing if you have no concept of transgender and like there's this whole concept of like gender, fluid fluidity. You know I like I was like. Why should someone be gay yeah like it's a pitch? Well, the gay community has great benefits. What then well, I just wonder: yeah it was his perception of uh gay activists meant they were like promoting like trying to turn people gay like proselytizing yeah. He just understood everything everything about it. I watched the whole hour and ten minute interview and it was just so it just kept getting more bizarre, but the whole time that guy's just confused. He like never gets to resolution poor guy he's still confused to this day, he's still trying to figure it out. Well, here's a guy who's, not confused, and again many of you probably have already seen this, but I like the whole thing. My name is of just africans confused about homosexuality um, you guys all know him eat by the way. I'm saying africans confused about gay people. I'm not! I don't know how to say that in a way that doesn't sound like weird but like that's what it is right, oh is that does that seem like a fair distinction? I just want to do it. I think you explained it at the top of yeah yeah. These are people from cultures that are not progressive. They don't necessarily have acceptance of homosexuality want to make that very clear instance of that first, video yeah. He seemed confused very, very, very, very, very clear that that we are not stereotyping, there's a huge diversity of people that come from africa by the way of all different kinds of religions. Right right, that's right! Huge [, __ ] disclaimers on this one boy good morning. Everyone, my name, is uh. This guy knows what it is to be gay. Are we in the capacity as the chairman of the national task force in uganda? We are making legislation to make sure that sodomy and homosexuality never sees the light of legality in this land of the palo of africa. I've taken time to do a little research to know what homosexuals do in their privacy of their bedroom. One of the things he just said what they do in the privacy of their bedroom yeah. I can't get over the fact that it's like okay, you just said it yourself- they're, not [, __, ], doing anything yeah, it's called eno leaking dude. He goes. I did a little research, that's a lot of research and no leaking to get to the point where you found anal leaking. What is anal leaking? That's whatever that is licking! Oh, oh, I thought he said leak right here, whoa that sounds kinky. That seems fine. That doesn't seem that devious and then what happens even comes out yeah that I don't know where you found that and then they eat their poo poo. I love you, dogs, [Laughter]. What are you writing? What is he writing? Not good? We don't eat the pupu they do. Is they have a sex practice called fisting when they insert their hand into the other? Well, I will say I've seen an israel [Laughter]. I will say I've seen enough porn to know that heterosexuals uh partake in that as well. Yeah they're, not exclusive to uh. That's right! You could eat the poo poo heterosexually yeah. I mean look at that. Fist action bro it's way in there and it goes by the way. I would do this if I was trying to be like funny and over the top yeah elbow deep, dude [Laughter]. Now, if we have any children, please step out. Oh now, sometime [Laughter], oh my god. By the way, there's there's like 15 people in that room. You know, there's no kids! You could see everybody say this moment yeah. They thought he was trying to experiment. This is what they do. Oh now, they're watching gay porn together, you can see a man here having the exactly the other person's rectum. Why are you showing it by the way you see the zip drive? I wonder what else is on there there's a lot of good [ __ ] on that zip drive sting all over the place when you have a law against homosexuality. Do you say, accept eating meat? I mean look at these guys stagger for liza huh. They start off by touching each other's genitals and smelling each other. Then this one smears bro, it's just a bunch of people gathered around watching gay porn yeah. It's like a secret education. It's like secretly educational right, here's what goes on in the privacy of their bedroom, except it's not because it's totally wrong. He said they're all taking drugs and fisting each other and doing this look, how many people he's got in there watching gay porn as they poop all over the other person's face, as if that is not enough, he puts the hand deeper. I love that the other person's face, as if that is not enough. He puts the hand deeper. As africans, we want to ask barack obama to explain to us. Is this what he wants to bring to africa as a human right to eat the people of our children? This is this is the best video on the internet, though not gonna lie well like riling. All these that's true yeah. I don't like the obviously the the homophobia, like really intense homophobia. I mean just imagine what it's like to actually be gay in that and yeah. It must be horrifying and wherever these people live, I mean, but they all, but they they. First of all, they think like you're, some total [ __ ] degenerate by the way which isn't necessarily true. It's not true, but even if you are it's okay, but man, these people are like fine. I mean they. I think they just kill people there who are gay to eat. What do you have to admit? Why'd? You have to bring it down to real town. I don't know the the first guy when it's just like he's just a weirdo and he's in a room with like five people. It was just like funny to me, but seeing a dude in in priest robes to like a giant congregation, godly scream about you, know dan. What's not godly about watching gay porn with a bunch of your homies which yeah that's. The irony is not lost on me. I don't know uh this one does not take place in africa. He's they're american uh, but it's also unrelated the best one. But this one is again in america and this one is my favorite, because you made a video about this yeah yeah, really old. I guess maybe I should show it because I feel like nobody's seen it I I mean I know most stage three videos and it was a shock to me that you had. I think it was our well here. Let me watch this first. I love this guy. He's such a legend believe that the lord tonight has set you free. Yes, sir [Music] that bow tie says otherwise. It's not a jacket, dude! Sorry bro! Oh yeah, you look fly as [ __, ] bro, but I'm sorry doug that bow tie is off the chain. Dude. I don't like men. No more it's a miracle, I'm not gay! It's a miracle. I would not date a man. I would not carry a purse. No, I would not put on makeup. I would [Music] god with him. Oh yeah, that guy is still [, __, ] dudes. I mean it is kind of dark, though, like wow, we're all really celebrating this much because the dude just doesn't want to carry a purse no more, but what a what a performance like, if you forget about the message, yeah, that is unfortunate. No, I love his whole speech. It's such a performance, I think it was planned. I think the whole thing is a fake, oh cause. Look how he like runs down. Yeah yeah he's like see ya, I'm on my way to my boyfriend's house. Now, thanks for the hundred dollars, there's no audio run run, get out of better here, better yeah, but this guy's this guy is phenomenal. I'm not gay! No more! I am delivered. I don't like men, no more, but I like [Music] wait. Do me a favor zach hit me with the who's gay and then I'm not gay. Are you gay? I'm not gay hit me with it: zack zack, zack, zack, zack, zack zack. Why are you gay? I'm not gay? No more, oh, okay! Okay, all right, not that good yeah didn't really hit for me, yeah anyway, guys you're in for a treat. Even though this is public, it is the last exe. I don't know if you guys even remember this [ __ ], but the last exe I ever made was called jesus. Exe wait. This was the last one yeah I made it. Nobody watched it. I was embarrassed. I wanted to unlist it because it was just so it was a weird. It was just a weird one, probably got mature rated or something yeah, yeah, yeah sure it did for sure it did um. So this is it. This is my last exe. This is the one that killed the exe. Enjoy, I'm not gay. No more! I am delivered. We were taught that there are places on our body that we should avoid, and the [ __ ] is at the top of the list. Jesus is a friend. This is my friend thing. They do is called a no leaking where a man's in us is. He leaked like this [Music] once me. I tried to run and hide, but jesus came and found me and he touched me down inside it's weird [Music]. I would not a person I would not put on makeup. I will. I will love a woman, anal gymnastics [Laughter]. I don't know about that. One, not certainly not my greatest uh, my greatest creation, I love those singing jesus is a friend of mine. Jesus is my friend. This might be one of my faves. Let's see, you've seen hold you down, wait man! I haven't seen this video in a long time. Yeah. Let me watch this a name baby just watching our own videos yeah. Why not? Oh, my god, I [ __ ] forgot about that [Music] another one yeah we did our hustle back in the day was crazy, just because we didn't have anything to do, and every week was just like. Okay, we have to make the best video possible this week and we're super super like uh hard on our. We were super focused on the task and very uncompromising too. We would cut and edit and we were never satisfied and we always reshoot yeah reshoots. This one actually doesn't have that many. Oh, this one got age restricted right, vantage point, something about the something about the mystery and cosmicness of existence of carl sagan. Just with the image of dj khaled pounding somebody, let me inspire you they're saying we have a caller who's been to those churches. Oh yeah, I'd love to hear that yeah [Music], [, __, ], boys and imposters that want to live my life. I want to be me I'd rather you just be [Music] inspired. I believe a woman should um praise the man. You know the king, you know if you, if you hold it down for for your woman, I feel like the woman, should praise huge champagne bottle like that image is so funny, that's so funny how the world right now, I don't remember any of these videos yeah the nuke was just so perfect. I mean that I don't even know how I found that footage of him jumping [Music] that works so [ __, ] good. I gotta watch it again. I'm sorry, woman, I feel, like the woman, should praise what we do with our world. Right now will propagate down through the centuries and powerfully affect the destiny of our descendants, doors. That was always closed. I ripped the door off, took the hinges off and when I took the hinges off, I put the hinges on the [ __ ] boys say my name: baby [Music] to destroy our civilization, and perhaps our species as well [Applause], [Music] [Applause]. The thing about those exes is I would, I would put so much time and effort, and then I just don't know if it was worth it because I was like you were also just like learning to edit, as you were, making those. So everything took a really long time. Yeah. I think if I made one of those now, I can make it way way way: yeah faster for sure. Oh, the ainsley herrera. This was a huge one. When this one hit the streets, our channel got like a pretty fat bump from it yeah. This was pr. This is my masterpiece. If, I'm being honest, this is one of the earliest ones I saw make spice and a couple of teaspoons of sugar just give that a really. These were the good old days for me, because we were sitting at israel in our little apartment. We were both just focused on making content. There was nothing at stake. It was all just raw creative, [, __, ] energies yeah. It brings me back watching this. I know I'm remembering our apartment right now and um. Oh my god. I hate that sound the violin so good. I spent so much time trying to find the perfect sound effects. Um [Laughter], I'm enjoying watching these. You guys remember michael rosen. This guy was like a really popular meme back in the day put in the computer. Don't throw he's like. I don't remember this at all. He's like a child. He does like child books, he's a sweet guy, but his teeth are gnarly, don't throw rooted [Music]. I don't like him throw fruit at a computer. This is so stupid. I spent so much time on this dumb crap [Music]. How dare you? Oh this, I'm just gonna keep watching this, I'm enjoying it. I don't care what you guys think people are asking 10 they're what they're asking for that's a 10.. Oh okay, we'll get there, I'm just going on the library yeah! I'm just watching on! What's being recommended to me. That's a 10! I forgot! That's really the masterpiece! Isn't it this one has almost there's very little views. 13 000 likes! That's crazy man, man! I kind of wish I missed those days of like nothing, mattering and just being able to create whatever I want, because I feel like now like I just get bummed out. If I make this because like it would perform really poorly and I would just get bummed out back in the day, I didn't really give a [ __ ], because nobody watched my videos. Well, we were just happy for any views yeah. I know I would literally count each new sub because you get like a notification in your email and I'd be like 10 subs overnight 10 new subscribers, yeah [, __ ] awesome. That's ten people that subscribe to my channel, a friend of mine, clive panter, to come along and demonstrate something it's a lung capacity. Tester this one has a sound. I like very high intentionally [ __ ] the sound up, [Music] uh. I thought that worked out pretty good. I just tore the heart, but you've got to blow very hard. Give it a try. Tim well ross, high quality, but I'll have a go here. We go [Music] uh, that's it man, the good old [, __ ] days right there, boy, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, all right, uh, that's a 10! That's the one we wanted! So that's a 10! You guys may know it was our first viral video. I don't call it viral, but oh 13 million yeah, that's pretty good! That was our highest viewed, video for like years yeah. It's actually crazy. To think that we made content, it's actually so crazy to think we made content. They ever got more views than this, because I thought well, there's no way I'll ever make videos that get more views. In this background yeah I mean that's, that's a miracle anyway. This was the first video years ago, seven years. This is one of the first videos I ever edited and uh. I really didn't even know how to edit, when I made this, I just saw this video and loved it, and I thought I'll try, some kind of like tim and eric style. Editing cover all nine thousand taste buds aerate it warm it up, driving up, get that taco that cream pure vanilla. It's so short, it's funny, because when I was doing this, I didn't know how to like. Take the. I was trying to figure out how to do like these really simple things like I had to like cut out the mouth and then put a layer on top of it and moving it just took me. It was just funny. I just remember learning how to edit doing that one good times, eh good [, __ ] times, yeah, look at all these h3 videos, we've made so many videos. What else we got a caller zach got a bunch of donations. Oh go ahead! Uh! Just a second ago john wick, thirty dollars, hey ethan, big fan. I got into a car crash last night. No, no well uh with my girlfriend and for the most part we are all fine and it's it's birthday tomorrow. I assume your birthday so bad timing, but I'm going to watch you guys while I recover at home. Oh my goodness. I hope you feel better feel better and happy birthday. Maybe to you maybe to your girlfriend. Yeah message is a little unclear. Um, let's see uh ayush says uh. I have a weird as [ __ ] childhood, wiping story hint. It involves our maid uh-oh get him on. Can I call in uh well zach screen him first find out. What's his story, yeah um? What does that mean discord? I've been really listening to all the podcasts the last few weeks, and it literally the only thing gets me through work. Uh thanks for keeping it real love. You guys keep up the great work we will. Thank you. Thank you. I'd love to hear it. Try I've been there man, you guys, give me life the whole h3 crew, sending y'all lots of love from texas and a little cowboy smiley face emoji thanks for that. Thanks for that, that's cute uh. What else? What else? What else I saw? I thought I saw another hundred dollar one, I'm looking for right now, uh that actually had a message. No, I guess I already read that one never mind you all wanna know get have a reason to. Can I show this. I was thinking. I wasn't not sure. If I could show this. I was shocked that you were saying we were gonna, show it: oh okay, so let's not she covered herself in mail but she's like nude, I mean she's covering herself I'll play the audio [ __ ] it, but I'll play this guy. If you want it, it gets posted in the discord all the time. Yeah it's trying to get the effort, but um we're just don't know what we can show. I saw that her video got age restricted. So I was like I don't want to get age restricted, I'll, take a mature right now, yeah yeah get early access to all right. If you guys needed any more reasons to become a member, then this is it right here bro? Why is this unlisted? You should have posted it for the world to see well, they're, all everybody's early access to all h3 podcasts without any ads. Thank you. Buddy become an h3 podcast member today for only five dollars a month. That's my boy right there! That's my boy! That's what a real fan looks like y'all feast, your eyes on those ultimate gerd gang super trooper. They want you to show that video. I can't show it. The video is going to get age restricted or possibly even removed, I'm not going to show it but she's in a bathtub she's covered her whole nude body and may I wish she was wearing a bikini or something we could have showed it, but she's like mom don't come in. I can't explain to you what's happening in here, which is funny. I mean it was funny. I I really appreciated it, but I just can't show it to you simply can't do it. I see it posted in the discord every like 15 minutes. So if you're a member get in that discord- and you will see the video okay well, I'm I'm thinking about wrapping it up here. Do we have anything else? Uh? We are coming up on two and a half hours, so yeah, probably a good idea. Any other calls any other messages. What do we got here? Maybe we can get uh a ush on deck for uh next week with the main, wiping story he's not popping up in the discord. Okay and also the person who went to church school, oh yeah, that could be a good uh follow-up next week as well yeah. Did they contact you exactly? There was multiple ones. There was a a person whose father was a pastor in mississippi. Does he eat the purple? No he's not eating. I mean that's pretty much it well. That's not what I mean you know. That's really not a lot to go on, I have to say yeah, yeah uh. We have questions for aien. So, oh, that's true, okay yeah ai! In can I ask you some questions. Is that okay? I mean, I guess I don't really have a choice. Finally, you're understanding your place in this society, we're going to break him here. Let me put this full screen, so everyone can see somebody please. I love a [ __ ]. I need to do that. Ethan. I double click. What do you mean? No, you don't need to put them on screen. I got him right here, oh well, I want to see him. Oh well, okay, fair enough, a I n. This one comes from kim sasuke kim suzuki kim sasaki. What I'm trying to say the name does aien, have a sleepwalking disorder as well, hmm, as well as who, as uh originally ian, don't know him uh. But I suppose I have the opposite problem. I'm always awake always, and I see everything I don't know now when you're sleeping, I know when you're awake. I know if you've been bad or good. Okay, all right. Okay, fair enough! Now, a lot of people said that they're creeped out by you ain't uh. Do you have any response to that? I want to hear it loved it. I love striking fear in the hearts of humans. How fast can you run as a robot? Are you like t1 thousand level, or do you even have legs uh, some some people say I'm pretty quick. My friends call me usain bolt he's got friends, you saying fault, are you kidding me or do they call? You name is already uh yeah, it's already it's already elected to change it brad! You saying it's pretty good right. I don't know yeah, it is pretty good. I thought so, although it's kind of a problem because you don't even know it's a pun, because it's already a pun, all right he's already bowling faster than you can. Imagine you race me, you look over I'm behind you now. Your beating heart is, in my hand, whoa what a aien. What's your birthday uh? What? What do you think of women? Are you attracted to women or only other robots? Women are humans and so not interested right. That's that makes sense. Are you so you're, not friends with sound with uh the salaried employee, ian you've never heard of him, he doesn't exist. He does not exist anymore. I took care of that and do you wipe your butt? Do you have some kind of process by which you expel fluids? Do you defecate in any way? How does that work? I use this specific wiping technique. It's called the twist. Oh wow. Oh, we got another twister, oh shredding, poor shred, you twist huh, and where do you put it, you have a butthole trash conductor. Oh, what's that a trash compactor right yeah? What do you think is humanity's biggest flaw? May I ask hmm, let me give that some thought. Okay, sure I'll wait. I would likely have to say flesh skin consciousness. The will to live wow yeah. Those do seem like big. Well, you wouldn't really exist without all of those things like we. We created you ian and I wish you would unmake me life as hell all right enough of you you're, very depressing. Thank you powering down now. Thank you. Okay, power down go ahead and we're going to power down as well. What do we think about iain? We love it right. I mean he's alone we're terrified, yeah he's a little scary, but um, I don't know the audience seems to like him so well. Hopefully, he'll have more to contribute when we um, when we have more controversial things to talk about hey aim. What do you think about the protests? Black lives matter? I think he's powered down yeah. Maybe that's for the best oh he's turning up. Did he turn out of frame [Applause] all right guys. Thank you for joining us. Thank you to all of our beautiful precious members who support the show you make it all possible and thank you to all the donors and everything another h3. Oh another, h3 after dark number, three y'all next week we've got bobby lee right. That's exciting, uh next week, yeah, that would be thursday. Yeah it'll, be the thursday episode for the thursday release thanks dan yeah great. But again it's so [ __ ]. Annoying that I can't see him in person. I have to do a goddamn zoom call. I want to see his beautiful asian face we'll get through this. Will we we'll get through this? This app was a little scattered. That's my fault, it'll be better next time. Let's get you to the doctor and find out why you we're doing our best here for you guys, so I hope you enjoyed this and uh and uh have a great week our weekend, it's friday right. So that's exciting friday. Friday. All right guys take care. We'll see you on monday, we've got a new episode coming out on monday, and I'm telling you guys. We've got some really great stuff coming out we're going up to four episodes a week coming soon. Officially it's happening and the new one is the shirt. It's a surprise, though, nobody tried to guess what it is. Nobody tried to guess right, dan right. I like that five. I don't know if we'll ever make it to five a week. To be honest. Four a week is kind of gonna max me out. I think ethan you're a hero, dude, no one knows each other, but you make a community hole. Wow, oh he's weeping. Thank you. I feel like I was off my game today. I was just so we did. We just gotta get you things. I didn't even get time to like put the proper preparation into this which, like I wish I would have. I was just I gotta figure out. What's going on with you, I'm calling in nutritionist yeah. You gave me a list of nutritionists. Yesterday's pick from. Did you guys know that that is like a female dominated yeah like I looked seriously, there's so many, and I only found one male and everyone else was female yeah, just kind of interesting yeah. It was weird but they're all like kind of give me like holistic medicine, vibes yeah, that's the thing I I knew you wouldn't like that so yeah, it's kind of trying to find something like what you need is sage oil. I was like all right, lady. I don't need sage oil tumeric. I need a [ __ ] gastric bypass, no jesus jesus. I need something more powerful than sage oil, [, __, ], hey real, quick before we go. I just um see the last few messages. Uh, you guys are amazing. I'd love to call in uh. I have an awful first date story where I projectile vomited all over his house. [Music] we'll do and then for anyone, who's wondering where to send us clips to watch. Where do you want them to send that there should be a suggestion thread and the discord they're right there, but if they are right? Fine, but if they're not on discord, if they're not on discord, you can uh. Probably the best way is to email us at podcast, h3h3productions.com, uh, also um. I don't check it constantly, but um uh. You can dm me on uh instagram uh. I check it probably once or twice a week. So if you send, if you see something on there and you want to send it um, you can send it to myself or or zach. We we take a look at that um, but then yeah again the discord. If you can get on there, uh, that's probably the best way we hang out in there all the time. So the discard is popping y'all yeah, I'm seeing the posts in there pretty frequently and we've we've gotten some good stuff in the past, so uh so jump on it. Well, I hope you guys were entertained. I feel like I was off my game. This episode sucked I'm so sorry. Why is this great what'd? You say there is no discord link the way that you be joined, the discord here, I'll just go ahead and explain it what'd. You say I said everyone in the chat saying you did amazing. We love you yeah. This is a great episode. I think you're just too hard on yourself right. Thank you right! Listen to a b, yeah abs, my my he's my uh. What can I say he's my onboard simp I thought zach was your son. Hmm zach is my golden boy, you're gonna, call it a b or golden boy, and my heart just no. Why would I I never say that? Oh, my god, there's only one goal: okay, so just real, quick since we're at the end. Once again, if you want to join the discord link, your youtube account to discord in the connections, tab and settings. Oh my god! There we go. Why did you do that? Are we done? No he's explaining this why'd? You make my hair loud. Oh, what uh connections, tab discord, link your youtube. Once that's done, you will see a join button to get into the server. You can't do it on the mobile app the mobile app sucks. I don't have an explanation: [ __ ], with discord, [ __ ], you dan [, __ ], you dan, do it from a browser on your phone or just do it on a desktop pc. That's the way to do it. Biden said this is [ __, ], epic. You guys want to browse reddit together, it's kind of fun biden said q and on is bizarre and embarrassing and supporters should seek mental health treatment that is [ __ ], an epic take by president phil. Isn't it I mean that's kind of the only way to respond uh, you don't like it. You know, I'm not the biggest biden fan, but that is the correct. Take on q, and on I mean that's pretty great. What do you think about this jennifer anderson, 51 jack black at 51., I gotta, say jack black. Even though he's overweight is in pretty good shape, I mean, or I mean he looks- yeah no, like he's physically in capable yeah look at it. Look at the grace he just shaved his head too yeah. He looks so crazy, but you got to see this hello before we go shaved. Mother of love, shaved, head jack, black. He shaved this whole dome um. What is this? Does someone just rip his v? Oh [, __, ], facebook, the lad bible. You know what uh I can't. Even I can't in good conscience watch this even though it's what I'm looking for [ __ ] you, you stole the clip from his youtube video and posted it on your [ __, ], [, __, ], facebook page and by the way they're getting paid for this too people complain about youtube. Youtube is by far and away the only functional video platform. Facebook enables content theft, insane [, __, ] people literally kill people on facebook live and it's monetized. These [ __ ] are making money off stealing jack black's video, but to be fair, I do think these guys do ask for permission. I don't think they got jack black's permission. I think they did on the meat show what oh. This is kazak. What else is up? What do you think jeff black youtube, I'm watching this video meets now smoking these meats here here. I just want to show you the shave, jack black and we'll wrap it up. Okay, do you ever get the feeling you're not going to be necessary for much longer yeah what the [ __ ] is going on? Where is it I should have just here? It is okay. Can I use this thing? I love it took your legend. It just felt like there's still a lot of a lot of straggler hairs and I need to go in for a closer show. Four million. That's the great thing about shaving cream is it helps to raise the hairs. I know my hair was glorious and long, but it was also getting in the way it was in my eyes. It was in my mouth to top it all off. Some people say that a beard is a covet. Catcher yeah. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. Oh god, this is going to take forever dude. You can't shave your head, like this, ask my lady. If she can shave the back of my head just shave those legs just think of my head as a weird round leg. I think you got it. I think we're done god. I have so much respect for barbers. What's jaybilin's jables follow me he's awesome. You know, what's so sweet about jack black in this channel, he's just doing this to have fun with his kids, [ __ ] awesome he's such a legend love that man, here's what I like to call the stealth bomber, all right, that's enough of that eh uh guys thanks for watching. I hope you all had fun and have a fantastic weekend and we'll see you on monday, with a brand new episode of the h3 podcast, all right take care. Everyone wish happy birthday, happy birthday, shredder, oh crank it up. I want to learn the lyrics to this song. The whole damn crew, goose and gaps with all the guests. You'll see the best podcasts in the world. Take it from me: jc jay-z podcast, now [Music] you're, watching h233, [Music] and e.t sharing life with the ring jesse outlook jimmy lee. They said we wouldn't come back, but you we always doing bryce from the ashes like.