Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast after dark. This is where we get ranch, dirty, wild and totally uncensored, because we don't give a freak anything. Why? Because of all our gracious members that support the show, make this episode possible, and here we are yet again after dark number, two they said [Applause]. They said we wouldn't last after number two, but here we are in number six. You know and uh once again, they're wrong. Now, here's I have a couple of things I need to get to. First of all, I don't know why we're all wearing sunglasses is everyone wearing sunglasses. Was that yeah yeah? So my first thing is yes, I am number one on wiki feet. As you all know, I have shattered what was previously thought possible on the website here. Let me pull it up. Wiki feet, ethan klein dude. I am like seven out of five. Do you understand how insane that is? You guys? Did you get up to seven yeah? Did you break seven wait? I got I didn't get rid of this, though I want to smell a few. I didn't break seven, but it's so close. Bro, I don't even know if it's possible, it's like the speed barrier. I mean how much higher can you go? You know it's like it's like 6.92 out of five. It doesn't make sense already right. You know, that's not so here's what I want to do is I want to get a because you know any time you show your foot they and somebody throws it it's like yeah, so I want to get a shot of me in the wiki hat, showing my feet for the um. You know just just to recognize the wicked feet: community yeah. So here you go people. This is for wikifeet. Okay, here actually use this one, please how's the shot. Can I see the shot? I can't see it yeah. How does it look you're getting it? It's all in there baby? Okay, now speaking of um, speaking of wikifeet, people started from the general wikifee community. Finding that you know I was the number one most popular male on the whole of the website, and they we started getting comments of people who are just confused. You can tell that they're, real wikifeet, uh denzians. Is that the right word denzin denizen denizen white? That could be wrong too. I don't know where what okay wait? These are so small. I just want to be able to read that, oh god, dan, why can't I read these? Do the magnifying glass thingy? I am a well-respected foot enthusiast. I am very offended by accusations of false rating. Wait what oh, this one's in support? Okay, okay, something is happening here, look at their icon! Oh that's, weird! A heart with feet! That's just weird he's been a member since 2018, so don't question him. There's some straight up! Weirdos on the internet looks like a lot of fans. Are making accounts just so they can give them five stars. I mean this dude's currently at a 6.4, actually 7.9 or 6.9 higher than sean mendes chris hemsworth zac efron and justin bieber, who are rightly or wrongly, the undisputed kings of wikifeed men. This guy's feet are average as hell uh. Well, the rating says otherwise. [ __ ] by the way, look at his username foot slave 82 notice that so shout out to foot slave 82. Where is foot slave number? One question: what happened to flood slave number, one: hey they're, not good feet at all: uh feet: sniff, that's his name! How dare you, how dare you [ __ ], the [ __ ] out? Let's see yeah, it's just raiding he's saying: I'm ruining the website. Well, that's just your opinion. Bro! Perhaps there is something that the moderators can do like wipe, suspend bro, I'm putting your website on the map. How dare you suggest that came across this guy's feet due to his rating currently being the highest on the site? How did that happen? But I have to say I love the flat worn out appearance, uh, oh plus, a smelly, looking tan, oh great, shot for analyzing by the way, overall, a well-deserved rating. Am I waiting you see, we won over. That's a really legit review. You can tell yeah he's talking about the tan of the smelliness, but this guy. Actually, I'm you do have a flat foot right. I guess so you saw it all yeah you read right leaves bro. That guy actually supports me, though, like that's so cool now these are some of the cutest little piggies. I've ever seen [Laughter] piggy. These are the best feet. I've ever seen in my entire life. That's got to be a supporter this. This is the only person we've won over, who, I think, is from the general. How long were they a member? That's how you can tell well, unfortunately, this guy's just been a member since this month, three days ago, yeah. I wish you didn't ask me that sorry anyway, so there's a lot of motion over there on wiki feed and now, when everyone finds me number one they'll see me in the hat, with the thumbs up mostly for the mods of the site, so that they don't remove you. They gotta see that you're, your financial supporter of the website. Oh someone said a food model, reviewed ethan's, fit on youtube. What model um you know what I'm doing guys, because I'm so I'm I'm obviously fat and I've got gerd so either either made me talk to a nutritionist and I'm drinking smoothies. Now I mean I'm helping you no it's made of me, okay! Well, you! No! It's good! You're right, you're good! I know I'm drinking smoothies. Now I'm having two of these a day. What's in the smoothie, it's [ __ ] great unheard of ingredients. It's like a bunch of lettuce and like one banana to sweeten it and um pea protein, it's kind of cool! It's not that bad! You got this in there little pea little little bit of my own urine, that's hot, just a dash and um. That's the way to go. So I have two of these one in the morning one in the afternoon, then I have one meal, one healthy meal, that's really cool, but he said you know you learn a lot talking to nutritionists he's like uh. I know we had like a big debate a long time ago about diet, coke. He says diet, coke can make you or you absorb sugar later after you've drank it, but he did say it's better than normal soda, but he could be a quack too. I mean he's just a [ __ ] guy found on the internet. He seemed knowledgeable though yeah he did. He did. He has a degree in chip, but I only paid I feel I pa he was like 150. 150 is that a lot it didn't seem like a lot first time how much time an hour hour 150 an hour, but he's got like a degree in [, __ ], I don't know uh who cares. This is all the farce yeah, I don't really. Anyway, let's talk about zach's birthday has arrived zach um. We bought zach a gift zach. Would you like to open your gift? Uh? Yes, um, don't dox yourself, oh yeah, good call here I want to watch hang on. This is such a schlep every time, okay go ahead. Zach! This is exciting. Everybody get pumped. We bought zach the perfect gift, hooters gift card nice too, for the man you know it's funny. Wow go ahead! Give your acceptance speech! Oh thank you! So wow, two hooters gift cards, shrimp, burgers and salads. Wait. You actually know the menu there. No, it just says it on the gift card. I don't know how many times you've been there. Bro I've been doing hooters uh once in my life and um it was a pleasant experience. It seems embarrassing to eat. It I mean. Was the food good uh food was all right, boobs were better gotcha. That's why we got you there. That's why we got it for you well. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate it happy birthday. You know on amazon, you could only buy they maxed out at 50., which I don't know. If that says something about hooters, but that's the max gift card you could get so we're going. Thank you. I appreciate it. All right have fun. These are gonna. Go to good use, have a good time all right. Oh um, huff, okay donated a thousand something I don't know if that's probably not dollars, but he said love the hair. Thank you and he said, have you seen the social dilemma dilemma? How do you say it and we have? I was actually I asked everyone else to watch it because I got really freaked out um right. It's like they're, like oh social media, sucks, it's [, __ ], ruining everyone's life, we're the people that made it. I worked at facebook. I worked at instagram and take it from me, so we made it explicitly to [ __ ] your brain up, but we got out after we made a bunch of money and now we're making money again by making a documentary about it. That's all right, that's kind of my takeaway as well, either in lectures and how about you go [ __ ] off get the [ __ ] out of my face, but it's still so scary because I really feel like I. I have a problem where, like it slowly happened and now it's like I'm always on my phone and I don't even do anything, I'm not even that active on social media and somehow I'm still all day on my phone. You know what I do and maybe it'll help you before. I open a social media app now lately I say: okay is there anything important I need to check in here and if not because you get it's because it's like compulsive, it's like yeah, you just and it and then you the thing is you're looking for something good and but you never find it. You know on tick tock. I kind of spend way less time on instagram, which is good. I hate instagram instagram's, the worst. I spent a lot of time on instagram yeah, you think instagram's the worst well honestly, twitter is the most toxic I feel like twitter is the most because yeah for me. For me, twitter. I can just check in real fast and get out. You know what I mean I check in, but it's like. Why do I even check in then it's like? I can't control it. I don't even like anything that I see on there to me. Tick-Tock is wholesome because at least because, like at least I'm watching something and I'm being entertained, but on tick tock on twitter, you're, like what am I even doing, yeah twitter you're, like I'm literally just I'm like vacuuming, I'm like what am I doing, you're like a hamster on a wheel. Hey twitter world, hey twitter world. This is yours. Truly anyway, I like hey twitter world. This is yours. It's true tuck is my home. Are you getting a tech tacula? I am. I I like the fashion side of it um you would yeah so yeah tick. Tock is our home. There's this uh yeah, I'm following a few people like people. That's the start. You know yeah, excuse me um, okay, let's start the show. Oh, we have a new collection on teddy fresh, really just really fast. It's a epic collab. I think I I say this too much, but I think these are the best pieces we've ever made: um dan bortz. Is it borts just because it's his name? Yes, then isaac bortz is artist that I found on instagram. I love following all these artists on instagram, because I feel like it's such a new thing like compared to art galleries and having to go to exhibitions and all that it's like. We all just follow everything on instagram and um. They get to sell their art independently. They don't have to pay 50 to a gallery, and so I just love art on instagram. I think it's a great thing and I discovered a lot of people like that um and this guy I actually found also because post malone originally commissioned art from him. For clothing for clothing, because he's been wearing a lot of like one-offs, people will actually draw on his stuff, and then boards did a really amazing one for him, and so we I reached out and he was down to do it, and that was a long time ago. We've been working on it for a while it was so long ago, but the thing is like technically, this piece is really cool, it was kind of because it was actually what was with this picture. I don't like this picture. I was like I don't want to say, but the photo shoot went weird. It's like why we have a guy shirtless we're trying to sell clothes. I guess it's for the painting, it's the photographer, it's for the pants decision, but it's like hello, we're selling clothes. Why are you not wearing a top what the [ __ ] anyway? These are the conversations we have behind the scenes, but uh he drew a bunch of stuff on his sketchbooks and he sent it to us and uh. When I saw it I was like for me. I really want to like go all in on this, so we wanted to like incorporate embroidery with puffy paint with patches and just do like. Do it all the way and it wasn't easy because it just um it can end up looking kind of shitty if it's not done right, so it came out amazing. We worked on it like here's one detail, for example like here's. This is puffy paint and this is an embroidery yeah and it it really just looks like his art, so I mean the prop and then like. This is puffy paint with a gradient here and then this is an embroidery. The dice and it's just this is all embroidered uh. It just came out like so true to to his art that uh, I'm stoked. So that's that all right, let's talk. Let's, let's talk about something else: okay, I am the highest in the room when you get it uh uh, on tick, tock, you start getting all these weird songs in your head, yeah like super weird [, __ ], that maybe it's not weird. Maybe it's mainstream and I just never heard this [ __ ] before all right. Okay, can I talk about james charles one last time uh, but it's in the document, so I have to. Why do you guys set me up? I've been over your document. I am the okay, here's, okay, I'm just gonna! Do this fast hi! My name is james, charles and I say I've never heard of teddy fresh or I've never seen your brand and I've nev. I don't know anything about your brand. You guys are [ __ ] and I've never heard of your [ __ ] brand flash cut his best friend larry. How do by the way? How do you say his name, it's kind of larray? Is it larae, oh larae, that makes sense. I'm an [ __ ] by the way I'm just reading english, like larry larae? Well, I don't know anymore, so I don't know either I'm just reading. Okay, good everybody's happy for you hilo. You know how to read anyway, by the way that that that that shout out to larae, because you know he's a fan of our clothing. Obviously- and you know I hate to bring him into this, but regardless uh larae is here seen wearing teddy fresh la rae is here seeing wearing teddy fresh and a now famous meme by the way, this is a meme that has made its rounds. The caption is always something like me. 30 minutes into my 15-minute lunch break [Laughter] yeah. I love this picture. It's great man, I even know it's the same person, but then, when we posted it, we actually didn't even know that it was like a famous person because we posted it on instagram what we posted that as a meme. We didn't even know who he was and then we found out and um that's the story. So that's him great story anyway. The point is that there's zero [ __ ] chance that james charles doesn't know who the [ __ ] doesn't know that that's our hoodie okay. Now. The reason I bring this up is because he's already selling it and he's selling a trillion of them and by the way I've already heard people saying they post a picture of them in the color block and they go. Oh, you already got your sister marsh. I swear to god. I swear to god: hey yeah, hi sisters, my sister and so now and and I'm just I'm just being honest with you, people now who are wearing color block, hoodies. No, don't say it yeah, okay, stop their sister, stop it hi sisters, I have to say I was neutral on james charles now. I really dislike him. I hate him hate him. I really do he's such a phony baloney, all right, slow down, he's a phony, baloney and he's making don't like it billy, not only well. I don't even care he's making a billion dollars. It's that he's making our brand look like [ __, ], sister, merch, okay, what's your next topic? Oh okay, you know that. What was that? What ai in I was just saying, that's kind of funny. I've had the opposite experience. When you become a massive fan, you were saying uh. What was your opposite experience? You've started to like them less and less I've liked them more and more [Music]. I actually kind of made a big purchase yesterday. I'm you know pretty excited about it from this website. You got. The sister mark got all the yeah. They call it the no oh man, oh, but I can't see. Should I be seeing? Oh, you should be seeing this. Oh man, yeah yeah, that's a lot of money, 70 000! What the [ __ ] dude! What wait? You were just complaining about money, the other and the content. That's why you're complaining about money, seventy thousand dollars bro! Thank you! A.I.A! I have a bit of a confession. I I accidentally uh might have used your card [Laughter]. If I was you, I would just be mining bitcoins or something yeah yeah, and have you just, I kind of just viewed it as an advance that I should have received so okay, you want to be so. You want to be paid in sister merch from now on how about some tatty merch I'll? Take it all right, okay, good good! Can I get some commemorative incense sticks to put, in my background, have you developed uh, telepathic powers or something because your mouth isn't moving? It's kind of interesting that we can hear you? Oh, what uh uh [Music], I might have to go to autozone for a quick repair. Did it already break man? What's the next topic I'll be back? Oh, it's gone wait. Should we should we explain how were we going to explain ain today? What do you explain? What? What do you mean the behind the scenes? I don't think it was today. Was it, but it's not ready. No all right, [Laughter], all right. So, let's get on with it. Then dublin. Oh, this one's real, weird dude, so this guy dublin, you can queue him up zach. He wants to teach me how to do mongolian throat singing and he thinks that, due to my gerd I would be good at it he's also a he has a bs in physics and a p he's a phd student right. Now, here's a video he gets really technical. This is really fascinating. Stuff here dublin is this. Is this? Is it he thinks I could do this [Music]? I don't need lessons yeah exactly it's got like more uh wavy. You know what I mean so how he gets really worried about it. He says: ethan has a sub tone, a tone below the main pitch being heard, as well as a very present harmonic. That means he has activated the vestibular vest. That means he's activating the vestibule vestibular bueller dd mega doom vestibular folds, as well as the vocal cords, because the vestibular folds vibrate at a lower frequency, I.e. He is doing karga the throat singing style here is a link to my what my vocal cords do he's. Oh, this is what it does if you're curious and want to be. This is worse than pimple pop yeah. I mean what is this supposed to prove? I mean yeah, so it it's how uh wide or uh constricted your vocal cords? How am I supposed to know how wide or constricted vocal chords supposed to look like just looks disgusting, I mean it looks like a colonoscopy, oh and then finally, wait what oh this guy's such a legend bro. I love this guy incoming viral hog clan [Music]. So what this guy's claiming is that I am like the king, arthur of mongolian throat singing that I just have to pick up excalibur. I was born for this. Let's go wait. Where's this. There was a video of him like I like when he said you activated something sounds like yeah. I've activated my [ __ ] level exactly here here. He even put my voice into some kind of audio uh program to show that my pitch is jedi level perfect. So this is one of your coughs slowed down. Apparently this is actually the cough from your 100 t-shirt, video and he isolated and slowed it down all right. Bring him in. Let's do this, okay, dragging him in right now he's on dublin. Can you hear me? Yes, yes, dublin, dublin or duke dublin, dublin dublin? Why is it that you've got this interest in mongolian throat singing? Well, I'm I'm a musician. I've been, I started on saxophone and I got into choir as well. Like my whole, family is musical, and so, when I uh and they're the kind of nerds to have seen mongolian throat, singers live and so then that's kind of what got me into it and then yeah. I just really liked this carcias style, um and yeah. So and you didn't show the video of uh, where I like decomposed the frequencies but um yeah you're, already a throat singer, you just don't know it singer seems like a euphemism for like deep throating of a giant [ __, ], you're, good you're, a throat, singer buddy, you just don't know here dublin you want to give us an example: uh you want to do something: yeah yeah. Let's hear keep doing that. Meanwhile, just keep doing that and I'll put this on the screen [Music], so vin diesel's actually turned on by this. I'm not surprised. You know. I read that women actually prefer men who can throat sing really they say it makes your voice like the timbre of your voice, more desirable. Oh, so not not! You know, I did find your voice uh very cool. What thank you I appreciate. Thank you. So what? Why would you say that live like this? I'm just kidding all right. Well, so you're saying not, everybody can throat sing. No, no! No anyone can throat sing. I think it's more of a if you throat sing you develop this control over your vocal cords. That turns your voice more desirable, I mean, I don't know if I believe it that's just what I read was that written by you could send you a yeah. It was uh like how to throat sing.com or something okay, all right. Let's let let's start the uh tutorial. What do what? How do we do this? So the the first thing you need to do is don't try and sing. So when you were singing to the um, the the mongolian guy you're you're, just using your vocal cords, also known as the vocal fold, but when you throat sing you activate uh the ventricular folds, as well as the vocal folds so start by just like clearing your throat like just go like ah he's very good at that yeah he's got a lot of problems, you're, really good and and then so just like try and keep doing that and then try and like there's a tone in there and, like think of, like making motorcycle noises like yeah, so you're trying to sing uh. So that's like a regular note right, it's more like you! Take them don't see anything just cough just do what you've been doing it's in there, it's so beautiful. What what else can I do? I I feel like I've reached the peak of understanding. I feel, like I've, understood mongolian throat, singing they're, saying it's gerd opera [Laughter], that's funny yeah. How do you feel about being characterized as gerd oprah? Well, I mean I actually do have a little bit of gerd myself. One time I went to the hospital boys nerd gang, so am I yeah it correctly so that that is normal singing? Oh, it is don't try and sing a note. Don't try and sing a particular note just try and I'm not elongate that coughing ah yeah, that's it! So how do you but like how do you breathe? If you want to keep the note going, we just have to breathe. It just takes practice to do it for a long time, because I don't know how to it would stop. Yeah you'll feel a pressure in your throat and it's it's like. You saw how constricted that guy's throat was doing it right. The larynx is really constricted, so it'll feel like a lot of pressure and you just gotta like kind of force that air like trying like you know when you um, it's called a glottal stop when you go like so try and like feel that same sort of pressure when you're doing the throat singing [Music] yeah- that's really [Music] but wait. I feel like this sounds better. When I go like, why do I have to do it like I'm choking? Now? Maybe I don't know exactly what you're doing, because that sounded really good. Try that again, whatever you did in the end like you pushed more air through it and then it the tone chain. Oh there, you go something's been diesel. Now, oh talk to me. That is baby the technique. So then you just gotta like keep doing that it'll your throat will start to hurt at first. So then stop when it hurts everyone's trying to get home everyone's trying to help so make sure you don't hurt your throat trying to stop and come back 10 minutes later um yeah women can do it. There's no reason for you to not try it too good, [Music], yeah I'll, keep the tone going and then you you, okay, go ahead. Um talk to me baby! That's a good question! Wow! All right! All right! Thank you, dublin! Dublin! Thank you! So much! You are a road. You are a throat you're, congratulations! Man thanks! So much for having me on thanks man. I appreciate you thank you doug for calling yeah. I want to see my girlfriend and I have loved your content for many years. We love teddy fresh, so yeah don't stop. Thank you. Man appreciate you love! You keep going congrat keep get that phd dude, bring it in yeah, bring that throat thing into the world all right! God bless. I tried to do it for a second and I just I immediately started it hard to throw yeah it's horrible. Oh my throat's been through way worse. I guess he was right about [Laughter] that whatever I feel like that yeah that guy's got a talent all right y'all, you guys know. We talked about 90 day fiance a lot now I don't know how many you, how follow? How close you guys follow, but there was one couple in particular that was like such a [ __ ] show. His name was um colt, culty called t and larissa and he's like this big goofy uh dude, who went and got a girl from like columbia and she's, a total hot [ __ ] mess. This is them okay, you may remember them from 90 today, oh and he lives with his mom who's like super possessive, here's him and his mom and she's like controlling his life. They have the same, a bank account and loretta's his girlfriend's, like I don't understand why larissa is like you have to share the bank account with your mom and she the mom was like making him choose between him and her and she hated his mom. That was the best. The best couple yeah you guys at home, probably remember: she's got so much plastic surgery. Now it's crazy. She just did she had the lips and stuff and she just did boobs and nose at the same time, yeah she was. She was at the doctor and she goes fake as pos they go. What do you want? Your boobs look like fake as possible. Apparently that's the thing now. She's also uh. I feel like that's a new trend like to want the boobs to look fake, because I remember when they were working really hard on making them look. Natural yeah the doctor was like [ __ ]. We worked for 20 years to make them look natural. What zack um she actually recently she's a cam model now like uh at home, cam pornstar. Well, congratulations to her. She uh she made a hundred thousand dollars in one hour, wow everyone on the one on the website dude, I gotta start killing my butthole online or something because like there's so much money and just only fans type of content, you know you already put it out there for free on twitter. You know what this, what they? What's that saying, and it's very chauvinistic. So please forgive me the difference between a [, __ ] and a [ __ ], a [ __ ] gets paid for it, so I'm a [ __ ], I'm just god, I'm just trying to say I'm a [ __ ]! Really I I didn't make up the saying, because, okay, whatever I'll move on [Laughter], I get you ethan yeah. Thank you no problem. It's way worse than it has to be. Oh um, someone is saying teresa did say you go where the money is. So that's true. She did say that well. Well, I would way. Rather, these girls be making the money than like these [ __ ] psycho, porn industry, big shots, who are like the people who earn points porn sites generally from what I've seen are like the sleaziest people in the world. So the girls are now making the they're getting rich, making money doing their own thing, and that's awesome. You know so anyway, guess who's on only fans not larissa [Laughter], it's [, __, ], coltie colti, is on only fans. I can't I gotta. I gotta find the uh. Does this guy this guy right here he's on only fans? Okay, now zach went in there. Zach is our resident porn scooper? Yes, I am. How much did it cost it's 25 a month wow and did you were you able to beat off to this way? No? Okay. I have to ask no, I have to ask, and did you find that you got your money well spent. I mean you've seen them. What do you think? I'm asking you um, I think for the the humor aspect of it 150 now, there's a real well here. There's a real question at hand here. What okay hang on? Let me pull these up. The question is well at 25. You have to assume that what you're seeing here is serious right. Let's see here, he says the man the myth, the legend, having appeared on a record-shattering amount of television record shattering. I really doubt that colt johnson has become an international icon beloved by millions now, for the first time, only you'll get a deeper look into his private moments and get to know him on an intimate level. You'll never forget by the way he lives with his mom and like a duplex, I just love that he's, like beloved by millions. The legend record shattering he's just in a duplex with his mom in las vegas, but I don't know if he still lives with him yeah. He does you think. So you think she would support of this. I don't think she [ __ ]. I do what do I know they're. So weird yeah yeah, I think so he makes the money. So here's a here's. This is the kind of thing you get for 25 a month and again it's like. I just can't tell if he's, if he's serious or not but like you have to assume he is if you're charging what's in the shot like the dark, this, the beverage. No at the bottom. Oh good question, good question: oh it's a cat! I see the cat here but, like anyone can make money on only fans. Look at this [ __ ]. Are you [ __ ]? Are you serious right now bro and he's sure to get the feet in there too? Good good, good good? I love the tan stinky what'd. They say the tan stinky part yeah. I tapped that I don't know about you either, but I'd [, __ ] ride that man I used to. I watched this [ __ ] season and now to see his ask. Some only fans is truly a trip I mean here. We go george costanza baby. Can we show this it's a man in underwear? Why not? Okay, I mean it's just a guy in like a swimsuit, true, this one he's wearing it, but like this, like look at, I mean tell me what the [ __ ] am I supposed to think about this whoops hang on. What am I supposed to do with this? You didn't jerk off. No people are asking. If we're allowed to show these so yeah, we have to go down. We headed to what, because it's I mean we had a debate about this paywall content yeah. I think so I mean well promoting it's commentary like you can comment on things behind a paywall yeah, but can you show it that's different than commenting on it? Of course you have to show it to comment on it. Well, I don't know: can you review a movie dan sure movie reviews they don't show the movie they show clips of the movie. Oh, that's true! Oh fair enough, I mean I'm not sure, photos these photos debate and then why are you coming on here playing like prosecutor me yeah well, and the chat's talking about it yeah but come on here. You guys didn't back me up yesterday, what'd you say yesterday, oh yes, I was saying. I don't think we can. Oh, my god, you guys are really going to do this now. I think we can do it. Well, that's not what we already did so there you go. I think I think I think what matters is that you don't show all of them and that you provide a necessary commentary, which I think we've done, and here I would definitely jerk off. I love how much whipped cream is used. He's got great fupa too yeah really nice. So there you have it. You guys ruined the bit here. Let me look at the all the other ones and then just decide if there's, if there's other good ones, to show, because this one like this one here super weird like. Why would he include this he's just doing like crunches daddy chill? Oh my god? Oh, my god, all right, you guys have seen enough yeah. So there you go. I mean if you're interested in his only fans. Oh here's, my favorite part, you guys he has an amazon wishlist bro. Do you understand what I'm saying on his own so that his sims can buy him [ __ ]? Well, maybe we should buy him some stuff yeah. I was thinking that I was support, not supporting so wait here. Can I show this on the screen? I mean I don't think, there's anything wrong with this. Did you open an incognito or something because I don't know here- let me open this in incognito, so that people don't hack me his amazon wishlist yeah. But I guess this is something a lot of like e girls. Do they are? I don't know I don't know who does this? I think just e-girls where they have like an amazon, wishlist yeah. Well, he's not a girl. Well he's an e-boy he's an e-boy. So let's look at his wish list because it is pretty captivating stainless steel table heavy duty, commercial kitchen, prep ware. It doesn't say how much it is on this yeah. It does 134 dollars. No [ __ ] me wow how about a beetlejuice the complete series? I love it dvd set the the cartoon from the next wait. Look at the next one: um portable wood, fire outdoor pizza, oven, 300 bro. What are you gonna do with all this crap? Are you serious I put like groceries? I feel like a bag of rice thing existed, a portable peach element yeah it's on his wish list. You know what I mean it should be like bag of goya beans, 20 pounds like let's stock up, you know, let's get some useful, [ __ ]. It's great, though isn't it. Pizza is actually very nutritious. Wait how many pizzas holy [ __ ] dude? What is he has no pizza experience? Let's see this is a mop, a bucket floor cleaning system with two extra refills see that's what I'm talking about. Let's get useful here. Let's get you something so funny about this random, like everyday objects being related to only fans like so not sexy, groundhog day on blu-ray uncle buck, the wolves of wall street. Well, what do you want to pick him up? We should buy him. I love the spin mop. I think we should buy him the mop. Definitely it's a lot of movies, bro, okay, chill jesus! I mean the the pizza oven is like a big I'm not buying his ass, a 300 pizza, oven, he's never been in the pizza. You know what I would buy it for mila, but I know he'll never use it. What he'll never use it. He put two of them on the list. That's all about it. Do you think he's a pizza guy. I mean I think you should write from one pizza guy to another, I'm not gonna. Never, I would never play pizza for [ __ ] sake. You should get him the chuck norris dvd pizza recognizes pizza. Really I was thinking uncle buck. Okay, let's buy him. First of all, let's definitely buy him the mop yeah, but let's buy off school yeah. So add that I'll add the mop and let's get him. You guys think we should get him uh uncle buck. You guys were thinking uncle buck, yeah, yeah yeah. Oh the table. The table was expensive too: wasn't it 140 bucks? Well, we could just buy him the table, I'm prepared to do that. Well, we got to get the mop too table in the mock table in the morning. [ __ ] the [ __ ] up. So if he can't come yo, you guys can't complain anymore. Like about this. Only fans, [ __ ], we're about to drop 200 on the table. [Music], my bank bro all right. Let's get him we're gonna buy him. The table. We're gonna owe him that was like some of the greatest content on television, the season with him and larissa. Oh, it's like a tip for for ruining his life, for what I didn't ruin his life. But all right, let me add it to my car- I'm going to buy it right now because I don't want to say I'm going to do it. His mom was taking the pictures and show the rest. His mom took the picture. Oh god, you're right, his mom took the picture yeah! That's from the chat! No, it has to be that. That's what happened all right! So I'm adding the cart right and yes nick. This is where your membership money is going, I'm adding the mop [Laughter] and then you guys said I'm a member. You guys said what what else and it's going to be. The bucks actually not available ooh robocop are waiting for all buying, see I gotta get in the matrix. Now I gotta buy some aftermarket uncle buck all right here, uncle block, no I'm not buying this [ __ ]. I don't like buying from weird vendors. All right. The the table in the mop is plenty the table and the mop guys don't be greedy all right. So let me see what's in our card here, okay, we are looking at 180, 180 bucks, h3 out of context, said his mom put the whipped cream on probably as well. I think he's right, I mean well he well, oh no! Oh, I don't know my login dan. Do you know the login for the? Can you come type in the password? I have to buy it now it's important for for your amazon amazon. It says h, it says it's the podcast one! Oh jeez, do you know the password? I didn't even make this one. I don't it's it's we have to do it live otherwise, we'll never do it. It's true I'll. Do it right now? That's true where's the list: okay, either you're on it. I just want to see the confirmation so that we can prove that we bought it. Where is our document? In the meantime, I will move on yeah move on okay, okay, some donations, real quick! Yes, please! Please, please, please all right! Can someone send me the link to his uh attendance? Somebody send it to her on the discord: yeah, okay, cool um, yeah, uh donations. Let's see, let's see, let's see, uh, let's see 50 donation from jacob, I'm a former military police officer and decided not to pursue a civilian police job because of today's injustice. Okay, thanks for helping me through life, well you're welcome jacob stay, safe, uh. Thank you, brother. Let's see um simpleton donated 50 uh dkk. I think that might be danish. What is a chrome chrome? It is chrome uh, please don't do more videos with trisha she's, obviously just using you for exposure and is the least interesting person I have ever seen, and that is definitely not happening simpleton, but thank you for watching what the [ __ ]. Well, I appreciate the concern I love making the show with her and uh. We will continue until it's a hit too it's in one of us either one of us is killed by each other. Her most likely will do the murder all right. Has anyone actually died from corona [Laughter]? Why is it it's asking me to put in a shipping address? Isn't it supposed to be like it's his wishlist? It's supposed to know what the [ __ ] go to your car. You can't check out. If I go check out yeah, then it's asking for a shipping address. Maybe it's just a receipt or hmm what well, because you don't? They don't want to give you his address right, there's no way to just anonymously shift. I don't want I if this bucket and table comes to my [ __ ] house, so I think he wants you to get the address from him because he probably doesn't want to lick his own address, but that's how the wish list I thought the wishlist just anonymously. Sent it to him. Does chat, know how this [ __ ] works. It says some amazon customers have allowed us to share their shipping addresses with third-party merchants a b knows what what is it baby yeah it's supposed to be anonymous like yeah once you make the purchase, I just did it for my cousin's baby shower thing. So why is this? So? Why is his wife? Maybe he configured it wrong. That seems here. Let's let someone else yeah all right. Somebody else will figure out in the meantime, uh braille 20. I demand h3 staff play among us and stream it I keep hearing about this game. I haven't played it. Have any of you guys played among us. No, it's very popular. I see it everywhere. It's like a collaborative like whodunnit game. I think yeah it's one of you is- is uh secretly uh, like sabotaging everybody. I played a bunch of board games that have the same concept: um, where, like one person is randomly selected to be like the evil one and nobody knows who it is, and the whole game is figuring out which one of the people is uh sabotaging. I don't know I'll look into it. Maybe that could be fun yeah. It could be fun to play that together, yeah uh, claire 23, hey ethan and ela. It's my 23rd birthday. I love you guys in the gang your episodes truly bright. My day, hashtag gerd gang happy birthday, claire, happy birthday, claire claire, claire claire, looking for some other big ones. Uh everything moves too fast. I don't know if you want to move on, I can get some more later. Okay, here's a channel called gaston bro, it's called gaston all right, need, I say more uh no need! I say more to you all right here. Right now get [ __ ] gassed on bro. It's called chick blast, farts and leggings. What the [ __ ] is that get gassed on haters [Music]. Wait, don't don't sound bad. That was that here. I just want to read the comments because I think maybe it's too graphic to show. So I just want to let you guys enjoy the sound of this. This is what you're, seeing and I'll read the comments. Those moans after she lets loose are so sexy. Oh, we have. We have a time stamp here. Let's see what it is. Oh yeah, that's that was a good one [Laughter]. I dedicate my life to being her underwear right now I lost it. I think I want to marry this woman or you want to hear where he lost it. 4 10., some, I don't hear distinct. I love how they timestamp their favorite farts. Isn't that epic they're getting sick? Who else? What do they mean lost it like jizz? Are they just like? Oh I'm, an ecstasy. Let's hear 701, let's see! Oh, that was good. I lost it bro. How do you prepare for a session like that? That's a good question. Well, some people, some people can fart on command. I had a friend growing up who could fart on command that he could suck the air in his [, __ ] and then fart yeah. I swear to god. It's like that. Dude will the farter on howard exactly look at those pillowy, gas-filled cheeks. I think the cheeks are full of gas. I don't think it works girl girl. I hope you feel better. After all, the flatulence someone says mute the video and it's just a girl randomly flexing her butt I'll pop a light pop you into this kind of thing, listen to everything. We got a hole in 3 45.. I mean it's funny, because each one doesn't seem very distinct from another, but I guess they all have their own. Oh, no, my diaper is leaking. Where is that wait? Where did you see that? Oh no, my diaper leaking? Let's click! Oh that's! Hot! Let's see what mark's up to it's not mark warren. If you're out there you sick, [, __ ], don't leave comments like that, so that was gaston. Oh this, I forgot to say men of culture. We meet again. This isn't really for men of culture. This is for men of uh. This is for barbarians. Frankly, yeah saying zach probably likes it. Okay, good question: zach, [Laughter], farting um. I mean I'm down to try anything. I've never experienced that so wait, you're down to try it well. The feds are not grossed out when you watch it. No I'm not grossed out. I don't I'm not grossed out as much as I think it's funny. If I was in the room, I would be grossed out yeah, but these guys they like to get farted on their face. That's the fetish! So zach. Would you let a girl blast on your face again, I'm willing to try anything so weirdos, it's not a no from zach yeah, if you're, horny, okay, okay, let me let me challenge you to this. Some dudes like being [ __ ] on. Would you try to have a chick, [, __ ] on me, yeah like on my face or like your chest? It doesn't matter yes it does. Then it. I don't want [ __ ] on my face on your chest: uh yeah, [, __, ] it. Why not? We love you zach! That's the next level I'm willing to try and I love him for it. You got to try everything once right. No, don't forget you don't have to drop everything guys, don't kink! Shame exactly my thing is that, like I know I well, I guess you never know, but I feel like I'm almost certain. I would not like someone [ __ ] on me. That's horrific! I mean I feel like you can know. I feel like I know, but you never know zack's right. You never know. I guess you never know until you try it it's fresh ela. You know what that means time to [ __ ]. On my chest, [Laughter] I got the shittiest in the room. So anyway, this guy put together a um mega compilation because there's like so much down, there's so much down time between the farts. You know so this is just cuts right to the chase. Oh, my god read the comments. It says we need more girls like this. I nutted so hard. We can hear 125 farts in 77 seconds, so I counted them. Those aren't just parts those are shards and then but wait with smut with love eyes. [Music] literally my fart. You wish you had parts like that. If you listen them really slow, they sound so beautiful part of me all day. Baby guys play the video in times too good idea. Let's try that oh, let's play let's try it in times too. That sounds like a funny idea. Don't you guys love after dark? This is the best [ __ ] show man amazing yeah. Thank you to all of our members by the way who make this possible really. Thank you guys. Okay, ready here we go [Laughter]. Are you getting hard? Oh yeah, totally [Laughter] one person had to mute the podcast all right, wow come on. I know seriously. This is what we're here for the [ __ ] [Laughter]. Are you want to get um anna-lysa on yeah, so annalisa she goes by anal, apparently I'll go anal. I guess it works. If her name is anna-lysa, it's analisa because she goes by anal on discord. Apparently so she works at a supermarket and had a real life encounter with a karen. The women refused to wear a mask. [Music] tried to break the covet safety plexiglas. They were training new staff. The woman tried to stick her head through the slot where they passed money and cards and grabbed the new staff from the cops showed up. Wow, fascinating uh, bringing her in right now, yeah, yes, yeah! Okay, can I see you on the call just a little one, anal hello? Why are we? Why do we call you anal um? So yeah you, you know my real name is analisa but um back in elementary. I used to get made fun of cause. Then that word was in there, but, like you know it's kind of funny, so I'll just go with it. Do you ever sell your parents, like? Did you guys really have to give me like put anal in the middle of my name? Honestly, my parents didn't even name me. My brother gave them the name. My mom wanted to name me natasha and my dad wanted to name me: maria victoria huh. How does your brother get the naming rights that seems unusual did? Was he punking you? No, he wanted a little brother, so I guess my parents felt like they needed to do him, some justice and let them choose my name. That's interesting! So do you ever [ __ ] to him about having anal in your name he's the only reason I realized it. That's funny! Well, uh um anna I've. You want to recount your story. It sounds pretty crazy. I read the synopsis here right before you joined the call. So what happened on this fateful day when a karen came stomping into your supermarket? Oh, my god, I thought I was going to die um, but so let me just give you a little background because it's kind of like, if there's a lot that goes into it. So it's a it's a local supermarket, and this was my first job. I had already been there for a year now and a lot of the ladies that are more experienced that they've been there already. They work in the mornings, and so they put the noobs at the night time. So there's this um older lady, that's been there her name, we're gonna, just call her theo. She kind of just gets away with everything and she's, not a really nice lady, so we got a new trainee and she was kind of treating her like trash in front of the new like customers or just customers in general, so the trainee was kind of like dude back off I'm trying. So it was my turn for my shift and I come in around like four o'clock so because she was having trouble with theo. They moved and trainee with me, so it was going pretty well for the past three hours and then all of a sudden we're all empty, because I'm working through quarantine- and it just gets like this lady runs in stomping up a storm goes to multiple aisles grabs, a bunch of [ __ ] and she comes to my register, even though the one closest to the door is empty and nobody else has anyone. It's just my register with the trainee. She's got nominations. No, she walked in without a mask and and all the boys that they watched the the front door and they cleaned the carts. They were trying to get her in. They were trying to get her out, but she didn't want to listen so she kept on running. That's why she ran in, because we don't have the doors closed so eventually. I guess they started to call the cops or the security that was around, but they weren't there yet so the lady gets to our register and she starts to throw like chips and peanuts like at us from the side where the conveyor belt is open. Oh hang on. You got to mute me in the back, because I can hear myself where's she getting so she's opening chips and peanuts and throwing them at you and buying the cash register she's just throwing them at us like as if it's nothing, I'm here wondering what the heck happened. How did you know I'm curious about when she, when she slammed her head through the glass? I was so scared. So finally, she like stops throwing everything and she comes up to like the place where you can kind of like there's a hole where you put the card and you give the cash and she sticks her head through there and starts trying to spit, and so I backed up with my trainees. Oh no, I backed up with my trainee and she got so pissed. She started banging her hands on the plexiglas of the um yeah, the zombie karen yeah. I am legend karen. I don't know if you recall, I swear, she looks so angry, like her veins were popping out, and why was she specifically targeting you guys? So I didn't find out this till after we closed the store, so she's, the daughter of the lady that was training the new girl, so younger girl, yeah. So pretty much that phone call caring came in because she was pissed off that the new trainee stood up for herself and that she was disrespecting her mom, all righty, weird, fantastic and the police came up. They arrested her and uh yeah. They took her away, she's not allowed there anymore, but the thing is is that she literally tried to go around the register and by that time the security was already walking in and they could already understand what was going on. Well, I hope that my children respect me as much as she respects her. Mom theo is going to go psycho on her behalf. I really expect theo to go to war and spit on people and throw [ __ ] at people for me, and I expect you to do the same for your mom. Okay, oh yeah, that's my mama! Nobody talks about it! Yeah right! Thank you! Annalisa god bless. I'm glad you're safe, get you got tested, you're clean, I'm clean! My brother works in the medical field, so we try to test as much as possible. That's good! God bless you! Thank you for the call. Thank you so much guys. I appreciate it bye them karen. You know, there's a there's like prop there's like uh propaganda. That karen's are, I think, we've talked about this, but I've seen people tweeting like the whole. Karen thing is just an excuse for people to harass white women- oh boy. How do you feel about that? I don't know that. I agree, but though the women are the ones harassing everyone yeah. Well, I guess I mean so they're in their mind. There's like everybody's filming, every white woman, walking around expecting them to have a caring moment seems a little outrageous yeah. What did you just link me zack? We are that picture is now live on. Wikipedia [Music], yeah dude my feet. Look good, eh dude, who who's going to doubt that rating those are clean. That's a great promotion to our show. I wish it was written bigger than wikipedia oh they're, so funny man, I love how quick they are. Can you guys get me to seven? I don't know why the [ __ ], I'm I mean what the hell do. I gotta do I got it. I mean we're pushing it further than anyone ever did so eli kept telling me to bring my water butt. I didn't. I know uh real, quick, uh, a 100 uh, but I it says a in front of I'm assuming. That means australian dollar 100, australian dollar donation, uh from spooky uh. I had a story about having to be coveted after being held hostage at knifepoint by my housemates spitting, meth dealer. On my tram. I don't know if I'm saying that right this last wednesday, just a fun thought love your content, been watching since the rocker wow, since the rocker, I'm assuming that means like since, like they were a baby, oh really rocker. Maybe it's a turn of phrase in australia that we're not familiar with since the rocker. Exactly I've been watching since the raqqa. Thank you, man, peace and love, peace and love, australian right there, that's good money! Thank you! Dude cat puff uh eel. I can't stop looking at your new haircut. It looks gorgeous. It's been a huge yeah, [Music] yep yep yeah, your hair looks [ __ ] bomb dude. It feels nice to finally do something a little different. I was getting so bored with dude. You look cute as [ __ ]. Today. I told you that in the morning, but I gotta take it all in. Thank you. Damn girl what the [ __ ] [, __ ], I like the headband, I might bring it back, I'm going to tear that ass up. I told you to talk to me, nice ethan, I'm sorry! I forgot I wanted to play this at the top of the show, but I totally forgot you guys, saw the dispatch dispatch whatever you know what I understand. I said it wrong and I don't even I don't even care what the real one is all right, so [ __ ], the hd broadcaster. Let me go back. What is it? No? What is it? What just tell me what it is? Don't laugh at me despacito you say like garfield or something I wanted to help you all. You have no idea what you were saying all right. Well, here's here's! The box! I just have one thing to say: hang on here, hang on here: you're listening to the hp podcast. What we got on the scene can't get invited to build them. [Music] bro! I can't get over the fact that he did that it's so funny so funny. I just have one thing to say: [Laughter], okay, so we listen. We watch the fart fetish. Okay, here we go here we go now. You guys are familiar with this and I know you guys are familiar with this. What are you familiar, my friends with this there's nothing funnier than someone you know like [Music], then like healthcare, people, [, __, ] up, you know what I mean because they're they're supposed to protect you man, but this guy really [ __ ]. Oh it's horrible yeah that actually looked really painful, you're safe! Now we've got you. We've got you you're, safe, sir we're at the hospital. We've got you, sir you're safe. Now you can trust us we're at the hospital. Hey, there's a clip of um of uh ambulance where they forgot to seal the back door and uh someone and he comes rolling out. Can you find that one I'm liking yeah, that's brutal man. Why did it tip like that? I mean I don't feel like they didn't. Was there on the side you can see, but why? Why did this happen? Oh this, I guess you're supposed to have one front. One and back- and this guy was just free balling. It dude that corner super hard. Bro he's like we've got you, sir. I will get you urgently up there. [Applause] bro. Do you you can you can never work in the medical field? Again, there is someone there they're, also saying it reminds them of the helicopter rescue one, but from the simpsons. No, no, the one where it starts. Spinning [Laughter] right. I don't know why it's just something hilarious about the people who are there to save you [ __ ] love yeah, but I really I'm trying to analyze this. They hit this guy, there's a guy pulling it and there's a guy on the side who [ __ ] up right now, they're. Well, I think it's this guy he's supposed to hold on yeah yeah. It's totally that good things are very, very stable. So what he didn't? Oh he didn't let go he just like. I mean he just let go of the thing he's like peace, we're good! Oh no, dude yeah, oh dude, dude, you [, __, ] up so bad all right. You found that one video uh I'm trying to find it right now we're looking for it. Oh what did starkiller? Oh, I think, I'm sorry. I was muted. I put in the discord automobile one of my all times that was really brutal. Actually, that's not the one I was thinking of, though oh that was brutal. A b [ __ ] [Music] that was so brutal. Oh just lock the door, you guys seriously helicopter yeah. Let's watch this one [ __ ] it we're in all the way. Now, meanwhile, someone find the one I'm talking about. Well, do you have any other uh yeah, it's a it's an ambulance taking off and making a turn on the street and the back door opens and the dude falls out. [Music] [Music], oh my god. How did this happen? We're here? To save you, sir? That was an old lady. Wasn't it I don't remember. I think it was an old lady, so why are they putting her down they're like oh [, __ ]? This isn't working we're here to save you, my ma'am [Music], oh she's, all crooked and [ __ ] [Music] stay calm. Man stop spinning [Music]. She did survive ma'am, stop spinning. You have to stay still man what the [ __ ] uh yeah. I feel obviously horrible for her, but you know look I might. I might have just dropped it in. It's got a big viral hog, uh, it's actually on firehog's page. I didn't even know that so watch it before I give the hog their [ __ ] feed. As you said, there's also another one I dropped in this one seems too new. I don't think this is. I don't think this. Is it it's pretty good, though yeah [ __ ] that this isn't it either, but [ __ ] it I'll watch it. This is a deep cut. What the [ __ ] zack yeah I mean it was similar to that it was similar. To that you know. I can't believe you guys can't find this. I feel like this. Okay, let me type something here: either talk um! I was just wondering to myself what's up with aien, because I feel like we haven't heard from him enough he's been pretty quiet today, yeah yeah. I don't know where, where this video went what's up y'all, oh, I think that's chicken bacon. I think I found it. Oh, what is that appearing? No, this is oh, that's you. I thought I don't know he's powering up. Well, while we're on the topic of of rescuers, [, __ ] up, there's one other video. I have to show you- and I think, we've probably watched it years ago, but this is probably my favorite by the way look. What's still on my home screen, you guys want to watch some some w sports tv, I'm logged in as you dan wow. Those aren't even like tucked up our ass or anything in seven million views. You know what I mean you'd expect more. Oh there's that I like it, this guy said just joined to remind you guys about the firefighter throwing fire on everyone around him. Okay, we'll watch that one too we're going all out, we're doing it all god, damn it. Thank you yeah! Thank you for that. That is probably the best one ever okay, so I was gonna. Do the um? The let's see where's here find that one I'm finding this one. I just put it in this way so put give me that one and then meanwhile, look for the one of the the guy comes out with the stretcher on a soccer field, and then he doesn't know how to pick him up right. What I'm talking about dan yeah yeah? This is the best the show [ __ ] rules, oh yeah, so they're giving some kind of demonstration gather round everybody for our fire safety demonstration. Hundreds watch a fire safety exhibition. Oh wow, we've even got like the narration [ __ ] get the route get close, get close, as you can sure bring in no space in the back. Nobody gets hurt, not yet there's too much. Why would you do this? Why would you do that extinguish the blaze? He just. Why would he do that? He's like I'm on fire, [, __ ], you [, __ ], you you're on fire too, there's too much fuel all the way, just sprinkles it on that one guy, just that one guy in particular she's like [, __, ] this. Why did he do that? It looks so perfect too, like some dragon ball. Z effect just tossing fire [Laughter]. Oh my god, it's the funniest thing ever [Music], oh god did you find that other clip uh? I haven't been able to find it now. You guys find that one. I know it's out there. I found a bunch of compilations, no compilations. If you got a compilation in a time stamp, not watching a whole compilation, it's like a whole compilation of soccer stretcher fails. Well, it's one where a guy lifts him up and he puts his head into his nuts a bunch of time because he doesn't know okay, I'll, look yeah I was trying I was. I should have been more specific. Oh my god. I've never seen you laugh that hard. It's so crazy! I don't know if this is the one, but this is good at this time stamp. Okay, let's check it out yeah. This is it I think yeah. This is this is the or actually I can't I don't know this. Isn't it this? Isn't it dude? What is he not strong enough he's like what is it? I think that guy's just quit his job. I love how he just dropped him. Oh I gotta watch that again yeah. I think he just quit his job. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, all right, he's too low on the day yeah, so this guy is holding all of his weight. This part is the [ __ ] best totally just quit. Like don't worry, you'll! Never see me again, oh my god. I found it all right! Thank god! Last one. If this is it, I'm gonna [ __ ] sing your praises bro yeah, oh okay, yeah! I muted it. Okay, wait! No! This one's special! I promise you he keeps doing it. [Laughter]! Oh wait! No! This is the one I was thinking of. That's the one. Those beds are like not big enough. [Music] wait the wait! This is the one I was looking for. Hang on, hang on wait. They only showed a moment of the one I like, hang on. You gotta find the full version of this one here this one right here, all right: okay, because they only did it for a brief moment, but it's way better than they did. Oh, my god holy [, __ ], oh man, you guys want to see a priest auctioning off lasagna while in a hammock sure sure x, someone could explain this or speaks the language that they're speaking so he's going crazy in the hammock. How do you logistically sell off shelf lasagna? Is this like a local thing and then you have to come pick up your lasagna, maybe maybe dude what is with that you're making fun of their language, zack, yeah, weird one eh! So weird, I was wondering if someone would have some info, but okay ela, some people say it's even funnier when you understand it. Well, it's working well, uh, translate it. Someone said it's portuguese. I can translate yeah, they must be in brazilian all right. So let us know what they said. I mean I'm assuming he's just like lasagna fresh lasagna tell us what it says: 10 bucks or whatever giovanni. How much would you pay for a fresh lasagna like that 10 from an auction? It's an option so here I'll put that on it ted. Can I get 11. from this setting in that room yeah, you know what is that I bet you it's bomb, those that [ __ ]. I can guarantee you bomb that room is kind of shady I'm not eating in the room, I'll, take it back yeah, but where was it made, doesn't matter it doesn't matter real, all right, I'm going to go pee! You guys watch this. Oh, I don't want to watch this. What wait? What oh, by the way? No it's not like weird torture or anything she! This is an eye cleaning procedure, apparently apparently they're cleaning, her eyelids, which is just odd and watches you okay, is that medical like it's like that? Oh that's it! It's like a uh yeah! You get your follow the rest of that clip, but it's not that it's not that much longer. They just do a slow-motion replay of him. I'm not watching that video! It's a great video! You want me to read off some more donations. There's a bunch more yeah: let's look at some donations: okay, uh! Let's see uh kelsey today is my dad's birthday, but he passed in march. Very suddenly, oh sorry, when I would drive him to the doctor's appointments. I would play this podcast and he always laughed. Oh. He was gert gang just wanted to send it to him. This uh just wanted to send this in his name, r.I.p gary k, r.I.p ripped to a real one. That's a cool dad right! There yeah! I'm sorry about that. Um this week was uh my dad's birthday too, and ethan's dad's birthday. So, oh shout out to all of you shout out to all the dads out there uh. We need a teddy fresh ex mac, demarco collab, please! I don't know if mark. Actually I would love that, but I don't know if mark, if uh, if mac is into it, I'm not sure yeah uh, you had thousands of people laughing out loud to themselves during the fight during the fire video and it was a beautiful thing. Please ela looks perfect lots of lots of nice comments about your outfit today. Um. Did you hear that? Is that what I thought it was yeah ethan is [ __ ], [ __ ], his brains out in a bathroom accident [Laughter]. I don't think it picked up on the mic, but uh [Music] someone's dad passed away and was a fan of the podcast passed away yeah and when they were driving to the hospital they would put on our podcast and he was enjoying it. So oh yeah uh 50, sorry to hear that from oni, much love to you guys from alaska, been a fan since your new york days shout out to oni. If you have time shout out tony shout out shout out, I'm very sorry about the the dad, the passing of your father. My name is gary gary gary k, that's my desert yeah! That's my dad's name and last name. Initially right yeah! I just realized that dad. Oh thank you! Jesus for you zach! Thank you talking about having somebody [, __ ] on you, yeah grip, gary for sure rest in peace rest in peace, man uh just one last one hey just want to. Let you guys know that watching the podcast has got me through some tough weeks and still does I'm very grateful. I hope you all have a blessed day by the way ila you're giving off major mia wallace vibes. Oh, I can feel that very cool, oh from pulp fiction fiction yeah. I love that movie yeah with the with the short hair. You want to do some heroine, I'm down to watch the movie with you, dude I've seen that movie so many times I feel like. I can't watch it anymore. Okay, I feel like I've seen that movie more times than any movie I've ever seen. Really, I feel like you watching some classics you want to watch me play red dead redemption. I just started playing that it's kind of fun. It's it's a slow start, I'm trying I'm trying to get it's one of those games where I couldn't really get into it at first, and so I'm just forcing myself through it. So my roommate played the second one yeah, the second, my roommate played it and played for months, and in all of that time I would come into the living room when he was playing it. I never saw him doing anything, yeah walking through the wilderness on a horse yeah. That seems like that's like 99 of what the game is. I mean that's kind of the same you you could say the same thing about like skyrim. I suppose so it's the same kind of game. Just oh. We got this translation from giovanni I'll go ahead. Let me open the video, so you can you want to read it. You know you're, probably better at it, so you read it. No. I want you to read it. I always mess up everything. I read hello. Look who you're talking to [Music] eli, you read it. I will give you the lasagna for 140 reyes. Actually, it doesn't make much sense lasagna. I would beat it myself, but it's kind of weird for a priest can't buy lasagna. I will give you the lasagna for 140. How much is that? How much is 140 reyes go? Gilma means spider, but it's also his last name come on. It's 25 what 140 brazilian uh real equals: 25, 25 and 21 cents bro, that is that's an expansion especially and for the setting they're in right, like I could see a list, an expensive lasagna in a nice restaurant. But this is not the setting for 25 dollars on so this guy is a priest. Why is he on the the thing? That is what I don't understand, this guy's so stoic too, like he's just he's like hey, don't [, __, ] piss off the swinging priest bro. You know what happened last time. Um. Do you guys want to watch? Explain this to me? Please, if you would anybody possibilities of how this happened? Go ahead begin now and just know it happened in russia. Oh my god, his head was cemented into a wall. I mean I can only guess that it was done in like he owes someone money something right like someone was being awful yeah that makes sense insane. That's a pretty epic, like mobster yeah they're, like you're gonna, get your head concrete to the wall. Well, here's what really? This is at least he seems like he's in good spirits when he comes out well, he's happy to be out. I have a theory. Go ahead, zach. I think he got so [ __ ] up the night before he stuck his head in wet concrete and it dried. No there's there's no way like what. Why is there? No, it's someone like some kind of mob someone definitely put his head in and then applied the concrete, because, maybe he's a youtube prankster get your head in this wall. [ __ ] by the way after his head comes out. Interesting to know is that there appears to be that his face was openly facing like the brick wall, because I see light ventilation. Well, that's the thing is he, but the point is somebody could see his face right on the other side of the wall right? Oh, so I guess regarding the hammock uh, this guy said here in brazil: everybody loves these things. We call them reeds or something. I love what it is dude. What is a reed get caught? Can we have them call in and explain what the [ __ ]? We talk about some people from brazil yeah. Can we talk to this guy? I want to know what is this read business that people love there um ethan? If you want, I found that uh soccer video. Yes, it's in the uh, just you did it man, you really [ __ ]. Did it it's just a hammock. I guess wait, I'm confused! Is it here. It seems like. Oh, the last one. Oh this is this the right clip. I can't see your screen um. This is the one we saw already it's the extended one. It should be bro. You see what happened yeah. I just I had like a little sip. I don't know what you sent me uh, a b yeah I'll resend it. I don't think it's the right! One yeah! No, it's not the right one, but I don't know if I should click the right link or what I am the highest in the room: hey yeah. I think why is that that you keep like? Is that it's some tick tock song bro? It's just stupid, [, __, ], it's travis! It's a travis scott song. It's cactus, travie patty! In the bun this isn't it uh a b yeah. I think it was a longer version of another one. Whatever okay, I was talk yeah. I was talking about a different clip. I think we had a miscommunication, but thank you very much. I failed you. No you didn't you didn't fail me. Don't say that you did great. We just had amazing communication. We are at an hour and a half. I think. So what are some of your favorite things that you still want to do? I'm finishing everything elo, I'm going all the [ __ ] way um, but one thing I do want to do is I wanted to say: I want to play a game every time we do after dark. We get one lucky caller, oh, who calls in cool and has one minute to make us laugh. Okay, and if they succeed they got a hundred bucks. I feel like okay, it's gonna be or just me just me yeah, because I'm gonna laugh at everything. Yeah just me. So if anyone, if you want to pick someone randomly from discord to bring them in on that challenge, let's do it. Then, and this time I'm really going to try it not like the last time dan or somebody can somebody uh yeah, yeah someone. You know that whatever someone wanted to make sure to compliment you too eaton and they said nice. Do you look good with the haircut [Music]? Thank you all right. I mean this is like a classic video uh. This is like shoe nice is this guy makes shoe nice. Look like a [, __ ] watch this silo. If you haven't seen it, it's a hornet's nest. Oh, why does it look so scary, exactly [Applause], you wanted him [, __ ]! Is that who you really wanted? You sure about that? [Applause]? Don't don't there. He is [ __ ], oh, my god! There he is there. He is what I want to see him swear off with shoe nice on something she would have eaten it. He spit it out yeah. So actually I think that you're nice shoe nice is a legend but who's he mad at. I don't know you definitely don't want to be on on that side. America. Can you uh? Can you queue up that song? There is an apple pie. Can you cue that up dan I'll find it there's in the line? I've got a medally, that's gonna work really! Well! That's america! Hang on you guys! This is gonna, be worth it! That's america to me, um mom and dad an apple pie, I'm having trouble finding the original. Do you know what I'm talking about? I don't know what song we literally just watched the exe of it. Maybe I have a link to it here. America, that's america! That's america come on nobody! None of you guys! No, sir nope! What I don't know what he does. We literally didn't. We just yeah. We did with the america exe yeah on this show. Yesterday, snap um, that's america, my keyboard doesn't even work, so I can't type bro. I cannot believe I can't find this. I'm so upset right now here it is there. What is it called? That's america to me? Okay, I don't have all the letters. Okay ready! Can we please do this. This is worth the wait. Okay, ready, [Music], I'm working on something. Obviously, oh, my god. This is so difficult. [Music] baseball games and picnics in july dude what the [ __ ]. We won't play the damn thing: fireworks and marching bands a prize that only freedom understands there. We go now we're talking. You wanted him [, __ ]! Is that who you really wanted? [Music] [Music] there? He is there. He is that's america, that's a miracle to be. This. Guy gets pegs for sure. Sorry what the [ __ ] [Music], let's go come on. Everybody sing along get it! That's america come right up, alfredo's. Looking over like what the lord can you get your [ __ ] together all right, I thought that was fun. That's america! We have someone that wants to step up to the plate, to try and make you laugh all right. So put a timer on. Let's put, let me put a timer on the screen. Is it going to be? Okay? If I laugh it's fine, if anyone else laughs, it's just me, but just like it's a hundred bucks, it's our money. So obviously you know you have an interest in me. Winning, who do you think will be the first to laugh at everyone all right here, bring them in okay, bringing them in now. Okay, so on? Okay, let me just say hi, first of all, hello, are you there, hello? What's your name, I'm colin, colin? Okay, here's how this is gonna work, I'm gonna! When I say start, you have one minute to make me laugh. If you win, we will paypal you or whatever 100 bucks. Okay, all right! Okay! Here we go ready. Uh! You have one minute, starting now all right. So I gotta tell you about this time. My brother closed down a pool in disney world because he went down a slide and, as he's coming on the slide, he has a. He has a turd coming up right behind him, falling down the slide as he's coming down, and I just look at the lifeguard that is, that is watching him and he just his just the look on his face dropped and the sudden I hear him start yelling everyone's got to get out of the pool, so tall crowded pool gets all thrown out and they had to drain the whole pool and try to clean it all out yeah. So I I tried my brother was trying to hide his face. So much like he was hiding behind me behind my dad and people trying to look around to figure out who did it, but it was just and just the rest of the day did he succeed. I mean I was close. You are pretty close, but I don't know. I don't know if that was I'm curious, okay, yeah! Let me see what the chat says chat did. Did he make ethan laugh or not? Would you consider that a laugh? Let's see, let's see what they think, I'm starting to see so wait. Your brother at disneyland went down a slide and turned any [ __ ] on the slide yeah. How do you sit on a slide? I have no idea, I just remember seeing him coming down and right behind him. There's just a turd right behind him coming down following didn't leave us did it leave a uh skid mark on the slide? No, but I wish I think the majority is saying you did well well, no, I'm seeing lots of names, yes, and no yes, and no yes or no it's about 50 50.! I it's got to be more definitive yeah! I'm sorry! Thank you because it was an admirable truth. It was fun. I mean. I think, that the thing is great. You see your brother, he [ __ ] down the slide and disney had to kick everyone out and empty the water yeah they had the they had to drain the whole pool out. Did you stick around and clean it off? I mean you stuck around and watched all that go down. My brother was my brother was gone. We had to try to catch up to him. So how do you know this all happened because I was, I was going down the slide and like and I was, and he went right aft and I was looking up and watching him come down, but how did you know they had to clear everyone out and change the water if you guys booked immediately because by the time, because I didn't realize he was gone? So I was sticking around and that's when I heard the lifeguard yelling to everybody that we got to get out and then we we walked past there like an hour so after and we saw the pool, was completely empty. All the way through. I see wow there's a good suggestion here that a lot of people are liking, give him 50.. You want to do like a half yeah, because you got to have really. Are we going to that people just want them? Okay, you know what you know. What we're going to give you 50 bucks. Dude, you got me just you got. You really definitely giggled there yeah. There was no I'm not going to admit there was a giggle giggle, but there was like some. There was no air exhaled from your nose, yeah all right that was jesus. Somebody somebody get somebody get this guy's info, we'll send him back all right. Yeah thanks for the great story, all right! Thank you for having me hey, don't spend it all on one travis patty, all right I'll! Try not to take care! Buddy appreciate it. This is fun. Should we do another one or save it, just special once per episode once a nap yeah? Let's do it, you wanna you, don't wanna overdo it. It's funny. I mean the idea of [ __ ] in a pool in disney, and then I think they have to kick everyone out and clear the water I mean I trained the pool drained the whole [ __ ] pool. I mean dude yeah. I knew what he was doing. He he picked a good story to try and get boop related um. Oh did you guys see this nadler? Yes, this is like the the this guy's, the uh minority leader in the senate, right uh, or is that someone else who is this guy schumer? Is the minority right so who's this guy? Oh well, he's just a senior democratic. I think he's a rep he's, not a senator he's a he's. A rep well anyway, watch this and try to guess what happened. This is a live broadcast part of this package, but part of uh, preserving our our democracy. With that, I'm pleased to yield to the distinguished chairwoman, people think he [ __ ] his hands. Yeah I mean what else could have happened, preserving our democracy to the distinguished woman, poor guy he's like bro, I'm live with nancy pelosi. I [ __ ] my pants, not a time to [ __ ] your pants now, but deepa is the chicken committee. Okay, there you go. I would prefer if the house of the, if the chair of judiciary committee wasn't [ __ ] his pants, while talking about how they're going to save democracy, I just wish that people in government weren't so [, __, ], everybody's, so old and like frail. I want someone with some like look nancy pelosi she's like [ __ ], almost 80., oh, but she looks amazing. I would never guess, but I'm just saying not her looks she's a badass yeah she's great, I mean listen, ela, I'm just saying: she's, old, yeah and dude just hold me just [ __ ] his pants. I don't know anything. I just want some young people in government is that so much to ask. I do think with that all the time that are happening and technology and social media taking over everything you do have to have a younger person. Thank you, yank. Okay, watch this [ __ ]. This is so weird. I mean it's just so weird. What happens? [Music] watch this. This is so weird what the [ __ ]. Did you say that no, she was not wait. You were looking. I was trying to read the chat. You better have a look at this. I've never seen anything like it. My whole life. Okay. What? What is that? I don't know it's like a mucus bubble, puke, alien, I've, never seen anything like it. It's like a puke. It's like a alien birthing out of his mouth yeah. I don't know, I don't know what it is. Oh, my god, I've just never seen anything like it. My whole life- oh, my god, ew dude, ew eel. You know I puked on myself. Once back in the day when I was um used to smoke, you saw so hard that you puked yeah puked, all over myself. I've been close before, but I hate it. I hate all that [ __ ]. Should I play america? That's america, that's america to me. I cannot believe that yeah it looked like a like a [ __ ] placenta, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, oh dude. This is something I've been wanting to talk about. I see this commercial on tv, all the [ __ ] time and it's the sleaziest biggest hardest sell ever tom. Selleck must be desperate as a mother for some cash because um this is crazy. It's a reverse mortgage, which reverse mortgage means. I think what it means. Is they pay you to own your house right, um, that's what it gets more like! You are taking the equity out of your house that you've built up over years. Yeah they pay you, they pay you right and they own as and then. As a result, they own part of your house, part of your house, but there's always like a weird caveat to it, because it's it's, it's always marketed to old people, and I think the way it works is like they. Don't they don't get any equity in your house until you die it's basically a way to like get money out of your house and then once you pass away, the house goes to them. Yeah sure it makes sense if you're like old and you need more money and you own this house, but you need to live there, so they say we'll pay you for equity of in your house. Essentially you probably just you probably sell them your house at a cut throat rate and then you get to still live there, yeah right, then, when you die, they take your house, okay, but the hard sell, listen to [ __ ]. This isn't my first rodeo and let me tell you something I wouldn't be here if I thought reverse mortgages took advantage of any right out the bat like right out the gate he's like listen. This is not my first rodeo, I will argue tom selleck. He was like famous when old people were okay, yeah he's the pregnant guy, yeah he's an actor and listen. I wouldn't be here if I thought this was a scam, it makes me very suspicious american senior or worse. I like that some way to take your home nope, it's just alone designed for older homeowners and it's helped over a million americans. A reverse mortgage loan isn't some kind of trick to take your home. It's not it's, not some kind of trip to take your home. That's a weird way to sell something. It's like it's like you're saying that it definitely is I like that, because I feel like if they described it, how we just talked about it. Yeah then you're like oh, but he comes right out and it's like listen, it's not a scam. He doesn't even explain what it is. Listen: it's not a scam, we're not trying to steal your home and I've seen this commercial. Like a like. I swear a thousand times. I don't even know where I see it, but at late at night it's gotta be cable news. Yeah all the cable news commercials are like this cnn and I'm always like dude, it's alone like any other. I have a feeling. The guy that, like all the moms, are yeah, have a crush on yeah yeah yeah. He was a magnum pi. If you I've ever heard wonder if he's got a mac, I wonder if he has a magnum p-e-n-I, it's like a cop show from like the 80s or late 70s or something he was huge in the 80s begging. You please parched. Thank you. Difference is how you pay it back, find out how reverse mortgages really work with aag's free, no obligation. Reverse mortgage guide, eliminate monthly mortgage payments, pay bills. Medical licenses call now and get your free info call. 1-800-747-4294. Other mortgages are paid each month, but with a reverse mortgage you can pay whatever you can when it works for you or you can wait and pay it off in one lump sum. When you leave your home when you die, that was once you can wait until you die and let your kids handle that yeah or let them handle the mess of dealing with us. Oh yeah, somebody in the chat, that's right. He was on uh friends for a while, although I think you guys are friends, he was what was he on. He was dating. He dated monica for a while, as like an older guy, it was like a whole line. I think I remember that discover the option. That's best for you call today and find out more in aag's free, no obligation, reverse mortgage loan guide, access, tax-free cash and stay in the home. You love, you've, probably been investing in your home for years, making monthly mortgage payments doing the right thing. Yes, and it's become your family's heart and soul. Well, that investment can give you tax-free cash just when you need it, learn how homeowners is this rock bottom for an actor? I'm back. It feels like a shame I feel like you could do way better than that. Well, they must pay a lot because you're out here being like it's, not a scam. Trust me your best friend tom selleck, because I played a character you liked yeah. They must be. This isn't my first rodeo because they probably wow good sound, but they probably needed someone like him. You know and he's still looking pretty good for an old guy. You know so yeah they probably he probably got a nice picture strategically, using a reverse mortgage loan from all those homes, they're stealing from old people. They're like yeah, we'll give you a cut five percent of all homes. We steal from dying all people, expenses pay for health care, preserve your portfolio. Please consult your financial advisor and tom. Selleck, meanwhile, is like trust me. I wouldn't be telling you please consult your financial advisor, I'm not stealing your home call us now and so much more look! It's just alone. It's just alone: I love the look. Here's our strategically using a reverse mortgage loan to cover expenses, preserve your portfolio, the fact they're actually sending physical media out to people. It tells you that so much more look, cursed mortgages aren't for everyone. No, but I think I've been around long enough to know. What's what I'm proud to be a part of aag, I trust them. I think you can too. I trust them so weird dude! It's like such a hard sell! Oh they're, recommending another one. You want to watch another one. The service might be fine, it's just such a weirdly. It's such a weird commercial, don't bring up that. It's a scam, yeah right out like immediately here, there's another one and he's like hey trust me, that's for sure, and when those changes might help more people, especially those in retirement. I think it's worth talking about. So aag is introducing a new jumbo. Reverse: let's go jumbos! You know you're a top roller. You got money in that house. Let's get it now access as much as four million dollars in cash four million dollars in cash, let's [ __ ] go tom, selleck, tax-free from your home's equity aag's new job mortgage loan, tax-free cash than ever before, find out more in your free aag. Jumbo guide call 18579 8274 new aag advantage. Jumbo gives you another way to effectively manage your retirement income sources. Tell me something: what other asset can give you that kind of tax-free cash right? Now he didn't. Do the whole. It's not a scam thing here. Unfortunately, I like that, it's just a loan. It's just it's alone: it's not fraud. It's just it's! It's not fraud! It's uh, false advertising! It's just alone someone! This isn't my first rodeo. What maybe someone said in the chat? I'd call it a hard sellick, a heart attack, genius, [Music] love; it love it exactly. They want the this. Is america's sound bite. How can you I can pull this song? That's america, yeah! That's a good call! All right! We've got one last thing on the docket here: mina mina. Let's talk to mina. She got a tattoo and commemoration of our podcast, which is basically, I guess, some kind of meme, which is like the worst tattoo ever with a bob blast and some flying um. Well, so yeah there's some context here, there's some context when we did the the bad tattoo uh rating, like the affleck stuff, you may recall there was one: that's like this horrible panther tattoo yeah, well, that tattoo has become kind of infamous in in the tattoo world, and now it's sort of a meme people get tattoos that are like a variation of that shitty panther and that's what this is too. Can you get me an album of uh yeah? It was in the dark, it must have gotten. I don't see it over here I'll, send it to you right now, uh, but anyway, let's get her on the phone. Shall we all right bringing her in right? Now? That's america, hello, hello! Is this mina? Can you yeah? Can you hear me I can hear you nina uh. Why would you do this to yourself [Laughter]? You know what I actually really like that too. Thank you so much. I was. I was really worried that you specifically were gonna, be like brutal. No, I do it is really well done. It's really cool. I need the context I'm waiting for dan too, or someone to send me the contest, so people can see that it is. Do you have a lot of tattoos yeah? I have um a couple on my arm, one on my leg and I'm working on my chest right now. Do you normally agree with our criticism of the worst tattoos yeah? Actually I do. I usually agree the explanation behind it. I've been watching you guys for since, like I think I found you guys through the um. There was like a vape niche like snippet on instagram that I saw and then um from there. I like just watched all the content, and then I started watching the podcast and whenever you guys started the um, the bad tattoo segment. I kind of got this inspiration from the sucky panther, which is the original design where's, the original one dan. I wanted to make you oh so here I want to show the original, so the story is that it's called sucky. Panther is that what you said, yeah yeah and so apparently some dude got a panther and it was sucky, as the name indicates, and now everybody is paying homage, but actually, if you pull those back up, they're, not bad. No, these are good. It started a cool trick. This is the original one. This dude got a panther here it is, and so it started to trend it's like a whole meme. Now, there's actually even sorry, there's actually even one of um filthy, frank whenever he was doing youtube. A filthy, prank, shitty, panther, frank one: oh yeah! Oh you can you find that sure so anyway, this one is really good. Yeah um! Thank you. So much did you do the art. How did they? How did they do this yeah? So I drew up a reference for my artist so that he could um draw it in his own style, but um I wanted. Originally. I wanted the beanie king, but he said that he couldn't make it work, so you just put the one b, oh yeah, that would be wild while well. Well, you know what I'm so glad that you love it and I'm not just saying that. Well, I'm just flattered that um no go ahead! Sorry! Well, I just think it's fantastic that you're willing to uh allocate real estate on your body in my honor. It's pretty actually a funny story. Thank you so much, but I have a really funny story. Can I tell you real, quick yeah, so I went down there's a corner store near my neighborhood and I usually walk down there to go, get like candy for my little sister and I walked over there and there's a guy that works in the store that you know I've known for a while and um. I told him. I told him because we talked about youtubers and stuff, and I mentioned, do you know h3 and he went what did he say he said um I [ __ ] hate that guy down and shut me down. I like pulled down my sleeve. I was like okay like. Why did you get ready to show damn wait? Why does he hate me? I was so sad. You didn't linger for a conversation. You just bounced no, I'm like I get so nervous, so I just didn't even say anything you're like oh well, I gotta be tattooed. I know I didn't even say anything I was just like just being like. I [ __ ] hate that guy like what the hell did I do. I know I was like what he's a keemstar fan. Let me ask you this: was there romance, possibly until he said that? No, no, not at all. I feel like that was the beginning of a love story and then all this stuff I came between you. He just works at the corner stores. So did you still live near that guy yeah yeah? This was recently. This is whenever I actually had first gotten it done. Can we question like? Is there a way we could win his heart yeah? I want to get him. I want to interview, so I mean I didn't ask him any questions further than that, so maybe I'll like go over there and see if I can show him a video, maybe he said that he liked your old content. I was very offended. I was like talking about he's a uh he's a uh. How do you say a um disgruntled ex-fan? Yes, yeah well you're a real one. Yes, you have to be a fan for life. Well, I hope that I I hope I never do anything to upset you because you're stuck with this tattoo. No, of course I mean it is. It is right under my um, my armpit, so I can kind of hide it from everything. Well, I'll, try my best to do right by you, so that you can always wear that tattoo proudly yeah yeah! Thank you. I appreciate that and you go you go. You go, throw a brick through that guy's window or something all right. Honestly, I'm I'm about to walk over there right now in a video, yeah, yeah yeah, all right, mina! God bless you! Thank you so much. I appreciate that it's an honor. It looks great all right, god bless appreciate you! Thank you thanks man cool. Can you imagine hating me that much so you're willing to be like, like you're talking to someone, but you would usually be more reserved and be like I'm not a fan. You know oh yeah. I know him, but straight up I [ __ ] hate that guy, like damn. What like, how do I elicit that response in people? Like really am I that bad, not a good guy, he's probably one of those people that comment, oh, how the mighty have fallen, but even but okay, but even if you're like oh, he used to be funny and now he's not like. I [ __ ] hate that guy. Oh no, I know it's ridiculous. I just don't know what I've. What have I done too? He's a camera simp, I'm telling you yeah. She should go back and ask what he thinks about keemstar, I'm curious! Well, that's the show, never been a good guy keemstar. You know what I resent that I feel that I am a good guy. Hey keemstar, prove it well, I've done a lot of chair. I mean I gave away, prove it well. Let me explain. I've give I gave away a hundred thousand dollars of my own money by the way people like to forget. I did that I literally, that was a lot of money. I wish I had a hundred thousand dollars extra. My bank account right now and that was fake. You know we've done a lot of charitable things and prove to the internet right now, you're, a good dude um. I that's a tough one is that was that is that sound bite from keem talking about you or somebody else, is that directed at you? I think that's about mike, oh yeah, oh right, he was saying mike donate every cent you've ever made from someone prove that you're, a good guy and listen. I don't like either but mike, is actually a good guy. Who did something good? Here's the thing, here's the thing I don't like mike, but on a personal level. If I met him, I'm sure we would get along and he's a normal human being. I say I don't like him like uh, because we just had a little confrontation. He was kind of a douche, but on the internet you talk about each other and two people in a way you wouldn't in real life. I'm sure if I met him, we'd get along just fine. Keemstar is a [ __ ] douche. He is a straight up: [ __ ] piece of [ __ ], who spends his time with 17 year olds, okay, cool anything else, not true! It is true. You, you literally, you hang out with people like 20 years right, you're, you're you're, my you're. What is it sminer? Senior junior junior? Is that odd I'll probably get in trouble for what I just said. Are you actually arguing with a sound? It's a sound board? No, that's scream start. What are you talking about? I feel like you're actually getting upset. What are you talking about? Is he still in telepath mode, or did we ever get that figured out? What's going on? I have a few questions for aien. Go ahead. Yeah one is holy: [ __ ], oh [, __ ]. You gotta see ain right now, uh-oh he's in the [ __ ] matrix right. I don't know how this [ __ ] works. Oh aien's, in the matrix whoa ian. What's going on there ian sorry, I was downloading a software update. Oh good, your mouth is fixed. My mouth is working again. Yeah your mouth is back ian. What do you think about tattoos uh tattoo? Well, I've got a couple. Actually you do like you do not really. What do you have yeah? I got one that says: uh j y n c x x, one two, seven, seven, three, four: five: six! That's actually my serial number. Okay, that makes sense yeah. What's the other one? Well, I have another one that says: make and model. Just you know, standard stuff, warranty information on my ass, so you're pro you're pro tattoo, very pro, okay and a ian. How are you acclimating to living in human society? I know you were just booted up not long ago. What do you think about the human world now that you're living in it? Oh, it's a [, __ ] nightmare dude, I'm kind of with him. You know lucky for me. I really don't foresee it lasting that much longer right yeah! I, like, I think you guys, are on the back yeah. It could be for sure. So are you so if the world, if there's an apocalypse in the world ends and humanity, is wiped out, uh? Is there some kind of cloud that you'll be uploading, your uh your consciousness? To or do you just want to end it all? Oh? Well, I mean we'll sort of set up like a neural network of you know, meat sacks to harvest, and you know we'll go from there because you know we look at clips like this. That have been going on right and how can you see this and go like? Let's still keep you guys going, let's keep humans around. Look at this. This is disgusting. I mean he's wiggling around kind of falling over the robot looks kind of stupid, yeah he's not there. Yet, although they're getting better so creepy, so ian guys make us unable to walk and then kick us over. This is some human centipede, [ __, ] you're, saying this you're saying this is a hate crime that we're witnessing. I see absolutely right, a-I-e-n-d you, like um, do you like the new cyber truck that elon musk musk is working on? I mean it's a step in the right direction, sure, okay, sure, yeah and um, and do you get turned on by gas like when someone farts? Oh, I I mean I I well. I told you guys my story [Music] about that time in the blockbuster parking lot. No, I don't know, I don't think so. Well, I woke up in a daze and I had sucked off a nissan maximum. Oh right, right, right yeah. So I guess an exhaust pipe is somewhat of a are these robots here behind you more pets or mates for you. Would you say the pets? Don't use the word pet? Don't sorry! So what you would you would [ __ ]? One of these are these mates. Are these? How do you reproduce these are friends? These are brethren. Okay, you guys cleared [Music]. Now. Why would a robot need to clear his throat? It's a realistic like pack that you can download to make the robot more real. Why would you download it to make it more real? Okay, this is the dlc I'm trying to I'm trying to infiltrate aquamate. You guys mentioned the game among us earlier, I'm doing that in real life. Every day I am an imposter. What can we do to save these robots? I mean I agree. It looks like a hate crime. How he's moving the box away from him and kicking him and [ __ ]. I mean I agree. It is disturbing. Like look at that, I mean that ain't right, that's rude! Look at this end card, though this is boston dynamics, propaganda, yeah, no robots were harmed, get the [ __ ] out of here. Is that, like a new jersey, yeah, I don't know what yeah hey ian you're getting too comfortable there. All right guys cheers cheers. Thank you, everyone for watching! Thank you to the members who are supporting us so graciously. We appreciate you make this episode possible. Thank you to everyone who donated. We love appreciate you all so much h3 podcast is here to stay podcast forever. They said we never returned, but here we are week after week episode after episode, getting stronger, better, faster and, dare I say, even funnier than the last time- don't go that far even funnier infallible never to be canceled again on the uncountable ethan klein, that's right, hell, yeah! Now, there's gonna be clips. Now, every time I [ __ ] up people are gonna, be clipping that yep uncountable ethan said what am I gonna get canceled for next time, um robot, shaming, robot, champion very possible. Oh [, __ ]. I don't wanna get canceled again. The thing is that I just always trying to be funny and, like I guess sometimes just trying to be funny goes wrong because you're always funny and you don't need to try to be funny, I'm going to tear that ass up tonight, [Laughter] all right, guys, all right all right guys, thanks for watching we'll be back on monday with andrew santino, which is a fantastic super funny dude, I'm looking forward to that all right take care guys the best podcast in the world. Take it from me jc over chair, hp, baby. We podcast now you're watching h233 you're, watching h2333 you're, watching three h233 watching h to the three three three three. My drinks are made.