Three two: they said we would never return. They said we would never return live. They did say that yet here we are defying the odds. Yet again, in fact, I don't even know if I'm live if this is being broadcast, not really sure either so one way, oh here, we are, it does work and we're back against all the odds. Let me explain to you first, what is it that we're doing here? What are we doing and the h3 um after or ethan and ela after dark episode? One? This is the long fabled fabled third episode wow and it's a live episode, and basically, what we're doing here is. We are trying to have a fun, more casual episode where we're engaging with our beautiful lovely fans and our members uh, who will send us uh suggestions via the live chat and, via our members only discord. We have a just a beautiful conversation. You know there was a lot of debate if this would be available to members or the general audience, and I think that in these trying times, we're all ravaged by pandemic by we're all in dire situation. We are here to entertain and be a light unto this world, and so I say to the people this is for the people wow. This is for the people. Am I risking my career coming to you here live because you know I uh. The cancel potential is off the charts. This could be the first and last live stream. Well, we had a debate before we went live like if this is even worth it, because everybody's so scared of what I might do or say so we laid some ground rules which I won't say what they are, but we laid we laid some ground rules to try to control myself, but this is what we're doing we are here for the people. This is going to be taking place now every friday. So it's not members only yeah, it's for everybody. Remember the member member participation only is maybe the best way to say it. Yeah yeah, but but like to to say I do I love and appreciate the member support. It's so helpful at this time. When we're losing pretty much, I mean we're. We've probably lost like 80 percent of our sponsors and um. The direct support is the future of this channel. I think so. We really thank our members with that being said, welcome to ethan hila after dark. Why do we call it after dark? Because we pretty much guarantee that this video is going to get mature, rated, age-restricted and possibly even removed from the internet, because what we're doing here, I think, is fun is to usually when we make an episode of a podcast there's a lot of stuff we'll come across. That will say well. This is definitely gonna get age restricted, that's one of them. We say: well, it's not worth it the other one is. This is definitely going to get our episode, like uh suppressed for having really heinous heinous content in it or possibly even removed from the internet, and so what we're done here today is because we're being directly supported by members, we can show anything. I just hope we don't. Our channel doesn't get terminated. There's one video that I'm so sure will get our channel terminated that I'm not gonna, show it to you. I'm just gonna play the audio, so you can't show anything. There is a certain well this one's kind of like criminal, and I don't want to get him in trouble and I don't want to get a strike either. You guys will see it's the fabled ethan bradbury man on the street interviews and what's going on, I don't know if we should just how's the chat doing do we have any interesting, uh everybody's saying that they paid five dollars for nothing because it's public now, oh they're upset that it's public I know, but then everybody was upset that it was members only. So you can't win well, you could cancel your membership if you paid feel like you paid five dollars for nothing, it's actually. It's like two people that are just spamming. That's! Okay! That's you know what that's a perfectly fair feeling to have at this point, but what I would encourage you to feel is that you're helping our show continue by the grace of god and you are enabling content to exist for the unfortunate few. That cannot afford to pay five dollars and you can join our beautiful discord and communicate to us. It's a beautiful thing. Let's go ahead and get started and you guys just basically on discord. These guys are screening, calls and and comments and they'll pass it to me as we uh shredders going nuts. What is he yeah? Oh they're playing? Okay, I think there's a chew, that's so this is one video we've avoided watching because I thought it was like too violent. Just I don't know it's just it's so bizarre, but it's such an iconic video. But now as I as I look at it, I don't know that it's that bad, but we didn't, we never watched it because I guess the way he slams on the ground is kind of harsh, but this is one that dan dan you've been lobbying for this video for a long time. This is maybe my favorite video I've ever seen on the internet just hands down. It's got 15 million views on twitter, so a lot of people agree with you. So here we go what the is going on. What accent is that [Applause] [Music]? So we're gonna have to do like a taj, pointo slow-mo rewind. No, the rewind wait. Do we not have rewind rewind zach we've? Never we've. Can you get it yeah, of course, can you get it while we're live uh? I can try yeah again. I need somebody. Somebody in the discord has rewind time for you for sure hook. It up. I'm gonna sit here, silently until zach plays rewind time, great okay. So what happened? What I think happened is either he's on drugs or he's responsible for this flood and what looks like a motel right, but why is he covered in water? What was he doing? Wet man? I don't know, I think it's okay, you think he just clogged the whole complex because like yeah, he would have to be on the ground or or maybe he's just scared of water, and then he is awesome. He broke the windshield and he's like all right. Well, see you guys later with that one damn. What do you think happened? I I yeah, I mean it. He clearly broke a pipe in his hotel room and like it. It seems like it was like completely full. Somehow I I don't know like I just imagine like pipe and then well. They have you on record. I mean what is running going to do well, we haven't even made it to the end of the video at the at the very end of this video, the camera just pans over and the dude's just sitting on the car. Okay, five feet away. He just gives up, I think maybe he just is like water phobic. If anyone if anyone listening, has a theory, I'd love to hear it shredders on the table eating food, psycho dog, it's rewind time there we go attaboy zack go ahead, one more time, it's rewind time. Ah it is compliment of blizzard woofie one of our members. I knew that would come through one of our audio he's referred to as the audio drop sim. Can I get some eyes so is he just scared? I don't know no he's. He knows he's in trouble, but then he just sits on the curb where's he going yeah. I don't because why didn't you run he's just getting away from the water? No, what you did. Why did he stop there because he hurt himself? Do you think he hurt himself? Look how hard he hit the cement when he jumped? Oh, you think he's just injured yeah. That makes sense, because you can see he really. Let's watch that again here you can see. Oh, he gets up, but he's limping he's. Not all 100 he's like actually looks fine. I gotta say I don't know it's fine at first, but then, when it pans over copy video address, because it's on twitter [Music]. Well, there you have it the forbidden video. What do people think what happened? I saw a lot of people spamming, drugs and yeah chat is probably involved. I would have a hard time. Sprinklers went off. Oh, oh, that's! Definitely what happened! That's what I thought at first, but it's so much water like! Maybe they put, I guess! Maybe I don't know, do they actually, maybe smoking crack in this hotel room? Is this livestream gonna be up on the channel afterwards? Yes, omar? Yes, oh you're, asking a question from them. Yes, all right! Well, that's it um! I guess we'll never know. Honestly, rewind time, oh you want to watch it again. Will smith yeah yeah? Well, we've watched it enough. Maybe maybe let's move on wait. Somebody just asked in a super chat: ela is the beanie you're wearing. When do those come out? I just received a ted hoodie by the way and there was a red hair in it. Uh, oh red hair. What did anyone we know have read? That's strange: well, you can um email, the support, I'm sure they'll take care of it, but the beanie is a. This is like a sample so um, I think probably it will come out in about two months. People always complain that you wear all these fire ass on released items. The thing is that I like to wear stuff because it kind of gives me feedback. While I wear it, if there's any issues, so I kind of have to tease you guys, but I kind of get to see what people like too, based on their reaction. Yeah see how people respond. Did you follow this story about netflix they put out? This show called cuties yeah about little girls that twerk and it was and then what was what was really the seal of the deal was that it was tvm wait. That was the race only a show about little girls twerking. I didn't hear that part. A lot of people were upset about the campaign promotional photo that they put up. That's what I think it was a whole package issue, um uh, netflix, cuties, poster yeah. You can see it says tvm on it. Let's see uh here. Look, it says what does it say? Don't let me down come on now. I got I'm not seeing it. No, I swear. I saw it, dawg don't do this. Did you get trolled? Ah, no, I saw it hang on. It looks like I mean, that's pretty wild, that's weird! Oh then, that's not appropriate they're. So young, that's not cool. These are these are young girls? This is not appropriate. Conversation stop it. God is so beautiful. What do we do about this? Guy dude? This is just not okay. Vin is canceling. Are you by chance a executive of netflix vin diesel? How am I supposed to sit over here when I'm looking at such beauty? Disgusting? That's disgusting, I'm sick to my stomach! Stop it uh! Let's see! Oh, this was a nice little uh shout out to all the boys. Oh yeah, a little tick tock shout out to the crew who says who doesn't believe that any of us are date, rapists, [Music], the only youtuber man. I trust with my dreams. A lot of people in the comics were saying: maybe not zack, I'm just relaying what they said. Well, I think it was the meme because of the chris hanson thing. I don't think. Oh okay yeah, because with I don't want chris finding out anything so yeah. We don't give him any ammunition better hit that join button. There was one guy that said that he didn't trust me, because I'm too reserved and thinks that I'm hiding I'm hiding something well this photo. I definitely I kind of look like a date rapist in this photo, but I'll take it. I don't see that I just look angry and like would they rip you? I actually. I I find a lot of pop music through tick tock songs that I like that I would never have heard otherwise you're an official boomerang talk is our home. Oh finally, someone who understands me, okay, boomer um anything from the peanut gallery any calls, let's, let's throw it to a call. We got anything interesting. I see that we have a bunch of super chats that I guess we should probably read off something: let's go okay hold on a second scrolling up. This is all this is new people, so I'm sorry um getting used to it, brielle's even uh, for real ethan. What would happen to your moves? If you had one leg amputated? This is an ongoing discussion. Amongst my friends, my moves I mean I wouldn't have any moves. I'd have one damn leg up really well with a fake leg. I definitely have moves even with one. The thing is that I'm I'm not like trying to be self-deprecated or whatever, like I'm, just really heavy right now, I'm working on it, but it's a lot of weight for one leg. If I wasn't more nimble. Okay, maybe like you two years ago, I could bust a move on one leg. Do I have a fake leg? I mean you know, or is it just one leg? I think one leg. Oh, I was going to say the prosthetic, but I could see you having moves. Do I get crutches uh? What does that mean? Do I have something or like you know, like a support? Yeah crutches, you know crutches are right. Oh no, I didn't know that's what it's called. Yes, so do I get crutches or just one leg, one guy, just one leg, one gun I mean I would be difficult but sure I would find a way I couldn't possibly uh describe what it meant. Maybe on the floor, you could do this with the homer simpson thing where you walk in circles. You know I I don't know man, oh the the that's the curly. I think that there were oh, that's the curly, sorry, so I'm I'm not old enough. I knew I knew what you meant, though it smells good uh somebody paid ten dollars uh to show a shredder. Please that's ten bucks just to show shredder, I mean that's a pretty shredder, I feel, like sure, is being sex trafficked at this point like why. What because they're paying it's like hey, give me ten dollars and show me a titty or something? Oh, it's not your object to be shown uh for money right now. I don't know where he is he's busy he's a very busy man, peace and love, peace and love, peace and love. I'm warning you uh, no more of you with peace and love um. Should we talk, watch this tucker carlson segment on wet ass. I don't I just I love how angry people are all these never return! Oh, live. What is that they didn't say that? Yet here we are. Oh, no, it's a double sound. Did you open the stream? I think it's you either. I don't even know a phone, but it's the beginning, I'm not really sure either. I think you opened it somewhere here. We are me, it's not you! I didn't do anything wait. Why is there so many there's like 20? Okay, how long that wasn't going on for too long? No it just it just started, you heard it immediately come on dude. That's up! You guys remember when we did like a whole half an episode. That was my nightmare right. There I had like. I had the flashbacks. It still did pretty good. That was the weird part about it. People are saying I'm not again, flashbacks yeah, I know ptsd. So anyway, I mean look. I don't want to offend the conservatives, but you have to admit that it is funny how outraged these people have been like that this, like cardi b, making a song about her wet ass, is heralding the end of time. Think about it, hi shredder. We were paid ten dollars to put you on screen like. Would you put okay? How about this? You, let me put in other terms, would you if someone's like hey here's, ten dollars, put theodore on the screen? Would you feel comfortable doing that? Well, they are. They are always part of the show anyway. So it's kind of true they're, already kind of cast members right now, but yeah it'd be a little weird to pay yeah, I'm not bringing it. I would need at least 100 [Laughter]. No, I'm kidding don't donate, I'm not doing that um, it's so cute they're like living teddy bears. Can I tell you guys a story about how alfredo became sorry shredder, my favorite dog, so we were hanging out with my family the other day outside and it was super hot. It's been hot everywhere, but man. It was like this day when it was like 131 degrees in death valley. You know by the way, how can you even be outside in 130 degrees without not for long yeah? That's a good question. Tread you're licking my mic, so everybody I fell asleep outside it was super hot. I was dying. Everybody bounced everybody literally my whole family left me outside sleeping in this. In the scorching heat I woke up and who was there? Shredder even was gone alfredo was there waiting for me wow the only one and he was suffering too. I could tell he was antsy. He didn't want to be there and I woke up and was like dude true blue right there, alfredo gang for life yeah. So then some people are asking: how do they get on a call uh? So the way that we're gonna be doing calls is with our discord, and I guess I can just give because it's a little confusing just an instruction to anybody that wants to get in on the discord. What you have to do is once you're a member you go to discord and you go into your settings and go to the connection. Tab there'll be a thing for connections and you link your youtube to your discord once you've done that a little button will pop up to join the server with a few caveats, one it only refreshes, I think every half hour or something so if you just became a member, you might not see it immediately, just check back in a little bit, it'll be there and two. Apparently it's not there on the ios app for whatever reason, because iphones suck is, is just the truth of it. So if you don't see the button go to uh, go to a browser and do it there or just do it on a desktop computer uh once you're in the server. That's where we're gonna be we're gonna, be using the voice chat in discord to bring calls in and you'll have an opportunity to um make a comment um our kind of objective. With that I mean, if we can just talk openly about it, is you know we don't really want it to be like a q, a kind of thing we want. We want your, we want your hot takes. We want your hot tape. Hot takes. We want uh, you know we. We want to rate things we want to. We want to debate, we want to disagree discussion. We want to discuss. Yes, we want to talk about feet. We want to talk about feet. Show them is that enough discord show them your head dan show them the dome. What's happening there? Oh, did you not see his dome? No, oh! No. I shaved my head the other day boom because he looks so it was like 110 degrees in burbank the other day, so I just went for it his girlfriend okayed it his girlfriend is turning dan. She has some visual things that she likes that she's. I still haven't seen it. Wait what I'm looking at the I'm looking at the because I'm watching the stream and it's in delay, so how much of a delay is that yeah take the hat off everybody's already commenting on it in the chat, so I think you guys are like behind. Hmm! Oh, are you fast up to date on? Oh I'm right behind you. It's really one time, one time and yes, the person yeah. That's that's an ever-going thing in my life. So yes, um, okay, let's, let's, let's get back in if you have hot takes. Let me know, maybe you know what I'd love to hear from is somebody who thinks who disagrees with me that wet ass is ruining the fabric of society. I'd love! To have that question. You didn't say that no! I want someone who believes that to come to talk with me, yeah made it sound like that's what you think? No, I don't. I don't think that, but here's car tucker believes that we should and you need to go online. What does that mean general things I just want them to be over it? Oh, you want people to come vent, yeah, okay, cool here's, the woman who sings it cardi b, explaining to women how they can become more useful sex objects. Watch dude, that's okay, because your ph balance is off and you want to know why it's not because you're born with it it's because that is dirty. Wait. What about her song makes them she's the one taking control of anything the dudes are sub sex objects in her song tucker. Why don't you tuck dude? You know what tucker stands for you know they call him tucker because he tucks his dick between his legs and pretends. Tucker wish he had a wet ass, but he's just got a dyna little pecker tiny little pecker tlp more, like mustard, yeah, [Music] [Laughter]! This is awesome. That's garbage! You don't need to be a puritan. Oh that's garbage! Oh! We need that as a match. That's garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage. Oh everybody's, going to see me did I notice I didn't. We didn't see that I thought it was. I thought the camera's on me. I'm sorry all right! Let's see the dome! Now, let's see it. Just look at the camera show your skin, but I've got the buzz going so there you go and you guys will see that in like 30 seconds, because it is all right. How do we fix this delay? Because it's killing money, because I told you not to watch the stream, I knew it would confuse you. Well, someone has gone watching the chat. Well, it's a good thing. We did because you didn't show your head. Well, that's true! Yeah, exactly aimed [Music], now you're, one of those guys with shaved head and a beard, shaved head and a beard baby. That's what your girlfriend likes, though right yeah. She was into it because she's she likes she's, been kind of getting you to grow out your beard like crazy and put wax in it yeah she wants like the curly mouth at least. She knows what she's yeah yeah she's in control like cardi b. If I, if I may say dan, I think it looks spectacular, spectacular, zachary, wow wow, I do think it looks good yeah. Thank you. I think it's it's rocking dude, it's badass, whoa zach. What is happening? Calm down? Why are you getting funny for me? Dude, I mean somebody said dan. Your super chat response game is weak, hey listen, you know, there's a lot of them and we we're talking about lots of things, we'll just make sure you read up and then and then well do you want? I mean there's a lot. You want me to read through them. Well give me the highlights, I mean sure. Okay, let's see uh uh marshall says uh beefin and halal um beef ain't, halal, beef in and halal. I don't know what does that mean? They paid five dollars to say beefing in halal. So there you go uh crasher said uh. You guys got me in trouble. I bought the crippling anxiety tea and now my wife is pissed that I didn't get her one oh buy another. There you go uh very few left you and alexander uh said uh ethan. What does vin diesel think about? H3 members say what well what does vin diesel think about? H3 members ben? Are you there? I don't know why he would assume the gender of our members yeah. We got a lot of male members out there too, a little rude and frankly uh eugene bean said uh. Let me get a big mac: um, okay, uh sushi bay uh. Where are you guys, dropping more teddy, fresh sweatpants? Very soon? Very soon there you go uh taylor. Will post malone ever come back on the podcast? I don't know pro I mean dude. The invitation is always open. I think the guy is too busy yeah I'd like for it to happen, but if he ever wants to I mean the truth is that I um I've lost touch with him more or less. Really, I didn't. Actually. The last time I spoke to him was when he donated [Music]. A year ago, now kind of when theodore was born was around the time that we lost that we just not for lack of trying. I think he's just he's. Just too big he's I mean not. For me, I mean he's just busy, there's a lot of people in and out of his life. So you know I don't I don't. I don't hold any ill will for the guy. I wish him well sure he's a great dude, so certainly certainly nothing bad ever to say about him, but uh I'd love to have him on any time, but yeah I mean first. I gotta talk to him first right before he comes on this job, but you know love post right uh shall we continue yeah uh? Well, I mean I got like I said. I got a lot of super chats. Do you want me to go through them all? Okay, I got a question here. People want me to, I guess more of a comment. People want me to put mayonnaise on dan's dome. Would you be willing to do that? No, of course, not kidding the joke being that dan hates mayonnaise. Would you do it for charity? I told discord was asking me all this man the other day and I told them um. I would not eat a jar of mayo for any amount of money hold on what any amount of money any amount of money yeah. In fact they asked if I would eat it to save the starving children, and I I said no, let them start. I don't believe you, I don't really what if we get 100 members right now, would you put mayonnaise on your dome? Live? No! No! Okay! No! Well! I mean on the dome yeah just on your dome, not in your mouth yeah. I mean, I guess that's different. I don't know so that's a yes I'll! Do it how much members how much money is going to get paid, though what are you talking about? You get a nice salary for the show? No, just for my standard pay! No, how much do you need? How much do you need to put managers on your dome right? I mean I'm moving soon, so I got a lot of expenses. There's a shower here by the way. So it's not that big of a deal do you guys even have mayo here, oh wow sure I think I used it all. Oh really we made an egg salad recently and and wait. Somebody gave a hundred dollar super chat. I feel obligated to read this one uh money. Yeti said my fur is looking mean. My bling is looking mean, I'm the richest goddamn yeti that you have ever seen. Let's talk business. Thank you for the donation. That is a very generous donation. Yeah. Let's uh continue watching cardi mother effin. That is very nice. Thank you yeah! I just saw. I just saw that popped up like I'll. Give you 100 bucks I'll, give you yeti's money to mail, your dollar for the mail yeah not worth it, and what is it doing to them? What are they doing to them? What is doing to them? People are getting rich, pushing that crap on the country and they should be. Are you getting rich, putting the crap about the crap of themselves, but they're not ashamed of themselves. Joe biden just did an interview with cardi b doesn't do a lot of interviews. He just did one with her. He sucked up to her and called himself tell me what your fans most say to you when they communicate with you online. What are they most concerned about? Obviously, free free, uh college education, free medicare. I of course want free medicare. I of course think that we need a free college. Ch levels other [, __ ]. They give you a free metro card, so you could travel for you to be able to go to your school and, of course they give me. They gave me free lunch by the way we're going to have if I get elected president free college education for four years of college flat out everybody's a promise- I didn't actually know that was part of his platform at all. So there you go wow. I just really like dog face pony soldier [Laughter]. I love the kids jumping on my lap, the kids used to come up and reach into the pool. What's that joe biden, what and I've loved kids jumping on my lap? Hmm, don't we I mean yeah, it's very nice, kid's jumping on us like what are we gonna say dan? I just I was just still laughing at how censored her clip was on the show that you couldn't even understand what, like I heard, hot dog at some point like I think she said, glizzy gladiator at one point for a community college, everybody wants to go on and become a nate, become an apprentice free again. We're not being prudish here. This is not james brown being sexually suggestive on stage. It is the same thing dumb dumb, it's just it's a new generation, bro guess what the world grew up and you didn't, I think, he's like this is my hot take so whatever, but he's just he's, literally just preaching to the choir of old of just fox news, jim yeah, it's like he's just preaching to the choir, go online right now and look up the lyrics to this song. No, and then ask yourself: if you were joe biden, would you suck up to the person who sang it and ask yourself above all and ask it more than once? What is this doing to our kids? Ask him more than once ask it a hundred times people pushing it clearly you're trying to hurt your children. Why is nobody pushing back timmy bruce is the host of get tammy bruce on fox nation. She joins me. I don't know why he he's just everything so has to be so hostile nefarious, she's trying to hurt our kids. We've talked about. What put I mean? Everybody loves, wet ass. I love it except ben shapiro. Trump. Definitely loves it really. Valerie valerie is asking for a theodore update. How is he doing? What's he, like he's great he's, doing great he's, walking he's talking, he's trusting he's in the beginning stages of talking he's the cutest um. We just keep saying like he's such a great guy yeah he's a great guy he's one of the best he's gonna, be such a great guy he's one of the best dudes. I know yeah he's just so sweet and he gets really excited when he sees me now, which is cool. Oh he loves you. He loves you more than I like. He keeps giving stuff to them. Yeah he gives me presents all the time in general. He likes everybody, but for some reason dan he's he loves dan. So there you go. Take that for what you will. No, I think it means you have a pure beautiful soul, dance generally, pretty good with kids like friends, kids and stuff. They they always like me. Yeah he's awesome. I mean I feel bad, that still obsessed with trucks. Still it's crazy. Everybody shrugs every time we get a package like from amazon. He he just goes right to it. He goes tractor doctor um. The only thing- that's just you know the quarantine sucks, I feel so bad because he would love to be socializing out on playgrounds and all this, but it's a weird time, but I feel like at least he's kind of like too young to understand what he's missing on but like we have employees that their kids are. You know at um like high school or just school elementary school age and they're, saying that they're really scared for those kids, because they are like getting depressed and they're too young to be depressed. Like that's just so sad yeah one of our employees said he has a. How old is his son he's like eight? Yes, I'm telling that he said he. He said something really depressing to him. Yeah. I don't want to miss quote, but he said something like I mean they're, showing signs of like just being depressed, just being isolated from all their friends and yeah. I feel so bad, for I think the people I mean this pandemic's been tough on so many people, but, like one analogy, I've heard, which is kind of interesting. You can't tour. You can't play live, shows think about all the creatives and stuff like if the beatles. If there was a new beatles coming up right now- and this was their time to be out and touring and their big breakthrough moment- they can't play they can't go up. They can't do anything and like how much of human uh how much of of the course of human trajectory is being changed by it by kinds of things like that makes you wonder, people are asking: where is he and they want to see an ian ian say hi? Do you have any comment? Ian? Oh yeah, can you guys hear me yeah yeah yeah, what's up just over here working on the thumbnail? That's it that's! Why? I'm not talking everybody! Well, yeah! We actually just finished our episode with andrew yang, so oh dude they went so we haven't acknowledged that right. We just finished with yang that's going to go up on monday. It was a really good interview, really wait monday right. Yes, yes, well, for members, uh sooner I mean for members we'll get it up as soon as we can yeah and start working on it. It was great I love yang he's always a joy to talk to the guy is so smart and so insightful and compassionate too, which I think is really maybe his defining uh characteristic, which makes him such an interesting guy, extremely down to earth. He dropped several f-bombs, while we were talking to him in just like a very casual way and just like man, it's just like so cool to hear. Like a prominent politician, just talk like a dude, you know like so um you guys want to watch some dude. I was promised that this video is the weirdest ever and I don't think where any of us are going to be disappointed by it. It's it's titled guy, with a hole in his living room and uh. If you're extremely claustrophobic, this is house hey. This is the after dark people know what they're getting this way all in the living room, just brace yourself. You love because I don't I mean it's weirder than it sounds. I think, if that's possible, now I've been I've been um. I've been assured that this is consensual. This is like from a there's a oh, no bizarre out there fetish website. No, it's not it's not explicit, but no. What bro? You are, how how do people find out? That's their fetish, like what dude look at his house is decorated, it's funny because it looks like a typical grandpa's house and then he's like well. I just have a hole in my living room where I keep uh guys. Oh, my god [Music]! Is she what he'll probably go down? Slowly? Oh no. Why does she have to be like? Because I guess it's part of the whole thing? Oh they're, making videos! This is for people to consume exactly, but do you know when she is really freaking out? They probably have a safe word, bye, they're, so just they're making content for people to watch. I cannot leave believe it. You don't seem that shocked. I I I'm no ela, I'm the only thing that's making me be able to stomach. This is that there's a camera and people are able to walk like multiple times how'd. They even think about that. You never thought about putting someone in a hole in your living room. People just ended this stuff and somehow this is sexual for him. I think it's the control thing right. I guess it's very matter of fact. The police will never think the look here. It's like mobility mirrors, oh wow, like perfect carpet, just a total repair for the carpet. What sure you got? I'm gonna watch the tv, oh wow. This is so crazy. I'm speechless I mean I am this, isn't just what and now he's gonna watch? Oh, where did these videos go? There's a website on the house of gordon unassuming houseofgord.com, no he's just having to be here. I like how it's just like an ordinary guy. Don't go to that website by the way it's insane there's crazy. I was thinking we might want to blur that, but it's a little too late now! Well, it's after hours right we're after hours baby, I guess house of gold. What does gourd mean? I don't even want to know. I don't dan something just happened where I have my document open and just closes, and I get paranoid that somebody's logged into my uh. Really, I mean it's just a tab and this might be the weirdest video ever it's pretty weird. I have more weird ones, but not as weird as that. I think this is definitely the weirdest video I've seen ever really [Laughter]. It might be yeah, it might be. I mean it's hard to top that, but the best is how he just goes and casually has a beer, and he looks like just like someone's dad. Oh my grandson's coming over, so keep it down. Jesus there's this other one. This is a full-fledged uh channel on youtube called. I actually did a lot of research on this channel because I was thinking about making a video about it. [Music] it's called um [Music]. Let me give you some background. Cause I've gone deep into this braced life and it's all about these girls and a doctor and they put on braces and all the various forms. Well, this video has almost 8 million views so somebody's watching it. They also have a patreon weird kiddos weirdos. They also have a patreon where they're, making 5 000 a month. Weirdos even keemstar, knows a weirdo when he sees one. What does keemstar say when he looks in the mirror: weirdos five thousand dollars a month on patreon, which is kind of surprising, a lot amounts of money for this pretty good yeah. So here's a little taste of uh braced life. So this has to be in russia. I mean I can't imagine anywhere else and um. Well, they they have the same ensemble. They have the same girls and they kind of swap. But you know, there's some freak dude behind you like chad is saying: wait, real, quick pause. It yeah. I don't know if this acrobat is saying: houseofgord.com just crashed, because this dude just got hooked up. How's the gourd baby that one stop stop putting people on your floor sounds like no. It sounds like yeah they're, weird yeah, that's good, like I purposely ignore it. Oh the person in your floor I mean they might need help. I'm setting a bad example for my followers. Well, that's obvious. That's I mean you. Don't need to say that that's obvious, so they go through this whole thing. They do like a real cast and then they make them go out in public and try to exist with the cast on it's pretty epic, so they are people who just love the idea of being casted yeah. It's just super niche dude. Well, eight million views. So not that! Well, that's well about a million of them. Are me not as niches or podcasts [Laughter]. I mean that one must have a really cheeky thumbnail. That's my only guess here. Let me go to videos. Let me keep that badass music on while I yeah, let's go by most popular, is what I like to do. Oh this one has 26 million. Would you click that thumbnail? I wouldn't think to click that? No, that's scary! Looking! Well! That's a good point. You do have to be able to like use your bowels and stuff. If you're, all you have to cut out a hole for it. Elo youtube really just highlights the fact that look at her girl people are weird. Oh dude, that's crazy! I love the music's so inspirational. They always use the same song in every video. It's awesome, so it's just asmr for them, so this one I has 26 million one year ago. I would never click that, but kate's orthodontic headgear face mask let's dive right in who would things look like [Music] [Laughter] yeah? I don't know what is the appeal of that thumbnail? Oh, this is pretty hype. Let's go let's so my penis chubbness is at zero percent right now, I'll update you guys periodically. It's like going the opposite way going in inwards. My penis is inverting yeah. Do we have any calls lined up? I don't like it. I see lots of people mentioning boogie in the chat. I guess he must have stopped by. I don't know. Buggy was here if that's true hello to buggy. So now she walks around with this dude. I don't know if you guys remember, but people actually used to get like this on back in the day my brother had headgear like that, what they don't do that they did. I don't think so. Maybe they do. I mean um. What do I know about it? It seems ancient. It seems so ancient. Why do you need this whole thing? Like it's an accessory bruh, you mean the headgear? No, but what does the fan? What does it do that you can't do without the whole? I think it's for real, like if you have my brother, had an underbite yeah, so they use it because they need they need like something to leverage against. So they pull your jaw out. Oh really, yeah! Oh, I haven't seen anyone with this. It's true. I haven't seen anybody wearing that in a long time technology. There was a kid that had it still so I mean I mean the technology like with the invisaligns and everything man. It's it's so much better! It's true! What are the fans saying uh? I don't see anybody arguing that they still use it, at least in the uh thing, everybody's just talking about boogie, I didn't see boogie yeah I mean so this is oh ela. This is the thumbnail of the last one. I mean that's pretty wild emily corrective cast, but the other one 26 million. This one has 7 million plaster short leg cast with milwaukee, brace, let's check it out. Oh no, she broke her poor ankle. I love that this got a whole narrative. Wait. She's already got a neck brace. What's going on? Oh no and she's already got the neck, brace man this four girl's down on her luck. I know where she can go. Braced life yeah, you know, there's a few people saying they do still use it. It's probably edge cases but uh wow dude we gotta get hurt. That's gotta be brutal to have to use that thing. That girl seemed perfectly happy with it. So this is yeah. I mean you get the idea. You know not for everybody clearly, but a lot of people do it for a lot of people um. I got uh some more super chats uh! Oh, I just showed everybody the zoom um. Let's see what we got, what we got uh. We read that one okay uh, you all do it said yo, I gotta say again: I enjoy large buttocks and I cannot deny so. Thank you very much. Is there more clothes matching planned? Oh, like our outfit today- oh oh, we'll think about it. You guys do like think about your outfits for sure. It's not look at this look at this, so this is apparently you're. Not acknowledging. Well are we planning do we plan matching outfits? Yeah? No, okay, yeah, I told ela. I was like where you can't wear that beanie, it's crazy. I think it's cool. I love that beanie. I think it's cool. Well, no! I like nothing about the shirt crazy! Oh, oh! Oh! It is a lot of stripes going on um. Will we ever see a business casual line from teddy fresh? Would love a color block, pants suit? I would love that um, maybe hmm uh when is zach or dan starting a cameo. That's what I wanted to keep dude. Why don't you guys want to make? That's you guys are leaving a lot of money on the table. I don't know, would you be okay with us doing that, though I feel like that would be like sacrilegious in a way, though, no you guys can do cameo. It's awesome. People want to get it for their friends for their birthdays. What would you charge for it? 25 yeah, that seems like a good place. You should do it. Hmm, I have no. I have no problem with you guys, making a little chatter on the side. Lately, it's like the best birthday gift. I feel like it'd, be funny I'll I'll, be watching just know that checking in on what we're, what people are forcing us to say. Oh yeah, definitely you should do it as a pilot program. Let me know how it goes. Would you just go to the website and just like put in your info and who you are? I don't really know yeah, it's easy, it's easy, so anybody can do it. Yeah yeah, I mean well. The challenge is finding people who want to pay you to run my video right yeah. Anyone can do it. Uh. Somebody just said uh. Please release the ethan bradberry coronavirus. Oh that's! Coming up, that's we have intentions. That's the whole part of the after dark yeah. That's coming up uh. Can I buy beanies used by ethan and do you ship to discussions? Oh my god, why would you want that? No, you can't! No! I will not enable such behavior, okay, um uh, the white and black stripes are giving me pinstripe vibes, teddy fresh zoot suit coming soon question mark no, probably not a zombie, no, no, no but um. I do love the idea of like more like suits and stuff ethan. Should I get noodles and co or five guys, hmm, what's noodles well, probably noodles and co? What is that? It's just a noodles and co? You just don't like five guys. It sounds like. Let's move it on, let's do uh. Let's do some woolies. Do I want to take a call. Do we not have one interesting person to take a call from there's? Really nothing. That's popping out holy dude, you guys are the worst callers, apparently how's it been. Screening calls zach. Tell me about your experience. Well, there's just been no like things to get them in the like vetting on the like voice chat like called the screen or lobby like there's just been nothing super interesting, okay. What kind of stuff are you getting, because maybe we can direct people um just bring someone in bring anybody in? Let's go pop someone in okay roll the dice baby yeah, let's roll the dice um bring him in zach. Just anybody bring anybody. Just anybody on anybody hold on I'm trying to move him in the call. I don't know how to do it. Oh my god. Okay, let's move on you're inside no wonder, there's been no calls ian's been doing the discord. It's just nothing's been all right. As speaking, I've walked you through it earlier. No, no! But how do you drag it in there? You drag it. You click it! That's what I'm doing it's not going in all right! I'm grabbing someone here we go grabbing someone moving him and does zach not have access, he does zach. Why is it that you click and you drag? I I'm clicking, I'm dragging, and it's not working garbage garbage garbage good luck, trying to screw me over here all right. So here's another weird one, these women. What I don't know what's the fetish about, are they naked underneath it? What makes it a fetish yeah? It says it's an innocent fetish, they're, just obsessed with it. I mean look at that. That's that's a fat ass, mother, loving wall, I've never seen wall child, oh my goodness, hello, I'm I'm intrigued in there knock knock. Oh that's super weird. That is super weird. She looks like a vase. What that's pretty funny! That's a fetish that seems like a gag. I don't think fetish is the right word here. It seems like a just a straight up gag. Oh, that's a fetish holy bro. What the holy crap! I think we need to get an outfit like this, for you yeah, that's something your grandma totally your style! You should ask someone like someone in the family. You know they're like oh, can I make you a scarf or something like here? Can I get one of these? My mom um everybody's, saying you can't get in the discord I I gave. I gave you a heads up at the beginning. The discord takes a little bit to sync. So if you just signed up to be a member, it's going to take like 30 to 40 minutes before you're able to get in there. So just give it a little time, yeah really because it just periodically syncs with you with the youtube account, so it's not instant. Unfortunately, can you guys get somebody to call? I want to talk to the people. Anybody garbage garbage hello, we're working on it, we're working on what so so it doesn't work or it does work. I can't drag for some reason, but ian can you do it sounds like. Maybe there is a problem? Okay, okay, it wasn't it wasn't young zach's fault after all, [Music]. Can you guys just update me, so I'm not sitting here screaming like a psycho ian. What's the update, yeah uh, there's yeah, here's one right now, hello, hello, all right! Oh hello, who we got hey. What's up? What's up? What's your name, not much uh, I'm scott, but in the discord I go by ginger beard, man, ginger beer man, you have red hair. I do I do. Are your pubes red, I sure are interesting. Are the color of the pubes different than the hair on your head, or is it exact same color? It's a bit lighter, like my body, hair in general. Is a bit lighter than my facial and head hair, so the pubes are like bright red, no they're like a reddish, blondish kind of they're, still ginger, but they're not like as fiery orange as like the beard and stuff. Oh, I see I see and then yeah interesting. So do you find? I know a lot of women are into redheads. Do you find that to be true? I found that there's a very particular cast of women that, like redhead yeah, it's you hear you keep hearing like. Oh women, love redheads and it's not like a million women, but when you find the ones that do it's like they're really into it, like that's, what's up because they're all about that redhead life, that's awesome! So have you been with a girl who's like into that redhead life? Uh I got I was like. I was like went a couple dates with one, but then she was like crazy. So I dipped out of there. That's a shame. Did you get to see your fire pubes? No, we didn't get that far so um. So how can we help you today? Nothing man! I just you guys were like wanting so many calls. I was like dude just call me and ian was like hey. You want to be on. I was like sure like there's tons of people just like I guess, like you said none, I guess they just thought. None of the people posting and they were good enough. So I was like call me. I was like I'm the best caller. Just you know it's like. I don't know anything to get attention just to stand up well. So what do you do? What do you do in your life right now? Who are? I just got a drone, so I've been doing a lot of drone stuff recently taking some photos and and that kind of stuff. How many are you virgin, or has anyone seen your fire pew? Oh, my god, I am not a virgin. No! Yes, people have seen my fire cube. Well, I just I'm intrigued by that dream by the fire yeah, it's fair! Well, what is it uh? So what's your origin? Are you from like ireland, or not ireland, scotland, where the where's the red hair from uh? Well, it's a recessive trait! So can you like anybody, can kind of have it, but I do have like european, like germany check and like a little bit of irish, like in my family history, hey uh, so sorry to interrupt. Um pewdiepie just became a member of the channel. Oh how nice, let's get him on discord, quick, pewdiepie, pewdiepie, that's good pewdiepie on call cause he's supposed to be here. I heard he's supposed to be on the podcast next week next week. That's actually that's accurate. I forgot my own joke because once he actually came on, we stopped doing it. He said just join three sub where's the fit pick. Oh pewdiepie is a tier three sub. You want to see my everybody go to wikipedia and rate me. Five stars and everybody go to keemstar's wiki feet and give him zero stars start. Thank you very much for saying that. Well, I've really enjoyed talking to you and learning about you. Thanks for having me guys, yeah. Thank you and thank you for being a member, and we love you and appreciate you and keep the do. You trim the pubes or you just let them go uh when I'm not when I'm out with anybody just let them go. But if my partner has a preference I'll happy to very good well, how do you know they have a preference? You know because I I still love communication man, you gotta, you talk to your lady yeah, but when you first have sex, you don't really have time to ask what your preference is. You know what I mean. Well, maybe you don't. My sex life is a little different. I like to communicate before I go and do the deed. So your dates, so you go on a few dates and then you're like um tonight's, the night, maybe the third date or whatever, or maybe I don't know what the timeline is for you. But you say: listen you! Just you just casually bring it up you you start talking, you do a little, the flirty and the dirty and then you're like hey. How do you you know? How do you prefer it? You know and then wow she's like dude, we haven't had sex. Why are you asking me about pubes? I mean because you know you shout very conversations where you're clearly like we might be moving towards that you're like oh. What do you like? What are you into I'm preparing for uh the inevitable I'd like to gauge your interest on public? So in those situations, are the girls um? They they just go along with the conversation and uh, let you know their preference yeah sure if you, if you don't feel like weird and awkward about you, don't just like just you know, you don't start out flat off like hey. How do you prefer my you know stuff, but if you're talking about you know sexual topics already you're, just like hey, how would you prefer this guy gets it yeah? How do you keep yourself? How do you guys a good lover? It's kinda, it kind of makes sense. This is a good lover. You could be uh you're sexy. I can already tell. Let me ask you this. I I think it's fair to assume most women like it trim, though I think I could go on a list because, like I used to have a wild like going into college like I, I was a virgin right, but then the first time I had sex. I was 19 years old. I was my freshman, my freshman year of college and I had never trimmed my pubes before and they were wild bro. And let me tell you, like the girl she made one comment to me. She says she she laughed and she said your pubes are huge and I was like do you want me to cut them and she, and but I think she was embarrassed because she was she was just like. No, I'm just never seen pubes that big yeah, I think the the consensus I've heard from like partners and just like talking in general is most women, of course, not all because you can't say all but prefer something they prefer some, but not like the full bush, not a black like just and not small yeah, not wax. That's what I found too kelly kelly here just said. I don't like it trimmed you like a bucket lots of raw. What do you got a guy with a real small dick like me, and then the pubes are longer than the dick. I mean that's not sexy I mean it might be. This would be the best thing just go with the trim. So it's not full. Like your beard, I mean you just you any of your body here, just keep it nice and clean. Well, what's your preference? Do you prefer it shaved or wild? I'm I'm not going to turn any. You know if I'm into the person, I'm not going to turn them down, but uh, I'm a bushman. I don't mind some voices interesting. I like that. I, like the natural. You know, I don't want my my you know, I'm an adult. I don't want him. Looking like. You know a little girl. You know I want at least a little something like it doesn't have to be like jungle, but you know show me here. You know, ladies, that's fair. Well! Thank you very much for the inside. I've had a great conversation with you and I wish you all. The best thanks for having me guys there you go, you see that, how great of a conversation that was beautiful, I mean touching uh illuminating. I mean I kind of feel like it kind of blew my mind with the fact that he just he's so confident and he has a problem like in those questions. I do kind of have some doubt about it, though, because if I'm in a the dating phase, I I feel like that's a question for after you've had sex, because the dating game has changed since you were yeah you're in it. Like, yes, we've been together for a long time. Well, what what I would do is keep it trim and then once you've established some sort of relationship ask if they have a preference, because the trim is not going to offend anything. Okay, but just like okay, so uh we're gonna be having sex tonight, and I was just gonna go into the bathroom and uh use the clippers. So I was just wondering: have you ever? You know what I used to do, use the same clippers for my pubes and face. I think you've mentioned that, but it doesn't. It didn't bother me because I always shower afterwards. So I'm like what does it matter? You know not a big deal. I think the trick is to do your beard first and then, ideally, you should probably have separate. Well, it's like so many gadgets. Oh well, look at you richie rich, two different spirits, I'm not walking around with two different beard traps real quick. I saw a super chat which seems relevant um yaki yaka boys just said: um just asked a girl out that I've known for seven years. She said yes, please give me some dating advice. I have no idea what I'm doing. I think we should right now call in get him to call him yeah boy, if you're in, if you're, in the discord, um we'll we'll pull you in, but I think on your first date. You should make sure to ask her so um. I got a question from kelly here who is wondering what is my skincare, routine and she's asking? If eton has one too and um, I constantly try to find a routine. I keep trying different products and I feel, like I just don't know what I'm doing and I keep getting ripped off um. That's very true, my basically, what I like to do is have a nice like moisturizer face moisturizer sunscreen in it, mine actually doesn't have sunscreen in it avoid the sun. I mean, I think every guru agrees, avoid the sun but um I put it on in the morning, and then I put it on again in the evening and um I use a face wash when I shower you're over it. No, no. I just felt like pushing the button. I'm sorry! No, I didn't mean to say that um, it's yeah, that's it! Here's my take on it. I I've looked into this a lot. I think it's all, I'm always buying like a different moisturizer, a different face, wash it's like a multi bazillion dollar industry and, like you, either have good skin or you don't have good skin. It really just comes down to exfoliating, removing the dead skin. From your face, you could do that with the celic acid. You could do that with manually. Scrubbing it off with. Anyone. Is more knowledgeable about this stuff than me? Well, I don't really take good care of my facial skin. To be honest because, like when I'm in the shower, I remember a dermatologist told me when I was young. He says you know. Shampoo is generally pretty gentle on the skin, so I use my shampoo to wash my face. That sounds crazy. To me I mean I don't doesn't get your face. Dry, oh well, face wash dries it out a lot more yeah. This is me. Trying to this is. I won't lie. This is me when I try buying skin care products. So anyway, here is a crackhead falling through a uh, the roof of a restaurant. I have actually a funny story about this stuff. I don't know if I told it on the podcast. I don't think so though I I was using this product, it's called, I think, drunk elephant right yeah, so they have this like series of uh, whatever face moisturizers and stuff. So I was using that one and I went to get a facial for like blackheads and they asked what is your routine? What do you use? So it was a guy who was asking me: what do you use and stuff- and I said um- I just used this company the naked elephant and it was like what like it looked so weird and I was like I don't know- that's I just used the moisturizer. I thought I was like. It was shocked that I'm like that's the only thing I'm using or anyway. I said it wrong right he's like that's a hit. It's not the naked, though everybody's saying drunk elf, yeah drunk. Oh, that's like a famous product, that's hilario! This is you trying to tell the dermatologist what product you use stupid story, move on bruh, it's not stupid! Either! Don't don't it's awesome. It was awesome story. Here's a crackhead falling through the roof [Music]. Apparently they can. I can't hear anything, but they know he's there [Music]. Oh, my god awesome. I love how it wait. It doesn't end there. Oh it ended there. I mean I'd like to know what happened so there's a crackhead falling through the roof and I oop crackheads and the roof be like, and I oh and I oop so I got uh, there's a ton more super chats. I know we can't like get to them all uh I saw I saw one that was like huge, though hold on a second somebody donated like 150 bucks or something oh wow. I gotta call that one out one. Second, yes, where the hell did you go? There's so many thank you. We appreciate it. I'm sorry we're not getting to everybody, but there's just thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Stupid opinion on jenna leaving the platform and the podcast. I feel pretty sad, um tragic. It sounds like she's having a really hard time and she's in a dark place. Right now, just we haven't spoken to her personally, just based on what we've been hearing, what they put out publicly um. I feel pretty bad and pretty sad about it. It's tragic I mean she just she doesn't deserve, however bad she feels about herself, because the thing is when she announced she was retiring. She got a lot well, she got a lot of support, but apparently it didn't help because, for whatever reason she feels awful yeah and she just announced that they're also quitting the podcast and um. I don't know what's going on, but I just feel awful because I know she's a really good person. The kind of content she's been making the past several years has just been totally wholesome and not problematic in the slightest bit, which is honestly on youtube, really refreshing to see just original content. That's not basically yeah and no he's been saying that for the longest time we always appreciate how she's just able to continue her channel and just make this really silly videos, but obviously people still come people still watch yeah. This is just this no clickbait. I don't know who this there's all group of people that dislikes everyone. Okay, so I know it's hard to imagine that there's a group of people that dislike jenna marbles, but I'm sure they're out there, and I think what happens is that these people will just never let your past go they'll send like any time you work with a new sponsor. They send it to your sponsor anytime. You have some kind of opportunity they spam them. They make it their mission to make it that your worst moment on the internet defines your whole life and people do that to us too yeah and it's a shame because there should be a room to change and to grow. You know: uh, oh ian's got the guy who wanted dating advice, all right, I'm moving to man, one sec. This is awesome. This rules dude this rules, ethan and ela after dark rules. This is awesome. This is what I always wanted. Yeah wait real, quick. While he's lining that up uh beauville, 150 donation I sent for ethan, but ela. You are right behind him, love all. You guys stay safe heading into work to make that donation money back. Thank you, man. You didn't need to donate. All your I mean, that's, that's beyond generous, so are you gonna put mayonnaise on your head for that guy dan? He didn't specifically ask for that. So I don't necessarily I'm sure he'd love to see that mom again, you got it. Thank you to all the members. I want to say that the members is make all this. The membership makes such a huge difference for us because we want to keep it going. You know we want to keep it all going. So it's great and we have a new person starting on monday too, to og. We have here a little vive. She said she is one of the top point, two percent of only friends, oh she's, a cam girl for three years. If we want to ask her any questions, I would love to look up her pictures. Yeah, let's see. Meanwhile, I want to give this guy some advice. Yeah. He should be in the lobby. What's his name, hi jaka boyd there he is yakavoid yaka boy. What is that is that your real name uh? No, my name's jack, oh jack, that's much easier to say yeah so jack. What is the issue that we're confronting today um I've known her for like seven years? How are you you sound on the younger side? Uh, I'm 15.? Oh, so when you say seven years uh then you've noticed yeah wow. Okay, so you guys been friends since for a long long time young love, yeah, yeah uh and I don't know, what's your question, I just have no idea what to do. Did you already ask her out yeah? What did she say? She said? Yes, oh young jack. I'm excited you're all such a beautiful relationship. I gotta know what to do so. Okay, let me let me uh. Let me ask you a few questions: jack yeah. How often do you guys talk? How often are you guys together uh? We haven't been together much recently because of go vid yeah before coming, but you guys talk on the I mean we went to school. We had a bunch of classes together, you guys didn't have like a friendly relationship or anything like that. Before you asked her out uh yeah, we did. Okay, you guys ever hang out dang you shouldn't answer un under 18 callers about relationships. Oh oh yeah, you shouldn't why not I'm not giving them sex advice, don't have sex. I mean clearly you're way too young for that yeah. I'm trying I'm just trying to find love yeah. I think it's okay, but I I do how old is she uh she's 15 too? I think it sounds like you're right on track. Dude, I don't know. What's the problem yeah I mean it sounds like she was receptive. What did she say? You asked what did you say to her? Then? What did she say to you? She said lol, yes, but what happened after the lol? Yes, let me check yes casual texting. Well, I don't know um. I think you should take advantage of the fact that it's covered and you can't really do much anyway and just talk a lot. Yeah yeah talk about the best way to get to know someone. I think there you go phone chatting. That's that's the key talk to her and um yeah, I'm bad, I'm really bad with uh like facetiming. I never know what to say. You just ask questions. Ask her questions. That's like the easy, go-to advice. If you you never know what to say. It's just don't worry about saying stuff yourself. Just just inquire just be interested in what she has to say there you go ask her if she likes females yeah. We appreciate you jack thanks for calling yep and goodbye. Oh sorry, I meant zach um ian. Did you talk to him on the phone before you brought him in now? You guys said get him in so I just moved him now. He's great he's he's a good kid. He sounds like he's right on track. Here we go jack. The legend. Do you want to hear? Oh, you want to watch the bradbury report. Yeah! Oh wait! What about the cam girl? Let me see some pics. I don't know I don't have picks I mean. If she wants you can call in. Oh, we got a hundred one. What is that stan cover that bald dome with mayor [Music]? No, I'm kidding, I don't know we might have males dan. If we have mayo, can we get some on that dome? No come on gross people are giving money for it. I know. Well I mean that's the prerogative but geez [Music] just shaved. My head, like a day ago on there it'll be my moisturizer exactly old jar mayo in his hair. The ball, you just wipe you just wipe it right off. Zach is willing to debase himself more than willing. You think for the show dan anything for the show forever. Ethan. Do you like boiled chicken. I've tried it. It's super good boil I like to boil chicken and broth chicken broth bone broth. That kind of thing yeah, it's pretty good, but it tends to you go it just dries out so fast that you got to be really delicate with that everybody spamming about the mayo now so so we'll have to get some kind of fundraiser and we'll we'll get mayo on your head, I'm sure of it. Maybe if we plan for it next, maybe next week we can do the mail thing, yeah, yeah episode. All right here is the um, the big peak really of of ethanol after dark. So let me set this up. This is the bradbury report. I'm gonna. I can't show it to you, I'm just going to play the audio, and I know that sounds lame, but the audio is great. It's pretty clear. If I show this to you, he will be arrested and our channel will be erased, but I want to make it very clear. We don't want to seem like we're like part of this in any way, because we're not let me make it very, very clear. I told at the very onset of this before people understood how bad it was like new york's, not even on lockdown. Yet that should give you some context. Yeah, we said ethan, wouldn't it be funny to just go and ask people what they think about covid on the street, because I was like ethan would be a great man on the street segment for the podcast. I still do think that's true. By the way we shouldn't we should probably I want to get ethan involved in some capacity. Yeah love him, but so he's like sure, I'm on it and then what he sent us back. Was this video and then, when I saw this, I was like dude. I can't like this first of all is horrible and I can't show it- and I wish you didn't do this. That being said here is the bradbury report, which I condone in the most extreme possible language. The bradbury report a regular raw central today in the root of new york city. What are they saying right now, dan? As I play this right? Well, I mean I can't show it. What do you want me to show put up a picture of ethan bradbury, so we all have a visual. You can do it yeah. You can do it. Oh there, oh, you can do it yeah. I don't need you guys just staring at me, weirdly just watching yeah iconic! Oh, that's a beauty shot. What do you guys think of this? This is he's so beautiful he's a very handsome man. That's even better! All right here we go. You guys tell me what you think of the bradbury report. I'd love to get him back involved though, but you can't do. We have to be like dude. You can't do that and some ground rules just want to know your thoughts for the corona or what yeah? What do you? What are your thoughts on the corona there's even from I have it? That's why you know what I'm saying I'm just trying to enjoy my last few moments. I guess we're enjoying the video. The thing about ethan is like what he's saying could be construed as funny, but the way he delivers it with dead is he doesn't do deadpan. He does deadly pan yeah. You can't tell what is going on with him. I guess yeah, all right man stay safe, god, bleach stay safe. Can I show this part yeah because, like I don't think he coughs he just awkwardly, so he just awkwardly um well here he makes the guy walk away. Yeah, please stay safe. He stays yeah. This one is so I wish I could show this one. Oh, I can't get it. I got to show this because even the part of him trying to get in the cab yeah, it's so ridiculous, like like just just me all right now. I gotta take this off-screen we'll release the full footage when there is a and I'm saying but uh before I go like um, I'm with I'm with the regular raw central today, huh yeah um. What do you think of the coronavirus? I don't know why. The only thing I can say in his defense is that it was before it was just starting to get really bad yeah like new york's, not on lockdown. I just I was like dude just ask people don't go coughing on people and act, pretending you have coronavirus what you won't go one more! No, what do you think about the corona virus? I don't know. I have no idea how they have to do he's sitting up front of this guy. I have it so so why you called you. So I thought I told you go over there I mean what the hell is wrong with you dude. Ah, this is so bad morat what's wrong, but I want to sit in the front whoa. Let's go over there. Man listen! I have I have a few. You know moments. Can you open the door he's driving off and his cameraman is on the street? Go where you are uh. Can you weigh a little because yeah I mean, should we keep watching? I feel bad, no yeah. That was it. I started to feel bad right here and it gets worse. Oh we just we've teased it before, and people kept asking so like now, people know yeah, they know wait. I understand why we couldn't show it. I actually do want to show this part with that one everybody's saying they wanted to see your reactions. Um he's real. Oh nice, you this part. I don't think he coughs during this part, but he just he doesn't let this guy go away. He just keeps take keeping him there. I visit there a lot. Did you start where I love it over there I go to tel aviv, you know around there. I don't know why this guy's I'm from the heart of brooklyn. What is it you know? Oh this poor guy, [Music] uh posted private or posted on twitter, but that's not the point. The point is ethan's gonna get arrested if this finishes well. Hopefully, I'm not liable. No you! No! I didn't meant the other thing. Oh dude ethan we're all named ethan, so um we're approaching an hour and a half which is basically how long I wanted this to be. Do we have one more call we can get in here and see if we got something interesting to discuss with the people of the world people of the h3 niche uh? Everyone just wants this guy to come in who's. Talking about nuts, okay, bring the nut guy in all right I'll, bring the nut guy he's going. Is he? How old is he in just make sure it's like you know I'll confirm like 18 plus yeah? In the meantime, we got another 50 donation a moment ago. Someone wants me to take my shirt off dan. You drive a hard bargain. Here. Is here's 50 up front? All you got to do is promise to give chili's a second chance. Oh it's! Oh! This is mega awesome, nerd! Okay, I was arguing with this guy about chili's in the uh in the discord the other day. Chili's is not asked here. It's not and for like chain. Restaurants, they were, they were trying to rape chain restaurants and he's really convinced that well chili's, I will say some restaurants: chili's has these bomb nachos where they do like they put like 10 chips on the plate, and then they make sure each chip is perfect. Perfect beans, cheese, jalapeno, sour cream and it's like each chip is perfect and that my friends is that here sorry dan, really um you're going with chili's. Let's get the nuts guy in okay, I haven't had it in a while, though, so I don't know. Oh zach agrees yeah you want to go to chili's tonight um. We were saying that we should private that video, because you showed uh, oh private, at dan link. Url. I don't think it's. I don't know who uploaded that here. Let me see where is it good point? You guys um, it's unlisted to oh, it already has 100. It already has 22 likes. What the you guys are crazy. Can you copy that yeah and here's the nut guy right now, all right give me his name. Introduce him hi, nutman hello. What's your name uh! My name is kevin on discord. I am k and sasaki, so why is everybody trying to get you on the show to discuss nuts? Well, for the past week, we've been had a heated debate on the discord about a nut tier list, and so I was wondering if we can go over a nut tier list with you guys sure what did you guys uh? What did you guys decide so uh as s tier, I have almonds and macadamia nuts almonds for sure. Macadamias for me are not ester, but almonds are definitely used here. I don't know about macadamia being honest, no, it's not it's not us! It's it's! The best tasting in my opinion, they're, like I mean they're good, but there's always like that thing about it. That's not good! It's too nutty! It's like it's like too much yeah like. Why are they soaked? I don't want to commit to a whole nut moment. You know what I mean: yeah yeah, I think almond is indisputably the only s tier because almond is like sure now almond is just so versatile. It does everything it's so versatile. You can make milk cut. I mean right, wait so we're talking about what you could also make of it. Oh ian gave me the okay wait. I have the s tier the nut classification here on my screen. Oh very nice, so oh pistachios are definitely a. I love pistachios and peanuts and cashews you guys are right on okay. So if we're, if we're thinking about it, that way, I may have to take back my um opinion on macadamia, because you make really bomb stuff from that, like a mac, nut, crusted, fish or chicken me personally, no, not you personally, I mean in food, oh because you can do like using it in cooking, not just like chocolate. It's amazing yeah, that's pretty cool yeah, but we're talking about the nut right, we're not talking about what we gave almond credit for all the things you can do with it yeah, but are we just talking about eating a straight nut or just no? No, no, all abilities. I think you guys did a pretty good job here. Honestly, it's looking decent like anything past a I don't know, wait a minute I hold on. I told you guys to take coconut off of this list. Coconut is not a nut. It's not a nut! That's true, yeah! It's a definition! Wait why the is acorn on here. Are you? Are you kidding me? What are you doing the most popular nut for squirrels? I I can't rate acorn. Are you a squirrel right? I'm a fan of squirrels without acorns, then like we lose uh, squirrels and ice cubes. Why is walnut at f walnuts? She's walnuts are by far the worst nut. I am totally with him. That's crazy! I think you guys have got it right on what about pecan shouldn't it be a no because it's a very pecan pie going forward. That's it. I think it's a good dessert nut, but other than that it doesn't have much going for it. I recently just found out that peanuts were actually not nuts. Okay, let's not get into that all right. Well, this is fascinating anything else. What's your name, kevin uh, yeah kevin kevin, and can I give uh one shout out yeah uh, so there's a 33 year old, boomer on a discord called nyam and she's, a white boomer that married a japanese guy and moved to japan. Why is she defeated by a boomer? Why are you shouting her out? She just has boomer takes. Why are you shouting her out? Is this a title? She is number one on discord, so she does deserve a shout out. What's her name, nyan she's married, you say yeah to a japanese guy and her daughter doesn't speak english, okay, well great! Shout out to her. We appreciate her then well. Okay, kevin! Thank you for the nut tier list. I'm captivated and I think you guys are right on. I think you guys nailed it right now. What's up with the coconut and get that off of there all right. Well, guys! That's about an hour and a half, I think I had a lot of fun. I just wanted a session. Oh, I also do all these right. I don't know if you guys want to do this, but I I got the girl with the only fans girl you wanted to talk to, yes bring her bring, but but what's her name, I want to see pics. I want to see what she does. I just need some context: I'm not trying to beat my meat. I just want to know what she does. What's her name ian, was it little view uh viv, vivian uh hold on I'm moving her right? Now I don't think anything came up when I typed that not a little bit well, she'll tell us um all right she's. In now, a little low viv little viv small viv looks like her mike's mike's, muted, your mike's muted viv, some kind of cam girl. She is oh hey, what's your name on the internet, yeah yeah! If it sounds like you, have the stream open in the background you got to mute the stream all right. Thank you little bib, for the call appreciate that yeah. Oh, am I in not anymore, not anymore, you blew it. You blew it viv. Thank you, viv! Is there anything else we want to talk about? I do want to say shout out to all these rallies in the chat dude pewdiepie came by became a tier three sub and saw my feet. I mean I feel like this was a really good. First year success yeah, I feel, like I'm super happy with ethan and ela after dark episode, one you know what I would love from you guys if you have more after dark suggestions of the wild side of the internet. You'd like us to watch on discord, we have a really vibrant suggestion room. Is that right guys? So if somebody suggests something good, you guys will see it right eitan what all right they want to hear something in hebrew from you, ani ani of vedic. You just said I uh working in female bread. What I didn't say that ani nice I like bread, okay, got him nicely done uh, so if they suggest something, if they suggest something, you guys will see it on that discord, room right. We we are frequently in the discord uh. We are checking it out. We see your suggestions so bring them along and yeah. Now that we've done this first stream, I think there were a lot of questions of what the stream was going to be, how it's going to flow and everything. Obviously I think people have a better impression of that now so um yeah, the the too hot for tv vids for tv, exactly but not sexual, not like no, nobody being murdered we'll send that and we'll decide, yeah we'll we'll filter it, send it just send it and people saying you need the discord link. You you don't it's not a link! You just gotta link your discord to your youtube. Uh account! That's it! What does that mean? Is that self-explanatory? Because I don't know what that means? Well, you want me to give the explanation. This connections tab in the discord settings and you from there you link your youtube account that you've become a member on to your discord account at that point, you will have the option to join the discord. If you are on an iphone, you will not see it because iphones suck and for whatever reason it's just not there on an iphone. So if you're experiencing that just go on a browser, don't use the app on the iphone it sucks and that's working on it um, but but that's really cool that they do that with discordant through the yeah. It's a pretty slick integration, so yeah once you're a member um it it. You can do that and you can join our community. So the israelis are triggered that everyone says my name wrong. Can you try to say it right? Well, it's like you, know, yeah. It doesn't really roll hard to say it like it's like the english version of it yeah it's hard to say if you're, not a native, it's just it's weird to be like so anyway, just it doesn't work. You just have to shout it. No! No! No! No inflection is on like it's like you're, not like hilan, [Laughter] yeah. I I speak hebrew to theodore, so I do think he's. Gonna know both languages, that's cool yeah. He learned he's now says instead of strawberry, he says and um I said like today we were talking to my mom on the phone and we said, give her a kiss and he did it and we said it in april: oh wow, that's so cool yeah, oh my god, what a little legend yeah all right, guys um next week, we'll be back. I think we want to typically stream ever on fridays at 12., so you can expect us around then next week, but this was a hit. I I think we all had so much fun. It was a great turnout. Thank you guys, thank you to all the members for the donators. This was a great great time. Ethan and eela after dark will continue. Three episodes a week. Count them boom boom boom. Guess what I got a fourth an idea for fourth episode: I love it. I have an idea for a fourth episode coming soon when we move into our new studio the content out the ears out the ears and uh to anybody super chat. If we didn't get to it, I apologize again. There was a lot of them and we were trying to keep things flowing, but we do love you and appreciate you and uh. Thank you for that all right, guys so monday, andrew yang, and then you know, take it from there right the regular next week, um. Well, it always gets confusing we're recording next week, but I guess it doesn't come out until the following monday. Well, we have cody code. We have cody excited about that yeah, so codyco being recorded next week, uh it'll be up for members at the end of the week and for non-members uh the following monday, so the lives are going to continue to be on fridays. Yes, that's the goal: cool nintendo after dark, edgy, exciting you never know what you ex gonna see might be ethan bradbery coughing on people, and it might be some lady getting put in a hole in the living room. It's just crazy! All right guys, we'll see you uh, we'll see. You then have a great weekend. All right appreciate you tata.