[Music] welcome my dudes, my doggies and my Kazee boys to the gazebo only zone I'm your host ethan klein. I am sick as a dog. This is my beautiful pregnant wife who I love and adore she's, the angel of my life in the light of my life she's, everything that I've ever hoped to find a partner and so much more Lila climb. I am so sick, I'm, delirious I'm out of it. You know, you're still embarrassed by my introduction. I see yeah, it's true. It's all true and so much more. Thank you. I am so sick. I am completely out of it. Yeah I've been pumped with all the quills, the bacon wheels, the knight coils, the Twilight quills. What do you get when you combine nyquil and dayquil I'm in the Twilight? Well right now and start a Wiccan quill, oh yeah after today, I'm gonna be weekend coiled out, oh, and thank you to our sponsors. Audible me, undies, LinkedIn I almost forgot about those great dudes I'm, so out of it. So this is gonna, be a roller coaster ride guys. Thank you for joining us on this beautiful blessed. Friday Oh Friday, don't we all love it so much? Yes, I'm happy to share this special day with you all. We had Tom Segura and Christina P. Two of my favorite people on the planet were scheduled. Beer on Wednesday I was sick. Unfortunately, we're gonna get him back on here soon, I love those guys went to Disney yesterday with my family, which made my illness worse. So, but you know what that's enough about. What's going on in my life, let's get to the science of. Why we're all here today last week- and it's been part of the show mythology I would say. Is we have these Twitter polls, which really illuminate I, would say some of the darker parts of our society, not dark in the sense of being tat being unethical or nothing to be feared, but I'm on dark in the ocean shadows in the shadows and that it hasn't yet been uncovered or looked at yeah we are, we are great, searchers weirdoes great discovers. We are now all the pranksters do like social experiments. This is real [, __, ] she's, the parent dude I, want to be surprised to see some of these Twitter polls being quoted in such reputable articles as Wikipedia. So we have one last week about. Do you smell on your hand and you fart on your hand and smell it I'm. So out of it, do you fart on your hand and smell it? So first we did do you like the smell of your own farts and most overwhelming. Obviously, yes- and there was some nice don't understand it like I- got it kind of upset, because I feel, like you were kidding, but you're saying that you're serious but like you're kidding well, the poll speaks for itself yeah. So, first of all, there was some disbelief that people liked the smell of their own farts, but then we took it a step further. We said: do you fart on your hand and smell it, and most of the people in here, except for Zach who's? Only honest being here was like what is wrong with you. They say they say Ethan, you are a you shouldn't exist, they say to me. So let's go to this poll because this was a prolific vote. I would say this was a paramount benchmark vote we took place here, have you ever smart farted on your hand and smelled it a hundred and twenty four thousand votes? That is a huge number and, let me say: 51% yes, mm-hmm and after this poll I bet you it's gonna go even higher. We even saw a couple when we were at Disneyland and the guy had to tell me that he does it too yeah an ex-girlfriend I said: can I smell your head? Eleni stew I sniffed his head. He had a turkey leg in it and it was a fart and a turkey leg. It was a great time we had there Disneyland, so there you have it guys. This is science. This is real science, we're doing here, amazing, but then so I got an email from a fan, a podcast at age, six, reproduction calm and she blew my ass out with a new one. She wanted to broach with us mm-hmm. Let me read this email from autumn autumn: gee, hello, Ethan and Ella. Lately, on the show you guys been talking about your girls habits in ela. Almost every time has said she does not share these strange routines. So as a heel, kleiner I admit when I'm on my cycle, I will often smell my blood nope, sometimes I find it satisfying and sometimes I find it gross. Lately. My blood has smelled similar to red wine and I've, never smelled my blood when it's in it. Oh, she says and I never smell my blood when it's in a tampon. Well, how does she smell it? This so I hate the smell, and that is why I usually prefer to wear a tampon. Cuz I think you don't smell it as much, but how does she smell it? You just from the toilet. If you wear like a pad yeah, oh then you take it off and it's kind of like a walk. It's like a strong odor, I hate it. What does it smell like gross like body odor or like blood, but I? Guess you like, like stink, it's gross woah, see as men, I. Think all the middle listening to this are like wow I know we're not supposed to talk about this. It's like the ladies pack, girls, don't poop, they don't for it and they don't have their area stink. Did you all know that period stink, [ __ ]? No, what did you think I never thought about odor being involved. Don't know, maybe I'm not describing it right, but I find it bro. It sounds like you're right I mean she says herself she sniffs her period blood, sometimes satisfying some. Do you ever find it satisfying I, always gross, sometimes more gross than other times, if I smell it more, but you think it's all equally gross because she sinks. Sometimes it has extra stank I. Guess that's possible I! Never thought like it smelled like red wine. Does it have anything to do with the volume of blood? That's in it probably, and does it have anything to do with the wounds? Last time you changed your tampon like if how much body, odor and sweat gets mixed in I, don't know fascinating wow. This is new, so you're saying that it uniformly always smells bad and you even go so far as to wear tampons to avoid smelling it altogether. Yes, so what I want to post to our female listeners today is um. Do you ever smell your period, but so we are gonna, make a Twitter pull. Dan you've got the sugar for. Ladies only head on over to a street podcast on Twitter. If your lady and cast your vote, do you ever smell your period? But now these are fully anonymous votes, so you don't have to worry about being outed or being discovered or mhmmm. Anyone knowing about your disgusting habits, which we all have so don't worry, but I am truly fascinated by this period. Blood smell! It's a new concept. It's a paradigm shift, my understanding of periods. How was their early voting I'm very curious, so my initial refresh fifty three votes and it's about 50/50, it's 49 51 right now we're gonna be 50/50, no yeah. Of course, no there's been huge swings, there's been huge, we've had 70 30s and yeah yeah. We had a 60-40 with the front, wiping yeah. No, that's what I thought it would be. I think would be I expected that cuz I, if I'm a woman and I have stinky periods, I'm, smelling it because I'm already saying I smelling my farts I bounced climbing in that that 50/50 ratio in Houlton it's holding steady I, would think that I would be smelling. My period blood, you think so yeah I would be because I scratched my balls and smell my hand, I think I think there's just two type of people in the world. I think so probably the people like are in denial. Like me, yeah you're in I I. Do think that true, you look yeah because it sounds I. Don't want it to be true, because it sounds like you do smell your period you're aware of this man, I hate it I know, but you, but on some level you still do smell and assess it and make some analysis of it. The fact is that you're in denial- and you don't embrace it as something you know that you can get into on a personal level right I, don't know, I'm happy that I got nine months right now. Period went out yeah, but then it's almost like the baby is almost like the nine months of period throw it up, and it's just like, sounds like a break and then a burst. You got something going on just wave. At least it has a happy ending yeah periods, don't necessarily have happy endings, except that they're over I'll be right there with you, I, haven't I, tell you, I, have so much admiration and so much respect for nothing. You have to go through that and I'm not jealous of that at all. I'm, truly appreciative date. Yeah. You need to do that because my god, myself, no I, know I, know that's another thing I'm in denial about that has to happen yeah. Well, it's really just something: it's like up the baby's coming. Let's just do it, you just have to do it. You just have to do it, but you're gonna get drugged. Then you're you're gonna be smart about it and just not the only thing, because a lot of women are like I'd want to do it. Natural I got halfway through when they're in the excruciating pain. They're, like anything depending my sister, is crazy. She she was like no pain killers and she she really didn't, take anything throughout. Well, your your sister's, a superhuman yeah she's, a frickin nature, but in your case, because the the reason women don't better get is because it could take longer right. Yeah. Thank you are afraid that you, because you're Nam, you won't push hard as much as you would. If you're not I prefer. Thank you from my perspective to not feel pain and have it take an extra five hours. Well. Well, I'm, just saying that's an exaggerated comparison, but I think that you'll be but I agree with you uh. You know you don't want to trust me. Trust me, a guy that knows something about it. I have a friend who was like I: don't want it and then halfway through she decided she wanted it, but then it took longer because they didn't have it prepared for her. Oh man and the whole time she was just like give me when you get the painkiller. Is it like no pain, like total numbness? No, probably helped I think it helps, but I, don't think, because when I I had a young I, don't know I had a huge mole removed on my back as a kid I think I must have been uh, you know 12 or 11, but it was a really big surgery where they cut it out and um. When they gave me numbing shots, it was extreme, extremely painful. It was so painful these shots I was it fries cuz? It was just a shot. I think this one is also painful, but I felt nothing like zero sensation and I was awake, but I think I think you're already in so much pain from the country. What do you call it? Contraptions? Oh, the contraptions, yeah so I think the pain of that shot is like driving. Yeah. Compare actions yeah so I think I think they have amazing medicines. That I think will really minimize the pain you experience. But the thing is like when I had the surgery on my back, so I felt no pain at all, but then, when they finish, they had to sew me up and the doctor had to cut. What do you call that when you electrocuted categorise cauterized, he had to cauterize my flesh together, so he basically he literally like burned my flesh together and that was [. __ ], it wasn't paid I couldn't feel the pain, but it felt so weird those being electrocuted how'd that smell I didn't smell, flesh I just found it was just a wild sensation, dude but um yeah. So there's a couple: people who responded, I do and I secretly think it smells okay, yeah there you go exactly I, don't think exactly I think there's a very interesting and healthy discussion guys. As of this moment, it's actually exactly 50/50 and then there I'm not sure what to choose, but you can't avoid smelling it, but it still grows mm-hmm. So there you go I! Think there really are two types of people in the world. You know and I. Think now is exactly 50 I think that's what it boils down to. You know people who are in denial, as you said, and some people that are like I'm on board, with smelling your variable. Mike I bet you the same people to smell their fear. Perry Bloods also smell their farts and they probably catch their vagina and smell their hand. Probably you know all right well fascinating stuff here guys. This is a science experience, experience beautiful, beginning, fascinating, yeah, I love it. What else we got here? Oh another fan submission. This was the best freakin video I've. Seen in such a long time you guys, oh my god, talk about TLC. We've been talking about TLC a lot, so this comes from Discovery, oh and it's a reader, yeah yeah I, know they're. Like hang on guys, we got to stop. Make wait. Planet, Earth, [, __, ], cancel that we're working on a new show, show called diagnosis or diagnosed me and we're gonna do epic reenactments of these of these diseases. Now this guy run suffers from ceaseless, belching and cause. He cannot stop burping, he cannot stop burping and they reenact it. And, oh, my god, this is from Devon Mears, oh god, but this is the best thing I've seen its own before his condition began, it's kind of scratch. You hear that yeah here I think I might know. What's up hold on one sec, we're all set up here, very professional, always prepared and very live. That's right, folks how you feeling you feeling pregnant I feel really tired and I. Think that's part of this yeah stage. How was Disney for you yesterday, as a pregnant lady I, couldn't go on all the fun rides like a boring, mom I felt so bad for you as I rode all the awesome rides and I'm already lame. Yeah you're not lame. It's not your fault! You're amazing! You have a [ __ ]! You get you're growing, a human body in your stomach. That's amazing! As a guest, pretty cool yeah, you know laying your freakin awesome, wife. Recently, that's love, baby and horse. This is the reenactment. I was confused. That was like what am I watching, so the burping sound is insane it's always like, and what I soon learned is that the burping sound bite they use is a sound bite from the actual guy. It is so he's actually so what they're doing is playing the actual girl and the guy every time no, you can tell because they show one brief clip of actual guy burping, and so they use that one sound bite and they use it every time in this reenactment and it sounds it's the same, sound it's amazing, I'm, sorry ma'am. It started gradually and east though, like it's like you just burp yeah, it's tiny and he's always like I'm. So sorry, ma'am control. You know when I was at the customer's house and then when I was done, truck I've, just Belgium Belgium Belgium. So we've got the pressure off me. It seemed crazy, maybe 20 30 minutes, but what I don't understand is why do you have to burp so loud, just close your mouth? Well, you don't have to burp loud I. Don't think he can control it. That's a show about it. I, don't think I can control it he's burping a lot, but sure I mean you could control how loud you burp you can go or you can be like not always really never heard you burp. What do you know about? It? I see people burp, but you burp quietly right because you're, a lady I, don't burn yeah. One of us should sleep. You know all of that line. At least one of us should sleep. Look at his waist anyway to the neighborhood during series of tests. His doctor had a bowel obstruction and suggests it's all in Ron's head stop thinking about it. So much belching non-stop for months, that's cuz! That's that's a burp I've, never heard of birth play at my life, and so yeah has to be they're using that sound by going to dozens of doctors. The one cure this yeah they get out. Look at that babe vengeance. Look at this reaction that seemed to work just stopped working, leaving Ron so desperate. He wants to kill himself and then well. I know I feel bad for the guy, but like they do this sound editing where they'll take the sound by burp like here and then they'll like dampen it. So it seems like he's far away but they're just using the same, sound buddy, Ron, so desperate. He wants to kill himself no they're making them look like all the time. Just turning into it's like a Stephen King novel, but yeah he's like a werewolf. What is happening to me, dude finds out, what's going on she panics and calls 9 1 1 records, they said there's nothing we can do for you. Look at this gas is a sign to mental health, counselor Lisa Gus in her questions open up, although he does this doctor when he burped I, didn't see the guy do that he just fit every criteria for anxiety and depression. He my way turns out. He needed an antidepressant really and he was a manifesting anxiety in an unusual way and he's cured now fry believe it you do know. What's on discovery, you can't be wrong. They wouldn't lie to us. Hit me with that: soundbite Zach, that's the burb! The first time I stopped I wish I could watch the first time with you guys, because the first time I saw this I was just crying. He does. This [Music] think he's worth being like a thousand times a day and he's surprised every time it happens. Baby D disorder, combined with clinical depression, I poke through those things where I'll burp, I guess I got out of the problems, stimulates the brain in a certain area. I love that that video can gem, my dudes so shout out Wow having a lot of fun here, dan. What's the pull out, let's take a look. We've got refreshing, 4951 man at this this tree and favorite. What well yes, is going down you. Actually the yes is slightly down, but I mean oh yeah. It's 48, 52 48 for yes, 52 now, oh, so no is slightly edging, so that makes it feel more realistic. Um I feel like the margin error, though, like you got to say, that's it that's a split well, the problem is that you have to vote to see the results, and so a lot of dudes out there. One is that right. When I see the result, it says, ladies only so I I know, any dudes are voting. There's got it. I wish there was a way to view the results. I agree about it's so messed up because, oh you know what you got to add a third option that says I'm a dude though then it doesn't affect the fricken. You know what yeah that's, no new everyone do a new one, erase that one Dan and start over with a third option: I'm a dude, no vote impressed Thank, You, Mila I've been trying to say for many years that I'm a brilliant mind, because there's a couple guys here, including Ian from Smosh. What did he did? Well? They said I'm a guy, so this is sexist. Oh well, do you smell your period blood here you smell Pam's period. Blood I, don't want to like I won't. Do I'm kidding. Okay, I, don't know anymore. Your excrement I mean you go cookie live I'm, so you got a cookie just straight on the table like that. We have plates um. Alright, the tweets, the tweets back up. Anybody that already voted. You got to go back, you're obligate. You should leave a comment and explain why we reposted it I, don't go and [ __ ]. This is a [ __ ] stick and I don't give a [ __ ] the Ian's brought cookies I'm like him, every time, I see Donuts or cookies, or something on the table. Well, who the [ __ ] brought these I get angry as I eat them. Cuz I'm, like I, don't need this [ __ ] and it's always eating. He was trying to feed me. Oh, it is always the end. I know he's a feeder and I yell at him. Every time I say: don't bring this [ __ ] here as I eat three of them. Okay, we go to a break, or should we move on to the YouTube? Oh great system is broke pretty early for a break time. I. Think YouTube too we're at 24 minutes. Okay, you Paul yeah. What is it? Is it a big difference? Well, I'm a dude is winning, but if you remove that we have yes 28. Yes, that's true and no 24 oh! This is this is so important. This is so important for social experiments are flawed, violent, fundamentally flawed in a violent well, no, not all of them just gender specific ones. It seems like oh, not fart on your hand and smell it. That's the big one: okay, kela! Don't throw up my science I think it's the only guys in my um can I get another cookie. Those are incredible. Okay, I got something to complain about here. Everyone who likes to hear me complain about YouTube. This is just a fun little anecdote, so I got a claim. Oh you actually brought me a cookie laughing. I didn't need that oh yeah, so I don't know if you could hear that Ethan's mom delivered all of her babies naturally, but I think that was just the time back then isn't it I feel like my mom did too, like my mom would have a lot to say about this, so I can call she can call. It gives me more time to eat cookies, I'm just trying to buy time to eat more cookies. These are same. The [ __ ] wrong, -, all right serese. Let me focus it got this off. Is the worst episode we've ever done? The ball needs to everybody. Sorry, sorry, sorry, everybody, sorry apology! All right here, I'm gonna complain about YouTube, okay, yay, Papa, John, mutiny, okay, this is a highlight claimed by whoever these [ __ ] are for a song sex on fire. Okay, here's an interesting little fact: we didn't use that song, it's not even in the clip, so I filed a diss field and there's not even an option for this. Whatever you claimed isn't even in my video mm-hmm, so yeah there's not even an option of like [ __ ] off right, so anyway, I I. What I don't remember what I did I think I did like I think you just did like it's fair uses. My my use is something I know you didn't use it I, don't know what I did, how the hell would that even get in there well I didn't know what I did but I just basically said in the description. This song did not appear in the video, so release your claim and here's the best part. These are these huge media companies they're just go on rampages of claiming videos because there's no there's no recourse, there's, no accountability, they get free money and they have no reason not to claim every single video I've been waiting for. One of these guys should just claim every single video on YouTube. They like thought yeah. No, you use sex on fire the way the law is written, there's, there's no recourse or or well technically or a false claim. It's so broad. It says in good faith, so I mean you could I think that a claim like this for something that's not even in the video, isn't any good faith but you're you bringing a lawsuit against the company for something. So you know it's just and there's no damages it's like it's pointless. What do you? Wouldn't you know what I'm saying you would need to have like a huge class-action lawsuit to show like tons of damage over, like thousands of users would be so complicated to actually, but that we litigate that way so expensive and complicated to litigate that and they know it and as far as I'm aware, they've never been held recount accountable for this. Yet here's the options- these are all these, except for fair use, I think or well. Most of them, except for fair use, are just like YouTube's way of being like see you later idiot. Here's what you get when you try to dispute it, I own, the CD, that's YouTube, being like SIA I! Think if you click that they're, like you, don't have a reason. You don't know what you're talking about yeah I'm, not selling the video I'm, making any money. That's the skip. I gave credit in the video. That's the skip. Video is my original content, I own all the rights to it, so that one's fine I have a license of permission, that one's fine meets fair use, that one's fine content is public domain, so those ones are all fine actually find claims to make so I, don't remember which one I did but add their response is what really makes this powerful? They responded by I disputed it and they responded by rejecting my dispute. Who is they and there's this huge media companies? I, don't know YouTube, no, not YouTube news, media company, I, don't know what sp a you know. There's like seven of them. So I said hey. This is your songs, not even in the video. That's the first level you dispute that and then they come back. They rejected my dispute and they said ah I, don't [ __ ] care, I'm, keeping it sex on fire. I thought worst thing is that they accused us of using Kings of Leon. I didn't even know what that was some pop song I. Never it's like what so I'm like okay, that's insane the fact that they would dispute it. So now I am forced to go one step further in the process, and at this point you basically say your songs aren't in the video leave me alone and they help the option to strike and remove the video. So there's something wrong with YouTube, though, because three of our last three videos have been claimed like the frequency of claiming videos and just erroneous and shameless claims, have Scott I mean three of our last view. Any it sounds like there's like a bunch of new companies that have like a whole division. That is just this I think they claiming stuff I think they have tools, because you cannot go watch videos. They have some kind of automated tools that match it in this case it's wrong and they don't even put in the effort to reviewing it. I mean YouTube has got to regulate these people because they're running amok right now. It has not been this bad ever I, don't think, and then just to show you guys. Where was the video of all of our t, monetized videos, dan, the PDF I, don't see the PDF I opened a tab of it. You should stop eating here. It is again for you, it doesn't work Tim all right forget about it. You got to put on my desktop next time, so that's about it. I'll show this pic when we get back. This is the best episode of everything. This is the one that will be remembered for so we will be back with that picture. That you're promised we've got a lot to talk about celebrity ASMR, a bunch of amazing videos. Elon Musk is a weeb and a call from GB ASMR, who is got some channels that we've talked about he's got choice words for me: she's got a beef with what I've said about a smart and we're gonna squash that beef here today or ramp it up. You know bro, so stay tuned, y'all, there's so much more h, lee podcast after these messages, thank you to audible for supporting the h3 podcast. What would it look like if we all listened more listening to audiobooks motivates us inspires us and brings us closer together for our audience? Audible is offering a free audiobook with a 30-day free trial. If you want to listen to it, audible has got it just go to audible.com, slash h3, podcast or text h3 podcast to 500 500 and browse their unmatched selection of audio content. Start your 30-day trial download an audiobook for free and start listening. It is that easy, my dudes! There is no better place to listen than audible, because now audible members get even more exclusive audio fitness programs, audiobooks, audible, originals and, more and now with audible originals. You can experience even more custom content made exclusively for audible members. I'm gonna recommend a book to y'all that I absolutely love. It's called the subtle art of not giving a bleep, which is the F word, but it's bleeped out. This is a this is an unorthodox motivational book because there's been a whole kind of slew of like self-help. Gurus saying that positive thinking is the answer to improving our life, and this guy says no positive thinking is not only not the answer. It's the problem. What we need is to accept that we are all damaged, life isn't fair and what we need more is to just stop giving a Frick it's hilarious. It's Rob, it's powerful, I, highly recommend the subtle art of not giving up bleep and it's very well narrated and it is available on audible every month. As an honourable member, you got one credit good for any audiobook. You choose to automatically. You can't get anywhere else. Hubble members also get access to audio fitness, health workout, create exclusive or audible, plus your books or yours, to keep with audible. You can go back and read, listen anytime, even if he can't see your membership, then like a book exchange it no questions asked so get started today with a 30-day trial and your first audio book is free, go to audible.com, slash a free, podcast or text, a true podcast to 500 500, that's a UD IB le dot-com, slash a stream podcast or Tex Avery podcast to 500 500 me undies. You all heard me obsess over the amazing colors and prints, but did you know they've got the most comfortable, lounge pounce and tease? Finally, my dudes just in time for winter. This is this is like a one-piece. This is like a man skirt. This is like you know how girls wear skirts from top to bottom guys. Worst girl, skirts heal me just my dick, a little bit guys wear skirts from the bottom up. This is just to prove to you how breathable and comfortable and incredible huh me Andes. Is this? Doesn't even hurt this isn't even a wedgie that bothers me. I could go walk around in public like this to be perfectly happy and comfortable and warm. Let me tell you: mandis love celebrating fall season and Halloween prints check out the jack-o'-lantern prints me undies, socks and bracelets. The best part is when you join me into you, can get all this stuff, lounge pants, tees, undies, every gay, damn thing for less than anyone else. Especially remember pricing is just one of the many perks of joining membership. My dudes, they are the softest underwear and plainly as to see I've got fun prints that I can match with socks or bra. Let's 100%, in fact, I never said. Satisfaction is guaranteed. You're gonna love these things, it's an absolute guarantee. If not send it back, it's risk free. You get a refund, they burn it. They incinerate it, you get your money back. It's a win-win. Mandy's got a great offer for our my listeners, 50% off and free shipping on your first purchase with me undies, it's a no-brainer. Look at this hey guys! It's a no-brainer, I'm sick, it's winter when I'm home I'm wearing these a lounge pain, it's my dudes! So for 50% off the most comfortable undies you will ever put on go to me: undies comm, /h 3, that's Mandy's, comm, /h, 3 100. The right people can make a huge freakin impact on your business and that's why it's so important to find the right people. But where do you find those people? You could try posting on job boards, but less free, let's be frank, with each other who's on job boards, weirdos, all of them? Ok. Instead, you need to find the person's can take your business to the next level, and where do you find those people on linked-in? That's right! As the world's largest professional network, people go to LinkedIn every freaking day to grow professionally and discover job opportunities. 70% of the US workforce is already there. What that's insane LinkedIn job matches? People do your role, based on more of who they really are the skills interests and even how open they are to new opportunities. This way, your job gets seen by more of the right people. Most LinkedIn members haven't recently visited top job boards, but 9 out of 10 of them are open to new opportunities. That means you were gonna, be stealing the best people from the best jobs, because yours is even better, so you can only reach them on LinkedIn and that's why a new hires made every 10 seconds using LinkedIn. Now now new hires, every 10 seconds and business rate, businesses rate LinkedIn, 40% higher than job boards at delivering quality candidates, guys if you're looking for the right, employee, head and hurry on to linkedin.com, slash, kick ass and get $50 off your first job post, that's linkedin.com, slash kick-ass! That's one word to get $50 off your first job, post, linkedin.com, slash, kick-ass terms and conditions apply. Welcome back everybody to the period blood smelling experience the missing PDF I was trying to find for you guys. I just want to show you YouTube's been on a crazy unmonitored just out of nowhere, your old [, __ ]. Look at this. Try to explain half of these prank invasion a closer look. These horrible designs are unreal. Crappy designs, prank invasion starts World, War 3, it's PewDiePie, racist choice channels are ruining society, crazy, feminists, triggered by lyft driver. That's a title, so cringy crazy, feminist gets triggered. That's so cringy to the different time. Wasn't half featuring humongous dicks out for Harambee we're just like a kids I mean it's like give me a break that video is demonetised yeah because it has a asterisks I. Think all we do is a face one. No, it's the most wholesome Joey salads, the deleted social experiment, prank invasion, the dangers of social media girl, virtually assaulted in GTA, SIA Israel, a vlog. It's a vlog baby love your body, Alison gold, DJ, Khaled, Exe, kissing pranks, the original DJ Khaled celebrates hold you down, Alison gold, abcdefg, and so many more it's just older stuff, but like these are a lot of our main big videos. The people yeah 71 I mean a lot of them. Are old, probably like twenty or thirty of them are, but these these are our cream of the crop. These are our money. Earners I mean yeah cuz. They still get views over. That's a big. A lot of the old ones are unlisted, okay and but the ones I'm showing you are our big earners and some of our most viewed videos so and, and the they don't tell you they just like. Just a day ago, I saw just randomly in my email, like five new videos, like of our biggest ones like not suitable. It's like okay, it's weird! Why yeah? Why? Who cares so shout out to YouTube and to the copyright system, for helping to encourage creators and to be a very encouraging environment? Now, since we created this, do you smell your period? Blood pull and added option for I'm a dude. The results have swung quite a bit. Yes, because I can see a lot of just being like no that's gross right. Let me see the results, but the majority is giving us yes in this in this scenario here. How do you feel about that EULA I'm surprised, but after doing this, podcast not surprise, surprise nope. Alright, where were we yada-yada-yada? We got the mail bombers car we gotta chase his criminal down. Let me get a some more. Let me do this a small segment cuz. We got GB standing by to give us her opinion. I came across this celebrity ASMR playlist, who put this together. It was like a huge magazine. Oh it's, a W, Magazine yeah W ever heard what the hell, what did they do? Actually? What does any magazine do 20:18 trying to make a viral videos, so they have celebrities, do ASMR, but I, don't really they have a lot by the way. Cara I, don't notice they're. Never you guys, don't know who she is: dauveen gal, gadot, Aubrey, Plaza, Kate, Hudson, Ashley, Graham, Emily, Ratajkowski, cardi, B, and so many more, some like they're all females by the way, which kind of supports my theory there's a bear. Jake Jill, yeah! Well, there's one guy, but otherwise it's all females which ports. My theory, that Gibby is gonna, try to dispute, which is fine, G me that this is largely used by men, that, like the commercial companionship of females and I, feel like especially the one with cardi B when you show it. Oh, but first I want to show what most of them. This is actually the most viewed one by Cara, that's five million views and I, don't think they will she's just whispering yeah. You really mean what did you say: um I, don't know: I'm Cara Delevingne, but she's, just whispering and I. Don't know why she has two mics. Why does she keep switching mics? It's not really a tomorrow, yeah, that's a big part of it! It's because they're panned, hard left and right so like us in the back right now is the headphones, we're hearing her in one year and that's like that's part of it yeah but I think you're supposed to like use it for like, but she's no excellent. We have an expert on the lot of us. At any rate, it's ditch it's just it's just a celebrity whispering. You know, yeah a cardi B, on the other hand, does give it a fair shake. I'm actually impressed she didn't know if it was like she's answering yeah. Look at this. Did my Vickers straight up at full, half-mast right now, yeah wonder if she smells her period blood. She probably does Party beat probably next time, you're approaching a girl that you're interested in you're like gosh, she's, amazing she's. So out of my league I, can't even talk to her just remember most likely she smells her period. Blood life too yeah dude, just remember she's here when she sniffs her period, blood I'm, getting tingles I like the hand, gestures, she's, got her hand out and she kind of flaunt like scratching my back or something virtually right, dude she's so into it. Oh yeah, [, __, ], it stroke it. No don't you think it's kind of weird with the mics in there oh she's doing welding she's [, __ ], oh god, she's taking both of them at once. I decided and I was like what the [ __ ] I am tingling in all the right places, but she is actually doing it. I feel like she is okay, I want to know what would you be think so, but yeah so I think we've properly set it up. So let's get the expert on the line. Gb ASMR is with us here today, GB. How are you god bless you thanks for joining us hi nice to meet you thanks for joining us here today is our resident ASMR expert. Now your channel is quite big and it is very popular you're, very good at what you do. Apparently, and so. Thank you. First of all, I have to ask you: do you smell your period blood? We were just talking about that in the room because we were watching the beginning of the podcast here kind of, like you have a preference to that. That would have come off really weird. If you didn't know what I was talking well, we were saying that, like that's the that's the consensus, is you don't really have a choice right, but the question really well: okay, let's we don't. We don't need a diver, you do, but you think you you smell it against. Your will seems to be your answer. No wait. She said. No, she doesn't know who's. You know it's not pleasant. I would not voluntarily. Okay, excellent crit I'm glad we got to the bottom of that now. What did you think about these celebrity ASMR segments that I just shared if you're watching those yeah I've actually seen those for the W? It's a women's magazine yeah. It's actually really cool to see celebrities doing a Tamar, because you know just a couple years ago. It's something that no one was talking about. Warren had her had heard of like I've been watching it for like eight years mmm-hmm on YouTube and so I know. My channel saw like two years old I've been watching it forever and like I, was always embarrassed to talk about it because when you come in on it at first like this is kind of weird like objectively, but when you see people like cardi B like doing ASMR, it's it's less weird, so they're sort of mm-hmm making it more normal, and so what is it that I got wrong or what did I miss in my original segment about ASMR videos, because it to me I think people I've previously spoken that it does seem to be like the popular ace of our channels are ones of cute. You know cute young girls, not not young young. You know what I'm just young ladies an attractive young. Ladies and it seems you know as a guy. It's a nice kind of way to get a companionship and relax, and you have kind of a wave spending time intimate time with a girl. Do you contradict that I? Don't think you're wrong! I! Don't think! That's everything, though, okay I think most like most people who have never seen it before they jump in on it and they're like oh. This must be a sex thing mmm and while you can absolutely find ASMR videos with sexual overtones, you can find sexual anything. You know people will always utilize that to get views or you know to gain popular too quickly, or maybe it's just how they like to do it, but a smart though, like I, keep asking people like over and over again I'm like so. Why do you watch it? Why do you watch it and just like the overwhelming response, it's just people need to de-stress. You know like they need to relax and it's free and it's accessible and more people enjoy ASMR like like nightly like they just want to sleep, I think, but I have heard and I'm even myself, like I've used ASMR when you feel like lonely mmm, and you just want somebody talking for a while on a video but I just think you could do that with any YouTube video yeah, but there's this kind of the whispering. You know this there's a sense of intimacy and like the ticking and all this stuff, you know it's it's it's. You know, you know what what is a popular misconception about ASM more people get wrong. You want to correct that. It's not just sexual. You said you said intimacy because it I think that we can all agree that it's intimate yes but I would say like it's more intimate in the way that, like like, when your mom like put you to bed and she's like rubbing her back and singing you a song, you wouldn't want a stranger. Do that to you, but it's not sexual and so I think like when somebody gets I, think you know it's not sexual. What I think yeah I think for a lot of guys. It might be like that, but I I agree that I agree that it's not only sexual though but I know like within the intern. It is dead like no I, don't want to embarrass too much about it, but he in it is a fan of yours yeah. He was just watching you the other day right here, I'm honored in well. Let's move on then he'll build up the courage, as we could say, to talk. So how do you feel about this? One would cardi B. It is very sexual yeah. My ex are like dude. She was phallic I, don't not! He was given a double blow. That's an unfortunate microphone shape, but she was like yeah, but she she listens to ASMR a lot I'm like we've known that before, like she's, not surprised how, because you can tell them somebody's actually seen it before and they get it. Yeah I think it's hard to explain why, like I know she gets it, but she does no. No, you can tell me good with those love that do you know. What's your demographic between male and female, on your analytics, mm-hmm I'm, sixty percent male and forty percent female interesting, pretty good spread, my male skews way more than that got like 85% male people are watching your videos. Do you ever get any creepier emails or tweets from guys that get like there's got to be some guys to get like overly attached with you right, probably a fringe I'm sure about literally so. What's the craziest [ __ ], you seen there have been a couple people where I had to like get police involved. Whoa people are unable to sort of separate the distinction of like I'm speaking to an audience and not to you specifically, hmm I know. A lot of people have had that issue. Not it's a lot of like personalities, and you know people who talk to their audience and stuff like that. But I had this one person who sent me like tens of thousands of messages before I even saw it Wow. Where did they stalking, as if I was responding to him? Oh, my goodness that wasn't freaked you out when she first thought. That's very freaky: where did what what platform were the messages sent on facebook? Messenger yeah like a friend like they were a facebook friend well I had a page for a gba tomorrow. Okay and people could just send messages to it, but I wouldn't get notified Wow hazards of the job now. Finally, I want to say again in is a big fan of you. He's I mean I, don't know if you're familiar with Dean he's a big important part of the show and he's a really cool guy. We like him a lot in. Would you like to say anything to G B here, since we've got her on the phone I know, you're a fan seriously in wait. He was just talking about the good word. I can't hear you, we can't hear you and they hear you can every well yeah yeah yeah, he said, keep up the great work and and also- and also he in, was wondering if you're single well, we appreciate you, we appreciate you know getting on the phone and talking with us and yeah bring some clarity, because it is interesting. It's wild! It's! Oh! It's weird, like you acknowledge from the outside. It's strange, but I have to tell you that I do when I put it on. You know you do kind. It is nice, it is nice. You know, oh yeah I do kind of like yeah and is there and do you know if, like there's a the opposite kind of people who hate whispering? Yes, I think that likes misophonia I. Think that's, you know, there's two type of people in the world, some people, you know like you, you hear the sounds and you get like the tingly feeling and it's like. Oh, this is really nice. Some people hear the sounds and they're like I want to die exactly yeah I'm saying. Well, what do you know I'm? You know I'm, not that I feel like I wanted to die when I see your channel and I. Think of someone whispering is not pleasant. Sure I, don't necessarily feet tingles, but I do feel kind of like a lightness and a pleasant sensation. You know it's like extra relaxation yeah, it's nice, it is nice q. Are you gonna? Do some guess some more for me? Do you ever do a one like for your boyfriend? Would you ever do like a one person, a samar sesh? He doesn't get ASMR. Those like super unfortunate, well I feel, like that's kind of ironic, I, guess and unfortunate that your boyfriend doesn't experience any some more I feel like that's going expert for a girl, really could've been something there yeah that could have been some great there, but it would be interesting to do like a one person ASMR show or like you could actually like. It's almost like a massage in a way like if you have like a ASMR therapy right, huh, yeah, ASMR spa keeps popping up there's so many using and some in New York. It's call it a whisper launch, I think whoa about yeah yeah, so people are really exploring with it now and chairman Singh and doing live, shows and things like that. Do you think it will ever become mainstream, or is there going to be something that's always hard to explain to people? It's compare it to a couple years ago, like it is crazy. Mainstream now, compared to so I think it's really only going I mean because every time it sort of comes up in the media, we get more people in the community who are like. Oh, my god wait. This is really relaxing yeah right, we've even seen like Howard Stern talked about it. All. This celebrity doing it's like yeah. What if there was anything like ASMR that was so weird but now is like our seemed so weird, but it's now fully accepted by everyone right. A lot of people didn't get like twitch when it came out like gaming. Like live straight like. Why would you want to watch somebody play video games? Just we can't make that joke and we were like. We have got GB ASMR GI bi ASMR check her out. She is the best in the game. I've listened, it's I get I, feel it's nice. It's relaxing he's a huge huge fan and we wish you all the very best yeah and thank you been a blessed weekend. So thank you all right. That was GB ASMR, and so we learned a lot from GB. Didn't we yeah. It was interesting that she acknowledged that it is because I thought she was refuting that it's like it is not sexual, but are not sexual but like intimate or like a lot of guys are like like the intimacy, mm-hmm, not sexual, but like intimate, but she did acknowledge that. It's that and it's more which I think I agree yeah, but um she's, a professional. You know yeah, so there you go there, you have it mm-hmm, GB, ASMR, all right Ian. How was that for you? He like his hair, yet I can't Wow I can't hear him through the speaker yeah. No, there you go yeah that was incredibly embarrassing. Yeah and I was trying to talk. It wasn't working that didn't help. Okay, like you, do find her attractive right, Ian I think she's very talented at what she does. It's such a diplomat, it's okay though, but she does have a boyfriend in so we realized guys for that. Take it easy, [Laughter], she's cool yeah moving. It makes me wish that I enjoyed it I feel like I'm missing out. Have you tried, though you know? I just know that I don't like cuz I, actually I gave it like a good shot for five or ten minutes and I. It was very pleasant. It was nice and then cuz like I was watching like a cute girl and I was like okay, I'm gonna find a dude, yeah and I, and there's this one I showed it like a gnarly, bearded, dude and he's like insane like he's all over the place, and that guy is like a king mm-hmm. So I wanted to be like alright, it's not about that, but yeah. That guy was was just as good mm-hmm, but also you're, not really supposed to watch it you're supposed to just listen right. Put it in the background. Yeah, let's be frank, being cute, helps you in any field. That's true! If I was more handsome, you think that I wouldn't have 20 million subscribers. If I wasn't more handsome, you think that people that I wouldn't have more subscribers in PewDiePie he's handsome. That's why he has 60 million all right I mean well, it's well known. My quit actors be attractive. They say the first rule of dating be attractive. Second, rule of dating don't be unattractive. Third rule ask them if they smile in their period. Yeah. Third, real sniff, the period blood, the sniff test as it's cold. Why wasn't there a Seinfeld about period, blood? Ah you're slipping? Actually, the difference is about the same but 18% yes for 10%, no yeah, 68%, I'ma, good, I love it I, love that I love it all right. Moving on Elon Musk is a weeb. This is an incredible story that needs to be shared with the world. He was banned recently from Twitter because he was shitposting so hard that Twitter was sure he was hacked. His security was compromised and they said there's no way. These are genuine tweets. We need to shut this down. There were no it's okay, so let's see what was it that got him banned. He first begins with I heart, anime, 40 or 50 thousand likes I own, a chibi Wolverine. Now, by the way, how did you feel about it? Cuz you're? You have any man and you're a fan of villain, I love anime. So do you love him? In him even morning, well he's just shitposting I, don't know. Do you like him? Less, no I, don't like him less I. Just think I just don't know what what's with the tweeting I, just don't really get him like, like he's so I, just don't know why he's trying to be like an edge? Lord, all the sudden. It's like a midlife crisis. Maybe it's like dude you're, the coolest [ __ ] greatest dude. Ever you don't need to shitpost I, don't have to try yeah, you don't need to try I mean it doesn't. Make me like I. Think it's funny, I think I think that I'm I, like him just as much as I ever did I love you on Musk I, support him and his company's on 2% and I always will I. Just don't know what you know. It's just a little unnecessary, maybe but yeah, and then he tweets his favorite anime love. Your name. I haven't actually seen this one, but apparently it's like a drama. I. Don't really like news! This I don't really like anime dramas. That's I like like action enemies, because for me it's I like the fantasy aspect, I like the magic, the power, that's what I I didn't watch drama, anime I can watch drama in any form. Cartoons is not real. That's what you get sick, ass, [, __, ], magical powers, because you can't actually do that in real life. Skip so acts that one Elin calls himself Elon Chand, Elon Musk is a weeb and he responds ahem, Elon Chan. What I mean? What like? Where is he picking up this terminology? What does trolls read it all day? That's what I'm saying like what form is he spending? Because the problem that that makes me concern is the people that talk with these kinds of memes people who like joke around like this? Are not the people that I want getting inside Elon, Musk's, beautiful, pristine, brain right like I? Don't want him spending time on 4chan or anime subreddits. That's, maybe that's what it concerns me it's more than what it means that what he's! Why does he know all this stuff, like you, can what you could I like anime but I'm? Not you know hard, it would be more fun for me by the way, then it on musk. We need his brain to be in good, clean, pristine, beautiful shape, not ahem. He launched in look wherever he learned that I don't want him there and I'm, not genesis evangelion, that's amazing and I'm, not what you say. I just noticed that the meme that I don't know if he posted or somebody else below, but what it said yeah it said million mean it's whatever. Okay. Thank you Dan! Oh this I. Don't know that or the origins of this one, it's just a pun off of a famous anime um, so Ilan continues hey, what's going on with two-factor for Tesla count, which is weird because it's actually like a business related question, although it's not directed to the right place. So justifiably he says you want to buy some Bitcoin, which I think was probably when Twitter was like this shit's weird yeah, again, Yvonne I, don't know where you what's going on what forums you're browsing and we got to keep your brain, beautiful and unaffected and I'm, not criticizing the people that do spend their times on that forum. I'm just saying some people we need to protect. Elon Musk is one of those people. You know I'm a cat girl. What is this [ __ ]? It keeps getting weirder every time. I click here, ok show us your bow that cosplay he says actually I'm. Actually cat girl, here's a selfie right now. Ok, now your Twitter right now, what's your call, suspend or keep open exactly see where they came from to whatever ends up spending is suspending his account because he assumed he was hacked and then finally, we end on send me your dankest memes, he tweeted what the [, __, ] and then feet up. I said meme review when he said midnight I, don't think that happened, Elon Musk there you go what a world what a world we live in. You know what I'm saying my god, but I will say on the on the on a beautiful positive note of Ellen's yeah Tesla, the most exciting, progressive risk-taking future forward company that this world has seen in so long Tesla. The automaker of electric cars has finally become their there. They have blasted the expectation everyone was expecting them to lose those those those money. They were expected to lose 19 cents per share, their quarterly earnings came in. It went up two dollars, 90 cents per share. They made a profit for the first time ever smash expectations. Model 3 has become the best-selling car in the United. It's in terms of revenue and the fifth best selling car in terms of volume, the most revenue best selling car in the United States, unbelievable the model 3 these guys I love, Tesla everything you doing I'm so happy that they're making it and they're making money and they're turning a profit, and it's pretty amazing I mean especially here in LA. You see it everywhere. I know everywhere: brand-new model, threes everywhere, I have a lease on a s and it's open a year and I'm gonna I think I'm gonna get a Model 3, but I find it so amazing that as a company, they released the model 3 with same features even better and for a lower price. The thing is the model 3. The performance version of the model 3 is way less than the Model S that I have it's faster, has a longer and longer battery life, which are the two things I care the most about mm-hmm, it's a little smaller, but I, don't really give a [ __ ], mostly, and it's more modern, it's more futurist! That's why it's gonna be so huge. So, like the model, the model 3 performance is like the craziest version you can get is like seventy thousand dollars. I know that probably sounds like a lot to most of you, but comparable cars that go. That speed could be like ten times that much yeah yeah, like a Model 3, go zero to 60 and like like three seconds. The closest thing to that is like crazy, like Porsches and Maseratis, and [ __ ], there you're looking at two three hundred thousand plus dollars. Seventy thousand bucks and it's got like three hundred and twenty miles per charge, but then it's just it has so much more, and this is not a commercial. No. Everyone knows far past everything else and the auto drive is so useful and then it's fully electric but the real. The real thing. The real genius, too, is the infrastructure they've built, there's so many superchargers. Now that you can actually go on a long distance drive, which we've done many times and charge a car fast and reliably is that is that the case outside of California yeah yeah? You can drive your problem. Do ya huh? You can do a road trip is really impressive. I mean that's the main as the main hurdle that everybody we drove cross-country for a long time. We drove to Vegas and they're, adding more and more every. You know all the time, but yeah lots of people drive cross-country in their Tesla's. Now wow, it's really cool, so that's cool and and anyway, I will be sending my dankest meme studio on Moss. Who will congratulate him on his excellent performance. So what else we got here? I got a lot of videos but I'm, so freaking owned. My throat is so [ __, ] I wasn't even sure how you were gonna. Do this I wasn't sure either because we first started this I was like delirious I was saying something to Ella she's like I. Don't even understand why you're here I was like all right. Well, let's go alive hope you were to come with talking today, I can't. That is true. It really happened. My throat really hurts, though I probably shouldn't talk that much, because it's not gonna help. Spending 14 hours at Disney yesterday was not helpful, but we were planning that trip for a year, so I would be god, damn hmm. If I wasn't going. Let me see I'll save this stuff for next week, but let me see- and hopefully oh maybe we could get Tom and Christina next week, oh yeah, that we will definitely reschedule cuz I saw some people worried I, hope we can do it next, because I have so many great videos. I want to watch with them. Mm-Hmm I've got questions, but a lot of more videos, the period blood we talked about. Obviously, congratulations. What is this one wiping technique? This guy said this was funny from that by the way questions, video suggestions, anything send them to podcast at h3h3 productions. I'll come love to hear from you guys this one comes from Andrew Bentley. He said he learned about the wiping technique and he tried it out, but unfortunately, on my third try with front wiping it ended in such tragedy. I had revert back to back wiping well I was trying to utilize the scoop technique. My my wrists accidentally make contact with poo poopy water wide and, needless to say, it solidify my trust and the tried and trued method of backward. Then how do you get? He says, unfortunately, I have to conclude Ethan's wiping method is too dangerous. Second! Well. What? How deep are you yapping like that when I am NOT, when I say you have to lift your balls I'm, not kidding dude, you have to like lean back, though no II do you cup your balls. When you wipe for back to front and a little you don't, but you great I mean you have to like grab your dick and balls right in one hand, you can go around well the way I. Do it. I lift my junk with one hand, I stretch it up and I can I don't dump into the toilet. That's for sure I mean yeah. Obviously keep your head out of the toilet, bowl dude me, my god, I can't we need to like get a life-size mannequin and like have like a full-on demonstration. Don't you bring this up and you just you scoop right under like that. You got your leg up right now, though see this is what Oh in objects he's. Actually he's got a different technique. You want to come. Show us yeah come in here. Are you coming god, you're spent, yeah, you're being so lamb? Come shows how you wipe your eyes, come on good, get in here wide your legs and then side around you go directly under wait. What how do you go? You go you go under the balls? Yes, are you guys spread the legs wider and go around round? He goes around. The mountain like from here sure come show us come on I'm, genuinely curious. This is the science episode you shakin. Is that no way to embarrass I'm not blaming hold on okay? Well, at least, let me understand, because now I'm intrigued, you go from like this. No, you go from the front, so you come like from like this yeah I can't see. Oh you open your wet legs using a wider leg out super wide right right, right right and you don't go under them. You go around them. You figure sit like super. Well, you got homework. -! No wait! Hold on do you [ __ ], with your legs that wide in that's a wide stance. See guy I! Don't go that way! Oh, oh! Oh I understand! So you scoop it! Your dick and balls - like the left, cuz I, put them up against my gut. You say: well what I'm trying to understanding is you're not coming in here and showing up all right, I'm, tired playing pictionary with you, the Solidarity between the front wipers is cracking. You know, you're the worst pictionary partner I've ever had switching to back after the conversion, Ian's mad at me today, I embarrassed a little bit, but her boyfriend doesn't even feel ASMR in so there is a chance and I think I did Laius skied heels, shaking ahead very disappointed. What else we got so that's about it. I have a lot of other submissions, but I think I'll save it with the hopeful hopeful that Tom and Christina will come next week. So again, a somewhat light episode, I am very sick. I should stop talking immediately and get in bed. Now you are a champion for all right through this day when you walked in today. Look at you. It's like [, __ ] that dude it should be a better. Thank you for saying that Dan the show must go on you know. The show must go on and I'm and I appreciate everybody who tuned in on this blessed mm-hmm, blessed Friday and I, appreciate all the boys and back who I want to always express my appreciation to Dan the producer in the interns act, the sound boy, love them all and they're all worked so hard to make. This show great and you know, cheers to him and I hope that in with his new I think, there's uh I think there was a spark between him engineer. I really do so I'm, looking forward to see how that develops and blessed blessed weekend, it's Friday, my dudes yeah, it's a beautiful thing, hell yeah week and, of course, a huge appreciation to all you, Kazee boys who come and spend your day with us. I hope, I've entertained, you I, hope, you've, laughed I, hope. You've thought I did not intend to make you cry. I hope you didn't cry, but if you did I, don't know why wasn't my fault here, boy tears of joy from laughing so hard and enjoying yourself so much all right make sure to burp yeah right where hate me with it. So here comes here: comes, can you crank it Discovery's crazy. Alright, guys have a blessed weekend, and we shall see you next week right here on your favorite Podcast is the music playing? Oh yeah, your favorite, but the h3 podcasts the only place where we do science and we take polls and we're getting to the bottom of it real time. Real science, real people I've said it all. Bye, everybody, [Music] [Music],.