Welcome everybody I got a little ditty here in my heart today to the h3. Podcast live live only on twitch TV for slash h3h3 productions. Today's episode is sponsored by movement, naturebox me undies and, of course twitch, prime subscribers, like you today we have the legendary totalbiscuit and, of course, for all my ela Kleiner's out there, the only and original hula kleiner next week, I'm excited that we have dr. disrespect here with us. If you don't know who that is, he's a really cool, twitch streamer who's really captured. My attention he's a pro gamer, but he's just super entertaining interesting guy, so that should be a lot of fun the week after that, I am excited. We have Jordan Peterson right the week after that, if you guys don't who Jordan Peterson Peterson is, he is a like a psychologist, something but he's this caller he's a scholar, a really smart guy. If you guys want to know the schedule for upcoming episodes, go to our new Twitter account at the h3 podcast and we're gonna be posting our live schedules there and and upcoming guests. If you guys have questions for dr. disrespect, we'll put a thread up on the subreddit, so you can put them there. We forgot that today and okay, let's introduce our guest totalbiscuit, a prolific, video game, critic, host commentator and legend in the video game world. He is the host of the popular podcast dqo, optional podcast, on his youtube channel and on twitch here totalbiscuit, the cynical brit I've been a fan of this guy for a long long time, ever before, I ever even made a video on YouTube I was watching. I was playing, I was obsessed with Starcraft 2, and that was how I found out about him because he was a shoutcaster back. Then those were those were ARC days for me as ela recalls masters consumed my whole life, but we'll talk about that when the man himself joins us. So please, if you would welcome totalbiscuit to the podcast, have a seat. God bless you. Thank you thanks for joining us. This is how it's supposed to be done. Isn't it we want to lay down on the couch? We've got like a little there now. I know what happens in Hollywood, we're working on pitching a show and I'm wondering I have not raped enough people I mean so far I'm at zero right. Well, I mean this is oh, it's a good number to be at I'm. Just thinking, I, don't know some more though you it's kind of thing. You need to get started on earlier. Okay, I'm behind I got a lot of people in Hollywood that are just way ahead of the curve when it comes to that absolutely yeah. Actually, let's just talk about that sure. Why not nice and easy yeah? Why does everybody rape, everybody else? Well, you know it's a good question. Well, I wasn't uh raped? What is it rape? What's ready? What's the deal? Well, I wasn't almost kind of surprised, but it seems like this Harvey Weinstein thing has really brought out a lot of dirt right. It really does like it seems like God knows how long this has been going on for, and people calling on an open secret, but how much of an open secret can it possibly be if this is what it took to get people to really talk about it? It's like this is obviously been going on for a long, long, goddamn time he's been at it for decades now sounds yeah I can't be the only one. It's it's. It's completely blown my mind as I've seen the list of women and not just like secretaries and colleagues, but like a list. The biggest celebrities female celebrities in the world are like this guy sexually harass me I was like oh, my god one. You can never think of right. What's our lean ahead, Lisa recently about it like good lord, that's it's ridiculous and you know you even see people like Terry Crews coming out and saying look, you know this is a culture of this in Hollywood and it applies to women and to men. It's yeah, that's the weird one. Yeah I started that Quentin Tarantino said: I knew enough to do something about it, and I should have done something and he's like that's what a lot of people are saying noted on something about it's like yeah and I have to wonder like why? Didn't you I can get why an aspiring actor or quest were supposedly with him yeah a lot of stuff. It's in a way, though, and in a way it's like it's refreshing, I know he [ __ ] up right, but it's refreshing to see someone being honest about like I, should have done. You up yeah, exactly nobody's saying that that is that way. It shows that it's actually a [ __ ] up situation, they're like more than you think, because people know about it and let it happen yeah they did and you can understand it when it comes to an aspiring actor who's like look. This is how it is. This is what I need to do to rise in the industry, but you're. Looking at people like Tarantino, you know the kind of people who should be basically untouchable. Yes, who were in a position to do something about it? Didn't you know you got the whole whole jumps yeah that they really are. You know that, complicit by the silence, if you have a if you're like good friend and colleague, is you seeing them every once in a while, like you know, acting inappropriately it's like at what point do be like intervene? It's it's a sticky thing, I think most people didn't understand the depth of it too, because I heard anecdotes of women being like him saying, don't tell your manager, don't tell your agent, don't tell anyone about this. That's like holy [, __ ], it's great yeah, some good, certified rape yeah a lot of thoughts. What do you think? Do you think that the power of the position made him more rapey or do you think the position is what he was already a rapey guy and the position of power is what attracted him to go. There. That's got it's hard to say in it. You know. There's all idea. Absolute power corrupts absolutely, but there's got to be something wrong with you at some point. You know, because there's got to be plenty of people that do not do that I'd like to say so. You think, like the thinking out of faith in humanity left by I, hope so sure you'd like to think that there are not people that do that, despite having a position to be able to do that yeah. So you know it sounds like a guy was a piece of [ __ ] and if, once you go into a position where he could be a piece of [, __ ] to more people, yeah and then have other people cover his ass, which is in itself even more disgusting. The fact that he could do it for so long and so consistently and just think that he was gonna get away with it. It's pretty incredible. Well, I mean for how long did he did yeah? You know he pretty much. Did the culture of Hollywood enable them to do it when you go to the UK and this [ __ ] is one of the most disturbing the story of Jimmy Savile Oh God, who was on face value? The creepiest looking person alive dude for an ounce. He like Samuel anoints, Sabol I've, said that I heard it recently yeah. Definitely jimmy savile, but I mean we all grew up, knowing that guy cuz, he was on our TVs, where he's creeped out by him as a kid, or did that a little bit, there's always something a little bit off about it. I mean I'm gonna pull up a picture for those of you don't know, but this guy. Well you this guy was a child entertainer beloved by the whole country, yep and basically immediately I mean look at this guy [ __, ], kids, you know, he's beaten, raped a twelve-year-old girl during a secret satanic ritual. Now this is a guy that o wore less little red spectacles and had a giant cigar in his mouth like it was a larger-than-life children's entertainer and apparently he did that and he also chanted hails that bear. Might this is on the Express? That's not a tabloid. Like that's a real newspaper in the UK. That's something well respected! Telling Jimmy Savile was involved in a satanic child. Oh dear oh dream stone that was really disturbing. It was fun while it lasted that's so anyway. As soon as this guy passed away. Apparently, all the sudden I was like oh yeah. That was the most evil man alive, but he never. He never had no one who got his whole life ya know what no one ever about this he's untouchable. Goddamn, untouchable, yeah I was, in the era of you, know, kids that grew up watching that guy and we'd never considered that, apparently we're all really bad judge as a character. Yeah, oh well, so I want to start by talking to you about well I found you through my love of Starcraft 2 and I, love that you're wearing the Starcraft 2 hat yeah. There's gonna be some one that continues to represent that game cuz. Nobody else does well I stopped watching a long long time ago, I mean I must have stopped playing or watching it. Nearly it must have been three or four years ago, yeah Elite or before we even got married, so must've been over five years ago, but I found you through my love for that game, and it's just really surreal to be sitting with you now, because I was making videos or I was not worried. Yeah you in the grand scheme of YouTube, you started relatively recently yeah. There are youtubers in the world yeah kind of that's kind of true yeah, but now I just want to, because I had kind of a falling out with Starcraft yeah, and a lot of people did at some point. I'm just wondering like. Do you think that that game was the rightful successor to brood war and Warcraft 3 and the large, like the legacy that Blizzard had built with like strategy, competitive RTS games, I mean I, think it was but I think like Starcraft 2 is very much a 2010 game in 2017. It's the kind of thing that if they took another, look at it and took another swing at it, they probably would not have made the game they did. You know, but back then that was absolutely the right game to make and if you go back to a brood war in particular, and you can try that now with the remastered version, you can see how goddamn hard that game is it's impossible. Basically, the possible play well and a lot of people are fond memories of Warcraft 3, but they probably have fond memories of the campaign customs and playing dota and win them all and tower defense. They don't have fond memories of playing competitive, one versus one, you know, and if they did they'd know that that game was just as hard right. Oh it's it's about making a game that has like seemingly infinite depth and then trying to get people to continue to play. Something like that in 2017. That's really hard to do. I mean dota and lawl are still really hard games right, but they're the barrier to entry is kind of a lot lower. You just gotta control, one dude yeah make him do a few different things. You know the whole freaking army I mean right. Someone describes Starcraft recently is I, think you're the commander, but you're also the troop trainer, the logistician, the guy who orders the ration packs the guy who orders the spare underwear for the soldiers, like your everything, you're micromanaging, every tiny little part of everything in that game, and it's too much for the vast majority of people and I. Don't blame people in the slightest for that. Interestingly, I found Starcraft 2 to be the probably the best spectator experience I ever had from a he support, particularly good for that's, like people. Maybe you've never watched it before I think that it's a really complicated thing but I was liking. It too, this idea of kind of watching a sports game like a field game like football from up above right. You know you might not know what damn thing about football, but you know if that team is on the other team side and has the ball they're, probably doing pretty damn well right, I think that's very similar with Starcraft, neither you red guy and you blue guy. You blue guys got a big army and red guys territory and stuffs exploding yeah. You know he's probably doing pretty well I think, that's actually surprisingly easy to understand, and then you throw a couple of good broadcast. Yeah Broadcasting's scene was great yeah. It still is for the guys who are still around you know. A lot of people went and did other things, but we've got some old-school guys, who are just very, very good at their jobs. You know so is it I wonder? Is it the fate of every eSport to eventually fizzle out and be replaced by something else? So will there ever be a game that has this long-standing stature of one of these classic world sports I? Don't think it's ever gonna happen right, like there's too many games that follow trends. There's if you look at you know the way puppy works right now right and a huge swell of interest in pub G and its battle royale games. They think right. Well, there's gonna be an eSports scene about this cuz. It's two pi, even if it's a weird thing to make an eSports game over it's too popular too, it was like Hoth snow. It's like possums garbage for eSports. It's it's like flipping a coin, and but so many people want to watch it anyway, that they made scene out of it. Do you think games like that harm, though, like the the overall goal of eSports I? Don't think so, like I think you can watch anything competitively as long as you having fun watching it and people having fun playing it. Then it's totally fine when you think about eSports, you think of like everything, right yeah. How do you, ladies get it to be taken more seriously? I mean I, think it already is like like with overwatch League, twenty million dollar buy-in and the people have actually bought into it from the NFL from the NBA stuff. Just happened with League few days ago, where a bunch of popular teams got kicked out because they all agreed to do franchising for the LCS, which is the big league of Legends League and those guys from the NFL and the NBA buying in with millions and millions of dollars, they're taking this stuff seriously, and even if you've got a bunch of games that do that, like it's almost you know just like real sports. You've got your big sports and then you've got stuff that maybe a hundred people, Jewish yeah and that's the sport and some people still enjoy them and yeah. You know four hundred people watch Starcraft in five years, then 100 people watch soccer after five years, blush sure they're still having fun with it right. You can make a competitive scene out of pretty much anything. You just could have people passionate. You know after the older age of empires, guys there's no French, that's incredible! Yeah, let's still play oh, that stuff still happens, I think it will be like he'll be around forever, but as to how viable it remains. As an eSport, it's gonna be depending on how much how long the money keeps flowing in you know once that stops. Then it becomes an amateur sport because there's nothing that keeps sure people playing full-time. So do you think that he supports are headed generally in the right direction and like? Where would you see it in the next 10 years? Going I mean it's frankly the way he sports going right now, scaring the [ __ ] out of me, like especially with the with with the LCS thing of the last few days. You know, can you explain that so I've been out of the league scene for like a few years, so it's gonna be a real layman's explanation. So if people no doubt point out that I'm wrong on a few things, but the basic level of it is that for LCS that a bunch of teams in there commute what is that else? Something else yes of the Maine League of Legends League right where think the League of Legends Championship Series like and they've, got a big world event which is going right now we look at world champion, okay, where all the teams from the different regional LCS get together and America losers in career wins yeah yeah, but in the case of LCS they agreed to do franchising and a bunch of popular teams just lost their position in the league and a bunch of guys just came in and it was based on decisions other than how good they were. It was based on like how financially solvent the organization was like guys coming from the NBA that big money. It was right there, game developers made that decision, so there's a team called immortals that has really you know they were very successful. They were doing really well in the LCS. They were winning a lot of games. They just lost their position in the league because apparently they have put a ton of money into this new overwatch League, which by all accounts is a twenty million dollar buy-in, like its massive and Riot, was concerned that the immortals team is based out of LA riot is also based out of LA and they have a lot of investments into overwatch and they're thinking. Well, we don't know exactly why they weren't allowed into the league, but there might be concerns that they've spent too much money somewhere, like that's all fake. They see them as like. Investing in a competitor. They could there's been some speculation about that because, because of their like an owl with stupid name, overwatch League they're, like the team's, are not going to be named, like immortals they're going to be named after the city they're based in and the franchise they bought right. So this is the LA franchise for it, so riots based in LA there might be a bit uncomfortable about that, but they might also be uncomfortable about the idea that they've just spent a bunch of venture capital and they might not make it back so they're. Thinking about the financial solvency of this team and the like. Well, what if a team in our LCS goes and solvent? That's really shitty for the LCS, and if you look at that, it's like this is big businessmen and big money taking over what was very much a grassroots thing right and has been a grassroots thing really up until the last couple of years. So is that, is that a good? Is that a natural? Is that a good direction? Because if you look like a tell you look at chase ball, you look at basketball whatever. This is like I was what I was watching a news report or listening to something about like how Americans spend their money. I mean. Sports is like by the sports industry is huge. It's absolutely enormous money right. So, in a way it's natural, maybe good, I, don't know it could be good. You know it's that money might bring stability. It's hopefully gonna bring some mainstream recognition. It's gonna bring facilities, stadiums, hopefully we'll also see a lot of the shady [ __ ]. That's been happening in these sports last ten years disappear as a result of pros coming in what kind of shady [ __ ] yeah. That's like the spiciest to come to my for people who are listening, who don't know anything about eSports like I, think it's interesting just to get in, because everybody sense how sports work kind of different and weird so much if this, the small stuff, like players not getting paid by their teams, all the way up to [ __ ], like there was a literal, fake tournament, I think it was in Malaysia for the pp. Sl guys love this event and then got mugged and had their passports right. Yes, Oh Starcraft. This happen with Counter Strike and everything as well, and a lot of this is because these organizations run by the scam, artists, amateurs. You know they're jumping tons of Starcraft players. They were brought on two teams that just you know the guy just disappeared, I, don't know I. Think I can't remember the name of the organization, but there was a guy who just vanished overnight, like guy that player was asking where's our money, where's our money he disappeared and later it was rumored that he'd had a heart attack and died. But then there was a photo that appeared like a year later on on Facebook of the guy. It appeared to be just living it up in like something it's not like cuz, there's, no regulation, you can any old hooks that can come in and do whatever the hell they like interesting. So it's a mess. So maybe this will help, but also you know if you've got any ideas about growing a little. You know community support a team, a grassroots team. That's going right out the window and stuff like overwatch League is asking for twenty million dollars to buy in never gonna happen anything or is it. You know one guys that are already established. I, wonder if, like I, think like basketball and baseball and their infancy probably went through something probably very similar, yeah but I. Imagine they also had that corruption scandals, metals um that yeah also yet well. Definitely so what do you see as the greatest hurdles and challenges facing eastwards now, but I think it's gonna come down now to can you get enough viewership to actually finance the amount of money they're, throwing at it right now, because they're, seeing big growth of the future they're, seeing enough growth to get a venture capitalist to throw twenty million dollars at a team yeah there's enough growth for an NBA owner to own a team pay money question is which game are they gonna, invest in because right now that's run money at the overwatch league. Is that the big one right now? That's the big one they think Barry? Might this hasn't even happened yet right, like they've, been over the past year, trying to make this league happen getting people to buy in buy these franchises for different cities around the world yeah because they believe that people are gonna cheer for their home team. Even in eSports like a really interesting idea: yeah yeah, it's pretty spicy, but will it work I mean we don't I, don't know even a game that people want to watch enough numbers to make that money back I find it a really hard game to watch I! Guess a messy I think I watch too much color all over I felt the same way. Even though I love, dota, I, clocked 2,000 hours on it, I hated it as a spectator sports, too messy yeah. It took me a while to really be able to watch. Dota I had the same problem League earlier on with leak. It was super colorful, but their tone that down a bit, you know I, think one of the big challenges facing eSports is like. How do you make a game? That's great to play and competitive and strategic, or do you make a game? That's good to watch and - are those - yeah. Sometimes it just takes a lot of work and Riki man. When csgo first came out, it was garbage both to play and to watch. Now it's so good to watch like it's very crisp and clean. You can easily see anybody can see. What's going on, I mean, if you don't understand csgo, you know guy caps for dudes in the head with a pistol great. This is obvious. Obviously I think that's a great existing we'll play all these games and I. Don't so a lot of times. I'll sit with him and I watch. Yeah I can tell you. Some games are really fun to watch. Even if I don't it's important that the skill is apparent. Yes, what - a laser has to be readily apart and that's what's gonna make them big? You know that that's what's gonna make the money that these guys want the kind of level of cash flow that they need to make. This thing is overwatch I, don't think it is I. Think, actually now that you've said that I think counter-strike is the only competitive game where you can see the skill yeah and the play yeah I mean you know this, maybe all the stuff to some extent like rocket League. You know I, think that makes sense to a lot of people, but I. Don't think that I think that, but spaghetti fully hit its ceiling all right. It's not gonna go super huge, but csgo still grown. What that's [, __ ] I. Think counter-strike is the one game I've been around ever yep. It was the first multiplayer game I played over the Internet yeah played on dial-up modem and it's still I don't know. If you were sharing this experience, but I used to play on dial-up modem Oh, nobody had DSL yeah, we all had like 300 ping er. Then, all of a sudden, these sons of [ __ ] show up with like hundred 50 33.6 to a 56k modem yeah that was left. Look at me. I am [ __ ], amazing, it's like no! It's still terrible, though yeah you could download. Those images are like five or six kilobytes. A second, instead of three to four and I, was on [ __, ] technology, yeah, so I think I think counter-strike might be the golden child. Yeah I think it is the wit that the weird thing about counter-strike is: will a game about shooting people in the head, make it the mainstream like as an eSport, because there might be some some opposition to that. You know that's! Well, you look football people over things. These guys are literally killing it right. This is a virtual yes, yeah I mean you still got capping people in the head of the desert eagle, but you know it yeah, there's, probably so more acceptance for those are real people. Yeah I know the problem is yeah. It's when you I see what you mean, though you know it's just general acceptance was still in a place where people are blaming video games for stuff right. You know we still dave. Was the NRA brought that up recently about the Vegas shooting yeah sure, like a 60 year old guy? The reason they did that was cause. He played counters out how they're deflecting these days the NRA? Every time you know video games in real life, not envy or you can have right. You can have 50 rifles in real life, but you can't use them in video games. Yeah. So I recall you saying that you owned a sport, you sports area, for about two years. What did you learn about eSports by owning a team? That's far expensive. What do you, how like cuz? It seems like a low cost thing? What cost you money? So we had a team house that was based in Seoul. Korea Seoul is not a cheap place, though sure so we needed to locate it relatively close to the studio where these guys were playing. The global Starcraft Lake, which was the big Korean league at the time. You've got a obviously paid monthly salary upkeep on the house. So what do you pay? Those guys I mean at the time it was like. You know anywhere between a thousand to a 1/2 thousand dollars a month like so that's it adds up, though, and you have like 10 guys yeah exactly you know, you don't need that many for like Starcraft, it's not a team based game, but you need enough people together. They can practice together and be good. So like where time we had six players on our team, so that was costing a bunch of salary alone. It's not too bad to hire them for that at that time, because they're not paying for food they're, not paying for rent. You know, so these are guys who haven't gone to university yet or a delaying university they're just doing stuff before that military service really right. So they don't really need a lot of money in Korea you have the mandatory yeah mandatory mess, so most most of our guys had actually already done it as we we had like some older players, but they were fine on that because of course, you know we gave them 107th prize money. So it's very like you know if they win 10 grand and the tournament they're sweet, you know. So where did you make my sponsors yeah? We we had a few sponsors like did we ever break even I? Barely, like you know, I must have tossed quarter of a million dollars into that hole and you're broken eventually, but probably with a lot of work that the point were you like this yeah I mean it was a massive time sink I mean even just booking flights and hotels for these guys to go it's in national tournaments. Bearing in mind you dealing with people that didn't speak, a lot of English, yes, you know even their passports, they have their names backwards. We had God knows how many problems with that. It's like. Oh, we can't get on the plane because the ticket says you know it's gonna. The ordering on the Korean passport is like something like surname. First then middle name combined with first name or something like that. So like this, isn't the same person like it is they just write it differently right? So there was all of that crap and or you know it adds up real quick. You know and trying to find it enough sponsors that will pay you enough money and then, of course it comes down to a my guys on big stages, where they're getting a lot of publicity are they're winning and I'm. Often I, don't know that once it's hard to get those really good guys cuz, they got to pay a more. They expect more right and even then the best blame at stock ref to isn't winning all his matches. You know, yeah a champion often goes into a slump like I, think I'm beyond 2016 yeah world champion. He has not won a major tournament the whole year. The thing that I noticed about Starcraft having been in big fan, the most popular players were popular because of their personality and not like you had a drag. These guys were not like on Koreans they're all gone, you know because they couldn't keep up and now it you know there are some foreign players. Who've got really good like Neeb has what has won a Korean tournament, easy. The first foreigner to do it like 11 years. It was that french guy Stefan defano as a fan. He was a party guy I mean I was a third player. He was good, that's all I cared about. He won tournaments, he could beat Koreans personality yeah like I. Think that's one of the major problems we might have right now is that a lot of those guys retired you know and the best players are still in career and it's hard to give a personality to someone who doesn't speak English. You know it's another big obstacle. It's like you when you're you're good at video games between like 15 and 20 yeah, especially Starcraft like when you go fast, like you're gonna, you have arthritis after the game playing Terran exploding wrist syndrome. You know people used to play there and they'd have to have wrist surgery like aged 22, because their right wrist would be so busted up in basketball, for example, you can have someone who's 35 years old and crushing it right yeah, but but I guess that happens in all kinds of professions like models. They can yeah. You've got an age cap on it, definitely but generally in in sports. I think people have a longer a longer longer careers and I think that's important to sustaining it, because you need a cult of personality. You need someone to follow, grow with right, yeah like Kobe these guys play for 20-30 years. They held people's attention for all that time. Yeah it's kind of hard when you have a guy who plays for three years and then disappears vanishes yeah. You know like just like everyone you just mentioned. You know they don't play anymore, it's just not the life spot on them and even the old-school guys, like a fear for dota. You know he's pretty much retired now like he can't keep up it's yeah. It's not a viable career path for most people like I, never recommend it to anybody right, don't know all right! Well, hey! Let's take a quick break to thank our sponsors. I am gonna, use the restroom and get take care of some business, but we have got a lot of spicy interesting stuff to talk about. So please do not go away. Something terrible will happen. I don't know what does that work is, that is that fine, yeah and like superstition, something awful is guaranteed to happen to you. If you switch so please stay tuned and we will be right back. Thank you to movement, the incredible watchmakers, oh my god, oh my god, Wow elegance, embodied in a watch movement, was founded on the belief that style shouldn't break the bank. The watchmakers goal is to change the way consumers think about fashion by offering high-quality minimalist products at a revolutionary price. This price is changing the world just like George Washington did when he crossed the Delaware. This is the George Washington of watches, with over 1 million watches sold to customers in 160,000 countries around the world movement m/v empty watches has solidified itself as the fastest growing company. Just like the United States manifest destiny. It was our destiny to take over every plot of land in this country from sea to sea. So is it movements destiny to completely destroy the competition and the watch game right, EULA and please don't forget, they're, also destroying the screwdriver game. Look at this. This is unbelievable, like we'd like to joke they're selling, adorable screwdrivers that come with watches as accessories listen. This watch is insane I walk around I, get underwear thrown at me. People look at me. I'm and I can tell I'm like, oh, my god am I having a good hair day or something and I'm like oh they're, just looking at my watch. So this watch is awesome and the price is incredible. These watches start at $95 at a department store you're. Looking at four to five hundred dollars for a comparable watch. Incredible Liston movement figured out that by selling online they were able to cut out the middleman and retail mark-up by providing and they provide the best possible price. They've got classic design construction and if you go to MVM t.com, slash h3, you get 15% off with free shipping and free returns. If you're trying to class you up your look, you need some gear. Go there go to nvm t-dot-com /h, so you will not be disappointed with this. Wonderful, high-quality so and also comes with a with a great little screwdriver. Then like the watch gets them to your house. The screwdriver seals the deal you're like hey baby check out what I've got man. Let me see that chastity belt Oh tinker that right open. You know what I'm saying anyway, thank you to the movement and be empty for supporting it. If you're in the market for a watch, please support help could sit. Please consider supporting us by supporting them. God bless america. Next up. This is possibly the best copy I've ever gotten. In my and my time here me undies friend of the show benefactors wonderful people. They make the softest underwear socks, shirts hoodies. They make it soft, just like you or heart, yes, softy, but here's what they sew me undies makes underwears your butt will be proud to wear and check this out. We're not the only ones who love me. Undies! Listen to what this sweet young man Christian had to say they. This is a note from Ryan. Wait! Oh yeah! This is Ryan! Sorry, that's not Christian! This is Ryan Childers an h3 listener and Mandy's fan now this they're like here. This is the best comment that one of your fans said just read this. This is the best endorsement for this product. You can get when I first heard Ethan reading me on DS ad I thought it was an Irish person trying to say me undies the undies. However, after reading many online reviews about how soft and comfortable they were, I decided to finally pull the trigger, because I wanted a pair of those life-changing undies when I slipped on my first glorious pair of me, undies I felt, like the clouds had parted in the sky and a beam of light. Illuminated straight up my ass. He actually said up my rear end, but I'm, trying to dramatize a little bit. They were so comfortable that I knew that the world would never be the same again because of me on DS. My ass is a whole lot happier -, Ethan and yella. That's me and you thank you for doing such a great job and for always sharing your sick memes with listeners like me. Well, thanks for that, beating them and I actually fully endorsed that I mean listen. I plan to have kids someday I got a cradle the junk with the best possible. That was a great comment by the way yeah that was really nice. Mr. Ryan or Christian that was written by Ryan child errs. So who is Christian Christian is uh God you Jesus, okay, he's watching he's a undies fan as well. I rumor has it that their robes he was crucified in were made of modal seasoned Okamoto. That's why he came back he's like s us Jesus, Jesus, listen, my friends to get 20% off the best and softest underwear and socks you will ever own with free shipping and a hundred-percent satisfaction guaranteed. That means, if you don't like it, send it back. You get your money back, go to me, undies comm, /h 3, that is a meet undies, slash! H3 pick up a pair. You won't regret it. Thank you for supporting us and finally nature box. These guys have figured out the snack in we all eat snacks. If you look like ela and you're skinny, if you're voluptuous and thick like me, we all eat snacks. We all love snacks. Well, guess who does it better than anyone? Nature box? Ok, we all want to eat better, but when it comes to snack, sometimes it feels like the whole world is delicious and a billion calories versus boring and tasteless. It doesn't have to be that way up your snack game with nature box. They've got a hundred snacks that taste good and are actually better for you. All. The snacks are made from high ingredients, simple ingredients which means no artificial, colors, flavors or sweeteners. So you can feel good about what you're eating. Please you scroll your website. It's a joy starts salivating top sellers probiotic power mix. That means it makes you I think we spoke about that, but probiotic. It's like good bacteria for your [ __, ] mm-hmm, it's powerful stuff! There's a lot of science going on about probiotics these days. They think that that's the real cutting edge of health I could probably step up my probiotic game. I'm surprised that dried mango is the most popular to be frank but hey. If that's what you're into I skip right past then go to the sriracha roasted cashews, that's my jam! You try those it's a little spicy a little sweet. A little salty forget about it: okay, but whatever it is you're sure to find your new snack obsession at naturebox. They add new snacks every month, inspired by feedback and the latest food trends and professional chefs guys. It's so simple, go to naturebox.com/tyler them right to your goddamn door. It's no risk! If you don't like it, don't eat it. They'll replace it for free, so listen go right now to nature box.com, slash h3, get 50% off your first order. When you go to nature box, calm, that's five! Zero percent! Half off do the math, it's unbelievable nature! Box! Calm! You are not gonna regret it. So thank you to our sponsors. If you're in the market for a watch, some underwear, that's comfortable as ever, and some wonderful, healthy and delicious snacks consider supporting their sponsors helps work the show and now let us return with your boy. Totalbiscuit welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast with totalbiscuit. When I had video game donkey on last week, yeah and I asked him. What does he think the state of gaming is in and he said he thinks it's better than it's ever been. Do you? How do you feel about that? Do you agree, I think, there's a lot of things you can point to that. Will support that opinion and then there's a bunch of other stuff that you can point to that says god. This is getting worse. Like 2017, it's been such an amazing year for games, you think about like every other week. That seems to be something coming out. That's just top-notch in whether it's triple-a or indie or somewhere in between, but on the flip side of that you've got. Maybe the like most insidiously creepy awful year comes to companies trying to really push the boat out in terms of how much they can milk out of [ __ ] they put in games that just takes you out of the experience and interferes with it. You know you've got battlefront on the way where they said yeah. All of the progression is in loop boxes. What they already ruined that game once but yeah they did with the last one they've a second time. You know sad thing is the game plays a little bit better this time, but they've ruined everything else. By saying, hey, yeah: well, let's have all progression. You know what the hell was wrong with like quad 4 and the way the progression worked there. They gave you a few good guns right off the bat and then you could get some of the stuff. That was their personal preference. It was fine and now it's like well, we want everyone to get random, [, __ ] through boxes. No, the stuff you want. No, no, no you've got a you've got to get more boxes to get the stuff you want. You've got a or crafting the next person just say craft, something video I'm, just gonna strangle. It's not crafting it's a pile of [, __, ], random, ass currency that you come up with like you're, not crafting anything you're, just clicking a buck, you're crafting a dollar 25 and you're wrong. You know it's crafting. We've got any question from single mom 95 that is really -. This single mom are you there and I love that name by the way? What's your question bud, so it's 4 TB, first up Congrats on 10 years of mr. and mrs. Bain by the way. Yeah today, you're spending with my marriage is fine anyway single mom. So my question for you, sir, is now that we're seeing an increase in microtransactions and loot boxes and paywall content. What can we do as consumers to combat this got it's hard question thanks for the story. Thank you very much. Thank you very much appreciate that. So you know the first instinct of any was saying. Well, we should stand up. It was a boy cup things and then you realize that makes it not a damn bit of difference because battlefront [ __ ], as that was so 12 million copies freakin yeah I. It's terrible that it's a really unbelieva yes, and this one will probably sell a bunch as well, and we really can't make much of a difference in that regard. Right, but I'll tell you this for a fact: what shareholders and these large companies move really really I keep forgetting it's 7. B needs to be in my face that yeah, what shareholders of large companies really really don't like is a ton of negative online publicity. They don't want to be seeing that kind of thing and Triple A is beholden to the shareholders. So when things like the loot box controversy around battlefront came out, you can bet your ass there's a few shareholders EA saying. Why is that, while there was negative news articles about this game you're making? What is a game on Steam have 30% like exactly you know. Why are all the reviews in the toilet for this? Why is on Metacritic rating tank because of all of this stuff? They do care about that. Why is their Metacritic rating only a 94 85 yeah? Indeed? Well, let's cancel bonuses of the team. Let's fire the dev team as well. Obviously it's like hasn't have been happening forever where these games like, if you go to Metacritic well, they always have like 90s, no matter what, but the user user reviews like on the tank. They call it meta bombing. Yes, the name of it just review bombing in general as well, but that's been happening and it doesn't seem to have just waited I think it slowed them down. Like you, yeah, you had to make a statement. A couple of days ago, backpedaling some of the loose rock stuff for battlefront: did they fix it now? Is it better than it was? Yes? Maybe they fix it more? If there's more pressure applied, you know the problem is, you could get every like hardcore guy that listens to this show reads all of these forums to boycott a game, and then everyone else just goes out and buys it anyway. Who is really into that [ __, ] yeah, so really, all you can do is make a bunch of noise and say look. This is unacceptable. This is nonsense. You know go write a forum post about it. Go make a negative review for the game. If you truly believe it actually makes a difference like it. It's depressing cuz. Do you think well, I can't do anything and like you're, probably right, I think it does do something I think it does make it takes. Sometimes you don't see it immediately, but maybe like within a year it does this well. I could tell you from my point when I go and when I consider buying a game. I'll. Briefly, look at the reviews and if I see that I'm passing yeah and some people will as well and it's right when people do that and I think your point was really valid. When you said, maybe it doesn't have a night well yeah yeah, maybe the next game or maybe the thing they do in a year's time. The baby there's a change there or who knows how much worse it would be if people haven't made a noise. That's true! You know we might reach this point years and years ago, if people hadn't been resisting it. It sucks to be in this constant state of feeling, like your hobby, is getting ruined by some [ __ ] in a [ __ ] boardroom, and you have to constantly yell and be angry about things. It's [, __, ], exhausting. We just want to sit down play video games. Man is there any great games that are doing it right, I think this is actually more than doing it. Right, then, are doing it wrong, like the news gets covered with all this negativity but who's doing it great right now, I mean if you look at it say their company. The brought out help light right like Ninja Theory. They made hell play a game that looks like it looks incredible. It's looks. It looks like a triple-a title. Their release is the thing for $30 single-player, only no micro drones that hasn't snowed easy. Let's call help late, hell, bleep go buy that game it and it's incredible and you think right. They made that on their own without a publisher with no [ __ ], it got really well reviewed and it's sold really well. Look at cuphead sells a million copies in the one believed looks so that game's really cool. Actually beautiful, look at stuff like that, but the thing is this stuff, maybe not as incredible as stuff like that, but good, coming out every single week and there's stuff to support. There's you know, go and have a look on Steam fine, so it looks interesting. Give it a try. You don't like it within two hours refunding you know, give some attention. If you think these triple A's are bullshitting, you go play something by an indie, because there's tons of interesting stuff out there. It's really looking for your attention, support that. So let me switch gears a little bit because I know you've been on YouTube. You've been in eSports forever. You've been on YouTube forever, - yeah 2010 was on a start on the YouTube stuff. So one of my questions is: what's your opinion on adblock I mean it's ultimately there's a few ways to look at it and you got to be kept very careful about talking about adblock, because why? Because I think people get really militant about it, like I, think if you read read forum, threads or subreddit threads about whenever a site has bad ads or whatever you'll see like those building. This is why I have adblock block on YouTube I. Guess I'd walk into YouTube in particular, it's like in theory. The way the system is supposed to work. Is it's a free video and if it's free, that means you're the product right you as the viewer of the product, you're being your data is being sold? You are being sold to you're, not kind of our customer as a viewer and, if you add block it you're taking that kind of out of the equation and really, if Google wasn't backing it with infinite money, YouTube would be dead. You know as a result of that I guess: that's why nobody cares and what I've always wondered about is why do you think that youtube doesn't stop it cuz? Surely they they could I think they could get more aggressive with it, but I think they're afraid that if they get more aggressive with it, it actually raises awareness that ad blocking exists like they're, still very large yeah. It's like what I was saying earlier about. You know: battlefront sells 12 million copies, even though hardcore were like gamers and people in the industry know it's [ __ ], a bunch of other people just buy anyway, like they'd. Rather, people just didn't know about adblock, and particularly in the mobile space right like they make a lot of their money now through mobile ads, because ID blocking is not prevalent right, whereas, like you look at a PC audience, it's very prevalent there, but it's less prevalent. I'm, like you know, I'm surprised frankly, by how little people still don't use it, and there is a growing number of people I found of those who intentionally turn adblock off on websites like to something that's great yeah. You know it's important though it is their right to do it. You know it's not not illegal about it and everybody finds ads annoying. What bothers me is that if YouTube was better at directing and targeting ads, they could put [ __ ] up there. It will actually interest people and not be a massive interference. If and if content creators don't take the piss, you know they're not mid rolling every five minutes, they're not shoving ads in people's faces. You know, I think watching a 30-second ad for a thirty minute. Video is pretty damn good. I'll tell you. We just got cable right: I haven't used cable in 20 years, yeah I'm, watching a late night show and I swear to [ __ ], it's an hour long and you have commercials throughout 5-minute long blocks of commercials. Then he comes back on. I was watching Jimmy Kimmel yeah, and then he does an integrated ad for Coke coca-cola yeah. That's another two minutes long, it's just a straight-up ad sketch for Coke, and then it goes back to another five holy fun, yeah I mean I, think some Annette uses, maybe don't know how good they've got it. Yeah, Andres, shirt and I think a reasonable amount of advertising to keep content free on the internet is great because I, don't think that'll be a boring stuff. The right thing to do no I think it's great that people can access this content. A lot of us have had to resort to other ideas in other ways to make a bit more money and that's on us. You know we're responsible for making sure we have multiple revenue streams and then we're you know we're building good, solid businesses. We can't just rely on one income source yeah. We should get as many as we can, but I just it would be nice if we could find a middle ground, but the problem is that involves other websites, not taking the piss. When you here's an example like I went to PC gamers website, calling them out right there on my iPad right and the whole screen was covered in a full screen, app that I couldn't get rid of and now I start scrolling down the page and it Scrolls up to another ad that covers the whole screen. Yeah like it's cancerous. It's like you did this yeah I mean that's what causes yeah and it bothers the [ __ ] out of me. Youtube is responsible with ads as as much as a website like that can be yeah, but yeah I mean I. I mean I use adblock at home, I disable it on YouTube I do yeah and I go up YouTube right, although the best way you know if the office service, like that, that's cool, you know, I use that yeah I have like I. Have it on one account on the other one yeah, it's no. My Starcraft account so I. Keep that reminds me to go back to our main one. Every time I see and I'm like what the hell up. What's an act. Well, I guess: I might my opinion on is like it is a bit annoying I feel like people on the Internet in general are just so entitled to free, [, __ ], no I mean I used to it right, yeah, it's just like par for the course where it's like pay, yeah watch an ad. Do anything to support this person who does for a living I mean clearly. None of us here are struggling, but in general yeah. That's the difference between being able to do this as a job and not being able to do. This is a job and yeah I think it's it's just important to focus less on the people that choose to adblock and more on the people who are wouldn't support you in another way, yeah! Because, let's be honest, you know someone who buys a t-shirt. That's worth a lot of that's worth watching. If you buy one t-shirt, that's worth watching like 10,000, be exact. You know to use youtube bread in particular and I hope to spread it out to more countries like red is really good for creators. We get a big chunk of change from bread yeah and we do really well as a result of that. I just want YouTube to make it a worthwhile service, because, if I said to someone- and someone asked me- is YouTube bread worth the money, I'd honestly probably say: no, it's not well we're. Actually one of the best marketing things they could do and I actually do like the product simply because I get to stream music from it. - I get Google Play Music. If you get in that service with Amazon or iTunes, Apple would cost $10 a month. They want him, that's how much I pay for read/write or is it 15, it's 10, so basically getting it for free I, just cancel iTunes or Amazon for streaming like new albums. Do it there and do it I get it all. Yeah I mean I used it for the offline viewing and for the minimized. Viewing the background for audio yeah, unlike my iPad or whatever that's great for just like listening to long videos that are basically podcast, which is like all of my videos, so I think it's good for that, the more they can do to make that service more attractive to people the better, because they could quite literally do away with ads completely on YouTube. If the go enough people sign up to that thing and everybody would be doing just fine yeah totally. So your your critic, obviously of many everybody is yeah. Everybody's, a critic, I agree, I, myself and critical may be overly critical at time and there's been a couple times. You've turned your critical eye towards me or eyes in general, it probably was some measure of fairness as well, I, don't so measure of not understanding what the [ __ ] I was talking about well anyway. Well, let's strike here one one of them. I think was that you think that we were a drama channel and so I wonder. Do you still do you think that? And how do you define what a drama channel is I, don't think I. Do honestly not anymore anyway, it it was more of like I, have an anecdote for you right. A few years ago we went to PAX East and we got a little hotel suite near the venue and event was done. We invited everyone over. Just you know, have pizza, have some drinks or stuff like that, and you know we did. 12 of us all use your bus, we all sat down and we watched vapenation and we watched all of your videos. We were laughing our ass of my wife had never seen you guys as you walked with vapenation. She was just in tears variously funny, and then you compare that to something you know a bit later on where you may be talking about. You know mentioning you know, even mentioning like keemstar by name is like invoking Baltimore. You know oh yeah, you saw, and you see, sort of a channel going in that direction and you get a little bit worried for them and you get if I could said, like they're crossing over to the drama sphere and like out away from the comedy a little bit and I think the problem with the drama severe is that anything feeds it right, even mentioning that it exists like feeds that particular subset of content on YouTube and makes it stronger, and it's one of the only kinds of concept that thrives in negativity like that entire, like what is the only way to really get rid of it is to kind of freeze it out completely, but I get you know. The thing to note I suppose, is that the audience for that content are really young for the most money yeah. You know like to the point where there's not even a crossover more from the nob between like your audience and the kind of audience that someone like that would get you know so. I I, don't think. Well, yeah I think you know it also comes like a you know. We talked about in news right. We talked about the concept of important news topics that have relevance: people on YouTube, like the difference between what is news and what is drama like what is something that has a wide-ranging effect on the site. Sure I. You know what happened with Felix, for instance, had some wide-ranging repercussions for a lot of people right, yeah, he's part of the reason the ad pocalypse happened. Yeah, there's no doubt about that. Yeah I! Don't blame him for the ISIS bit, but you know he certainly had a part to play yeah in a part of that right and then, when people report on that. Well, that's important news, but you know at what point does it cross over it into the territory being drama? So what are you? What are you? How do you categorize drama just basically talking about it without adding something interesting that just pulls in views? Oh, my god. The way that I define it the way that I'd split the two in his drama talks about the person, whereas news talks about an idea, okay, and if you can divorce the idea from the person in a sufficient way, then, as far as I'm concerned, you know that's talking about interests. The news is there is there, as that may be in some way, inherently at terms with like a comedic take on things where sometimes you have to do it be more? You have to be more dramatic oriented and that, like you, have to talk specifically about like the people about the people they are and that the situation of how things tie together, because I feel I mean I. Think you gotta tiptoe around that you know it's. The the concern is rewarding that person who has been a piece of [ __ ], with more views and more popularity by having your platform implicitly support them, even if you don't explicitly support them and that can that's a sort of really sucky thing to look at and I've looked back in stuff I've done in the past and thought you know, could I've done that better? Could I talked about this in a way that divorced that person from the argument yeah, and sometimes you can't. Sometimes it is really hard to do yeah. You know, I, don't think you can talk about someone like leafy without talking about yeah yeah, of course, so it's it's to his content is to tie into we could like in that situation. You could make a video about that type of genre. Videos I mean it's possible, but it's interesting to think about it like that. It's just weird, because we won't you got a you know in a way you have to give the people what they want. Yeah, like you know you do you look at like content cop, for example, as drama, because he is all about the person right. He is in a way because it is more dramatic. They have more watchable more Juicy's for entertaining both right, it's funnier! So would you consider that drama or how would you divorce that? Do you think he does that well, I mean I think sometimes he does yeah it's most of the time. You're right. He goes straight in on the person. He goes for the jugular and a big way like it's vicious in many ways. You know you watch his latest one and you look at stuff like what he did at the end. You know the diss track is comedy gold. There's no question about that and talking about that guy, as a person is important enough itself, because you're talking about an inherently dishonest personality who is consistently lying to people, misleading kids, scamming people misrepresenting his life in a big way, I think you're never going to be able to completely divorce that from Java right, but is it justified? I mean probably yeah yeah yeah the guy deserved everything he got and then some in that I think he's a piece of [ __ ]. One of the things like back when drama was really becoming a thing or something that really bothered me about leafy and some of his contemporaries was that they didn't they didn't care who they made a video about right. No, they didn't yeah. Then they end up like just [ __ ] on some random 12 yeah. It is like they have no morals like in that respect, then I think. Maybe when you get to that point, the only approach is to hit them back as hard. If not harder. Mm-Hmm half of me makes me wonder if it just the kind of person who enjoys that would just revel in that notion. You know don't even care who's getting made fun of, even if its leafy himself. How does that help him in some way and I? Don't know it's it's hard to know. You know when you have a really large audience. You've got a responsibility one way or the other yeah I've responsibly. All of us do to try and make the site better to try and encourage a culture that isn't [, __, ] horrible and to also try and make content that is gonna make us all money. You know it's gonna make advertisers happy, but without compromising our creative freedom, that's a real [, __ ] tricky, balancing act, I think one of the problems that happens is when you have a huge channel with a lot of influence and they don't respect that influence. Yes, that can turn that can turn sour yeah I mean you look at what [ __ ] t Martin Crowe syndicate did right. Yeah I mean that's literally scamming children with gambling that that was basically he yeah. Well, they didn't, they didn't I mean there's still the cause. I know I think it was I I, think it's gone, I think they've been nice, fathers I know charges. There was still a civil case going on, but the FTC ruling came through and it dropped right. They didn't find them, but they did impose a bunch of restrictions like if I don't if they ever want to do anything sponsored ever again. They literally have to submit all of this [ __ ] in writing to the FTC for like ten years or some [ __ ]. Do it, though, because they were supposed to do it from the beginning, good question: well, who's gonna hold their feet to the well. Hopefully after you say yeah, hopefully they pissed off the FTC enough that they're on their radar now there's a little guy called Tom. Ak did a really good video, where he analyzed the ruling and there's actually some quite restrictive, [ __ ] that has been aimed at both of them, and you would hope that now that the FTC has said you are gonna play ball and you are gonna do everything by the book that if they step out of line, if they even [ __ ] breathe wrong if they come down on them like a tunnel I hope. So that's what you would assume to happen from the yeah. What you would hope you know I mean, but they all imagine that they got sued for like and find millions of movies. No, but that didn't happen. No I think they're totally fine as I understand it. But let's circle back to that because I want to say there was another issue you criticized us for during the apocalypse yeah we were say. Are we made a video talking about how like YouTube's, changing and we're gonna have to find different ways to make money, and we can't make videos like we used to and and generate the revenue and I. Think you are you made a video saying that we were didn't, make a video yeah. It was just a soundcloud podcast where you were saying or what was your point there I don't know, I can't remember which bit of that that was a 45-minute [, __ ] podcast, something about that. We were I, guess exact, are your CPMs were good yeah I never showed our earnings so yeah yeah. That was what it was, and that was like totally [ __ ] wrong with me to do, because it's weird to look at your own data think right. Well, CPM should, in theory, be fairly consistent across different regions. So, if I'm, looking at my data and I'm, seeing strong, CPMs and I'm seeing a good fill rate and then you've got a channel, that's bigger than that's getting a lot more views than mine, that's getting you know very American oriented audience, which is the biggest ad market. There is in the world yeah to see to imagine that a channel like that could go down as far as it did and, of course now we know that they did this D monetization [, __ ] that we didn't know about. They didn't even tell us, they would show that it was completely fine, yes, yeah and only till like this month they started showing that it was actually not that yellow yeah, but because we I didn't know about that. Nobody did. This is a real [, __ ] problem. Nobody knew about any of this [ __, ] and YouTube didn't communicate it to people. Well, let's do it and of course, a span of like one week we went from making about $3 CPM to 25 season. Yeah and, like I mean in your defense, we didn't show any of their earnings. Just that's generally, just something we don't we've never done for for whatever it's like old-school etiquette. Yeah, you don't share, I mean it causes so much drama. Yeah I mean there's no question about it. You know I'll cop to it. It was wrong to say that you know to bring that into doubt. In the first place right it was [ __, ], I, just I mean I appreciate you know, but again I it's fairly defensible and in a way because- and that's part of what was so sinister about what they were doing, because you can have someone like you here, like I'm, actually having a really good amount, seems to be good and Casey was he just thought we were all bitching yeah and now, just last month, he's posting on Twitter, like a [, __, ] YouTube for not monetizing, my video and it's like man. We we've been getting killed out here for for a minute yeah, but I. Guess that segues to my next point, which is that we're both critical people, it's a part of part of our profession. What we do do you have you ever gone hard on someone or something and later with distance and retrospect, come to regret it or be like yeah. Maybe maybe that was not the right way to approach it. I mean honestly, if I look back a lot of my old stuff. If I could go back and redo a lot of my more negative videos in a way that was less based around the kind of firebrand, almost entertainment, pundits, Kanna style, doing things and just being a bit more constructive in the negativity I, probably do that, like I, think a lot of my old negative stuff was like over exaggeration of you know: oh here's, a really bad game. Look at how she this is ha ha ha like I could have used that time to look at something that was better or at least more interesting right, and you can rag on something and it's entertaining to just rag on it. But it's like well. What purpose did it serve? No one was gonna buy that shitty game in the first place, no one was gonna care, and if we did criticize something did we go too far to try. You know maybe to make people more interested in watching our videos by being hyperbolic yeah totally I. Think, like the thing I've been considering on the last couple years, is completely killing the cynical drip run because I don't think it actually represents what we do anymore. I, don't think it has for a while. It's it gives a you know. It gives this whole of angry video game, nerd vibe, which were not you know he was always in it for the comedy, and that thing is like a obviously a schtick right yeah it is, you know it's a persona. Yeah I, don't have a persona when it comes to critiquing videogames. Right like there may have been a bit of one back there, but these days now, okay, so I'd love to take a hatchet to some of that old stuff. I really would and look at it and say: look it either. This game is a waste of time and we just ignore it. Cuz no one was gonna even care about it. People that he cared about it. Cuz I told them to look at how shitty it was. You know you feel bad for like the devs or you just think that it's not a good way to I was think it's a bad way to use an audience as time. I got wasted the audience no yeah, but it's not an entertainment channel. You know I mean if that's what, if that was the purpose, did they get more views? Those way totally yeah, okay cause they did, but I look at it now and like I, really want to use that channel as a platform at a time where there was over six hours, the good guys yeah, oh [, __ ] interesting, is right. There's 6,000, Steam games coming out this year at on C's [, __, ] thousand right and there's a bunch of stuff coming out that no one's even looking at that's good. It's like really good. It might not be perfect, but it's interesting and it's unique and it deserves some support on a spotlight so particularly over the last few years, with the diagnosis being a not being able to work as much. Let's come right, really clear and a focus that time is a very valuable resource and not just my time. The time of the viewers so I should be making something that is useful to them right and you know poking, you know, kind of doing the entertainment poking holes. You know if something, that's obviously shitty, isn't it that you know. That's not useful. That's a good point. That's a really powerful! Think yeah! That's cool I can see that from the way that we make videos to like what we're gonna just find something. That's like too obvious I, don't know and just make a video about it or really make an effort to find something more interesting, I mean you're, never gonna hit gold every time yeah, you know in my art my our goal is to entertain people. I know it's different yeah, but still we also have a order, which is what to talk about yeah. It's it's honestly come to the point where we just don't make that many videos anymore on h3, cuz, I, just I refuse to force myself to react to something that just isn't you don't either people don't deserve to be made fun of or it doesn't deserve to be [ __ ] on or it's just not interesting. It's like yeah weirdly. Sometimes those videos yield good results, but it's like you have to [ __ ] tear it out of you. I want to ask you this question and forgive them to go girlfriend the moment that I posted about this on our subreddit. Every single question was my raps gay I know I'll, try I'll try to take this in a direction you may not expect. I was like what the [ __ ]. These people are relentless. Oh yeah. It was like every single way and thanks to our dutiful mods, for who cleaned it up and removed 99% of it part of the traps gay. But do you maybe well first you can you explain what what I do yeah yeah yeah I could totally do that. So we run a little convention in the UK every year called Cox con. It's started off as a joke like Jesse Cox who's. You know, longtime friend, co-host of my podcast being around forever went to a show, will call gay MOOC on in the UK, and he told his fans hey to where we can do a panel. Gonna do a meet and greet was great second year. He gets more involved with them and he tells people to do it again. Well turns out the show cancelled like right before the event was supposed to start like literally a day before they didn't have the money. So people were in the UK. That's spent money on hotels, they spent money on flights. They gone often to do Jessie felt personally responsible for that, because he's endorsed that show. He told people to come to see him so he's like we're. Gonna I'm gonna make this right and he took like 300 people till I get arcade and did a bunch of cool stuff on his old I on his own dime, and he said we're calling this Cox con now and that joke became an actual show. I was like well I, don't get over to UK. Very often, I really want an opportunity to connect with our UK audience and give them a place where they can meet us and actually spend some real time with us on a pretty small scale. You know nothing huge, so we made a convention, it's like I think first year was a thousand tickets and then we expanded it to one the half thousand and that's where we kept it. We could go much bigger than that, but we didn't do it. We sell out every year, so it has. This very small community feel we know a lot of the people that come every year as a result of that so third year in and we have a mixer vendor stuff stuff for the expo floor panels signing sessions all the kind of stuff you usually expect at a convention and Jesse opens the show everything's going just fine, there's like pretty much 1,200 people in the auditorium, I think and he does his little Q&amp;A segment and some guy stands up and he goes just kind of out of nowhere Jesse. So our traps, gay right jesse, has no idea. What he's talking about I saw the video he just looked confused yeah. He didn't look angry all right. He was just like no idea what this person was talking about. He's like what and there's like a little bit of nervous laughter around like we'd hop mic that audience you watch some of the other stuff. The audience is loud like you'd be able to tell if they were happy. It was a lot of like cringy kind of well kind of laughter going on and he asks it again and just sort of palms it off because he's like he can see, people visibly uncomfortable mm-hmm, and he just like takes it off on a tangent and that's that, okay, our staff notices, we have quite a few transgender guests that come like they've been coming since year, one you know regular people, they just come to the convention down a couple of days of no [ __, ] mm-hmm yeah, to have a nice friendly time with a group of people that, hopefully are all very supportive and generally nice people right. Yes, that's your convention, where it's our convention, that's what we wanted to do. That's why it's a small private event! It's like we're, not running PACs. Here we're not running RTX. You know we're not running twenty thirty thousand people, just one the half thousand and the staff see there's a lot of noticeably uncomfortable faces like this girl, who's really upset she's, crying sucks, and the staff makes the decision like what we're gonna do about this. Like we don't know what you know why this guy said this is here to troll the event like. Is he here just to mess it up for people? Is he here to actually upset people, or was you just like a giant cringe Lord like yeah? My interpretation is that he probably harmlessly was just trying to make a joke that just didn't go over well right. Yeah! You see, we thought that until- and this is obviously something we didn't make public. What we'd heard about one of the staff had actually overheard this guy at a bar like the night before cuz, there's a few bars around the hotels that are near the conventions and the ones literally in the convention center when people are hanging around there that I before and drink a lot and apparently heard him talking to his friends about his plan to sort of say this, and this had come up late, I'm like well, you know we don't know for sure. He may have just said that while he was drunk, we don't know one way, the other. We have some people who are uncomfortable at the show. Then they don't feel comfortable being here. We need to do something about it. We need to do something about it, quick and we need to do something about it in a way that everybody knows so. The best way we thought to do that was well. The staff made the decision to get rid of them and like well. I could put it out on my Twitter, because I know everybody at this show probably follows my Twitter. It's got the biggest reach out of all the guests. There yeah, you know it's the best way to do it without doing like we don't do a PA announcement or anything yeah. We want to make sure we could find the guy- and you know, revoke his past and stuff without causing a scene without causing any problems and that's what we did I announced it I saw your tweet and I guess. A lot of people are saying that you started a witch-hunt for this guy nonsense. I mean basically what we asked for, because we didn't. We didn't, have a camera on the guy, so we didn't know what he looked like yeah. So what we did was we put out a tweet saying: hey: does anybody know who this person is, because what we wanted to do was to make sure the staff could go, find him yeah and explain to him what why we were removing him and then remember from the building right like we never released his name, because possibly would never do that. Yeah, I, don't even know what his name is. I, don't know it looks like I had nothing to do with that. So I guess. The crux of it as I understand is that a lot of people thought either you started a witch-hunt or you overreacted, to just a harmless joke and you I guess a lot of people were like. Oh, you should have just brushed it off and they've done yeah, and we could have done that, but there were also people in the audience that were upset and ultimately sure the priority is going to be the safety of the guests. It's got to be the guests being comfortable and happy. We just wanted this small community right convention where he felt safe, so I had I found. This comment by someone who I guess was offended by the way you reacted to that. Okay and I thought like it seems sincere, so I thought it'd be interesting to read this to you and get your get your reaction to it, because it seems like some people who were your fans, for whatever reason were offended. So I thought maybe be interesting to to try to like find a middle ground here between you and these people, who are we're actually upset by this sir I'm going to read this comment. Longtime fan of total biscuits up until the meltdown over the meme question at Cox con. Why did he take the joke so seriously? It would have gone so much better for him if he just laughed it off and then made it seemingly unrelated comment about it later, assuming he felt that someone may have seen it as transphobic Kohli, a huge amount of his fan base, as well as casual observers, think that was poorly handled at best. So, just to reiterate, why gets so up in arms over a joke, and then he says anyway, no hostility meant, and he, what is a fan of yours, yeah well, I mean I, guess, I'd. Ask him the same question: why I get so up in arms over what we did right? Ultimately, it seems like none of the people who were actually at the show were upset about how we handled it right, like I, know for a fact that people came to me and said that they were not upset quite the opposite, that they were happy that it that it had been handled that way, and it seems like when you know, there's a 4chan Brigade and you know, there's a bunch of subreddits that are basically dedicated to trolling, and you know that they've gone after you on purpose. It's kind of hard to take comments like that sincerely like what would have been the best way to handle it well, not putting it out on my Twitter would have probably been a better way to handle it. Let's be completely honest about that. You know, because, even if that had been handled in the most diplomatic way possible, which on the ground it was, you know it was the staff handling. It has all to do with me. I'm not offended by it. I'm, not transgender yeah, but there are people who are and were and were upset by. It means from the outside. I can I mean I'm from the outside I agree with you, I, don't understand why people would get so Affairs something I missed cuz, if it's just that one nothing I know of, because that one tweet was not really that hostile. No it's! It was interesting because I I knew there was gonna, be some sort of alcal sure I I could see that coming a mile away. You know how the Internet is these days yeah, as that size was quite surprising, you know, and how long the fact that this is even still getting asked this. How many like you yeah, like I, don't think about it, but apparently some of these guys still think about it, even though they weren't at the event and had no intention of going to the event. I mean probably never would it's I'm just not really sure why they're as unhappy as they are, you know I, are they so defensive over their meme I mean, if that's the case, I've kind of got a roll. My eyes a little bit of that said, you know and there's a ball. Our meme isn't offensive well to some people. It is you know, you know, I feel like I can absolve. Oh yeah I, don't understand the outrage. I mean you, your intentions were work kind. Your intentions were good and it seems so minor. It's a little strange it and if I could go back in time, do that thing again: yeah I'd, remove the guy from the show. 100% would I put it out on Twitter that we'd done it probably not. We're probably just have tried to reassure people. The show later that had come to us and said they were upset about it. Yeah. You know our concern at the time was. This is the first time we've ever had any kind of trouble at Cox con. We want to make sure that people feel like this is a fun friendly place and they're not gonna, have any problems while I'm here. So if, let's, let's assume this guy is a genuine caring, big fan of yours, who was like man, he didn't handle that well, like oh yeah, I'm upset with the way he handled that, like what would you say to him? I mean what I'd say to him. Is that the way that I handle it was an attempt to protect the volunteer staff that made the decision that could not have handled any of the [ __ ] that came their way had they been the ones that were front-facing on it, like I, didn't expect as much as a shitstorm as there was, and there was a shitstorm. It's strange, but I've dealt with that before and worse right. I can handle that some guy that just signed on as a volunteer. If they got the both barrels of fortune, they could not and me being front facing on it, despite the fact that it was the whole staff that made the decision was as an effort to protect them mm-hmm. So could it have been handled better I mean you can always say that in hindsight, right sure you know, but ultimately my priority is that the people that went to the show know this is going to be a friendly fun show, and they don't have to worry about that. [ __ ], they don't. You know it's two days of getting away from all the [ __ ] of life on the air. Today you know you don't want to bring it into the palace. It's our private show Ben. Ultimately, we can remove anyone for any reason. There's no free speech argument or anything despite a lot of people try to make one. You know, even if that was true, it's in the UK. We don't have free speech of the UK. So for me, being someone who's very critical, - I feel like with our fans like having that critical perspective, cuts both ways yeah when they agree with you. They love you sure and then once they disagree with you even a little bit, it's like they [ __ ] hate your guts yeah and don't do it for a long time to do spring set. Does that frustrate totally yeah I mean like when Trump won the election, for instance, it was pretty now upset about it like why, because I've been listening to what he'd been saying about health care and I have stage four cancer. My yeah that's a pretty severe issue for me, yeah and I'm. Looking he's doing right now, like oh look, he's doing exactly what he said he would do like I'd listened to what he said. So the fact that he had got elected that was like what the [ __ ] just happened in the world. Right am I, taking crazy, what's happening, I've criticized Trump in the past and it's frustrating cuz. It's like you've watched me for years. You like me and you, like my opinions, and it's like this one time you disagree with me. You can't handle it yeah that, because it's like just it, you can it's okay to disagree with me here and let's just move on yeah I mean it's like. Oh I have to wonder. If those people are friends with anybody who doesn't think exactly the same way, they do they do either politically or about anything. You know, because if they are I have to wonder how they manage it when they react that way, I think that people buildup in their minds this image of what they think this internet person they watch on a daily basis is right, absolutely who they believe they are. They build them up higher and higher. They build them up, bigger and stronger than they ever could be, and when something, when there's a crack in that facade, when, finally, they stay something they don't agree with, or they maybe make a mistake, as there ought to you know, as everyone is, ought to do. Yeah sure. Of course, that's it like the whole giant golden statue that they shatters into a thousand pieces, yeah and they'll. Never forgive that person for that I, don't think in real life. They have that illusion about the people that they know in real life like on the Internet, where it's like, because our channel is I, don't I, don't dangerous for a better word like we a we, we tend to appeal to both people on the left and the right a lot of times, and so people who are conservative, leaning or left-leaning when I say something that cuts against their ideology, because before that they're always like oh he's, one of us he's definitely one of us, that's the thing and then they're like wait, he's not one of us yeah. That's the thing. It's all fricken tribalism, all of it. Yes, it's like you want someone as you've probably heard this time and again you should stop talking about politics like you should stay in your lane. That's right right, the comedy! Yes, it's a comedy yeah like a registered voter, every time like if I, follow, Eric, Andre and you'll say something about Trump. All the comments are like stick to commenting to this. Stick to that yeah! That's people that want you. If you're not part of that team, they want you to shut up because they actually have you used dangerous at that point and I got a [ __ ] ton of I agree. I. Think a comment like that, if anything is, is encouraging and and just shows how brittle the opposing yeah it is that they just crumble. Yeah under the smallest criticism, stick to comedy it's like oh you're, [, __, ], commenting on Twitter. Where are your credentials exactly inaudible? Do you have a degree of any employee science degree? You don't need one guess what you remoter. Just like everybody else. You know you and well probably a lot of these people aren't voting at all today, yeah. Why don't you stay in your lane? You [ __ ], you even twelve-year-old juice box, drinking [, __ ]. Indeed, political opinions extend to how good each brand of Capra's honest. It comes down to the fact that they want you to shut up because they view you as a threat mm-hmm that happens to anyone. That's in entertainment in particular. It's quite a shame. I really I regret because a lot of times I want to talk openly about opinions, I have, but when it comes to politics, I, really it's just not worth it or get involved. Because you got you, you cut your audience. It really is every time I'll even met. You know, I kind of keep a divide like I, keep politics out of my videos and I, keep it on Twitter I know. If you don't want it, you don't have to follow me on Twitter sure I keep it out of my everything. I started, I started, keeping it yeah, and you know at this point: everyone still divided. It's like whose [ __ ] mind. Am I changing? You have every late-night show host in the whole [ __ ] country, [, __ ], on Trump 24/7? What am I gonna add to that. Probably nothing but simultaneously the risk is that if you don't raise your voice, the people will end up. Speaking for you might not be people you want speaking for you, yeah I, totally agree with that too health care issues in particular yeah you downright and passionate about it. Me too, my mom. She recently had a her heart failure. She almost died. She got a pacemaker installed, they ripped open her chest. It cost millions of dollars. She wouldn't they won't they. If what he wants to do passes, she will not be able to get insurance and I'm gonna be faced with the choice of of letting my mom die or bankrupt, and myself and not ain't a choice. Yeah, that's the thing people need to understand about health care is that when a company has that power of life and death in their hands that in a free market anymore, you don't have any power as a consumer, you got nothing, they hold all the cards, which is why it's important to look at government's involvement, health care and say you need someone as big and scary as the government backing you up, because if you don't have it, no one else is gonna. Do it, you have no power in it. Obviously, maybe you could help me eliminate me, because I'm wondering like I know that, like generally I'm, very left-leaning, especially on the on the issue of health care right yeah like I I, am a fan of Obamacare. It's helped my family a lot personally and even me and HeLa before we were making money. Yeah I know that conservative people and people who are against Obamacare are not bad people, they're good meaning they mean well and they have good intentions, as we all do as human beings, so I'm just trying to get into their minds of what they they think they're. What is it that they're think they're accomplishing by just repealing what is existing and say? Why is it so complicated the states? Everyone else got to figure it out already I in Israel I. Don't know you just have health care, it's not that complicated, most European countries. So it's exactly the same. You know in the UK at least until lately, because the Conservative government's there is [ __ ] with the NHS really, but you know, but there's an expectation that you grew up in the UK. You had health care simple as that yeah like and they're messing with it in a big way and that's dangerous I, don't know what the end game is cuz. You know you've got to assume at some point that most people are good well-meaning people. Don't assume that yeah you might as well shoot yourself in the head right now. But it's true that's true. Just because it's like all these there's I mean the country's got almost completely vitae. You got fifty percent Democrats, you got fifty percent Republicans. This is these people mean well and they really I think in their hearts and in their and their intentions are trying to make the country better. But I just don't want their idea. I, don't know they don't I. Guess, there's a lot to criticize Obama care, I, guess I'm! Even when we had it, it was super expensive, yeah and I. Don't know you still can't see a doctor and seeing a doctor is so expensive. I mean there's, but it's better than not having that's exactly it like it's a busted system and one its Romney care like it was a Republican plan that was compromised on time time again, just to even get it passed in the first place. It's not ideal, so I'm close to ideal, but it's better than nothing. It's better than the medical bankruptcy people were going through before that, it's better than being deny care. I've been denied insurance on the basis of a pre-existing condition. I'd be dead, no mom till there's no question I've got dad I, don't I, don't have Obamacare either I have private health insurance, but I couldn't have got it without the pre-existing condition, a vision protecting me from being denied it yeah right now so and my premium is going twenty percent in January. You know, but it's still better. It's still better than dying. I. Think everything's dying, like you'll, accept anything yeah, anything more than that, but I wouldn't know what that dumb plan is you're right, I think one I think it's just they're, so committed to their philosophy of conservatism, of government non-intervention and free-market ideals right that they think that the government should never regulate anything, that health insurance should be of a free market that dictates itself by competition. But it's like you says it's it's when it comes down to an issues of life and death. There's no concerned consumer choices, a reasonable choice, exactly they can demand whatever they want. They're, literally holding a gun to your head and say: pay me this much enough to pull the trigger. You don't have any control, which is why some stuff? You need the government, for you know you want to leave, say the building of roads to just random companies. That just you know, won't it's like! Oh well, we all need roads, I, let someone own the road. They could charge you whatever you want for it on the show, libertarian ideas of all that kind of stuff. There's some stuff that has to be run by the government I feel I make the road take like a really long way, so you have to use their uber yeah they'll start blowing up neighboring roads and [ __ ], like oh god, I dump truck just how I think back in the day when the country was smaller, there was less people small towns, more competition, because it wasn't dominated by huge companies whose sole purpose was to make as much money as possible. Then free-market made a lot more sense when you've got like three mom-and-pop stores: selling bread and [ __ ] one. You know it's like cool that works, but when you've got like five insurance companies that are now colluding together, you know it's the same with the internet. I don't see how people can't look at the way the Internet monopolies work in this country and not see that. Actually, that's exactly how other things would go were allowed to go like that. That's how healthcare would go as well. Yeah there's like way. You have the choice of oh, you can have Time Warner or [ __ ], you. You know those you two choices right so Comcast. Okay, then the Nazi Party, reincarnated, yeah I, mean I, believe that's the technical term for them. Yeah yeah, it's a lot National Socialist Party of Comcast yeah, most people don't know the real name. You know back in back in the old Articles of Incorporation right but yeah, it's I, don't know. I I think it's American, frontiersman attitude. You know and I'm sure they you. You very much recognize that that this American idea of American individual independence back from the days of the Wild West the days full of the colonies like other countries, never really had that. So they never grew. This idea of self-reliance to an extreme sure, and it's like well. Every note for lions only goes so far. These days, every I forget I, think it was Mark Twain who said it or maybe Kurt Vonnegut. Every American is just a temporarily embarrassed, millionaire yeah. That was the good thing and that's why they vote against their own interest because, like well someday, that's gonna screw me over cuz, I'm, super rich and I. Don't want to be taxed, etc. So I'm gonna vote in favor I. Don't look like when Trump passes, his tax reforms, I'm gonna, be correct. I'm gonna be wiping my tears away with hundred-dollar bills. Yes, because it's like I lost the rest call you know my taxes go down. I don't need my taxes to go down really I mean I'm, fine I'll. Happily, what cause like yeah he's gonna get screwed as a result, right yeah by the way. That's the real question: we're not billionaires either like we'll make a couple hundred thousand extra dollars a year, but you've got [ __, ], Apple and Google and Facebook, who are already offshoring billions of dollars not paying taxes. Yes, all the giant, [ __, ] Mac's, but everything's uncompromising, you don't know anything yeah yeah, nobody know anyway. Everything is so obscured. Information is like such a commodity that I just don't I, don't know how to understand the amount of information. 1984 were like they keep changing the history and you just keep doubting everything. So you just you just don't even know. No. Now we've always been at war with Eurasia technique. It's definitely something in it. You know. That's what its mass gaslighting in many ways and there's the idea of crisis fatigue I think they call it might have so many [ __ ] problems bombarding you all the time that you can't individually care enough about order. So then you end up caring about none of them. I think sensitize me to all the [ __ ], that's like living in Israel. That's why everyone's just upset and yelling you can't even comprehend the amount of [ __ ], that's wrong with your life, yeah yeah! Well, okay! Well, I know you had a huge disagreement: I, don't know how huge it was at a time but with yoke yoke cast about disclosing sponsors- oh yeah yeah! So my question not to get too into the thick with that. But do you think that people disclosing sponsorships on YouTube and on the Internet as general, has improved since that time? I think get us a bit mostly by necessity and weirdly enough. The reason why it has is not through channels wanting it to it's, because companies have been forcing them to yeah I, don't know if you've noticed recently, more more companies have been like well, we've always disclosed, because why share the same opinion to you that it's important more and more companies when we close deals with them, are like you have to put this yep yep I'm, not never used to happen that in fact the opposite used to happen. They're, like oh yeah, don't mention that you know you don't need that's fine! Now we just said here's a crazy example for you. Just a few days ago, Jesse Cox had this playthrough of Uncharted right. He got a free copy of the game like about three or four days after it came out like Sony just sent him one sure I kind of out of nowhere, and it's like okay sure. So he does some videos for the child thinks nothing. Although right a couple of years down, the line, Sony gets in touch, women said yeah, so you're gonna need to add the following disclosures thanks, good idea, because if that was a free product, so you need to disclose that and it's like okay well, I can add it to the description, the child's like. No, no! No. If you have to go back and edit the video I'm like no, you two doesn't work that way. You can't do that and they kept insisting. No, you have to do it. That's us covering he's just deleted the whole thing now, because yeah- and it really is serious- ask her it's insane. Like you, [ __ ] up, that's not even a sponsorship. That's like just sending a free copy of a game to someone has a YouTube channel is commonplace business! There's nothing unusual about that, but yeah I think it is changing for the better, but mostly because companies got uber paranoid about it, because the FTC has become aware of. What's going on yeah, so they've got crazy paranoid about it. There's still a lot of youtubers I, don't want to name names because I don't think it's worth getting into, but I see a lot of people and to like the discerning eye. It's so obvious, yes, that it's sponsored and they do action anywhere, and it's like dude, like just [ __ ] today yeah. It is because they know they have a younger audience. That would be disillusioned by the cloud yeah. We come right down the whole idea of the golden God. You know, and these guys are encouraging that behavior they're, like they relish the fact they have a bunch of teenage friends that look up to them as [ __, ] demigods, and they could. They could never be impugned by something like a sponsorship I do it for the fans and I wanna do for the view. I'm gonna take a ride in a mercedes-benz, but it's for you, it's for you, the viewer. It's like I, buy these thousand dollar shirts. For you cynical pieces, I, remember the first time we had our sponsored content. It was really I was super nervous about you know, doing a sponsored spot and disclosing it and saying- and ours are obvious, we don't have likes tricky ones. It's like thanks to audible, of course, yeah. That's the best kind. I agree when you've got something: that's not even really connected to your products. They that's that's awesome like sponsorships. We take like those are the best they're, fantastic generally, the only ones that work with yeah and it doesn't cost poems with the audience. Generally speaking, there are people that it did. You know that they're just gonna have to deal with that. You know sorry I'm, sorry I'm trying to make money, nobody so the most part everyone was super, respectful I mean, but a lot of people were happy there like a good for you, dude, maybe I'm already with them. So it's great to see that you know two of my interests account if, in the same space now, that's cool I think it's an increasingly more important to that people understand the necessity of of that yeah I. Think the more people understand the business. Maybe we can tone down some of the like really nasty rhetoric that goes on with it. So if they know the reality of running a YouTube channel is business. If they know the reality of how sponsorship works and how disclosure should work, then people get less upset when something like that happens, sure so I. You know I believe in pure transparency when it comes to that stuff. I have the longest time I over disclose. It's become a joke. Yeah industry's like oh, it's closed and small, but he's probably got 20 disclosure messages in the first five minutes. Yeah and I was like yeah, probably I'll, just put it every much plastering over absolutely everything. That's definitely one of my pet peeves I'd say these days when I see people not disclosing yeah, it's gonna bring the hammer down necessarily like just like going to a key. It's a key. It's just a key and there's people that I respect that do it and I'm like yeah. Why are you [, __ ] doing this? It's not necessary brought up the Yogscast. There's the you see right there. Those were guys that were my friends, you know several on the came to my wedding for God's sake right and when I see them pulling [ __ ] like that. Knowing how successful they were back then like. Why are you doing that man? You know? No go a young audience, don't mislead them. I know and they'll. Be fine, they'll, be fine. If you disclose it, you're not gonna lose all your audience yeah! It's what's weird that people are so scared of that, but it really goes back to the csgo, a lot of them, which was like kind of the rock bottom. Oh yeah of that, were you surprised by that like scandal, were you aware of it before it broke or wasn't, because I wasn't really big into csgo seemed like I knew. You could bet skins, cuz I've done it like in DotA once like and lost a bunch of rares or something I think I found international, three or four something and like I didn't realise how big an industry it was, but then Singh I'd seen this gambling sponsorships going around like big streamers. Taking these there on all these videos, I'm, like that, seems a bit shitty, but if they're just disclosed sponsorships, which they were at the time, that's fine and then, of course, you find out that they only oh by the way for anyone who doesn't know about this. It was a huge scandal yep these, namely around two youtubers and counter-strike personalities, tmartn its and the Bass Pro syndicate. That's not only Jojo jihad, yes, slippin I, don't know how I remember looking at the artists of Incorporation and I guess for some reason his name didn't ring out to me when I was that yeah was there, but there's these prominent guys and they were promoting and promoting this gambling site and never disclosing that they actually owned it, which came with a whole slew of complications, one being that they can control the outcome. The [ __ ] bets so that that was that was incredible and now, what's even more incredible is that it doesn't seem to have gone away. I'm, seeing csgo gambling sites back on the rise, yeah they've, they've kind of changed things around they're made of unofficial loot boxes, I think they call them now. Where's like oh, you can open a custom, crate I think is the name of it. It's the same [ __ ]. It's just packaged in a different way, and there was a report. I think Richard Lewis wrote it. He did an investigative stuff on this and there's something they literally called The Rape algorithm, yeah, classy, [, __ ] right, and this is something that they could turn on at will when they knew that there was someone who was spending a bunch on the site and it would turn the order down. Yeah yeah right then I work full control over it. I worked in gambling when I was in Israel and we see the same thing when we had high-risk players. This was a actual gambling site, one of the major ones they would. They would have what was called risk management and if they had a player who was either winning or betting a ton of money they would. They would manually put a warning on him and the platform. This is a platform that served hundreds of sites, have powered hundreds of sites and it would just guarantee that he lost yeah. Probably the same algorithm is in like a [ __ ] ton of different csgo betting sites, probably all of them. As far as we know, we know that report was based in experience. I can almost guarantee it yeah well the same guy that made it and then sold it to all these other sites. Is there anything going on today that bothers you, like the disclosure issue or the old days? I, don't know, I mean I, think it's it's still not as great as it could be, like we've gone through so much, and then we're still having issues with disclosure that just makes me roll my eyes like. How can we still be having that as a problem and now we're seeing that it's it's? You know the [ __ ] has had an effect. You know the ad pocalypse is the result of a lot of things, some of which are outside of our control and some of which, were you know, and regardless of whether or not the reputation was earned, regardless of who directly was responsible or not responsible for it. Youtube suddenly got a reputation of being an unsafe place to put your ads right and there's a lot of contributing factors to that. That's built up over the years, and you look at all of these scandals, they're part of that you look at all the [ __ ], all the shitty videos, all the dishonesty all the people that think hey. You know running around screaming rape, rape, rape over and over again to an audience of eight-year-olds as an acceptable form of entertainment. That's fair I mean all of that is a factor and it's all and it came to a head. Eventually it would and it was inevitable yeah. It was inevitable in 2000, 2016 2017 is when it happened. We all got [ __ ]. The thing that was shocking was it was so much worse that I actually even thought, because I always figured in my mind, something like that would probably happen eventually, but it was so much worse than I thought you like how much nice yeah yeah, but I mean it was all to me for the best, but I think that's a fair point. I mean we flew too close to the Sun here on YouTube, the rules. First, for so long yeah I mean you still have to is still like blame the appetizer. To some extent. There cuz, like as you've, said time and again and you're right people advertise and sponsor some really offensive, [ __ ], and it's fine. Why? Because they know what their target market is. They know what the target demographic is. That's all advertising is about getting the right product to the right person. That's when it's worth money, otherwise it's worthless. Don't wanna sell skin care lotion to a 65 year old man. He doesn't give a [ __ ]. You want to be selling him, blankets and bourbon I guess right yeah! The thing is that they could do a hell of a better job when it comes to targeting the rabbit and understanding what these videos aren't. Who they're for getting it they're very far behind on that and we're seeing some companies they do, get it like audible. You know great example: yeah, that's the kind of company that they got on board with podcasts cuz. They realized. This was how a lot of young professionals are consuming, entertainment. These days right, perfect match made in heaven in terms of advertising. Yeah more companies need to be doing that the podcasting sphere has really marketable yeah, I think just because it's generally professional to a degree yeah. You know exactly what you're getting and and but it's interesting in a way I feel like you know, we can talk about anything. It's like took more traditional media because they are sponsoring our show and us, and they know us I understand the format, isn't predictable. So there's no surprises yeah. They know they're you're known quantity to them and they knew what they signed up for, but with youtubers there's so much content coming out every day that people don't really know what they signed up for. Do they that's how it was yeah and I. Think YouTube have to accept the blame for not tightening that ship sooner before we all got [ __ ] killed, yes, Isis yeah only allowing those ads to run in the first place. You probably have all this machine learning. You have all these BOTS now so you'll and go through. Are you kidding the biggest ad provider in the world? Couldn't handle that [ __ ] right? It's unbelievable, I agree and on the other hand, you and like you said you blame the advertisers. I mean I made this video recently, these same brands that were boycotting YouTube have ads on CNN during a live shooting. Exactly it's like where's, your [ __ ] moral compass yeah suddenly disappears when it's like. Oh there's a lot of views on that. So let's get a little bit disaster porn yeah going on, which is, let's be honest. What that is, I think we all [ __ ] up. To be honest, it was just it was a perfect storm, yes, I know yeah and everyone. We all ended up burning everyone kept see. Well, let's just say: I'm drinking coke, I guess the one final art walk, one other thing was uh I guess you probably saw a video game donkeys video about his. He had a fiery criticism of game Journal, but he did yeah well. How did you feel about that video, I, guess and just to set it up a little bit for the audience he basically his main criticism against them was that their rating system was just complete. [, __ ], you, you you'll, say the game was awful I hated playing it and then you go to mini critic and it's got like a 75 and it's like what what is even the point anymore- and that was one of my one of my big takeaways look. What do you think about his videos? All my big takeaways as well I've been against schools since at the very outset, I've. Never given a score in my life and I. Never will because, frankly, you're trying to take a piece of unique art and boil it down to a number which goes into a bag with a bunch of other numbers that have decided on a completely different way. I'll tell you a problem, you respect it too much! Well, yeah I mean that's, not a prime in yeah I'm telling you wrong and your response. You respect it as an art form where these guys are it's a it's an industry yeah that pumping it out says hey. You know the reason why they will not stop giving scores like well too many people want them like yeah. Well, what about what happened to being the change you want to say you know if you're gonna write a review, did you take pride in that review? Yeah, you obviously didn't, because you wanted to boil it down to an arbitrary number. That means nothing at the end of you. Rather than having people read the [ __ ] review. That's insane to me that you would ever want that right and then one of the other takeaways that it was like whatever happened to bad [, __ ]. It's like, we all understand that a seventy all the sudden is like decades. Don't ever pay ya. What whatever happened to a badge triple again, because they certainly exist don't exist in apparently not you know they disappeared in the ether like dunkey in many ways was completely on point and a lot of the very defensive responses that came from a lot of the old media in regards to his video showed that they knew they know. What's going on they're just protecting their business they're protecting their own. That's all they do their circle, the wagons. Every time it's with the you know, remember the cuphead video, where that guy couldn't get past the tutorial like the hungry, sling, a bunch of people after them, and then you get these bunch of articles week down the wire, but gamer, toxicity and I think there was one I'd laughed my ass off at this gamers need to stop fetishizing skill. Oh my god, why isn't it cool to watch? Someone? Do a cool thing, really well sizing skill, yeah, stop fetishizing, homeruns and score. You know, and team's winning I just want to see. [ __ ] dudes slapping each other's asses. That's what I got it for yep game critics. Graham critics can't take criticism. I get that every day as a criticism of me and I, don't blame people, but I mean there's I. Think there might be a game of a kernel of truth to critics generally have a hard time taking criticism. I find that about myself. Sometimes where I'm like my first reaction is, can tend to be defensive, yes and then I'll be like dude, don't be [, __ ], don't be so [ __ ], full yourself dude, just like chill out and I feel like I've, gotten, worse - yeah back in the day, I think I was way more receptive and way more down-to-earth, and it just happens without me, knowing because I feel like I'm the same person, but sometimes I'll get defensive and then I'll realize, like oh, my god, I'm [, __ ] like worse. Here's, why you feel this way right, because you've got a proven product. You've got a show. It's really popular. There are a lot of people like you've made a business out of it. You've got a studio. You clearly see the objective results of your success and that success came from you doing things the right way like that is proof positive, that what you are doing is the right thing. So when someone comes along and says what you're doing is the wrong thing, your immediate reaction is like cognitive dissonance like you can see clearly in front of you that what you've done is the right thing, but there's a part of you saying I should listen to criticism from this guy, but he's saying I'm doing the wrong thing, but how can I be doing the wrong thing? If all of this, you know, if 3 million views here, 5 million views here, successful, podcast, here successful t-shirt line here and I think as a critic. In particular, you spend your days thinking of ways to give better criticism and to do it in a way that is informative to do in a way that can look at multiple points of view and try and step out of your own shoes and maybe look through a different perspective, a different lens and you try and do in a way. That's not just designed to upset somebody and then a lot of these guys come along and they don't know how to do that, because criticism is a skill, something you could learn how to do. Critical thinking is a skill, something you have to learn how to do, and a lot of these guys are actually really bad at criticism. They come along and you know if I come along and call you a piece of [ __ ]. Is that a good critique of your videos yeah, it's not a father, could think of anything so even valid critique of you. You will that alone, because I didn't even justify what I just said. Why yeah? That's that? That's why? Why am I a piece of [ __ ] I'd like? Can they even come up with an answer for it? More than not, you ask him that question. They have no answer or their answers. [ __, ], it's like well! Eight years ago, you said this I'm like did I where's the evidence of that, and then they go silent like they have this idea and their mind. They just want to lash out at you and they just want to say their piece and that's more from not what it is. Never got this you know a few years ago, I turn the pot. The comments off of my videos, right, wow, I, actually didn't know that took the plunge. I took the risk because there's a financial hit to do in that YouTube does not like you doing that. Really yep yeah, you mean in less views, yeah Plus view, so it hits the SEO basically because it's you turning off a form of engagement, so you know how you can get hit by that. You know this. The reason why, if people don't know that you asked for likes and favorites and subscriptions because those are their engagement, data points but YouTube likes to reward you one so essentially you're just like I, don't it was from a point of just not wanting to see the comments yeah. It was mostly that, like just you know, I have a bad relationship with Internet comments. You know, and that's a lot of that's on me, but it got to the point, especially when I was diagnosed I'm like I, don't need the stress in my life, so yeah I like to make a joke that YouTube comments gave me. Cancer I think they. Actually, it is possible, but you know what's really interesting about that is I turned the comments off and yet we've got to set up in a way where you can leave a comment, but no one will ever see it right. So it's on approval only when we never look at the list. Okay, there's still several hundred comments, every single video. Well, despite what that says- and that's that's the interesting thing- I think people, sometimes they just want to say their piece and get it out there right. They don't even care if anybody reads it so we gotta leave it like that and the shout into the void and I wonder if that made them feel better. Probably they probably a part. That's part of the reason why internet comments are so awful for people like us who are on the receiving end of them, because they never assumed that you're there you're actually reading them yeah or that you're, even a real person, yeah they've, maybe just had a really bad day. He decided to take it out on somebody and then moved on with them and for you that's a pile of the hundred negative horrible things. You've got said about you today and that you go to sleep thinking about yeah, so yeah it doesn't make it yeah, never turn them back on I. Think like we have a place where people can talk anywhere. We have a subreddit yeah, so we're like. If people, if you really want to talk, they can take the extra step to do that. Like I, think your comments actually too easy. That's the problem! That's why people leave so many [ __ ] ones. We got a question from weekdays here these days. Are you there buddy yeah? How are you doing hello, hello, weekdays he's in the week my friend feels happy and alone? Oh there you are there. We go sorry hey what up Dave? How are you yeah my question? Well, you guys kind of touched on it earlier. It was about kind of how gaming and journalism has changed throughout the years. I wanted to ask tibi if he thinks it's gone in a positive or negative direction. Overall, good question I think thank you obviously see in the week. I think honestly, it's got better because it's there are more ways now that a consumer can get the information think about how it used to be when we were growing up. Where do we get our info? We didn't get it for the internet, we didn't have it. We had to buy a gaming magazine, guess what half the gaming magazines were owned by the people who were making the games beta Nintendo Power? Was there ever a bad review of the Nintendo programs and the park also? Was there like man, this Mario, sir? Oh yeah? It's like totally crap yeah. It's also high. You know, guy who's working the cue ball. Next to me he was literally the Nintendo office yeah. It's got so much better because we have so many different ways to do it and if you'd come, if you find someone that you're, not a fan of you, can go and find somebody else we're like almost spoiled for choice and you can experience in different ways. If you want to read a three-minute the all review, you want to even just read a score or watch a little video. You can do it, anyone with a 45 minute video. You can do it. You want to watch a 12 hour stream. You can do it right, so you have so many different ways and all of those things you can call them games journalism or not, but the only thing that is really important to me is that these things communicate accurate information to the consumer, so they can make a decision about where that hard-earned. $60 ghost sure- and we have more ways than ever to do that. So, even though there's a bunch of [ __ ] going on and games journalism, science has no idea what to do with itself or writes a bunch of stupid articles about fetishizing skill, and god knows what else and how which has too many white people. It's ultimately a place where we just have a lot more choice than we did. That's yeah, that's good I mean definitely so the last thing I want to touch on is obviously you've had a very public battle with cancer yeah yeah it's been going on for how long I mean? How long have you been living with cancer now I'm over three years, I. Think, honestly, the you've handled it with like great grace and optimism from from the very beginning. That's inspired me and first of all, thank you for for doing that. Okay and I think it's been a beacon of light, I think for a lot of people of just like seeing how you can handle it with with dignity and I know that heelas dealing with some her dad just got recently diagnosed with cancer. We were talking about it backstage and it's really nice to hear you being. You know optimistic about it basically well firt. My first question is because the last update that I was able to find was from like June or some show yeah how's it going whatever worried about this. So basically, where we are right now is that it is stabilized, meaning it's not gone away, but it's not growing. So there's a couple of small tumors in my liver and there's one very, very small nodule in my lung. So it's Stage four, which means it spread past the initial place it was Stage. Four is pretty bad. That's when survival chances go in the toilet on October, the 15th, 2000 17 2015, sorry I was told. You've probably got two years to live. That was two years and five days ago, but cancer did so [ __ ] those odds and [ __ ] yeah, but the problem with Matt metabolized cancer is the metastasized cancer. Sorry is thick, it can go anywhere. It gets in the blood it can spread to any organ becomes hard at nail it down. You know you can't do targeted therapies as easily. You can't just cut it out, so it being stable at this stage is very, very good because it means the therapy works and it is continuing to work and I have fairly minimal side effects still got. My beard still got me through my shirt. I mean you know you don't look like a guy who has cancer, yeah, I sure as hell did you know there was a people were asking I? Don't if you know I did a voice back for Starcraft 2 and the photo they gave for me, for that was in black and white people like did he die? Is that why they know who I looked terrible of that photo? But it you know I the chemo sucks. Of course it sucks I have every two weeks I got plugged in on the Wednesday. I get the big dose in the the clinic, and then there popped me on a portable thing to take home for the rest of it until Friday. So I'm pretty much like out of action for two days and then I test about two days to really get back on my feet. You know what is that experience like I feel like this conversation doesn't exist anyway. You go through this every two weeks and you're managing to keep everything going. Yes, I mean I, don't see another option, you know it's like everyone has a job. You know it's. You know my job, so huge motivator. For me, you know I'm, proud of what I do and I enjoy it and I know that I'm very blessed to be able to do it as a career, so I want to take every opportunity. I can to do it. That's why I'm out here I'm at twitchcon? That's why I'm going to blows cards. You know I want to take joy in that and I get a lot of satisfaction out of it, and that also means I want to be back on my feet as quick as possible. So you know I, look at it and I say right: okay, I've got ten if I, if I can get back on my feet, got ten good days and four bad days every two weeks, and you know what that's okay I got rather have 14 good days, but I can't have 14 good day, so I'll take 10. That's okay and I mean the experience of actually being on the therapy itself. I mean essentially turns into a zombie it's one of the best ways to describe it. I mean it's. Your whole body is in pain, I, just constant aching, there's a feeling of sickness, although that varies on a person-to-person basis. I get a subdermal injection right here, it's quite new. They only just started doing this and it's a gel and it slowly goes into your bloodstream, of course, about five days and it's an antiemetic. So it's an anti-nausea gel. It knocked the nausea on the head in a really good way, like you still feel a bit sick, but I used to like throw up like eight times ten times a day like until I was just throwing up stomach acid. That's gonna be just burned. It was nothing but burning that part of chemo has got to be really difficult to the healing process, right, yeah, think of knocking yeah because you get massively dehydrated like that's the advice that I give to anyone. I was to go through chemotherapy two things: one hydrate for the love of God like drink fruit juice in particular: don't drink, water, drink fruit juice. It gives us yep calories sugar, really important. The taste will help you drink faster. In my case, one of my side effects is I, have a cold sensitivity while I'm on the pump. So if I drink something too cold, it can shut my throat and kill me. Oh my god, yeah also, if I just touch something, that's too cold nice, that kind of sucks, so I've gotta, wear gloves and make sure you know stuffs at room temperature before I drink it. But I found the like drinking fruit juice. I can drink it. A lot faster. That means I can hydrate better and the other thing is force yourself to eat. You threw it up. [ __ ]! You eat it again, just not the same thing. Obviously don't care yeah just keep eating dude like because it is fuel. It literally is fuel, it's fuel to fight. If you give up on that everything gives up, but every time I eat, even if I don't like the taste of it, I don't like the feeling of eating it about ten minutes after I've eaten or even as I'm eating. I'll feel this burst of energy, like it's like becoming awake again, at least for a couple of hours. It's incredible to hear that, because I feel yeah. All of us who aren't sick. We take food for such granted right and also it's the most basic thing that you can think of. You gotta feel yourself to continue right. It's so obvious until your body is screaming at you not to mm-hmm and telling you I'm gonna throw that up. If you do that, I'm, just like no you're, not I'm, gonna eat it and if I throw it up, I'm gonna cook, another thing and I'm gonna eat that until something stays down, because you need those nutrition, you need. You need that nutrition. If you don't have it, your cover is gonna get longer or longer, and your your immune systems gonna just collapse. You know, I have a surprisingly strong immune system. I should have no immune system by now. My immune system is fine, it's taking a bit of a beating, but it's fine. A lot of people in my stage can't even travel because it'll kill him. You know catch a cold. He dead. For me now, I've been fortunate in that they found the right combination of drugs. They found a chemo that was unpleasant, but I could tolerate it and I've got a good oncologist. That knows what he's doing so, you know all I need him to do is keep giving me the stuff that works and I'll keep fighting it and I'll keep going and that's the only option there is just to keep going. But what other option is there? You just give up nah, there's nothing else. Nothing beyond this mm-hmm you've got to fight ten good days for bad days. Even if it's one good day, thirteen bad days, that's still one good day. Do you find that you've become more optimistic in some way, since your diagnosis will in some ways like it's hard to worry about petty [, __ ] when you've got, you know, death staring you in the face? Do you feel like you have some knowledge that you wish you could share like I know, for example, to use it mildly. You'll get a flu and you'll be like man, I can't [ __ ], wait till I'm, not sick again, and then the moment you're better. You forget all about that. Is there some kind of feeling that you're always having like that that you wish you could just [ __ ] that you wish everyone could appreciate and feel. Is that something a minute think of chemo was getting over the worst flu of your life and feeling like you, were not a real person while you had it that sounds off like you know, you were zombie I, even trapped in your own head, sometimes I. Think about being so tired that you can't watch Netflix, it's too exhausting that that's what it does to you and as a result. Well, you got to do you get trapped in your own mind, I, even listening to things like audiobooks, it's like bright light sounds anything any kind of stimulus becomes scary. It's you know you jump in at shadows. It it screws with your mind it screws with your head in a big way. There's a fog paranoia. It is a really nasty thing to put in your body, but ultimately you got to do it and you got to keep doing it. If you want to actually overcome it, there's no easy way to do chemotherapy, there's no magical advice, but there is stuff you have to do it's tough. It helps to have someone close by. You helps to have someone like my wife. That will push me to do these things that will say you've gotta, wait. You've got a drink, I, don't care what you think, eat the [ __ ] food. Having somebody like that, having that kind of support system is essential, I, don't think I'd be alive. If I didn't have that, god bless her dude. Well, that's really inspiring it. It is what it is. You play the handi delt. You do the best you can you don't give up on it. You know it's because it's not just giving up on your life it's giving up on everyone. That's ever being touched by what you've done, your friends, your family pets for God's sake. You know you want to be there for them like they deserve to have you there for them mmm. The only way that that's going to happen is, if you keep fighting and it's possible, like [, __ ] these statistics, they don't mean anything. If you don't like the statistics change the stats now live long outlive it just keep going because science is [, __, ], amazing, and they come up with new stuff. Every day they come up with new treatments. All the time do you think that chemo will be looked back on and hopefully, as soon as ten years as this, like almost like, how we used to electrocute people with illnesses? Well, we look like as leeches only Bob. Yes, because we're killing the patient and hoping the cancer dies faster right. It's not a great way to do things, but it's the best thing. We've got right now, there's a general first line of defense is not the only thing and people should be aware of that. You know if chemo fails for us, I have a neighbor she's had stage 4 cancer for 20 years. That's he's currently doing immunotherapy brand-new, immunotherapy she's doing really well on it like the tumors are shrinking. She had cancer all over her body, you'd be shocked by what is out there or what is being developed right as we speak. That's awesome and all you got to do as someone that has it is to give those guys a bit more time, give them as much time as you can give them, and that means putting in your F and surviving alright right simple, as that really is there a organisation that we can donate to that you in particular, hi holding high interest. That's worthy of people's money. I mean there's quite a few I. What you got to watch out for with cancer in particular there's a few that are not a good idea like I, always get upset in October, because it's Breast Cancer Awareness Month and a lot of the companies donate to Susan Susan G Komen right, which is a terrible organization. They they waste money on awareness, raising they waste money all over the place. They don't miss research and they sue other charities. There are disgusting, organized fighting in the Hall of cancer, absolutely horrendous. So what are we send? My yeah? You can send rate money to a local, Research, Hospital you'd, be surprised and helpful. I can be. You can donate directly to your local research hospital. Look up la like I. Would if it's me just LA cancer, a bum. Here's me yelling that will be a there, will be a link to donate to them, like I, always won going directly towards the fight. You've got these huge organizations like American cancer, cancer, society, Society or whatever, and I'm like if I give them five thousand bucks. What was it go? Where's that money going yeah? It's always good to look on Charity Navigator yeah, that's a very good site for figuring out where the money is going and look at the breakdown. Look at how much is going to research versus administrative cost versus awareness should be on a research spread awareness for some counselors. It's quite know about cancer, yeah people they do I, don't know where yeah there's still some things. That would be good. I would like to see there be a bigger push to get there for younger men, especially when they have symptoms to go and get checked. That's what I said when I first got diagnosed I you know I had colon cancer, it's embarrassing! You don't want to do it at this age. Nobody thinks they've got talking about stage it's like in America. They don't even recommend you get a finger up: the ass until you're like 50/50. Now that wonderful experience of like twenty, eight or whatever, but ultimately yeah, it's [, __ ], embarrassing. You know it's more embarrassing dying! That's pretty shitty yeah, [ __, ] yourself! When you die. Maybe some mm it's yeah, but ultimately people have to take their own health seriously and if they see symptoms for the love of God, please please, if it's nothing, [ __ ] celebrate the fact that it's nothing sure. Okay, you just went through some unpleasant [ __ ] you, maybe you got a colonoscopy roll a finger up your eyes, big [, __ ] deal you're gonna have to have it sooner or later. Yeah. It's gonna have to happen, so you might as well get it after death. Yeah pick one I get fingered all day. Boy, hmm I, think it's pretty obvious choice. Yeah I think that's actually really important and to where he's that awareness, yeah I mean take your own I'll, just go to the [ __ ] doctor, I'm I think we're all guilty or prolonging we absolutely are you know it's like, but man you got to take care of your chef. You do ultimately I could have way better position if I had and I didn't. Cuz I was embarrassed right yeah. How long did you have symptoms but didn't go to the dot out of you really a year? Yeah, it's like cuz, there's a bunch of other explanations for, and you always assume. Oh it's something else. It's my dime may I ask what symptoms are. Is that too personal? That's all people about it. You're in my initial video. You know it's we're talking about [ __ ], like you know, weird cold, stool, rectal bleeding. You know. The kind of thing is like you see, blood knees still like. Oh maybe I just had a you know, a raw steak. You know rest ache or whatever off you rationalize it away. Oh yeah I mean I thought I had IBS I thought I had maybe even Crohn's. You know what something like that yeah or diverticulitis I didn't think I had colon cancer. You know you always assume it's not cancer, it's something else be fine yeah and then you yeah you prolong any like you know what this is uncomfortable as defined. Then you eventually like alright I'm gonna go find out if I have Crohn's or what I was like. Now you have colon cancer like well, that's [, __, ], yeah I, probably should have gone earlier. You know, and anybody if you out the symptom like that, don't [ __ ], ignore it don't ya, it's embarrassing, get over. It go to a doctor for a love God. You know save yourself a [, __, ] ton of pain later on right. Is there something about cancer that, like you, came to learn by being through it that most people don't know it there's no feeling of having it like right now? If you asked like, do you feel like you have an illness, no I mean that's. What's really talking to my dad, like you can't confront the fact that is so yield because it doesn't feel it has a really bad coughing about when it doesn't it feels it feels not completely normal. Yeah I, don't know a vacuum. I, don't feel that I have a tumor in my liver or in my lung. That's that doesn't impact my daily life. You know, there's probably some pain there, but you know I'm on painkillers. It's probably just buried there somewhere and the weird thing is I guess you know, people view cancer as this thing, which will be no turning into a desiccated husk immediately when you've got it and completely destroy your life. No, it really doesn't and that's actually scarier mmm cuz. You know, you've got a cut on your arm and it's bleeding. You can see, I've been wounded and you have a response to that. You got something inside you that might be silently eating away at you, you don't you, don't even feel it's there and it's good on that pain response. No, it's disturbing. It's it's insidious and obviously a lot of it comes down the fact you don't feel it before either you don't feel it before the diagnosis, but you still don't feel afterwards either you only feel everything around it. You know the side effects of the chemo, the pain from say. You know the fact that I've had an abdominal hernia for years from the surgery. You know collapse, muscle wall things like that. You know yeah. You have to take painkillers to just manage that and stay functional mm-hmm, but the actual disease. No it's just there. It's invisible, mmm, that's creepy as [ __ ], that is [ __ ] weird. Do you ever feel, like irrationally angry at your own body, for trying to kill you totally? It's like [, __, ], off, yeah I. Think that's quite healthy, like being able to visualize it as a thing. You can fight it's much better than having it be a thing. You don't understand right and a lot of people do that. That's like it's recommended. Even you have an enemy they identify. You have an enemy. You can see. You could imagine what it looks like you can imagine what you have to do to defeat it versus something you don't understand spreading throughout your body without any what you know without you even noticing, and with there being no solid, easy. Take this pill and you'll get better option. Sure! That's! That's! That's scary! I! Don't think about it. That way, though, you know, I was viewed as the enemy ever since I got it I view it as something beatable, because it is you know, and every time we get a scan and we see it's either shrunken or begum like we're winning. It seems, like you've, been fighting it successfully for a long time. You've beat the odds, and it seems that every time there's update its it's good news, or at least not bad news yeah exactly you know see at least not bad news is good. You know, you know you love that miraculous remission where it's juicy you coming it's gone, but I'm faces all the reality that that's probably not going to happen. You just got to kind of live with it. You know I know, I'm gonna need this treatment indefinitely. Do you think that that kind of uh personifying it as the enemy is, has been one of the keys to your fighting? It successfully, I think so, mentally and physically and mentally such so important it it sounds like a cliche. It's not I know it is 90% mental, because that's what drives everything else? It drives your ability to fight it physically. It drives your ability to rehydrate and to want to get better and to make sure you eat and fuel your body and all that sort of thing to get up and not skip that treatment. This way it's like I could not go in because I know it's gonna hurt to be fine, but I'll go in line yeah, exactly scared. That's the scary thing. You'll feel I'll skip it and off you're, fine yeah, and what, if I just skip the next one as well like that's [, __ ] up mm-hmm, but you, but you get up. You know, get up at 9:00 a.m. on that Wednesday I go in, they do the blood test. I know I'm there get a needle and they plug it in right. There I can see you know plug it into the port. Goes in there stays in there for two days. They rip it out. It tastes saline as they flush it. You know to make sure that it's clean and then you do all over again and you've got to just keep doing it, because if you tap out on that, that's it because this ain't gonna give up this is gonna, keep trying to kill you, so you have to keep fighting it back. You can't just give it a break. Is there something I noticed you saying something about like you? Do you appreciate time in a different way, because I something you said this truck with me- is like I get ten good days and four bad days, and that's enough for me: do you have a different appreciation for time? Yeah? It was like him, you know when we were talking earlier about what I go back and you know redo a video or change the way that I criticize things I. Think a lot of that came from that directly. It's like I can do a limited number of videos. Less than I used to be able to do. I can work less than I used to be able to do. I can play less than I used to be able to do so. Let's make sure that time counts for something a lot of. It is also you assume at this age. You've well I've got fifty sixty years, the family. What if you didn't? Well, you know you don't know how long you've got so you know made me want to try and be a better dad. There's no doubt about that. You know: I wanted to connect more with my stepson, then I have and I've been doing that I wanted to connect more with my wife, make sure that we get a good. You know we get a good run out of it. I intend to be around when I'm [, __, ], 100 years old, we'll be still bitching about video games if I can be, but sometimes there might be something outside of my control. You know maybe fighting isn't enough. Maybe that's just not enough to keep going, but if that's the case, then you've got to make sure that you spend the time you've got in the best way you can and even then it's not like it changes you overnight, like you still want to go. Reread it comments. You still want to go. It's your people on Twitter, like you, can't change the habit of a lifetime, but there's something of the back of your mind. It said: do you have something better to do you know and maybe that that does change you over time? I. Think hmm! Well, thanks for sharing that with us and thanks for spending your time, especially here with us I mean I, really appreciate it. I enjoy it it's great to be out here get out of here. So rarely you know as much as I love the greenness of North Carolina. Sometimes the smog of LA is a little place to count right, yeah for sure. Well, don't forget to show your shirt. Oh yeah, we was you know a big Shakira fan shake your hips, don't lie yeah, my heart will go on and it's just holding is still beating bleeding hot sexy stuff and a thank you to Dodger and stripping. That was a gift that they sent. Oh I, like it I'm, like yeah I, said I sent them a box of weird [, __ ] at Christmas, and then I sent them another box as their wedding gifts included, like 17, rubber ducks and seven yodeling bacon models. So I think this is probably I, wouldn't say it's a revenge for that, because I really like this shirt, yeah thanks thanks to them for that it was a. Was a nice thoughtful gift yeah, they know what I like well once again, I think your your you've done a lot for up good and you've inspired all of us and I. Think I really appreciate you. You know I and thank you for coming in and sharing your question. Yes, that's been great, so thanks for watching everybody appreciate you ha.