Welcome back everybody to the h3, podcast live every Friday and Tuesday, except when it's not Fred or Tuesday, which does happen occasionally at twitch.tv /a, /li productions. Today we have got an absolute slammer of an episode before I get into that I just want to say: congratulations, EULA congratulation because we as a matter of law, just slam-dunked man lost sown so first of all, I just want to give you a high I mean the battle. The battle is over, but the war is not quite over yet yeah, not quite over, but the big battle. That's a big battle yeah and from here on, whatever happens, we'll be okay, I think so yeah, but anyway, we'll get into all that in a moment. But first I want to thank our sponsors, who are quit, audible and Casper, which I will love to talk about more later. But until then, let's talk about this lawsuit that we've just won yeah, so we were basically yesterday morning, I mean the verdict came in through the judge. Yeah I was sleeping, I think was like 9 a.m. and ela wakes me up, and she says we won. Yeah and I've I've had like dreams of this day to get that text from the lawyer saying we won yeah fine I've, always loved I, don't know, but it's weird when it finally happened, something you would like to think about so much seriously I fantasized about how we would get that message. What time of day? Would it be it's kind of nice in a way that it just happened? Cuz I, don't have any time to think about it. It was just like. Oh, we won didn't even know how to handle that. It's like what like I I, didn't feel any emotion. So just like what, but slowly over the course of the day it was like yeah. We immediately started working on a video explaining everything, and then we posted it in the evening and I think only once we posted it. I started to to understand that it's real right to celebrate, yeah I feel the same way because it was you know just the fact of like getting out there and talk. Think about it to our fans and getting that off your chest. It's like damn! So it's not quite the end well, by the way. I just want to say the support and love we got was absolutely bananas. This twit, this tweet I, put out that morning. We won the lawsuit here. Let me put it over here this. We won the lawsuit video coming soon huge victory for fair use on YouTube, two hundred and eighty three thousand likes whoa. That is so crazy. That is so much that's like a Lifetime, Achievement, Award kind of um. Is there gonna, be your paint, wait forever, yeah! Well, I, don't know about that! I! Don't I, don't necessarily like when people keep pin tweets from like over like a month ago. Sometimes people have pin tweets from like an out from like a year ago, and it's like well dude cut. Let's move on. Let's talk about some new [, __ ], so I think a probably for like a week but man, oh man, that was so cool and on reddit. Basically, the top three posts of reddit like 60,000 plus votes, was the video and the announcement yeah. It was great man. It felt good. It felt good to get all that support and love. It's really nice man. It feels good because we we worked, and we battled behind the scenes so hard and long on this and it's nice to share the victory with with so many people. It's really hard to explain the process. It was such a nightmare so long, okay, looking over all these like lawyer documents and each motion- is like 30 pages long, and it was a lot I forgot to say what we're actually doing today in this episode, because it's pretty great I completely didn't talk about it. So today we're going to talk about a couple things and after the break, we have Skippy the 37 year old virgin. Now he was 34. We made a video about when he made that video and we have ryan johns amiss they're calling in together. Basically, I want to know what ryan john's miss you guys know: the ultimate pick-up artist, the [ __ ] machine, the professional Soper that we made a video about yeah he's a god, so he's gonna basically get and skip his brain and give him some some advice. How are we gonna get Skippy's dick wet? How are we gonna get I want Skippy's dick in that mason jar find the one. You know, that's what I'm curious. Is he looking for the one or is he just looking for the one hole to get his big wet he's got to find the one because it's gotta marry. His clock is ticking so 37 years old. Let's just start by putting your dick in a hole, you know any hole, holes optional. You know species optional, I, don't know well, we'll talk about we'll see this really, but anyway, I just wanted to make that clear that that is what we're doing today and that'll come up soon. So I'm excited for that conversation, yeah back to the lawsuit, the it's, but you guys can't believe how many documents, how slow-moving the legal system is and on one hand, I understand why it's that way, because it's so important to be thorough to get both sides the amount of time they need for discovery for research. For writing, really beautiful, eloquent arguments, it's so serious, but everything's yeah. It's a double-edged sword, yeah cuz. On the other hand, people who are qualified to do that kind of work charge like one our highest rate attorney was like 650 an hour an hour. That is that he charged you essentially six thousand dollars for one day's full of work, which happened to us when we had the depositions yeah. That was like a 10-hour day, so the deposition was probably the most brutal part, if I'm being honest where I had to sit and a go to conference room in Los Angeles. For this specific purpose was on. Like the 30th floor, some huge godless, LA, skyscraper I thought, I I walked in there and I lost. The presence of God I was like there's too many attorneys here they block and God for my life and they they originally wanted to have a deposition for each one of us. Oh that was so good and thankfully our lawyers got me off that was so good, but poor Ethan had to take all the questions, so it was basically a nine-hour day of brew at seven hours on the record, but it was nine hours long of brutal, relentless interrogation. That's basically designed to exhaust you humiliate you, throw you off to make you tilt right, so we've got I go in there and we were expecting Matt to be there too cuz and I. Was there too yeah either came with me or oh Jesus. What was that again? This? This speaker hopefully are okay anyway. Hopefully the everyone listened just and get [ __ ] their eardrums ruptured, so yeah we're expecting Matt to be there because he can go to the deposition by law. So I was expecting this [ __ ] eating grin of Matt parkouring up the side of the building to come. [ __ ] stare me down the whole time right, sulfur yeah, he didn't, he didn't end up showing up, but just sitting there with Uncle Fester alone. His lawyers, that was our nickname for him, was brutal enough. Oh my god, and it was like seven hours of justice for sure it's just straight questioning no brakes and like you when they say that the point of it is to exhaust you, so you lose track and all that it's true that really happened. Oh yes, definitely a totally! That's the technique. I mean that's got. It works good strategy, so they sit you down the first five hours they just they just ask you [ __, ], to exhaust you and you're, using all your mental capacity to answer these questions and you think you're being really slick and you're answering everything perfectly. But around five hours comes around you don't realize how mentally exhausted you can actually get to the point where I wasn't able to actually even like compute, and there are certain times like when he had lines of questioning and I. Wasn't I couldn't understand what he was getting at like cuz. You know he's trying to get to some right. It was all just always like a point at the end to get you yeah, because he'll ask you like a question like our - like do you think this is fair use and I'd be like yeah sure, and then six hours later he'll be like you said that was fair use. Then how do you justify your answer now, barring this video clip and you're? Like? Oh, my god do that you know it's stuff like that yeah, but actually Ethan did really good. It really did. It was stuff just watching seriously and you handled really good, so they were going to pose ela to the next day, but our lawyer or anyway, there was there was basically well. The thing is you have to pay it's expensive. It cost us the one day to pose Matt like $20,000 I'm estimating, but because you have one attorney there, who's present taking the deposition. You have one listening, you have two, you have all the preparation because they have to prepare. Yes, you they bring you in, they coach you for the deposition, and then you you pay someone to document it. There's a transcriber there. There's somebody videotaping it it's great, so that one day is actually probably the most heavy day of the whole thing. One of them, so I think you know well I remember his lawyer was like am I, gonna, get anything useful out of ela and our attorneys was like no problem really yeah so whatever, but there was one highlight at that deposition, which was like um. He asked me like what did you mean by by this and I said something like or no anyway? He asked me to find what a meme is. Yeah I think. Maybe what was the context of maybe something? What did that mean? I was like. Can you define what a meme is and I said something like I've been waiting all my life, and we asked this on the record. How do you define what a meme is to this attorney he's trying to [ __ ] your life up? Well, take a look in the mirror: Uncle Fester give her to the Adams family. So anyway, let's see well it's all behind us now, but like the amount of paperwork like how many motions were there, there was um. First, there was the summary for judgment on the plead things that we got denied right. Yes, so you do a summary judgment on the pleadings and then they do a counter summary. These are all like 30 page documents and then you do a counter to their counter and then they do it or something they. You do a counter to your account seriously. Every time I thought we were done and then it's like. Oh they just replied. Yes, you need to reply to their reply. So then the judge denied our our pleadings, which was like the first attempt to get it thrown out and frankly, I mean she did handle the case very well, and this is another thing of like why this legal system is great and [ __ ] up both in one because she, the judges, are always worried about being overturned and Appeals, and so, when a judge makes a ruling on pleadings, it makes it more likely that it gets overturned on appeals and so in an effort to be as thorough as possible, which is her job and what sadly ends up costing us like fifty thousand dollars or more. It's [ __ ] up that you have to decide those two things is not necessarily anyone's fault. It's just the fact that lawyers cost so much money, so she said no to our pleadings and when the pleadings I don't know if you know what you're talking about, but we basically tried to end it right there. You know and say: there's no doubt that this is fair use. Let just make a call now and she denied it yeah. Basically right. So then we're like. Okay, so now we have to go to summary motion for summary judgment, which is basically the next level where years make a petition to the judge to say, with the facts presented to you now, no reasonable juror would ever come to any decision, except that this should be thrown out yeah, and then they make the opposing case. So there was, you know we made our motion for summary judgment. They made their own motion for summary judgment. We countered each other's motions for summary judgment. There was a reply to the counter for most Sheree summary judgment for your replies, each other. It's crazy, and these are all thirty. You know Word documents and were so I, don't know how most people hands are their lawsuits, but me and ela were personally extremely involved. For being you know, I mean we I didn't see any other possibility, I've learned in life that you can never completely trust someone else. Even if it's a doctor or your content or your lawyer, you know knowing is God and everyone makes mistakes absolutely so you always want to kind of overlook everything, especially if something is important is yes, especially in this case. So we read every single one of those documents many times over and have like lengthy conversations with our lawyers about different ways to approach the arguments and by the way our lawyers are brilliant, were brilliant. The guys at Fox raw chilled, who and I want to make clear that we won because of them, and not because of our previous attorneys I. Don't want people I want people to know where the credits due on this one. It was because of our new attorneys that one this one that's what we hired them and so they're brilliant, but we went over everything and it was like being having a juggle that, while actually making doing our normal thing was like having a freaking part-time job yeah and even like with every motion, you think we got demotion, we're done and then you'll get an email from the lawyer like okay. Now we need to write your declaration. That goes with the motion and that's another three page thing that you didn't even know about it. Yes, and it's just never-ending I remember they sent me the transcript of a seven hour, long deposition on the record and they says read over this whole thing and market for heirs. It was like 400 pages. I was like. Are you [, __ ] kidding me? This is moby dick and justice boring anyway. So, basically, where we're at now is that we won we won and the way that the court works is that matt has the option to appeal that option is available to him and appeal is basically if he decides to appeal, it goes to a higher court and they have to re argue the case based on all the evidence and the same arguments that was already set forth. The good thing is that the judge made an extremely thorough examination. She made a go to summary judgment. She took her time. She made an extremely informed polished opinion and she let Matt do all he put in all his claims. Whatever you wanted to claim, she was like: okay, we'll allow it. It happened a couple of times where him and his lawyer wanted to amend the complaint because I mentioned I farted, his name like I, heard him fart in the newest video. It sounded like Matt awesome, dad the complaint, like the video, where we, the video titled, we're still being sued, the one where I cry after that video. They wanted to add something to the lawsuit right. What was it I? Don't remember something about how we're spending a narrative of being the victim like something just obscene yeah irrelevant, and our lawyers were like most likely she's not going to allow it. But just let you know that there's a chance just that, because she's being thorough and she did allow it- and it made me nervous because our lawyers all-time are being like well she's, just being thorough, but I haven't heard [ __ ] from her she's taking forever and I'm like dude I, don't know, what's in her heart right now, yeah, but it turned out. That is what it was, because her opinion was a strong, powerful rebuke of Matt because quintessential my friends made the fun quintessential representing the most perfect or typical example of quality or class. What a great word, oh, my god, a matter of law like she brought down the gavel on this one. So he has the right to appeal, but his chances are looking pretty slim on that and I've always suspected that Matt was never paying for his lawsuit because, as we actually know from the deposition, that's public, he is in fact a pizza delivery. Boy he's not there's no way that he's paying those bills. In my opinion, no I mean it's possible, but what I suspect more likely is that um, it's a contingency. Basically, his lawyer is like I'll, take this case on a contingency that if we actually win money, I get probably almost all of it and Matt's like yeah I just want to torture him, that's what I you know, I'm guessing or Matt just wanted his pervert. Perverted people do when they don't have my. Maybe they split it 50/50. You know it's a contingency yeah. The thing is like usually an attorney would never take a case like this on contingency but I think because in the beginning they were trying to shake us down for $4,000 and I. Think his attorney saw it as a easy, quick cash out, maybe more cash. So it's by going off there. Other people right. That's why we initially put our foot down because I'm like what's to stop this guy from Africa stun for 4,000 going to everyone else. Who's ever made a reaction, video and demanding money with us as a legal precedent, and so and then the other thing is like there's ethics to being a lawyer. So once this actually goes to the lawsuit goes, he can't be like we'll see you Matt he's obligated to represent him, but now that we're at this point of Appeal I don't know if Tim is still obligated to represent him, he doesn't have the money. If you can't find an attorney to take it on concision see, then that's it. He can choose to represent himself, which would be a [ __ ] riot. I can't imagine what those legal arguments will look like written by Matt and so on. So there's that aspect and then the other aspect is. We now are at a crossroad where we can decide to counter sue him for legal fees. Yeah a lot of people. Think, oh, you won. So you automatically gonna get your lawyer fees back, that's not the case. No, unfortunately, you have to sue for that which is basically getting involved into more whole new process. All new prices, probably months I, don't know how long a year I think our our lawyers estimated it would cost between 20 and 50 thousand dollars to sue him for damages or for attorney fees. Here's the thing assuming Matt's broke, which I assume he is so we would never actually get any money from him. We would probably bankrupt him and we would definitely it would set a legal precedent, a powerful one. If the judge grants us attorney fees, it is a strong, powerful deterrent to anyone else who's thinking of doing what he did, because now you're really standing a real possibility of being liable for the most of the [ __ ], but I think, regardless of what we're gonna choose to do, we don't know yet yeah I think it. The president has already been made. I think I mean it helps, it does add weight. It helps but I feel like the majority. We did in fact that we, why was the biggest thing we did? What we we set out to do, mm-hmm, which is so crazy, said then and then like basically what's pretty much par for the course is. When this happens, usually the winning party will trade so they'll say: if you don't appeal, we won't sue you. So that's the third option, which is pretty normal as I understand it from our attorneys. It's like the recommended way yeah, because it's just like just end this [ __ ] just end it right, but you know but anyway, so that that's pretty much where we are now. So it's like, as we said, the battle is over, but the war is not over yet, but hopefully you know this was a huge victory and I'm just so [ __ ] stoked to actually see a legal precedent written down in the law books in favor of reaction, videos, mm-hmm, and not even that just Internet content, 4.com comment and criticism yeah. She said that our video was like something you'd see in any video. What she's, video analytics class or across the country quintessential mm-hmm comment and criticism. I mean the the distinction she made is pretty clear in my mind, because and and she was so good in doing this- she said- and for clarity- not all reaction. Videos are fair use. When should we agree, we've always agreed with a of course I hate these. These people are stealing content as much as I hate the people who are removing videos erroneously and illegally right. So she says, if you're, watching a video like a viewing party, if you're just sitting there watching and not cutting it up, that's probably not fair use, but she made the special distinction for what we do, which is cutting it up, pausing it offering comments and criticism throughout. That seems like strongly and likely to be fair use and what I'm hoping and the result of that is that YouTube and other you know, websites online can use this legal precedent to inform the decisions they make when they get DMCA complaints. So next time somebody files a DMCA complaint for for reaction. Video YouTube has the legal precedent to say no due to the Court's prior rulings. This is fair use because 90% of the time, especially on YouTube when people file those takedowns, it's always because they just don't like what you said about them. They don't even know about fair use or the law or anything from our experience. That's what we've always had to deal with, yeah, exactly and so now. Youtube can step in and say no here's a meme that I love out of this whole thing. Here's a this is a joke: it's not actually from the depositions Crysta transcript, but somebody made a goof on. You know where it is wait. It is yeah the witness yes, so I did say that and mr. Berger, you said well I'm going to like this video that was badass right, yes and then ela said yeah. Yes, yeah it was classic yeah. This is from the deposition. That's what we're talking about! That's [, __ ]! That's good! [, __, ], yeah, yeah, yeah, that's good! What else we got here, the quintessential oh yeah! This was so funny. Basically right the day, our video posted. This is Google search terms for quintessential. Look at that spike, dude quintessential a meme. The judge brought that back into the lexicon wend essential. My friends is on the register, so the other thing that that, like cracked me up basically, this was all over the media. All over the news. Bbc News BBC news beat Gizmodo Kotaku PC games, TechCrunch, tube filter I mean everybody's talking about this [ __ ] right and really nice really supportive. But there was one that that stood out to me and I was like wait. What what am I reading? Gizmodo Gizmodo look at the title of their article, popular pickup artist. Comedian loses huge lawsuits against youtubers that mocked him I mean just as titles go. I can pick a large that popular pickup artist, comedian. It almost sounds like it's like you, gotta read it a few times to make sure you heard it right, yeah, it's a real underdog story, but here's about anyway, the title here you go. Listen to this basically they're going to talk about how great it is for fair use and stuff, but listen how they, how they close this out after basically talking about it now was a good time to point out that the couple behind h3h3 channel aren't necessarily angels. They racked up millions of YouTube subscribers, making fun of other youtubers and generally stirring up [ __ ]. This is written by a fourteen-year-old which is written by Matt Haas. This is the editor of Gizmodo is Matt Hoss they're here, listen to this [ __ ] and in terms of subscriber base. The h3 couple certainly comes off as a big bully bully. This is a serious website. Gizmodo maybe found a new job stepped up. Kids, moto, I think they're, butthurt I think they think that we're like alright extremists, because we made fun of xarna great. Thank you. Let's see, um comes out, yeah we're big bullies because we have won 4.6 million subscribers, while Matt only has 170,000 yeah. That's a good comparison. Considering he's the one who [ __ ] sued us I'm, a big bully I'm defending myself against a frivolous lawsuit. You [ __ ] idiots, which we won so we're not even that's what that's? What bothers me about the title, this popular comedian, pickup artists, lost a huge lawsuit against a channel that mocked him. It may it points us out as like um I like how we brought it on ourselves or something when, whenever people hear about the lawsuit and then they go and watch the actual video we made about him, they're, like wow guys were so nice to him. What the [ __ ] yeah. That's the initial reaction over this. How did you say we were bullies? Were big bullies with the wrong but they're strong following the h3h3 couple, also raised over a hundred thousand and crowdfunding for their defense, even big bullies enjoy the benefits of the First Amendment, though you need to you who is giving editing jobs at Gizmodo to [ __ ] middle schoolers, they're starting [ __ ] they'd like to start sharing with people at the end of the day, you can chalk all this up to youtube drama, going I or L what a dick with trash article anyway. So this brings me to my next question, which I'm kinda I: don't think it would ever happen right but like having Matt Hoss on the podcast. Would you ever want to do that because I already knows my answer: yeah, which is never in all caps right all caps I think it would be interesting, but I mean I, don't sit, I'm, not sure that I don't think Matt would ever come on because he's too but hurt, but I think it would be interesting just to confront him and I want to hear his his deluded excuses for. Why he's protecting users, rights or whatever he says, I've got a caller on the line. Let's see what they have to say about it. There we go our first, never callin, all right. How do I do this he's muted? How do I do this? Dan I can't hear you yet I just didn't. He might hurt himself muted cuz. He was on standby for a while. This is already disaster cannot drum unmute yourself. Oh there you go, hey, hey, hey I got you I got you what's up dude hey? How are you did so? What do you think should Matt auspey on the podcast was like hell? No, definitely not, but then it like, maybe like a year or two from now and see maybe having a mom like after, like kind of Augusta settled, I kind of agree with that. Maybe they let the tension settle a little bit, get the because I think Matt is such a hot-headed, arrogant kind of guy, like he's clearly so stubborn that he follows through to the end. Maybe it'll be a little more reasonable, then, but I think I'd. Also, rather, him just disappear into obscurity by then what I I'm always waiting for new Matt Hoss content, as I said in our original video anyway, thanks for the call dude appreciate you, god bless, you thinks thanks cool how'd that go. How was our first Colin, not mad? That's great thanks. Good I, appreciate that, let's do we have anyone else, okay, good job, guys we handled that pretty good thanks for the Colin Doug. You see we're [, __, ] professionals here, do it I dab on you haters? Actually, interestingly, the top post on ima, 8i AMA on reddit right now is believe it or not. I am a request. Matt Haas! You know that I think would be awesome. I'd love that I want to hear him talk. Yeah, just I want to hear him. You know justify himself which he's in Cape. The only thing he's done is make a youtube. Video saying, like the truth, will come out: I'm high level, I'm playing 3d chess and so I'll talk about it once I've won this case, because there's so much more, this video is so ridiculous that he made I think his master plan. The whole time was, he was like I'm gonna make these vlogs these videos and collect all the hate comments to show as proof that I've been irreparably damaged, because once that we actually work done with all the motions and stuff he disappeared and stopped making videos yeah I'd like to hear what he has to say, either way: unbelievable I'd love to see that the fact that we're- oh we're done with this- for now pretty much I mean yeah. We just have a couple little small me Marino's. So anyway, that's pretty much it for the lawsuit. So thank you, everyone for your support. Thanks for joining us on this ride, I mean it was an honor to be able to lead the charge in a way on this. One I mean so cool. You guys made it possible. I mean you guys enabled us to be able to do that. I! Don't know that we could have done it on our own yeah I, don't know, there's no way, so it was a victory for all of us, I'm just so relieved. It's been a it's been crazy. Now this next story is a juice City I'm telling you turns out. You remember. We were petitioning to the mayor of LA to Daddy up on Jake Paul and it turns out he did daddy up on Jake Paul because it turns out that yesterday, or was it today, I'm, not sure on the day, maybe yesterday that the City of LA made some kind of official decree that bars Jake Paul for anyone from Team, ten from vlogging or filming in their home yeah, which is the main staging point, the main setting of all their vlogs. He has a vlogging ban and threatened what six months prison time. If he films in his house, it's it's pretty real. That is insane dude. That is so crazy, because the other part I didn't know that, like prison time could be on the line. Yeah I guess it's a misdemeanor and they've been charged with all kinds of like public nuisance. Things so the city straight up was like you can't film there anymore, you're, making it intolerable and the crazy thing is that, because he's become so high-profile, they need permits to film outside, but because of the nature of their content, they make vlogs that film everywhere they all be that's just literally impossible. I think they may have to move out of LA. That's the only solution and it comes back to Mir, actually listen, cuz, we're like yo kick Jake out of LA, and he kind of is doing this by saying you can't film in your house, and you need a permit to film outside. You can see here in his latest vlog when Nick Crompton, who of who hails from the City of England. It breaks it to him, live in his vlog watch, this [ __ ], so good guys, you can't dab the heat out. This time turns out. You were the ones that got nabbed on Jack's film. Ask the question: what happens if the haters dab back right? Now you get an answer that back hard and fast and furious pretty funny, but actually no. This is gonna, be pretty interesting to follow. Yeah I mean there's some there, an actual deep [ __ ] here. What do you? What do you think about that? The idea of not being able to film in her own house is kind of that's pretty. Was American I thought that maybe it's because they don't own the house, so I was thinking, oh if they go and buy a house, maybe Daniel would be fine and dick, and that would solve it. But Dan told us that no that's just the law in LA. You need a permit so but I think this was a court order, specifically against them there so yeah. Maybe you may actually be right in that. If they just move to a more secluded place, where they're not disturbing their neighbors, then they may be able to film. But until then, because there's still the team ten house and when we talked to Jake, he was saying that they were having a lot of trouble finding a new place, because everybody knows that they're just gonna trash it and burn garbage and [ __ ] anyway, pretty fascinating family have fun move out of Italy seriously. Were they gonna go Las Vegas that desert Utah, somehow there's youtubers in Utah, it's the home of Skippy Mormons anyway. Another thing that went down before we get into the Skippy Rian Johnson's conversation, the trending page I complained about it in our last episode and listen, I, I kind of need to rally on this point, because our new video has four million views over four million views in 24 hours. It is about us law. It is about copyright issues, fair use on YouTube, every possible person we know on the internet was talking about it and not just that, but publications, online publications and whenever you ask YouTube, how is the trending page decided? They say it's an aggregate of voix blogs and stuff around the internet. So this video couldn't be any more possibly trending in. In theory and sure enough, you know it's trending in Canada, in Australia, in Germany and Sweden, essentially our biggest markets. Besides the United States, the United States, it makes up 50% of our audience and somehow this video is not trending in the USA and then once we started complaining about it on Twitter they trended the reupload of the original reaction, but not the video about us winning the loss of a [ __, ] I went on Twitter and I started bitching and tagging Team YouTube this morning and then, when we come back from doing voiceover for payday, then I'm getting tweets, Philly d3 to me and they're, like they trended you're, bold guy, reupload, Y Darwin. Why would they [ __ ] with me? They trended the bald guy reupload, which is like a two-year-old video. Now it's my friend 3 on trending. It's got no context at all. It's just an old shitty video I mean essentially the audio is bad. The visual is bad. There's no context at all. Why would they trend that video and not the lawsuit, 1 I have no idea, and it's just it's just strange. Really. It's strange my biggest problem with it is and you're I mean our biggest problem with it is how they're not transparent about what's happening there like at least if it's gonna be a list that is curated, but by someone at least presented that way. Yeah just yeah I agree, but even Isis top creators on on YouTube when we asked them how it works. There won't say that they just say blogs blogs, links from blogs, just when a video goes viral on other platforms, but like so I was thinking like and in this specific video when we made it. I was like no cursing no adult stuff, because I want to I kind of want to see. This is gonna trend, so we didn't curse in it. This is what I put on Twitter, no cursing no adult content relevant to US law, huge victory for fair use on YouTube and YouTube. Meanwhile, it's like, let's trend another Casey Neistat video I mean no offense to Casey. It's not his fault. They can't read about it's like dude. What are you doing? It's so transparent to everybody and in a way, it's like feel, like Casey, gets a lot of hate at at this point for YouTube trending him so much it's like a meme. Now it's becoming a bad look for him. There literally, he is on trending right now, when our lawsuit, video, wasn't him and like an ad for tonight's show, trending is essentially just I. Have this whole conspiracy theory like I was watching Jimmy Fallon last night and they had the king of random on mm-hmm I think that they made a backroom deal where they're like will promote youtubers on your platform and trend your tonight shows and in a way to let cross-promote and I mean I. Think it's a great idea, because you get more people from traditional TV and the YouTube ecosystem, which in turn helps all of us. So in theory I think that's a great idea, but you gotta balance it they can do whatever they want, just be transparent about it. That's my biggest creek with YouTube like just be honest and I'm. Fine anyone, although it is a great little distal guy, that they trended that video dude I was so happy with that play to re-upload it mm-hmm I. Remember talking to our attorney and we're talking about like theoretically, if we won, we could do anything with that video and we're like wait. Could we just reapplied it and he's like yeah? Of course you won it's your property, it's fair use by a matter of law and we're like. Oh, my god, we have to reload it on h3, it's so beautiful, alright, alright! So we can I just want to see if anyone's in the discord, no, no okay, so we have Ryan Jones and Miss and Skippy on standby. Coming up next we're gonna hop on the phone with both of them. I'm actually really excited. This is gonna, be fun, I love both these guys. But first let me let me quickly thank our sponsors before we get into that. First and foremost, we've got quit. Okay, do we have a quick toothbrush? This is probably my favorite toothbrush of all time. I'm I am obsessed with oral hygiene. Either will tell you that I brush my teeth like 10-minute sessions? No, no, you will buy slick a whole episode of some show. That's like 40 minutes. Long I feel like that's I. Sometimes I feel like it's gotta, be bad for me. Cuz. Sometimes my mouth gets no, because every time we go to the dentist, there's nothing wrong with Ethan I mean it's good for my teeth. He lives about hurt every time. There's something with me. I mean you just seem like you're pretty unlucky, because you floss and brush every day at least twice a day but I floss every night, yeah and every time we go the dentist they're like yeah they're, like Ethan. Why do you bother coming here? Ela you're neela? We need to change all your teeth. We need to give you ten root. Canals I, don't know what I don't know what it is. It's weird how some people I guess it is something like um. Some people have like deeper crevices in their teeth. [ __ ], like that yes yeah I, do have that so anyway, I'm always on the search for a good toothbrush, because when you brush for ten minutes, if it's not perfectly soft, that [ __ ] will destroy your mouth and not only is this the something one of the softest Brussels I found? It's got a great even brush, and it's got this timer. You turn on the vibrating. You hear that please more than just your mouth I wonder if they like that, hey they came back yeah, it's a sex toy, it's more than a toothbrush. It's got more than one purpose. You turn on the vibrating and it basically times your brush to make sure you brush enough and it times out three minutes of brushing time and I promised you. When you finish with this, your mouth is gonna, be sparkly, squeaky, clean. So to get your quip and if you support the show, go right now to get quick, comm, slash, h3 and you'll get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's this part here. Basically, you just changed the top. That's your first refill pack free at get quick, calm, slash, h3, that's get gtq, you IP comm, / h3! Thank you! So much to quit. Next up, audible, you guys all know and love. Audible, I, love, audible makes the most mundane tasks. A joy audible is the largest source of online audiobooks. They've got at all guys, it'll. You know. If you're exercising, if you're playing video games, you're taking a drive, you want to listen to a wonderful, enriching story, go to audible and see. What's good, bye, II, actually audible, surprised me with how much I actually enjoy this service. The narration is always really good. Yeah they've got some celebs today, they're bringing the celebs I. Have anybody what book would I narrate? Do you think some weight loss Plus? That would be my dream to narrate my own Fupa la spoke for audible. Guys. If you go to audible.com slash h3 podcast, you will get a free audiobook with a 30-day free trial. Now here's what I'm gonna recommend you listen to Game of Thrones Song of Ice and Fire book number one. The books are thick they're, dirty, I've, read them all, but I've also listened to the audiobook. It's a breeze. It's a joy they've got like this atmospheric environmental voice. Acting, it will transport you to another world and if I mean the books, give you a whole new perspective on the story like I love, the show, but the books, you know what they say about the books. Here's something interesting game of Thrones fact the show is called Game of Thrones, but the actual series, if you didn't know, is called Song of Ice and Fire Game of Thrones is the name of the first book of the series. Oh, so this show chose to go into different time rights. That was just the name of the first book. The the series itself is actually called Song of Ice and Fire I. Think Game of Thrones is better I actually did, though I actually did - well. Scheme of Thrones is a little more limited in scope. I think. The first book is a very games of Thrones book and it's not always the Game of Thrones thing so I understand the Song of Ice and Fire. Although it took a long, [, __ ] time to get to the Ice and Fire part, so I get both of them anyway. Thank you so much to audible, supporting us. If you guys want support the show, go to audible.com, slash a tree, podcast get a free audiobook with a 30 day free trial. And finally, we have Casper the mattress company Casper. They told me to sing that they gave me that idiot they're like hit a c-note drop it down to the d7 Casper. We got a Casper mattress, it's a it's! It's incredibly comfortable yeah and I'm, actually using their pillow -. The pillow is incredibly comfortable. The Casper mattress is really cool, yet they deliver to you in a box. You bring it out it puffs up because they really compress it down, and when you open it up, you get surprised by how much it opens up and fluffs up, and then you can't redo the way it came. What like, if you were thinking, maybe if I move I could no it's cuz. We tried what about once. You only fluff out one yeah, it's a serious fluff out. You can't deep fluff sar. Did you try it? You cannot deep flow. They're engineers are obsessive about making the most comfortable mattresses on earth and I'll. Tell you what I compared it to sleeping on a very comfortable mattress mm-hmm. Can you imagine what that's like you don't have to strain your imagination, I think for the value. It's probably one of the best matches you can get if you're in the market highly highly highly recommend it and here's the deal. Mattress comes delivered to your door in a compact box, free shipping and returns available in US, Canada and now in the UK, and this is really cool. You get a hundred day trial period. Considering we spend one third of our lives on a mattress, it's so important to try truly sleep on a mattress before committing that's. Why Casper gives you a 100 nights to try it out very cool mm-hmm? So if you head on over to Casper comm slash h3, you get $50 off your first purchase of a mattress cool, that's Casper, calm, slash h3 with promo code, h3 terms and conditions apply, I, don't know what they are. They just told me to say that dad. Why are you doing that? That's weird something keeps happening: I'm getting frickin, hair blasted! This trim is not hearing, it I, hope no I! Think it's just I. I really hope that someone with headphones didn't just get deafened for life. So if you're in the market for a great new toothbrush, a great new mattress or a wonderful entertaining audiobook cuz, they do hear it consider supporting the show by heading on over to one of our sponsors. Thank you so much to them guys. I'm gonna, take a quick break to urinate and when we come back, we are going to get real with your boys, Skippy and Ryan John Smith I am super excited, so do not go away we'll be back after a brief, brief break. Thank you guys. So much see you soon. All right. Welcome everybody back to the h3 podcast live welcome! Back yeah. We have got Skippy the now 39 year old virgin on deck to receive some sage advice from the ultimate pickup master, Ryan John, Smith's they're, both legends Ryan is someone. We've spoke about in the past, he's a Soper he's a party animal he's, a musician and, most importantly, he's a pickup artist and he's [ __ ], like 200 girls. I, do want to ask him. What's the current number now Skippy was the subject of one of these shows on my TLC or one of these networks that will make a show about anything called the Virgin Diaries and it catalogued his attempt to just get his dick wet, essentially he's a 34 year old, Mormon and he's never had sex. He lives with his mom in the basement, but he's asked wonderful character, who was just so desperate to dick hit, put his dick into any hole which is admirable? Something I really relate to on a personal level. I don't know if he would agree with that. I, don't think. I asked him yeah and anyway, he's now 39 since that came out and still a virgin. So I want to bring him on. Ask him a couple questions and then we'll get Ryan on the phone to hopefully coach, these two guys and and and ideally to build this into a more fruitful relationship between the two of them. So with that being said, I Skippy, if you're there I have one question for you to begin. My first question for you is like when watching that that episode featuring you on the Virgin Diaries I noticed that you had a mason jar full of belly button lint next to your bed that you brought out during your date. Can you explain what the [ __ ] is with the belly button? Lint collection, okay, super quick story about that. 20 years ago, when I was on my Mormon mission everyday, we were supposed to like write in our journals, write and read the scriptures and things and I was like I. Don't do I'm like what do I do every single day and I was like okay, I shower and I'm like, but I, also like empty my belly button when I'm like okay I, can't commit to writing my journal every day, but I will do that and so I. Just started pulling out and I, there was a little girl from Christmas that I had and so I'm like I'll, just put it in there something about being in a Christmas jar, makes it just saying something something about putting in a Christmas tree. Okay, once all right go ahead. I'm just going to stop clearly is a little bit of a delay. Yeah good between then, and when with it like ten people on the planet knew about it, like my best friend since high school, had no idea that I had it like literally no one knew about it. They came billing and we're like, what's that, oh, but you had it laying out clearly if they were able to see it well, it was in my room, yeah yeah, but like prior to them, filming it. No one knew about it and they're like oh we're, including back I, get it yes, everything's fair game, but it's not like I went advertising and selling rate that they had to go me and my amazing belly button and color something like I ever brought a girl on a date that hey want to see this there's something really just the fact that it's in a Christmas style, candy canes, you ever smell it. You ever put your nose in there and just take a deep snow that well, your belly button holds like a [ __, ], wet soggy in your stomach with sweat and like lint. Anyway, let's get off that. How do you get so much? It's okay? That was the part of the video that stuck out to me the most he was inquiring. How do you get that much lint? Well, I get lint my belly button, -, it's something about being a fat sweaty, hairy guy talking about myself here, I, don't mean to say that about you. We die here, I! Think it's something about the here: no you're, not you're, maybe the only person that puts it in a jar every day though, and collects so let everyone know let everybody know now the offers on the table for the right offer. Skippy will sell you that jar. Is there a minimum? What's yeah what what's the minimum you're looking for? Probably what $2,500 something like that like. If a person gave me $1,000 right now, only because I think that I could probably get 25 special there's a special promotion going now for our listeners get a hold of skip me if you want to buy his belly button, lint collection, alright, let's get into the let's get a little deeper than this as much as I do love talking about cabone, then what did you think in the first saw her video morning, I check my Twitter and I was at like 1200 and I had gone from like Virgin Diaries came out, my like 800 Twitter followers up like 1500 and I was super excited about that, but then, over the last couple of years about 1,500, dwindled down and I, build it back up to 1200, and that was Thursday morning at like 10 o'clock and then Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock. My time you guys released the video and within an hour I was up to because you guys then released the video and did the podcast and I was up to from 1200 up like 1,500, mi, 20300, yeah boy and also I had not been recognized in Utah. I have been on a game show on one money there I had even it did an internship for a local TV station in the morning where I was on fairly regularly and I'm. Only in the last ten years been recognized three or four times and in the last two weeks, I've been time Wow. So you seem pretty happy about it at Wendy. Oh, that's, cool man, I'm, happy to hear yeah, so you're, not considering suing us right, not that you know being on Virgin Diaries was something that was really fun and I got to. I was supposed to be on the view, but my plane got stranded in Detroit, so I didn't get to go on the view. Let me ask you beyond dr., drew to promote it and then I got to fly up to Seattle and introduce the Lumineers on stage in front of the deck the hall ball. It sounds like you have a very illustrious history. I want to ask you something: have you been on any dates lately ago, I took a date to the party like seven eight years, and so we go on dates and, like I've, told her a million times like if she's ever interested in a relationship I'm there for her so ACCE. Is she a Mormon so as I understand it? Your biggest your 48th year coming up on 40 years of not never having had sex is the biggest obstacle in your way. The fact that you can't have sex until you're married because you're, religious Mormon or at this point are you just ready to get your dick wet until after I get married, and hopefully it's with a girl that thank you, but at the same time I don't think the thing what is when I was 22 like I'm Pro, Medical, Marijuana, pro gay marriage, so I'm not like, like I'm a liberal Mormon, and so what is it? I'm gonna marry a virgin like when I was 20, yeah I thought I was gonna, get married to a virgin and I'm 39 do I think I'm getting good. So no I'm warning you want to marry a virgin I got married. Your dream is to marry a virgin. Tell me once once you get married 20 when once you get married once you get married, what is the first sexual act that you that you would like to perform? Six of them on the way? No time you can't wait, you get it out, you get it down. You know what to do like. You know where the hole is right. It's always just it always surprising, because it's a little lower than you expect I hear that it's frequently that it's like it's lower than you expect you're gonna. Do it really quick in the limo and then when you get to the hotel room? What happens then? Well because I'm not going to rape, my wife you're not going to take the lead on this one you're gonna be more submissive, you're, more secure into being submissive. Having a plan that, like okay, so sweetie I've been all I, know the song that I want to do to- and it's all coming back to me now and just when I was 17 I thought that was the songs. I should lose my virginity to, and so it's just been my go-to Raptor Celine Dion. Let her take! Let her take you. There I'm curious, what's the furthest you've ever gotten with a girl so far and a half a second and a half base is that Bob of Apple logo there well above our so it was. It was both experiencing above stuff right, it's never been I've, never a girls, never gone below the waist with her mouth with me right with hand so you're allowed. Are you allowed to get a [, __ ]? Okay, thought no talk to the bishop. I love that phrase, but so I mean what is it willing for you to get your like get a [, __, ] and then just be like well. This is worth discussion with my bishop [Laughter]. You know like hands are moving in a car and then it's like, oh crap, my bishop, about this later right when the whole intention was, if I wouldn't be great. If I got it this at the end of the day. Yes, so you can I've had chances where I could have had sex with a girl like where I've been on dates with Phillip and I know, if I had wanted it to guess at that point, but I really did turn into speed Carell on the 40 year old virgin, and the next thing you know like you've accidentally kissed a girl on the face. It really don't worry the whole religion thing. It seems like so rough man such a rough rough thing to deal with in terms of sex but I'm, hoping that, with the advice of a dating expert like Ryan Jones, miss can help bring your game to the next level so that we can find you the girl of your dreams, and so that you can finally move on to that. Third, fourth, and dare I say fifth, will a Kay, a homerun, Grand Slam I want to take you all. The way with Ryan's help do you think you would benefit from the from the dating from the advice of a dating coach ya know where I see the most value of being is like if I ever want to get to the point where a girl would actually want to marry me. I have to be better with girls to just like get them to go. That's the problem is getting that. Fourth date: oh [ __ ] I did add to call, but it hung up on Skippy know what I'm trying to get them both on a call I'll, [, __ ], all right hold on I'm trying to get them in a group call ad call what am I doing wrong. You call Skippy, and then you go hey Skippy I'm, trying to add Ryan to the call hold on one sec, so we're getting Ryan on the phone. Our discord have completely failed. How do I cuz when I call him it just hangs up on Skippy I, don't get that you can cut this part Dan! Oh here you go, merge! Okay, good uh, hello! Is everybody there, hello Ryan! Are you there I am here? Thank you guys for your patience and trying to get this up is their first time doing something like this in our our basic. Are our planned method completely failed? So we're on the phone here with Ryan John's miss the dating expert with Skippy the 39 year old virgin. Ryan Ryan is a is a god. I mean Ryan. How many women have you slept with you're good? No, not all good. So a my question, my question for you Ryan is: how does your dick stay on? How does your dick, not just withered and fallen off your body after the afternoon? That's like you're, throwing your the dice on the craps table 207 times well. I. Definitely recommend practicing safe sex at first at first, when you're, with a new partner right. We move into a let's say, a trusting, monogamous relationship God and that's good advice. So Ryan, let me introduce you to Skippy who's, also on the phone Ryan. What basically wait yeah? Why don't you guys? Why don't you pick it up Ryan to talk to Skippy? Did you end up in a relationship with a few? Actually I mean living in Las Vegas. It's it's an interesting game out here. You know as a single guy, it's it's uh I enjoy sex with beautiful women and it's fun to go out and meet women and well, let's focus on helping scorpy out here. Skippy is basically having trouble getting to the fourth date. He has a lot of dates. He finds a lot of dates, but he has trouble securing the relationship right. So what kind of advice would you give somebody like see like talk to Skippy like tell him? What does he need to do to get that? Fourth day, a few thoughts sure? Well, let's start with some. What's what's going on like if I was dealing with a dating coaching client first I would want to find out what are the underlying issues? I'm gonna ask you personally: why do you think that you're not being able to be successful with women I think the number one thing is that I I feel like a failure in my life that I'm 39 develop and in mom's basement so I think that that's like I'd be the best thing like when I was in my 20s and I. Look like caring about my future cause like everyone in their young twenties is expected to be like this, and it was like yeah go on fun for first they sell the time that kind of thing, but I know that the reason why it in my 30s it's different is because, like even if I had the right first pick up line for girls. There's that thought that goes oh well. This went really well and I even wanted to say, like hey, let's get out here and go make out someplace my back home valuation is mom's basement. Yeah I saw the video you need that video six years ago, right, yeah and you're still in the same place, yeah I'm, pathetic I feel like you're, accepting a way too easy Skippy that you're like yeah I'm, pathetic, that's it it's like you got to get out there and shake your dick bite there, like that's like the first thing off the top of your head, like I'm, pathetic. It's like accepting defeat, you're lying believe that that's where you're at and you're at that plateau right. If you think about me, I'm trying to I, don't I'm not happy with this. In fact, I my mom and I even made an agreement that I have to find a place to live by the end of September, so like I'm, forcing myself to move on and I was like gone and gotten to help with getting my resume, updated and things to be able to get a better job and I realized that that is a part of it right. But that also isn't like the reason why on tinder I'm not getting for those so I think that's one of the things that have brought you into this to know right, you know well, Skippy, do you feel comfortable with your approach beginning? Do you feel comfortable approaching women? Do you think you have a good approach No? So what are we gonna do about that? Ryan. Give this guy some slick tips on how to [ __ ] get his dick. What well the problem here! Ethan well I think about his in-game, even if he goes up and and he's approaching girls and doing well, he has no way to seal the deal or I'm understanding that you're Mormon and you're not trying to like : uncle a sealed deal until you're married, but you still have no way to isolate the girl and her saying right until you end about your mom's place and you had her own place, yeah that seems yeah. You have to look at the bigger picture. So to speak, sure you know you got a yes, you have to figure out how you're gonna get from from point A to point B and whether that's true, whether you're not trying to actually have sex with the girl, and you want to end up this. This whole issues kind of woman does want a man who's, gonna, [, __ ] her like not, you know. Well that's interesting. Let's follow that thought because Skippy I was asking about what he fantasized his first. You know sexual position would be on his future wife and he said, like he's not trying to rape his girl and he's just going with the flow so I'm getting some like very submissive. Vibes from Skippy have a history of like knowing what the first thing to do, even if I got to that point was so he's good at Famous. Sergeant Ryan. Is that enough? Yeah I, don't think that's gonna be enough. We're gonna have to step up your game Skippy. Since you made this this video like six years ago, I'm gonna, ask you a question: if you continue this pattern, that you're on and you keep doing the same things that you've been doing the past six years, and you keep doing this the rest of your life, what kind of results do you think that you're gonna end up with? What do you think is gonna? Be the outcome? I completely agree with. You I think that you're right, like I, need to make like I need a head-to-toe makeover. Give me a makeover baby. What are you talking until or physical Skippy I want admit, I want to give your ass a makeover. I want Ryan, to give you a makeover, I love it and Ryan to the mall. I'm gonna need you to put them in the chokers and [ __, ] and capes, where other guys is like. Okay, the end game is to have sex right. If we just bar and say like okay he's waiting till it gets very bad, but we put gold. That's not just like getting sleepy to the point where he can have sex, but getting sleepy to the point where she can end a first date and get a second date for sure or even have a Goldie to get Skippy to go on a date. Where do you think I make out at the end of the first date and then get a second date to go with it? That's a much better goal for me than go: have sex kind of thing. You know and feels like brother guys, yeah they're hobos go out, get laid Ryan. Let me let me ask my self in here yeah Ryan. What give me up give me you, as your dating expert, a pickup artist, a motivational coach. Let's lay out a plan, a playbook for Skippy yeah yeah. We've got to change like the way that he's thinking about this first know like when you're we're saying like this is a goal to like get a make out like it's not hard to make out with a girl, like girls like to be kissed just as much as girls and you're making it you've got to take the [ __ ] off the pedestal like saying, and it's so out of reach. But you have to understand, like your man and it's building you to take what you want. Danny be a dominant real man. Oh keep going right, I would oh [ __ ]? Are you kidding me? Are you guys there? Okay, you're there you're that go ahead right, I got you back, wait. Are you there Skippy I'm here Oh what happened to Ryan? Oh you are there? Okay, so go ahead! You yeah yeah, you I left off at take what you are cuz you're, a real man and that, and so I was no I was like I was a feeling that so continue on that thread. I mean you've been doing this well, not just the six years, but you've been doing this like almost 40 years now like if you, if you keep doing what you've always done, you're gonna continue to keep getting the results that you've always got. Does that make sense sure yeah we need to change these B hat these patterns of behavior that you have right. We need to imagine imagine, like your mind, is like a computer like and right now you have and like you're, not even like Windows 7, like a like Windows 90, wipe out that old, hard drive and reinstall I know Ethan hates windows, but skippy 2.0. We need to continue right, so I'm, just I'm just trying you know we're gonna have to get together and brainstorm on this need to get together. You know what do we do? What do you think we're gonna get mo of makeover head to toe I? Think we need he's, got to look good to feel the hair. What are we gonna do about the belly button? Lint collection? Should he bring better or what do we do about that? Hey Skippy hold on hold on Skippy I, know, I, know, I, know, Skippy hold on hold on. Let me talk here, I know that you don't bring it on dates, but the mere existence of it is a [ __ ] huge deterrent, like I, try to sell it. I'll give you a week to sell that Skippy. If there's someone out there who's weird enough to wonder on that, but I'm telling you if we're I mean I, just don't think that that is something you can carry around because when you're in an intimate conversation, we need to share the fact that you have a belly button like collection next year, better yeah, yeah I'll. Do that I'll autograph it Skippy. But if nobody buys it, you got to get rid of it, because that's just a skeleton in the closet. When you bring me up there and we meet I'll, bring it with completely ready. You sell whatever you get, the highest bid and I can bid on it right so that I can I. Think you maybe overvaluing this thing. Somebody I think if somebody takes it for free you're, getting a good value. Okay, so we're gonna sell it. You have you have one week to sell it or we're gonna. Do it too [Applause]. They are you saving down. You saving the stones, though it was the thing thanks for all that time, so I have it somewhere, but it's not like it's late memories or was it like like pictures, I have pictures just because I it must have brought you immense pain but yeah. If you're trying to attract women like having stuff like that in your face, don't feel that they're gonna kind of feel something cringe in the pit of their stomach. Where, with me to my place, Skippy we're talking about so we're talking about Skippy, 2.0, right, I. Think the same part of you that has this desire to collect, bellybutton, lint and kidney stones is the same part of you. Maybe that's making a difference and we want. We want to see the grown man Skippy the new verb of you, okay. So let's, let's, let's focus this, then it's okay to let some of these parts of you go and decide like you're in a safe place. You know it's gonna, be a good thing. Yeah yeah, absolutely I mean look. My end goal is to just you know. You know, let's put let's, let's get that day, so here's what I'm proposing and the coming weeks I want to bring both of you guys out here to LA I want to bring Ryan Jones, miss and Skippy the 39 year old, virgin out I. Propose that me and Ryan do give you a look of a makeover. Okay, we're gonna! Do some pretty woman, yeah I'm, a pretty woman, the hell out here: okay, bring bring up the kidney stones end up and the belly button lint with, because we need to. We need to figure out what to do with that stuff, okay and we're basically going to coach you mentally physically, it's going to be like dating boot camp and ultimately, what I'd like to do, because Ryan specializes in infield training, so I want to put you in the field with Ryan and basically put a earpiece in your ear and I want Ryan to be giving you real-time advice on how to be securing these relationships. That sound like something we were doing, that it was kind of like a joke, but I do not take a student who has not trained with me like one-on-one in a classroom environment and just put the earpiece into him and take him out it's it's it's more like after, like maybe three or four or five sessions right through the earpiece thing right. He doesn't really need that, but I think right now we need to give him a makeover and then he needs to start learning how to approach women like a confident man and be able to express what he wants. You know, I want you to be able to I. Want you to be able to be comfortable with with your desires as a man. I want you to be able to do. You know well right now you know when he's seducing women and being able to go up to them and tell them exactly what you want. You know I want you to be able to like really like hi, let's get out of here and no I think we're all on the same thing: yeah like famous like George Clooney, or something like that. Would he use a line like that not talk to the bishop. He would no! No. What do you know I? Don't you seem try hard I want you to be able to just walk up to a woman and be like hey. You know. I saw you from from across the way. I just thought you were super cute and I want to come meet you I'm Skippy. You know maybe Skippy a real, no he's so comfortable and basically all right. So anyway, this is the plan and I and also the earpiece part we're going to do that. -, sure, okay, okay, it's invisible, it's invisible, yeah and then fine and then I have one more question for you: Skippy. If I bring in a pastor, certified to marriage and I find a bunch, a beautiful woman, and when you get to choose the one that you love, you go on a date she's great. Would you be willing to come in here and get married to somebody? No, my my long-term happiness and the Internet are probably not going to be the way that I find what I want well I'm. Just thinking like we could just take a shortcut like we could take a shortcut like you bring in a couple of cuties okay. So it's not worth it to bring in a couple of cuties to seal it up. Have someone get married, you know get the dick wet talk to the bishop and then, when I go on dates with girls. I really hope it ends with like making it autumn that that girl wants to do that again and I realized that one day that weeks is a boy. That's another thing, you're looking at this in a very a way, that's very Hollywood, and it's not practical in a real life application in a real life situation. When you're meeting a woman getting properly at the end of the day, maybe it could be, though, maybe it could be passionately who's going to sleep and off their feet, man Skippy, alright, guys! Let me let me cut you off there. I think well, I think we're at a good place. I think we're at a good place. Yeah it's gonna, be smooth. It's gonna, be slick, so I'm, looking forward to arranging you guys both to come out here and Skippy. We are gonna transform you, we are going to build, you, make you better stronger and ultimately you're going to be talking to the pastor or the bishop. I mean we'll be talking to the bishop, alright guys! Well, thank you. So much to Ryan Jones, miss Ryan. Do you want to know where can people find you YouTube my name's, miss and and Skippy? Where can people find you at here for me so I'm doing a vlog and let's gonna, find that Twitter on Twitter at I am Skippy and I got my current YouTube channel. If I am Skippy but yeah Instagram I am Skippy, Twitter I am Skippy, you know, what's gonna happen when you actually, you know you're gonna have to change the name of your YouTube channel, hopefully, by the end of this next couple. Weekends, alright, guys, okay, good I'm, glad you've thought about it. Okay, good guys! Thank you so much I'm gonna! Thank you guys guys. Thank you. So much I appreciate you. I'm gonna get in touch with you guys in the next couple in of the weeks, and thank you all both you guys so much for coming to join us was a lot of fun. I appreciate you both thank you. Thanks, dude Thank, You, Ryan cool, all right I think they have a lot to talk about to talk about. I. Think we need to get those guys in a room together. Yeah a glass of of Henny I want to get big and drink any mm-hmm. It's challenging because Skippy's got this religious aspect to it, yeah by Ed and is just looking to find the one, which is what a lot of people are yeah, but also at the same time, I think that if it seems like talking to the bishops a good trade, it's like you, [ __, ] up you talk to the bishop. It's like watching! You get your hands dirty, you wash them you're good! You talk more complicated than that. You only get three talked to the bishops in a lifetime before God hits you with the lightning bolt well, that was [, __ ] interesting, look! We're out here we're trying new things. Give us a break. These guys are both interesting. I'm gonna see what kind of yeah it was interesting to hear them. I mean hey. So thank you, everybody for watching this week the HT podcast stay tuned. Next week we have somebody scheduled who we have scheduled. Is it Jenna and Julian I think so I think it is jenna, Marbles and Julian. We do need to confirm with them that it's, the final I think it's the first, so that is going to be exciting would be the Friday show I wish you guys an awesome excellent weekend. I'm excited for my weekend we're going to celebrate yep we're going to Las Vegas with our friend post Malone, my best friend everybody's, giving me [ __ ] for that he's I said he's one of my best friends and doesn't matter he's one of my best friend he's a close friend of my he's, a friend, okay tone it down a guy I know we're going to Vegas with them. We're gonna watch the fight, we're gonna play blackjack we're gonna drink some beer, I'm very excited, so I hope you guys have a great weekend. Thanks for sharing your Friday with us or it's Thursday, actually yo appreciate you all and have a Oh. Should we take a call, I think I already wrapped it up yeah. We only ended up every time on call on Tuesday we'll be taking more calls. Wait: okay, yeah! We don't have. We don't have anybody in standby, okay! Well, hey! We took one call, it was great. So that's a fun thing! Guys see you next time, Tata [Music].