Welcome everybody to another episode of a street podcast. Today's episode is sponsored by Squarespace, honey and quip. We have got an incredible flippin episode to him back for you today, okay from first of all, we have later coming in the boys, Jack and Eric. First of all, already the best episode it doesn't get better than that. Until now, we've got on the phone today, Kyle the Cougar champion. You guys may recall him from a recent video we did. He was featured in a TLC The Learning Channel documentary about strange addictions, he's a 30 year old dude who slam dunks on 90 year olds, but he dates exclusively older women and he basically wrote to us after we made the video talking about him saying like they, they miss portrayed him. He wanted to clarify a couple of things: I have a couple of things: I want to clarify one thing: Phil, but he's an interesting guy right, I mean who, who of us have lived that life? You know what I mean nobody to actually slay someone with your penis is kind of like the ultimate honor as a man. It's like I [, __, ] I killed her with my dick I'll. Ask that's an accurate portrayal of what he does in the bedroom, so he's lined up we're gonna get on the phone with Kyle and then Jack and Eric are gonna hop right in and it's the may, the force be with you memes a happy Star Wars day. In a way the new Star Wars are fun, but they've also kind of ruined the specialness of Star Wars. It used to be. May the may the fourth be with you in a second, this beautiful, perfect franchise. Everybody loves, and now it's all like that. One was okay. This one was mine. It's like there's nothing special, there's han solo origin movie coming out in like a week. It's like you, know, it'll, probably get a 70 and then all the sudden, because we all wrote off the prequels we're all like. Well, it's still perfect, because George came back and he's a little old I, don't know, I see what you mean. Yeah - I have fun watching it I'll leave it. You know. Just you know: Ian. The intern is an adamant. Defender of the prequels, he loves them. Whoa interesting yeah, I'd like to be arguing with him a few times in I'd like to bring you on and possibly could you prepare a dissertation and we can kind of like challenge. Your thesis, like a doctorates degree, he's out walking shredder, but when he gets back all I'll see if he's something prepared, he was pretty passionate about. He has interesting theories in he's a free thinker and under the Kanye and yeah all right, but enough of the [ __ ]. By the way. Next week we're taking a week off, we were trying to think I want to take a vacation yeah, but then we're like. Oh, let's go to Hawaii. Did we talk about this hurry? Was this somewhere else? I, don't think you guys talked about not okay. I was like I want to go to Hawaii, oh I want to go to Europe, I want to go to Mexico and then I'm like hold on a [ __ ]. Second, these aren't vacations. These are always miserable works with so much headache like you got to find a flight and airport going to airports. Is worse than any day at work, you've ever done unpacking right and then, by the time you get five days. But yours worked because, like the last two days, your worrying was you're. Like oh I got a pack of my [ __ ] up and go the airport yeah. Every time we go to Israel. We do that every year it's not vacation. Let's be frank: it's pretty flippin far from vacation. So what I had this brilliant idea? No one's ever thought of it before I was like you know what we're gonna do: I'm gonna turn off my phone I'm, not gonna! Look at social media I'm, not gonna, do anything I'm, just gonna chill in my house, I'm gonna just relax! That's a [ __ ] vacation! You remember when you were kids summer vacation that was a vacation. It was such a vacation that you used to be like I'm, ready to go back to school. That's a vacation when you're, like I'm bored I got when we decided to do that. I. All of a sudden got so excited. I can't wait like that sounds I mean yeah I'm relieved I was like relieved I. Just like the idea of not using my phone right, nothing, no emails. No anything I've been feeling more and more about how actually toxic all the social media stuff going on and all the like I mean how the frequent checking of the phone and like either looking for like news or read it post or Twitter or Instagram. Something is satisfy you're, always searching for something like interesting like where is it and you've? Just you get less and less reward and more and more time on, and it really feels like an addiction yeah. It is it's funny. Remember we used to make fun of those videos, but that guy makes it more. They that's the way that they do it. That I, don't like like Prince ie. Where he's like look up from your phone it's more about, he doesn't really approach it from a way that that's like this is an addiction and let's use this in moderation. It's like look up and don't look down. Look up, I, don't know the way they do. It's annoying yeah I'm, just a guy talking so the way I do it when I feel it it's real. You know I'm an [ __ ]. He was right yeah. He was ahead of the game, but I feel like now more than ever, people are starting to realize. Like man, this [ __ ] is kind of like a no problem. Yeah yeah, our intern Ian, he said he'd erased all of his social media and he has a lower brother who says, he's Instagram even more, and it's like a real problem. Interesting. The kids who are younger than us have like new problems. Yeah cuz I will grew up with the Internet, but now these kids, who are coming up now, were born with social media right and that is a whole new twisted mind. [ __ ] to grow up with I. Don't know it's really lately it's just depressing me, my god, Instagram used to be my favorite me too, and now I'm like every time, I open it I get depressed, I, don't know why Facebook's paid then to me for a long time, but I still Facebook was my first social media but I still after all this time, I don't use it. I still reflexively go type F in the browser go to Facebook I, don't look at it for very long, maybe like 30 seconds but I I hate being on Facebook, but I. Still after all this time, it's to go to the weird habit. Reddit started to get really bad for me, like all all sit in bed and waste an hour just scrolling, reddit and and in my mind, I'm, like I, don't want to be doing this I could be doing anything else, but this, but like yo-yo, is a friend of an hour. So so it used to be like the joy I enjoyed it and I was in the moment, but now I'm wanting to be doing something else, but so yeah through it yeah it's weird, so bad. It's a weird thing: it sounds like everyone is feeling it too, like especially lately yeah. What are they doing? Cuz? You know they're doing [ __ ] to like manipulate you for sure. You know, since Facebook bought Instagram I've been reading stuff about how they'll specifically underreport likes on your posts, so that you will think that it's underperforming and you'll keep checking it. My god out of insecurity like how twisted how sick and you be when did they buy Instagram? They did it secretly happen like I, don't know a year ago, but I was longer than that. How was it yeah? It was, but that was that was so smart of them thing one day. That's why I hate cuz it used to be my favorite one they're, getting more manipulative with the stories. The stories keep you on yeah, duh, I, don't know, and now they started like the like thing them and they started switching the order. It's no longer chronological yeah I hate that, and so it's really all about manipulating you at any cost, no ethical to be a consideration exactly just to spend as much time on it as possible. Well, anyway, let's talk good to Kyle the grandma [ __ ] I, wonder, what's his social media like well I'm, really looking forward to that vacation, I'm, gonna, really just try to unplug and what I'm gonna try I'm looking in the chat right now and a lot of people are saying they feel exactly the same. Yeah I, don't know, there's something in the air work just suddenly. We should gotten really. It should be like a national thing where everyone takes a week off of everything. Damn that'd be that'd, be killer next week. Urge that'd be really cool next week, guys do it. Let's all do it together seriously like leave the calls on. If there's an emergency people can call you sure, but no text, no anything yeah, I'm, really looking forward to it and and one thing I want to focus on is like just doing things that are I know are good for me. During that time, like I'm, not gonna, work, I'm gonna enjoy myself I'm gonna play video games and stuff, but I'm not gonna like drink, not gonna order, pizza, nook and what what I want to do is focus on like exercising every morning because usually I make excuses. Like oh I, don't have time. I have too much [ __, ], yeah right, gotta work, I'm busy browsing reddit for an hour every morning. So what I want to try to do is like take care of stuff around the house. Mm-Hmm get in the habit of exercise every morning, eating healthy and just having like a holistic experience of like wellness, I love. That idea so we'll see where we're at so yeah looking forward to that. So no podcast next week, um but hey! You know what okay, let's get back on track, so Kyle the cougar champ. A lot of you probably know who he is a lot of you, probably don't so I'm gonna play a little clip here to bring you guys all up to speed, whoo-hoo those who are and not familiar with your boy, the great Blenheim's column, I'm, 31 I, live in Pittsburgh and older women where's the [ __ ] mouse button. Much older women right I can find it like 60 70, 80 year old, older women, all the smell. You have something to say no I, just I love that says: I love this man, yeah I love this smell. It's like I want to actually ask him. What did they smell like? What is? What is how how do they smell like what is the smell cuz when I think of older women I? Think like like musky closet like positive, oh yeah, stinky? How is that I? Guess he likes that? Maybe, like he smell old socks, I, don't know I loved interest seriously. Like ladies I promise, you telling your man, the interest will not turn them off. It'll put a smile on his face. They'll put a smile on his pants. Okay! I want to know who wrote that line for her about the dentures. Vendors will put a smile in your pants. So anyway, this guy he's really enthusiastic and actually what we found out after we made this video is that well he's dating a 91 year old, currently or I, don't know if she's in one of the videos that way, but he we later discover he makes porn, he's a pornographer mm-hm and he he [ __ ] old. Ladies on camera, I, don't know if that's his primary business but I have so many questions for him. So with that being said, let's, let's bring him out man Kyle uh! Let's grab him Kyle the cougar champion. Are you there? Hey it's good to be here. Man under the weather, I have a cold yeah good to be here. You sound great man, don't worry about it, but first of all, let me just say what a honor and thrill it is to be in the presence of the one and only cougar champion. Is that something is that a title you've given yourself or was that anointed by others? That was something on what I decided. I was going to do porn I had to pick a name and that's just the name. I came up with and there's a hell of that. Guy won't talk to. Oh, oh, oh yeah. Let me fix that. Dan Heath, these got feedback. Can you hear me Dan yeah, you know what here let me uh it's kind of loud in there yeah yeah. Let me alone all right, Kyle's ahead. Try that now! Okay, is that better I can hear you, okay, okay, great so um you had this grit well, first of all, what is it actually you're dated a 91 year old right? Okay, at the time that video was shooting they they portrayed it, they wrote it as a heart and I would never do monogamy anyone, that's so I guess! Well, did you were you having sex with the 91 year old, Oh, [ __ ] for a while- and you know, stalls me on my shampoo. The point of all of it Oh was that with her eye on astad I couldn't hang for that long, good, I'm! Sorry, there was a video. She had. Some tats around her nipples I was like damn this lady's [ __ ], really seen some [ __ ] talking about Shirley, the one that wasn't the that was the addiction that was, but let me ask you this: when you're, when you're slamming on a on a 91 year old, are you more do you have to be more gentle because I know you, you have quite a bit of rain she'll, go anywhere from like seventy to a hundred I, don't know where you draw the line, but like are you more gentle when you, when you slam dunk on older? Ladies yeah? Okay, what are you ever concerned about damaging the goods? I mean what wrong thrust to be. It could be a it could be the last one. No you broke [ __, ] dude. Tell me about that situation. Words make it what not what a tear in the back of my [ __ ], what the smiley face, I'm glad to stitch her up. We couldn't do anything for like six weeks. How did that make you feel? Did you feel bad or accomplished a little bit of both actually has anyone ever died? Well, while you've been in a relationship with them, yeah Marge died at 94 Connie get on the website she passed away last year when does passed away and Linda passed away, passed away like all right. What does that? Are you like in touch with their family when someone passes away like I? Do you go to the funeral? Does it? How do you feel like when they pass away, and is that, like a like? What's the what's the emotion that you experience, because you you got to know when you get when you get with these, ladies, that that's a strong possibility right that they they're their own expiry date. Sorry Connie's, the one from the video right, the one that was too young for you damn well, damn Doug tell me about so when you mention that dentures put a smile in your pants like was that something that that you offered to the camera, or was that something that the producers helped you dream up as much as I hate doing minute? That was just total Emma and it's I love how you say that line of like I guarantee you all men love your dentures. Do you think that all non-refundable, ladies or my gum job? Is that what it's all about your expenses? Yeah? That's a new standard, so describe what gum job to me. I mean it's getting a [ __ ], but like there's, no there's no chance of teeth, scraping your [ __ ] off right and you asked for a gum, job or a [, __ ], when you, when you present the opportunity to them. Well, there's a lot of times. I can look at the woman. I can tell she answers. I won't bring it up at first well, she'll, say she's going down on me, but somehow a secretary thought well, usually it first would be nervous about all that babe! It's cool trust me. It feels way better in the mouth damn and then they pop out the dentures and it's all about the gum. At that point, it's a GJ. So when you notice that girl has dentures, does that excite you? Now you had mentioned that when you slam on these old, ladies you'll, even put their legs up behind their heads. That is a bit of a shock to me. I was gonna. Ask what position you engage them because there's some what seem to be somewhat fragile, but in it it seems like. Are you trying to break them? Is that part of the thrill [Laughter] and the Pretender Paul I want to hold our head underwater while I [ __ ] her in her ass? That is crazy. Wait. How do you get to that point? That is sex? Get to that point different position, however. Obviously can't get away car composition so, on the camera, I mean I. Think you'd be really surprised as to how, but on the other hand, you did break two [ __ ] recently over honey I was going oh well, um, damn by the way the audio is a little [ __ ]. Is there anything to do about that? I'm working on I tried to adjust the EQ a little bit. But honestly, it just sounds like his reception is getting a little okay yeah. How many? How many? Ladies old, ladies, would you say you've slammed by now: do you have the exact number you keep? You know you keep behind Wyatt. Why do you I'm curious? Why do you keep that guard at that exact number Oh care about a lot right? No! Well! You already said over a hundred like I mean, what's the big, what can be really be that big of a [Music] star, trekkin, sister EVER fold, homeland, has pictures and [ __ ] like nudes yeah, together yeah yeah Wow? Is that [ __ ] like wow? That's pretty nice, he did. Do you keep like hair or anything like that? What about ash? That's anyone been cremated and have you collected their ash? Alright, let me ask you this. Have you ever been put in someone's will because it wouldn't haha, because it would make sense that these cuz these old, ladies, they really I mean you guys have like emotional bonds like they really it's a beautiful thing. When you come into their lives, they seem very happy to have that companionship. So what didn't surprise me at all if they're like you know what I want to leave this guy a little bit of something just know, you're actually working out very well, but I mean a lot of times. People look at me a stereotype me so you're, just [ __ ] full of money when you're talking because I give you this and that um he actually gave me way too much pleasure smiles, almost love them. It's actually rare that becomes like an emotional thing. Most of the time it most of the time lost at home, just alcohol in sex, most of the time I would actually like I would I would assume. The difference is because they're kind of lonely on. Ladies and now someone all the sons interest in them. It's like spree sparking older flames. You know it makes sense to me that they're, like it's a more of an emotional thing for them than than a sexual one. I mean these women have all been through. Man no come on, usually the majority of the time. It's alcohol staying up, [, __, ] all night, that's the majority of the time, but then occasionally they're all ones here and they're like um. Listening right now, it's a courtesy nonpoint last weekend you know the rock being on point: I know: I, don't okay! Well, I'll! Take her see it's a lot that sort of sees them on last week when we had drink the ball. Ball was fine by me here and there we have to call a dressing on a Chanel way to see Mel in there for Chili's in Mexico um. There are ones that are but yeah you do have balls relationships, but the majority in the time I suspect that's interesting, cuz. If you hook up with an old lady, is she always coming at you with like the text and [ __ ] like? What's it like to be text that by an old lady who doesn't even really know how to use a phone or maybe that's a plus for you loose ends, no lose a huge house, a huge misconception: I used to work for a major self over hot rod now and I was in the stores. These old people know how to use cell phones. That's why I'm kind of pictures of like [, __, ] and cuts and video to them going on. Yes, that we're being texted to pay for them in their 60 to 70. Have you what someone might be context will go? What's the richest old lady been with, do you have you ever landed like a real rich sugar mama, you like took you to nice, dinners and stuff I, never asked for a nice chef on in I would say the one I also -, I, never googled her net worth I, never look how much they're worth, but there was warm if I had to guess. Probably the most well off I was dating a lady in Pittsburgh who was like a head nurse of somewhere and at one point she says to me she goes you know, I'm. Basically, rich I'm gonna move to Florida. Once you come with me, you know, what's her I said no? No, she goes why not I was like oh I, wanna hate you in a week I'll become a [. __ ] apply it. You don't mean, oh so, they're far off in the military, like it for after I lost military I'm sitting there in Iraq I'm telling the story to my friends with my friends like man, you're an [, __ ]. What why well, you can't be a form of smoking, so grandma take care of you, but no you're, [, __, ], Iraq, you're, a dumbass again well, I, never I, never I! Never researched or network I, don't know. [ __, ], yeah, I, see a shot. I will definitely say into your credit that you don't [ __ ], 130 old women. If it's about money, that's love for some old grandma, [, __ ] right there. Let me ask you: you said in the in the video that when you were in high school, you realize you were attracted to older. Ladies, because you had this hot older teacher and that's when you realize you were tracked with old. Ladies I feel like there's more to that story. I feel like a dis. Lifelong fetish has got to be born from something a little bit more than that. What do you have a relationship with her? Oh yeah I didn't seing the and the TLC. You just made a brief anecdote about. It started when or maybe yeah I, don't I, don't know about any funny. Why that the teachers I was referencing honestly I never touched their. You know my a these doors, Menino town, but he just [ __ ]. Their students like wherever they were I was a kid. I can say the first older woman I ever had I mean I was 17. She was 34, but that doesn't count these not not to meet them. Um. She um a high schooler. She was an art teacher from college and she was there just to me by a friend, especially to her mom. That was that big diva calamy, because now I will look at you and respect you're. Just you were just born being into older. Ladies I feel like that kind of stuff, like like nothing ever happened, we're with the older lady. Like she, you know no question by saying: that's you know what do you like grow up? That's why I got Wireless guys I mean you know. Your people are wired, how they're wired? What your inter interesting do you uh go out for God, the the oldest lady you've dated is 91 right or was there anyone older than that? Oh let's say we were dating, but the last time thank you, Father, whatever yeah [ __ ] the last time of her life section when he walked on 93. You know you're talking about I, can't imagine that's like 93 year old I've never met a 93 year old that wasn't just like on the verge of death. You know what's funny about that um, but last time her and I had sex. She was 93 that videos on my website right now. Right now guys is this your full-time job that you're a pornographer? Oh, no, not even close I, don't make I, don't think nearly as much as me on what they committed. That's basically [ __, ] money, I mean I, don't make that's not my job, my even close I'm close. What is your full-time job? Okay, oh I mean we'll say a couple years ago: I had a great job and I really liked. That's if it was just amazing and then I got found out at work, yeah every fire of you because of the porn so far yeah. You feel discriminated here until ladies, not really funny jokes over the years, my name by the way like the pcj on your on the YouTube, video or [ __ ] hilarious I, mean you know grape I've heard some really effort to really funny jokes or personally shitty jokes over the years. I really I, like it depending on the contact, so well, was all. In the Marines years ago there are some serious-ass holy towards what I was doing: I'm very [, __ ] right all right, Kyle, thanks for calling in man I, don't know how I feel about what you're doing, but I do feel like in a weird way. Why don't I don't like to hear the [ __ ] breaking that much I know? That's probably you know it's a hazard of the job, but you are bringing love and warmth into the lives of these old. Ladies right, you bring in tenderness and, and you just keep smashing those [ __ ] ugh. Just do your thing all right keep going. Ups, I, really appreciate. Hey god bless you. Do you keep slamming literally right here, dude? Well, that was a thrill. Well, the boys are here yeah. The boys are here. Boys are here, I need to unpack that experience. Boy need to decompress a little bit so hope you guys enjoyed that I was a [ __ ] wild ride, we're gonna take a commercial break. We will be back by the way. It's may the 4th be with you, but it's also Cinco de Mayo and we've got what is it called margaritas on thick I got my brain fried well. Think of all these gum, jobs and stuff, the GJ a GJ, a Jeep yeah anyway, guys um we'll be right back with the boys. It's gonna be right. Stay tuned, do not go anywhere. This episode is sponsored by Squarespace, whether you need a domain website or online store, make it with Squarespace. That's a command I'm pissed. Why am I so angry all the time when I do these carpentry or not? You decide I'll, give you some passionate I'm Pat, it's passion and it sounds like you're angry yeah. It's not anger. I'm gonna give you information, you decide if this is a good choice for you. Okay, here's here's! The information, you decide. Squarespace templates make creating a powerful online identity even easier, and you can create a beautiful website with Squarespace to turn key solution. It's all in one. You sign up everything you need. Is there you don't need to be a programmer. You don't need to be a NASA scientist to create a beautiful website that lets you express who you really are see. I didn't I didn't go up, I stayed down I'm, giving you information. Squarespace allows you to manage your products, orders an inventory easily, that's an interest, that's a good selling point. They also track sales gain customer insight and grow. Your customer base all within Squarespace, using their customer management and commerce analytics Wow, not at all dude all-in-one, baby turnkey Squarespace makes it easy to learn by providing webinars workshops in 24/7 customer support. They want you to succeed because when you succeed they succeed. That was great. That felt good swear. Suisse makes it simple to set up or transfer your domains. So if you're ever interested in building a site for your own shop, your own e-commerce but karma ecommerce business- or maybe you just have a atomic Gucci collection that you really want to share with the world, doesn't have to be commerce right. I want to see that website too. So you have no excuse now. Destiny is calling cuz. Once you put those tamo Gucci's online, your loan will never be the same. It says unique destiny says you need. A new website now go make that website with Squarespace head to squarespace.com /ht, to start your free 14-day trial and save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain again, that's Squarespace, calm, /h 3 go feel it out see. What's there, you got 14 days for free, see if you like it, alright I'm not gonna, get angry about it, but I I'm a big fan of Squarespace. Thank you for sponsoring us next up. What can you say about honey, the greatest browsing app of all time? Okay. First of all, we've talked about honey previously and and I've installed. This browser and I'm not I'm, not blowing smoke up your ass. Just in between the last time we talked about it, we bought. We were, we bought Jack. He had a registry for wedding gifts and we we bought a gift late. So it wasn't that much left, but there was one item at the top that was like 600 and we're like all right. Let's pony up for this guy he's a good friend. Let's get him these $600 sheets by the way, who's that was a bird schwa play of them to put a $600 sheets on the registry. But you know I was up for the challenge, so we go or some normal ones to not to make them yeah yeah. It was more like a challenge like who the who wants, who is gonna pay for this one? Who wants to be a real friend today anyway, I did so we go over to Macy's and and we're checking out we're ready to drop, 600 bones and honey's like uh-uh I, don't think so. It saved us 360, mocks and so from 600 we only spent 240, don't tell Jack because he thinks we got the most expensive gift. But now, if you compare it to everything else, it was like kind of middle of the road. So don't tell jack whatever you do, because he thinks for like top dogging it, but it turns out no just a nice gift. When you shop online. Do you suddenly turn into a tab, hoarder loading, dozens and dozens of new tabs on your browser in search of a promo code, just one that works afraid to close any of them and fear of missing out of a deal? That's pretty neurotic! It's not that serious. But you know I, guess our seriuos! It's like yeah sounds like they're freaking out Sarah was like yeah. That's me, I was like sorry, I, don't think you're neurotic, but me and Sarah. We both have a lot of a lot of tabs open. What are you coupon searching because like yeah before, but anyway, that's a problem of the past before you crash your browser yet again try honey honey. Is the free browser add-on that over nine million people are using every single flippin day to save money while they shop online and to clicks, add honey to any browser for free, then shop like you, normally do and he scans and tests millions of coupons in the background, I check out honey automatically applies the best coupon Time magazine calls honey. Basically free money forget about what Time magazine says and I call it basically free money. You should call it literally literally yeah I need that I was saying: I need an upgrade. What they said. Can you honey, I'm talking to you got? Can you remove this and say ethan klein calls it literally free money. You can get like sued. It's not literally free money. You can buy something, it's it's literally honey, sending you money in the mail and if you can expect to check every month no I'm kidding over nine million people are using honey every day and together they saved millions of dollars. I cannot endorse this product enough. It's so easy to install and I guarantee you before too long. You're gonna be saving money. From with this thing, it's gonna blow you away, there's no reason not to add honey to your browser. Today, it's free takes just two clicks to install, will save you tons of cash, get honey for free at join honey, calm, /h Street, that's two words: join honey, calm, /h, three to start with honey. Today, that's join honey, calm, /h! Three! Thank you so much to honey for sponsoring us and finally, everybody's favorite, electric toothbrush quip, which has changed my life for the better I can't get enough of this little vibrating tube and it's so slick the design is so slick. You put it on your mirror, like whatever surface you've got, and then you, you put your quip in there. You holster it you'd holster your damn vibrating toes glue here, it's freakin, unbelievable here, oh I, think I already took it off yeah we already. Let me tell you about quit. I use this. Every morning, it's uh. It's changed my life in terms of brushing. First of all, the bristles are soft, it's rubber, which is unusual, or that has some oh come on. You know. That's not a good demonstration. [ __ ], obviously don't put it on your laptop, no well. We've we've used this yeah. It works for a while, so but the toothbrush, okay, the toothbrush. It's got soft bristles. You turn it on it. Vibrates dentists have said for a long time the vibrating tooth brush cleaner mouth better, but that's not even the best part about it. It tells you how long you need to brush because a lot of you slobs out there I mean. Ah, let's be honest, don't brush your teeth for long enough? You live, for example. She says she brushed her teeth. She got the buzz and she's like. Oh man, I was already done, but she knows that she has to keep going mm-hmm, I personally, I'm I'm, extremely bizarre I brushed for like 30 minutes. It's probably not healthy, sometimes I feel like I burned my tongue because of the two places in my mouth so long ago, regardless regardless it tells you how long to brush, for it tells you when to switch from top to bottom. You are gonna, have a beautiful, clean, satisfying brush and here's the best part. It starts at just 25 bucks, big name-brand toothbrushes. You got to get a mortgage out on your house to buy that [ __ ], it's like $200 who's got time for that garbage and it's delivered right to your flippin door. Okay, Oprah even likes it. They make me say that here Oprah likes it. Who cares about Oprah I'm endorsing it? Why do I need to say that Oprah forget about Oprah I can guarantee you. She doesn't use the toothbrush. She has some. She has some toothbrush, that's made of like Egyptian silk like a goddamn handle. You think Oprah uses this come on. She has a leaves that brush her teeth, Oprah's a billionaire I'm, a normal guy. I love this all right change this, but I put it on my oh wow list, plus they're, backed by 20,000 dentists and hygienists, and hundreds of thousands of happy brushes, I love. This toothbrush, give it a shot. You will not regret it. Clip starts at 25. Bucks go to get clip, dot-com I mean 25 I, don't know what I said: get clipped, calm, /ht right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. You pop off the top you pop on a noop top every three months. They send it to you in the mail and you never have to worry about buying toothbrushes and shopping for crap. You know it sucks when you buy toothbrush, because you can't really try it and then you don't like it, you throw it out. Like oh well, yeah, maybe that's me I, don't know people are that neurotic but like if you get one, that's too stiff, they'll [, __ ] your gums up. It literally hurts my mouth, get your first refill pack free at get quit calm, /, 3, /h, 3, that's GE, TQ! U IP, comm, /h 3, give them a shot and thank you to all of our sponsors. You guys they make the show possible. So if you're in the market, please support them with that being said, let's get right back in with Jack and Eric the boys, the boys calm down. This is the part where you cut me off: welcome back everybody, the h3 podcast here with the boys from common etiquette and jacksFilms I love you guys these my favorite episodes. We come we drink, we laughed, we smile, we CAD, we cry sometimes sometimes sometimes we [ __, ], grandmas, compress compress I. Just had an intense moment. I wanted to first talk about well, first of all, Jack you were just recently married. So congratulations. Thank you very much I'll drink to that and you all were at the beautiful wedding dude. That was one of the worst moments of my life yeah. Why? Just because I believe no longer tango, man, no I, don't know I and the fact that you don't know. Why is good yeah yeah tell you, you didn't I, didn't I, didn't what I feel like that would have been better, so the image I don't know: we've lived in Israel for so long I, don't know how invitations to weddings work. Apparently it's like it says, 4 o'clock. It says and we're like. Ok, because in Israel it's like weddings at 4:00, show up at 6:00. Okay, I see the answer. It's work, I think I know that's how a lot of things work. I started about four, that's. How part is that we started about four I guess in America, when you write weddings at four. That means your ass is up there saying vows at 4:10 right. So when did you someone is you guys show up so we roll up around like 4:11, we roll up and I'm. Taking my it's, not terrible, but we rest. Oh I, see okay and I roll up in the valets like I'm, like I'm here for the wedding and he's like the one at four and I was like yeah. We've done this good attitude, good, nothing for you! So we're going in the bathroom we're taking her time, we're getting dressed yeah and then we're walking towards the where the wedding's happening and they go. You know, follow the path whatever so we're falling right path, and then we end up walking through this restaurant we're like hey where's, the wedding I figured the restaurant was somehow associated and we walk through there like. Oh, no, it's that way. So I walk through a double doors and right in you're you're getting married right there and right right here, field of vision, yeah literally jack, is facing here and I'm walking through a door during this ceremony. Did you see me no, not at all. I did not I mean I know like so stressed. At that moment, I was it was. It was just like the the it was. A lot of things like like I was I, don't want to say nervous, but, like you know, it's just the ceremonies happening. I was so oblivious to everything that was happening outside no I know exactly where you're referencing I know exactly where that is right, closer right in front. Oh, it couldn't be closer to where we were literally getting with nobody else there it was in so I was like. Oh my god. He definitely I was like. Oh my god. Why did they tell me to come through here? First of all, so then we go around and everybody's sitting there's pretty much. No spare seats and I'm like I'm, so [, __, ] embarrassed can't believe I didn't see this. Did you see this so I'm and, of course a part of me in my mind, is like, of course, my own embarrassment is somehow paramount in my mind to your beautiful special moment. I'm like this is so embarrassing and not being like. This is such a magical, beautiful thing, no I get it I, get it like. That's yeah, that's better! So I walk up around and it's actually more of an intimate wedding than I expected it. How many people were there 121 wow? They really squeezed them. You know squeezed a minute. They did that's I, look like 50 yeah, oh wow! Well, at any rate, so we walk up and the ushers like I'm like there's no way I'm gonna go sit down and interrupt the ceremony I'm, so [, __, ] embarrassed I'm. Just gonna stand back here and the ushers like. No, it's fine. It's fine go ahead. It's fine! There's seats in the front row. Oh no and I'm like I'm, not gonna, sit in the front row, you're insane I'm, just gonna stand back here and and then there was this whole thing of like it's more embarrassing that you're standing back there Oh sitting I I swear man. We would not have noticed we really liked if you were wearing all pink I with polka-dots. We would have you know because we're just like this, the whole time you know yeah, like you, never would have noticed you weren't wearing a tux either or anything. Well, they're. Really there really isn't there wasn't a dress code specified? It was just you know, it was I mean it wasn't. It wasn't black-tie like it wasn't anything like that. Yeah! It's just look! Look nice and I'm! Sure you and you did. We were freaking out that maybe there was also like a dress code. Anyone following that was wearing like a bomber. It was I was fully we're just in panic the whole time. Basically, then this is when I get really good. The usher and Eli are like arguing and I'm just in the corner embarrassed there's fighting yeah yeah, but she's like just go, sit in the front right. Nobody won't will notice I'm like all right. Let's just [ __ ] go so we go up. First of all, who's on the right side, whose parents were on the right side on facing us yeah from my audience. That would be my be my parents yeah yeah yeah, so they walk us up to the front [ __ ] row and then there's like four. Maybe six feet seats available, but people put their stuff on it and the only two seats available were right next to your parents. So they bring us up to the front row and sit us next to your parents and your parents turn to us like who the [ __ ] are these and I was just bro. I could I was dying, I was dying, I I wanted fire in your shoes, I'd be dying too, but I had already. You should have turned to Jack's. Mom had been like [ __, ], guys, okay, pure wonderful moment, yeah yeah. Well. Thank you very much. You guys right. It was just so funny to hear because we hadn't no clue at all I'm really happy to hear that, because I figured you had seen us coming through there and been like those [ __ ] are not only late they're, not dressed right, they're interrupting our ceremony. You know if they're much you could have done in that situation other than like hide behind a bush. That's what I was doing. Oh off to the side like I yeah. Was there like watching through a bush and like I sure you don't want to sit right with the string quartet kind of nudged in that a little alcove? That's what it was. You knock out the band and then you'll occur. Not smart, I wouldn't really smart. It man-style see I'm hoping the videographer got some of this, so that I can I can relive it. Yeah there was one in particular that we kind of had to even like crawl under I'm sure it's there. Oh, my god, that's well! Oh yeah! It was an absolute blur. The entire day, like the ceremony, was super short cocktail hour. We were there for about five minutes and then the band was there for four hours, but if really felt, like I heard about thirty minutes of music, that because I was just such the day was over so quickly and because a lot of it is that the photographers keep pulling us, they kept pulling us aside more pictures by the beach pictures about the sunset. You know: let's get the the groom's, you know, we'd really have groomsmen, but let's get the groomsmen for this and bah blah blah and so that it's allows a big part of it. Like you know, in dinner we sit down to dinner. Okay, can you get up? Gotta go the Sun setting, so we got to get that golden that magic, our shot of the two of you guys and I'm glad they didn't like. When we get the photographs, I'll be very happy. They did all that, but like the it was I think it was a perfect I, say I think because, like I think it was, it was just so overwhelming in the best way possible. But for us the experience was just so fast, especially the actual reception, the the reception part of dinner and the band, and everything was over so quickly and then all of a sudden boom. It's the after-party interest and it's in the wee hours in the morning we're in the after-party segment already and that's what cats that's what kept scrolling through my head, like so it's already and Erin throughout the day, Erin kept saying to me, like I, can't believe it's already over, not that it's here, it's already over yeah. So that's kind of sad but like because you plan your base like a wedding, as you guys know, is your planning just the biggest worry yeah for a year, you're planning the biggest party of your lives. That's all the wedding is it's just, and there goes a month and a half of planning, I I, believe it's just that! That's what they don't tell you, that's what they don't tell you about weddings. That is just it's over so quickly, so I'm dying to get all the we're. Both we just want to relive through photographs in through videos yeah like God. We for the next week, all we did was just sit in bed looking at other people's Instagram stories. Uh-Huh and you know just because we just we were like. Oh that happened. Apparently someone was juggling candles and we didn't know that we didn't see because they kept pulling us or like it was just. It was so much of that damn, but were you ever like dude just leave me alone just know because I it I, never I can't say I was ever annoyed because for me it was just kind of like alright. Here we go because I knew it would be worth it in the end like I want these. These. These memories captured on some kind of yeah, definitely format, because I'm not clearly I, don't remember, half of what happened. I remember quarter of what happened. Yeah and I need like evidence. I need hard physical evidence right. You haven't said all that stuff up yourself anyway, so like. If you were to say no, you would have just been saying: -, no right right, -, my hate for like to do this right, sir. I obligated contractually to be here. [ __ ] off you wrote me a note that said. If you tell me to [ __ ] off that I insist, I wish I were that smart to plan an extra charge right right. Well, it was great. There was such an alike. Eclectic group of people like I was hanging out with idubbbz and the fine brothers in New York one but yeah, there's a whole youtube table with nine brothers were just- and you know what I probably shouldn't say this, but which was the guy we're hanging out with always getting mixed up was robbing Iran okay, but people need to know this about him. He had a cigarette with us yeah, you didn't, you didn't think you and I is a similar, but we have peer pressured him. I was like pretty heavily Ian made the cigarette right yeah. It was crazy. What I did actually he? First of all, that's not! He I was shocked by how no fight I was like yo. Do you want a cigarette almost like as a joke like smoke the cigarette, and he was like, like by the time I finished, was like Barbara? Oh man. Well, I mean like you're, not a smoker, but every time I'm around you're, like you're speaking with all right yeah. Now you got a dog in here and I'm, trying to make a dog I'm sorry I mean I've been making you smell cigarette. You don't want to get. Can dogs get second conducts get a coffee you want to find out. I was just gonna, say: yeah hard science, yeah I'll be right back: okay, a quick errand um! Well yeah! It was great fun yeah time just talking with everyone, I mean it's, it's the one time besides a funeral that you'll have everyone that you love in your life in one room together, and so it was just I spoke to just about everyone. I wanted to just about the funeral. Funeral is any day now. I keep drinking like this anything gonna be a band. By the way. The day was incredible: - it was like perfect Santa, Barbara yeah, like ooh. We got so lucky. Two days later, when we were like walking out or checking out, it was crazy, cloudy and like if we like any later, we scheduled that wedding. It would have gone to [ __ ] we got so it was. It was just the perfect day. Yeah like months ago, I months ago, Aaron was checking the weather and you can't predict the weather in a month in advance, but it was saying stuff, like you know, possibility of rain possibility of rain, and she was like it better. Not I cannot ya cannot and it didn't of course. Of course it did not even a cloud really, no, not at all, not at all it's just it was really blessed I it was. It was idyllic. You paid the shadow masters to see the sky with a cloud clearing. Well that wasn't me that was a wedding coordinator, yeah. Well, okay, let's get some. Let's get some margaritas in here. Yeah. Are we turning up here today? Sure I've got a ton of [ __ ] to get to first on. My list is Kanye Twitter, there's a lot to sift Guerra following a little bit. Hello I mean like I, don't follow him on Twitter, but I followed the conversing. One of the great questions before we get into this is: is this a performance piece? Is he just stirring controversy to promote his new album or not even that, but just to stir controversy in a way one of his most controversial things among his peers? Was that he's endorsing Trump right even further he's shit-talking Obama, he said: Obama was prison for eight years and things didn't get better in Chicago, for example, he said that so one thing that I've wondered and I've seen a lot of people speculating is like is this you know? Does he really believe this right? We do not I, don't I, don't want to speak for the group by okay. We don't I, don't take salt on my room. Can you lick it off? Thank you guys, Wow, really Cheers. Let's continue this wedding, so Kanye's new, album, I'm, just saying Chicago hasn't gotten better. So hey have you been following it Eric um yeah I mean like I, feel like it's like clockwork. The guys got an album coming out, so Ryan he's gonna get his name out there, but is it genuine though I mean it's not say it's not genuine. Maybe it's something he's been like hmm thinking and being like. Oh this be a good way to like he's being genuine about it, but he knows the effect it'll have on giving him sure he's aware of Lily yeah I, don't I mean I, don't know, I, don't know if this, if it's because of the upcoming album, because I think I do think he believes these things. I really do I, don't think it's to sensationalize his upcoming album I. Think it's just he's he's known for saying: brash things he's been doing it for the better part of a decade. Now I, don't I, don't think it's I may be a little bit of it is related, but he doesn't have to heat like his album will sell whether or not he says crazy, dumb things, although he's kind of been under the radar now he's like in the cultural mind like everywhere, but it could also be a result of him creatively getting out there again. Like the act of making music and getting out there are this kind of new thoughts and stuff I don't know, and he feels more encouraged to just share, say his thoughts. Now there he has an album. That's an interesting perspective, yeah well, regardless, whatever he's done, he's never been like almost I, don't want to say alienated, but he's never been ostracized by his own community before yes, this is it's like kind of a first yeah cuz. So anyway, a lot of people may not. Let's, let's go through the history of the Kanye tweets. He actually had had his Twitter deactivated until April 13th over a year of blackout Twitter, but so all of a sudden he just woke up one day. It was like. Let's [ __ ] go oh well, that might be part of it. Then yeah I mean that has to be part of it. Yeah, like I, didn't realize for a whole year. Nothing deactivated, not only not only nothing but deactivated I I didn't know they could do that to a figure such as Kanye and then he well. He did it. They didn't. Oh the way you the way you said it made it sound like heat like he was [ __ ], this guy right, okay, like like Jack himself or whatever a Twitter, not a fan of Jack, of easy jack, Jack hates him yeah like shot him dead right, yeah, not cause of anything he's dead he's just my graduation was his best. You guys feel like Twitter does things where they like censor like people of political persuasions and people, there's a spirit. A lot of conspiracy theories about yeah Twitter, shutting down people I would love to see that meeting of the minds at Twitter headquarters were like it's very sinister there in, like a dimly lit room they're like alright, who do we press yeah, cuz I, shut down, uh Joss Whedon for a bit right like oh, he said some interesting well. I do well he's on the left side right, cuz, I, always hear from conservatives, so that kind of counters there right Syria it does. It does so I'm, not sure how they. Maybe there are some key words like like kill or like I, don't know there have. There has to be some algorithmic things going on there behind the scenes, but I don't know how they really choose cuz it is. It is kind of right, but it happens on both sides. They really didn't yeah that that kind of nullifies. That argument, but I've, seen a lot of like no. No, what you're talking about yeah, it's almost always based on like harassment and [ __ ] like most definitely um like somebody getting their things, shut down. It's usually because they were just they say in a day: [ __ ]. How do I still have a Twitter? No, but you're playful and fun. My tweets, the Ted Cruz, are like a paper bag full of jizz and like nothing, you gotta step up to death threats. That's how you get bad! You should make a video walking died in our intro. That would be such a good video if you're challenging yourself to get back yeah Twitter like me getting banned from all kinds of things right, um like there's something awful for which call box getting banned from there right. You just reply to anything low-tech says: if you alright yeah something Awful's Jesus yeah, we love a pop, would love to see you making some death threats to take those right. Let's, let's kick it up a notch by anyway Kanye. So he comes out. Are you comes out? April 18th, he says, can I move this over and like? Is this helpful to me no I just kind of want to keep looking at that logo? It's just it's not there click the wink, damn booth is my goal. Controversy is my Jim. Is that almost contradictory in a way okay hold on? Let me analyze this alright I rather digest truth is my goal. Controversy is my Jim and songs that, if truth is our goal, why would you need? Well, that's really dumb yeah. If controversy is what's makes you strong, yeah I mean controversy is almost at odds with truth. In a way you shouldn't be controversial. True, you should be controversial for controversy. Yeah fake, like that stuff being caught like that's like being edgy for edgy sake. That's dumb! Don't do that like what he's trying to imply that the truth is always controversial and I mean that it's not though yeah it's not sometimes the truth is just boring next time. My girlfriend tells me I need to go to the gym. I'm gonna do a couple reps of controversy. Also, your girlfriend tells you to go to the gym. That's my everyday yeah! She doesn't like my blood pressure. That's Erin currently has a girlfriend, although every time completely shows up somewhere he's like oh she's busy, he broke her leg, she's a job in Canada, yeah, nice yeah. It's fine I'll, do a hundred reps to kind of about anime body. Pillow, you [, __ ], just it's cool to be honest, yeah well, I have that too they're called waifu's. Thank you. What I knew I was like is that how you pronounce that I've always gone way? Fuu? Oh! Maybe it is no! We need to fine, you make it serious. I thought it was white. Oh that's! When you step it up, you know the way Phil I'm Way out of my element here. Let us know in the comments what you call your anime body rips. So anyway, this was his first tweet I. Think that kind of set you up with the expertise. You know that's the tone by the way, god help us he's planning on running for president in 2024 hold on easy, though I feel like that's part of what he loves about Trump, oh, ok, mind whatever mind you did what he loves about Trump. Is that he's like just a guy, no different or better than me, maybe even worse than me, I'm, more famous I'm, more controversial. If he can be President. So can I they're both incredibly narcissistic rise, the the common thread. I see you think yeah I mean it's not like I. Think I could [ __ ] on both of those guys just by how I feel about them. But it's pretty tough to argue that they're, not narcissists, yeah I, agree yeah, yeah, yeah yeah. They thrive on it, but I mean [ __ ]. The thing is so maybe that's what the dragon energy is talking, dragons, just [, __ ] love themselves. His presidential strategy is kind of interesting because he's courting conservatives with his Trump love in a big way. I've seen like responses of like you see, black people do get it. Some black people do get it and like he, it's gonna be a crazy one. Dude, let's run Kayne I, want to see that, let's just embrace the circus, that's careful what you wish for I wanted Trump to win. For that reason, and now look what this is even more insane. This is even more of a circus. I can yeah, but in this in this post, Trump world we live in I can see it happening if it gets at the point. Really we get like all out like boxing matches instead of [ __ ] debates right. So it's just idiocracy yeah, it's just a live-action idiocracy I mean it pretty. Much is as much of an equal amount of information that you'll get from a boxing boxing match as a modern-day presidential election like yeah, he looks good yeah, although for him I like the way he there, you know dachshund right, yeah, I kind of wish he would run against Trump, though I don't know why he's got to wait for 24. Can you imagine, though, I mean he just? Might let's just keep encouraging him yeah, let's make it happen. Let's make it happen. Why wait for 24 yeah man up dude maybe's got a shot at the midterms? It comes just the Senate. You think oh I can't imagine Kanye showing up to the Senate and help him craft some legislation. He would not show up. He like all the other ones his bills would t be prior are for the chloride to be perfect. It all be bill. Isn't perfect, I gotta update my bill. We voted on it. No it's not done so uh, there's some when [ __ ] gets dicey, starts getting it. Okay lay it on it. You don't have to agree with Trump, but the mob can't make me not love him. We are both dragging energy. He is my brother, I love. Everyone I, don't agree with everything. Anyone does that's what makes us individuals. We have the right to independent thought. That's a perfectly fine statement. Yeah the last sentence is yeah. We have the right to independent thought. Absolute [, __, ], lutely right I can get behind that, but a dragon energy I would love phrase. I need that defined. I need that used in the sense beyond we are both Dragon Knight exist. That's all it is it's the new tire love it's the new winning it's a new tiger blood. It's the most shy girl that I'm not so ten years ago, really less than that. Charlie Sheen had just like a number of interviews, or maybe was just one famous infamous interview. Where he's just he, he had a couple of memes come out of this interview. One was winning you know. Uh winning and I was like the big thing that everyone repeated ad nauseam. Like my wife, it was like that it was the new [ __ ] for a basically you know it got old and memed death and then the other was tiger blood like he has this like one or a couple of interviews where he just says really outlandish: [, __ ] and another one was like we're, both warlocks from like he's talking about someone seeing someone else, both warlocks from Mars I'm paraphrasing but like they like he just weirdly poetic, though at the same time weirdly poetic, but also narcissistic. You know coming it all comes back to this weird narcissism, and so one of the things that came from this interview was he's running on Tiger blood, like he references that okay and it's just one like what the [ __ ]. Does that mean so dragon energy is like this decades tiger blood, how your blood makes more sense to me than dragon energy. It's like what what just enters like a meter that fills that, like tiger blood, makes more sense to me if you like, I've got blood it's extra charge, but dragon energy is like yeah. Is that something that larger to gauge can an evil warlock steal that a little? But if you're like a little? Oh definitely, you I think that happen in infinity war that you will warlock creatures. You will kneel before yeah defne wars. Oh thank you for that. Yeah all the [ __ ]. Let me cut to the chase here. Oh notches, watching and just donated it better, be huge. I know: cheers Cheers notch notch I love you! You cheered us up. He snuck in one of my twitch broadcast over a month or two ago, and and did the same thing. It was super nice. He sent me on a wild goose chase for the best salsa in the game. Newman's own salsa yeah, that's the best one and he can find a better one and I went to like literally five different grocery store, trying to find Newman's. Own I couldn't find it eventually. I did I have to say not all I love, I love! You and I appreciate you. It was a little it tasted, a little tomato paste II, which I donation so I, don't know. I mean I grew up in California and I mean yeah yeah I, don't know that Newman I, don't know that new ones got it, but I I recommended one to you notch that I hope you'll enjoy Costco's got this unbelievable comes in a 2 pack, it's spicy, I'm, sorry Costco, Costco bro! Well, it's not Costco brand. Some sweet, ok, ok, I'm sure some sweet, Mexican lady in her basement is just like right. What the giant wooden spoon or something it's so good! There's no newman involved, there's no old white and involved in this process. It's that good! Just an old! It has to be what the giant wooden spoon, yeah yeah looking for a man yeah take her out on a night. If only there was someone right, just one night to Reese Park that love, but it's like anyway, guys I, don't know the name of it. But if you check Twitter, I tweeted it to him, let's get anyway. Christ no I mean let me just uh. Let me get to the really juicy snotch and sauces and they have my dad rock band, not chin tonight. So, by the way he goes into on all these, like political rants, talking about how he loves Trump's, and then he drops this one now here we go I'm nice at ping-pong. That was my favorite three I like that one's nice, because nice is such a funny ajik I'm right it is you never described yourself as nice at anything right, but I actually miss is that thing I actually really like that sweet I'm gonna say like this is a great I disagree with virtually everything else. This man says, but I really like that a lot I'm nice at ping pong, but it requires like I, have to like that is such a great tweet right below it. I'm nice at ding, dong, I, think it I think it was because it had a penis yeah. That's that's the best big ass, just balls, yeah, there's, no one that wife that float to the top yeah. Why is that? Why Twitter and it is Twitter- so it probably Henry- says I like that. A lot I'm not like I'm nice at ping-pong like I, can hold my own I got a mean curve. I gotta mean slice, you know I know there's something so wholesome about not using like a traditional adjective just drop it under nice. It's like so sweet I, don't believe I, don't believe he's good at ping pong you how much you think Kanye sits around practices, ping pong well I. Have you seen his house? He probably has like Rose on Rose upon ping pong tables like he pays someone to lose against him, but he's no I, don't believe that I think he is actually nice at ping pong. This is how I'd like to take him up. I'm pretty nice at ping. Pong I would love to take him up on that I played my dad may be good at ping. Pong growing up, I could I got all my own, but I'll say having following up on these very divisive tweets. That's that's a hell of a way to yeah to bring it back down, that's quite a curve, but it gets when it gets worse. It gets worse. He takes. He takes a picture with the make America great again hat right right, it's signed by Donald Trump. This was great, I have to show this. What was that the Dilbert photos yeah the Dilbert photo because I'm not a fan of that guy, but hey whatever? Oh so so so the Trump gives him a call-out, Thank, You, Kanye, very cool. It's an exposure condescending like very cool Oh little guy, yeah I didn't see him saying those words. It's like talking to a kid very cool, very cool, but but of course, we also have to process the whole he's, not retweeting Connie's, not retweeting, Trump, [, __, ], no he's taking a and it's not dream job he's taking a picture of his phone screen. So there's a second [ __ ] phone yeah, okay, well point out that it goes deeper than that, because it's actually a picture on Instagram of the tweet best way to get that screenshot out Kanye from from yeah from media TKD, I'm I, don't even know what that? Okay, oh that's, hilarious, Kanye! God bless ya. There are too many layers he's not. You should retweet that ice well, I need to take a screenshot, I'll post it on myspace, and they did it printed on a shirt yeah put that photo on register. That's just all I had to share that one. But then this is when it gets really really really dicey. Is he recently did a it's funny? How much how much [ __ ] got dragged over this like chance, the rapper tweeted out. Simply black people don't have to be Democrats, trying to defend Kanye right and then the next day he issued this like epic apology of like how he got it so wrong and he's so sorry like chance did yeah, that's sure they did well. There's a story internet. This story heats up fast, okay, first of all, he says: Obama was in office eight years and nothing happened in Chicago change. That was that was. That was really heavy, but this is when it got really [ __ ], weird it was when he went on TMZ seen this. Oh yes, I, don't think people necessarily I stand what happened last week with the great American make America great again hat. What are you I know? Well, it was really just my subconscious: it was a feeling. I had you know, like people were taught how to think we're taught how to feel. We don't know how? Oh that thing for ourselves. We don't know how to feel for some people say feel free, but they don't really want us to feel free and I felt a freedom and, first of all, just doing something that everybody tells you not to do I before we get to the problematic stuff. It does have a point here. Right and I. Do we'll see what he was trying to do? Yeah like it is something good in a way no I agree just how like I agree like people, don't know how to think anymore. You always looking for someone to tell you what to think about something and then you're repeating it and like the what is a like I, I, agree, thought and more and I think what he's doing of like as a Democrat or or I. Guess black people are expected to dislike Trump, that's like part of the culture, I guess within their community and so he's like well. Well, let me think about it for myself and come to a collision for myself. I agree in liberal circles, you're just expected to hate Trump and a lot of people like it's one thing to come to a conclusion and hate him. But it's another thing to just be like oh I hate him. Cuz I saw it on the TV mmm right right like and it's fine. It's fine to hate him, but, like you need to have reasons for that, like that I'm totally, for that, like yeah independent thought is, encourages it's it's smart, but we all know what's happening here, but then- and this is when in free thought goes wrong. My boy, he like you know it's like so many rappers. You look at a video, Snoop Dogg, that's kind of a bad supporting evidence by the way is this like he's a meme and rap. So why should I hate him yeah with any getting the office and I didn't love him like Trump? Is one of raps favorite he's immune rights? Not only we talked about that before he was elected president people in hip-hop big it was. It was an in thing to put Donald Trump in your rhyme somewhere and by the way, and that's not endorsing his politics. It's just not I think he's a meme yeah bad, supporting evidence right so hold on what what what is county is saying here before like is he saying people would always like mention Trump in yeah. You know lyrics even before he was president just because he was such a character. Yeah yeah, like region, feel like I hated him before he was elected, actually elected I, - man, I thought I, [, __, ] hate that show I, never watched it like Trump. Really, he might be a good president. I thought the apprentice student that [ __ ] was annoying. Did you watch shelf ever ye fault, he's right not to as hard as I could but, like you know, but you drew mates you didn't drive on the roommates right yeah, just like man, I hate, this [ __, ] old, stupid, face of it's not right! I can't stand him yeah such a blowhard. This face here that be well. He actually doesn't look too bad there. He looks, he looks you know, dare I, say presidential mmm, there I stare longer than them. Yeah yeah, sorting that [ __ ] things but I'm, not just in hip-hop I'm, a black person, a black communicating but I'm, not just I, feel like one thing is people try to minimize me to artists hip-hop black community yeah, I'm, always gonna represent that, but I also represent the world. You hear about slavery for 400 years for 400 years. That's not like a choice: whoops, okay, Yankee doodles, he's like I mean right. You were doing fine dude up until I mean you're, making some good points. And then you didn't I wonder if he premeditated that or that just popped out I think it I think it popped out. I think it popped out, because I think he's very I think he's very um stream of conscience, um kind of stirred the moment like I, don't think he I don't think anything was premeditated about this at all. I think it just happened and he just kind of ran with it. Everybody came to work and Connie I was just there like, oh [, __ ]. Here we go, I got a new album right. You know like it's like we're: we're mentally in prison. I like the word prison, because slavery goes don't to to direct to the idea of blacks. It's like 100 percent, 100 percent Avery is blacks, so prison is he's slowly swallowing what he just right: blacks and whites being a one rate yeah. Do you feel that I'm feeling do do you feel that I'm being free and I think it's this ugh I actually escaped I, don't think you're thinking anything I love this guy! This guy give him another job and the reason why I feel like that is because Kanye you're entitled to your opinion, you're entitled to believe whatever you want, but there fact and real-world real-life consequence behind everything that you just said. While you are making music and being an artist and living the life that you've earned by being a genius, the rest of us in society have to deal with these threats to our lives. We have to deal with. The marginalization has come from the 400 years of slavery that you said, but our people was a choice. Frankly, I'm disappointed, I'm, appalled and brother I am unbelievably hurt by the fact that you have morphed into something to me. That's not real. That's crazy! That guy came up with that. That was I was beautiful. On Ellis I was hopped out from a room in the back of head, but the insinuation that slavery in America was a choice is pretty, doesn't make it's pretty [ __ ] real any [, __ ] sense I mean like we were talking about it before what Dan's, like the slaves, always tried. There was revolt they just like they're like cool you want a right will, kill your family yeah Lilly, rape, your child. It took a [ __, ], Civil, War, yeah yeah. We took a lot to thin that [ __ ] yeah, not exactly a choice literally almost tore the country apart, no well hey, Kanye he's got a new album coming out is what is so exciting. What's I wonder if it's gonna be good, yeah I was I was disappointed by that too, because you know what did you hear the woopty doopty doopty, I just heard I've just read headlines. Actually, I was gonna, be good. It's gonna be this next verse, yeah, listen up yeah! Well, anyway, look at us. We've been talking about his ass for like a [, __ ] hour. I know I, know well, I mean hey, it worked. That's it right! That's exactly right! It worked that's if that was his endgame. You know, I, don't think that tricked into it either I think we knew exactly what we were doing by talking about it, yeah. No. No. He didn't but I'm still, not we're. Not. That he's saying the [ __ ] to promote his album I, don't think that's it. I really think this is what he danced. Pretty junior I think it's genuine, which is like kind of kind of sad, but I mean well it's that either way that I know when, when there's no winning scenario, I don't think that he actually thinks that I think you don't think I think he like said it, and now he's like trying to commit to it right, so that he's not, he doesn't have to apologize. Okay, nobody ever wants to apologize right right, yeah, so now, but anyway, now this is a great little twist since Howell and the Snoop Dogg's cousin daz dillinger puts out a gang hit on Kanye, forcing him to increase security and file a restraining order doggy. It's not that serious. No, no, not as oh [ __ ] a snoops cousin yeah. This guy looks this guy looks stable man, that's what it look like. He looks like Beetlejuice from bog he's gonna put no looking at the threat. It looks like a [ __ ] [, __, ] I'm, just trying to think so. He's I'm, still kind of like hung up on the fact that he snoops cousin now is this now snoops responsibility I have to wraps talked to his cousin and be like hey, maybe not [, __ ]. Do that so or woman thing or like? Is it like his eighth cousin removed or there's cousin like yeah right, and you moved, you guys look into the relation and what was not responsible that noop talk about dads and his songs before I forget which Oh Daz is. You know never mind that has been named dropped. Well, then snoop should definitely not dogs call yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Snip calls everyone cousin like, but definitely no that's not what it is. [Laughter], O'neil, cousin to a degree you gotta, get your cousin Kanye. There goes that theory. That's fine! All right! Yeah! How about Bill Cosby, raping a bunch of people that [ __ ] gonna die in prison. Wait Bill, Cosby! Don't what guilty guilty guilty? America's dad? Yes, man! That's got to be one of the most like one of the greatest betray of all time. Abso-Fucking-Lutely like there's a--there's a hard turn. No one. Like God before Hannibal's like that now, let's take it back. When did this really like? Who was the whistleblower here? Was it Hannibal during that set? He made it like what it is now right, I think so you talked about it like everyone knew, but no one knew before yeah I never before there was a lot of accusers before right, but there was no social media. It happened like decades ago, where that's a lot more like hey, this dude raped us right and then Hannibal did his set. Like only a couple years ago, I'm gonna set went viral on ya, video Twitter, video YouTube, video, bla bla. Okay, wonder if Hannibal like like how he processed that afterwards yeah like he disassociated with being there so hey, can you guys look up with Hannibal ever made a comment about that? Now, that's a really good! Yeah crazy! Like you, you killed Bill Cosby, dude yeah. You killed the man. How damn I love I mean he might deserve it yeah. He definitely did it well. He'd know he didn't, kill the guy. He just said a [ __ ] word and then yeah yeah I'm sure you set some cogs in motion at the Barry Lea right. No, like a lot of I. Think I raised a ton of eyebrows like I'm. Sorry, what like mine, included, I I mean like not that I ever knew much about Bill Cosby to begin with, I, never watched the the Bill Cosby or the Cosby. Oh growing up I predates yeah exactly yeah. You know, we know what right you can't not even in Israel same thing: yeah, you know international star, but apparently well. They tried him once and it was a hung jury. There was one person who wouldn't convict him right and the second time I guess there was one young black eye. This jury was telling a story and she kept looking at him like trying to connect with him because they they thought that he might, he might say, not guilty. And apparently the story is that the one thing that turned him was there's a recording of a deposition from like a decade ago in relation to some accusation and what she admitted on record to to giving some of his dates: quaaludes right and then having sex with them. Yeah I. Remember that and I guess. That's the one thing that what the guy was like. You know the thing that he did a couple: women to sleep, gosh I, wonder if we ever sprinkled some date-rape in like jello yeah, did he ever get a truly arch with it like? Did he go full villain good? What do you think about the fact that his wife's been married to him for like 50 years, then stands by his side? Yeah? No! But there's like no way she didn't know right. Well, she recently I think she's in the news now, because she recently said this is mob justice like hey or two ago, well, 47, rape, victims, I, think, does count as a mob. That's right, yeah, yeah! Well, three of them are I think you only got no guilt because it was a statute of limitations. Yeah I think the rest of them have to share that that feeling of justice, but you know what you know. What makes me think for sure. It's real and there's always like anything with Michael Jackson is everyone's always like, and did he actually touch those kids or not? I have no doubt with Bill Cosby like even when you saw those women there relief after the verdict came. I saw a bit clips of them like such relief and like oh so much like feeling that look of vindication like there's no way you could put that on I, say yeah I, say and also he admitted to doing it. Haha Moltres bad yeah. It's I may have given them a couple: benadryl yeah man, what am I doing with this accent I'm working on it all you're prepared by putting in the rape couple of putting the chains. Oh man, it's very close, it's very, very close God, which one do I shoot. I'm doing it yonder bras be I'm, not gonna. Very young I was anyway that's good. Just man yeah he's so [, __, ] old dog I, feel like he plays that old dog. He does I feel like he plays it up to get sympathy. He doesn't like nodding. Him know the old he's like how old is he no he's like 80, something right he's on the low side of 80 I bet he that's great in the last couple years, though, hold on the thing is like 8080 I've met a lot of eight-year-olds who you can have it together. Eight yeah yeah yeah. She was written by the way. How weird was it that the news were watch? They were live streaming him driving away the whole time. Did you see that drove bro? Well, no I liked the car that he was in. It was like a right, Bronco chase yeah, wait. What I didn't see that no after the court whole thing when he was guilty yeah and he left it was in a car and they were just driving away and all the news were just streaming. Him drive helicopter in live, so it was. It was oj all over again driving home. It's like they're waiting for him to do something. That's kind of weird kind of sensationalizing yeah I mean like he's already guilty, like it's already like stops and picks up a woman, one more pudding, [ __ ] for the road but like how they I don't know right, like yeah. Look at like Harvey. Why see? Who was married to this fact? This I'm, like you, knew that he was was drunk judge on Project Runway, hmm god, damn boy, god there's just a power thing: they love it. The women they love it I just saw begets another Netflix special that'd be kind of cool, though the prison yeah yeah, yeah, Cosby's Netflix that everyone's getting Netflix specials. You know that would probably be the highest-rated [ __ ], oh dude, he's got it together, he's playing it up, didn't work that slot candidate before being like, hey, hey, hey, come on! Oh yeah! That's you know me me I think that maybe he was losing his [ __ ], mind right. Why would he want that's, not the move, but not the move, not at all [ __ ], Fat Albert! Apparently he after the verdict came in he stood up. You guys probably heard anything. The prosecutor was like: let's send him to prison, now, mmm, no bail, cuz, he's rich and he's a flee threat and he's a helicopter. He doesn't have a plane. You [ __, ], yeah, right yeah, that's what he set up in court and screamed. He doesn't have a plane. You [ __ ], thick of him. He said I'm said right, right, right, right know about the prosecutor. He got up in scream right now guilty big no-no. So he's like at this. When he's got nothing more to lose, you know. Can you imagine like forget about what he's done? Just imagine that the pit of sorrow and despair, his life has become from being like the most iconic American right, yeah, one of them or just being [, __, ], worthless, it'd be worse than that not being worth right being a most villainous person in in recent memory, from going from going from America's dad to America's monster honestly yeah, that's he's not like not like worse than worthless, because at least when you were worthless, you're forgotten about it, is anything I've forgotten right he's in the public. You know consciousness because of what he's done. What was his life before? It all came to light I, wonder who it was every day like fearing that, because if, if you know you did that, what Lincoln's in decades in death no way, he probably thought he beat it yeah yeah abso-fucking-lutely every night beforehand, yeah, because all they gave myself a quail in hell and three or four decades like. If you felt bad about what you did, you would have stopped after maybe one decade he had not really right, not for now and the woman that actually got to prosecute him, because there's a statute of limitation I, don't know what it is, but a lot of the old cases, weren't able to press charges with the one that was able to was from like 15 years ago or something like that's what he was actually raping at the age of 65 yep. That's pretty good! A [ __ ] girlfriend what it's got a wife yeah, but you can get really that wasn't. Jesus Christ she's like look bill, likey you're, rich you're old I, mean Trump, was banging porn stars. It's 60! Something like right. True, going the wrong road lately, allegedly true. True that story isn't cracking me. The [ __ ] up like I love. How incompetent is a man and everyone out there listening who supports Trump. You just got to admit that this is a is an unbelievable trainwreck house, but, like it's like me, the way that they've been handling the story is just unmanageable. Trainwreck first I don't know who she is I never paid her any money. Then then, okay, he yeah. He paid her, but I never paid it back right and then Rudy [, __, ], Giuliani right comes on Fox and Friends is like Trump paid and back yeah. So he didn't break any finance reform and then this morning, Trump's like he's wrong, I, never paid him. Well good. Is he sticking to that bed, at least at least, if not Pat, Kelly, saying well, I did pay him back. I used the condom. You're like at least he's like. Finally like sticking to his guns. Is that wrong? How do they not get the story straight on the highest level possible? Get your [ __ ] stories straight yeah Giuliani. Do you think that they were on the same page when Giuliani came on the show and was like he paid? He paid him back. He knows that plot real hard, I know. What's the plot anymore, yeah I, don't understand what they're cuz like I mean I I, don't give a [ __ ]. If he's cheating on his wife, I assumed yeah doesn't really bother. My and it doesn't surprise anyone either like no, it's just that how miserably organized and how bad of Liars they are yeah more than what they named yeah. It's like dude. You got to do better than this right. How did you run the country if this is the rest of my please drink me? This? Is politics yeah, exactly Chicago? Yes, Chicago is a total. You gotta trick me we're also not voting for you vibe, that's the secret yeah I got it straight. Guys should be good at tricking us you guys hungry. Yet what if I get too long away? Are you serious? This is a production team that I love. They read my [ __ ], mind I, am so envious of what you guys like the it's Wonder, its Bunder bar I got an uber helicopter for you guys, it's like when it came. I got a cosplay. You got the helicopter bosses like 20k, demolish the parking lot, I uh I owed the building. Another 25 been on the books for a while I. Don't know regrets, though, here so Russia made headlines recently, they're. Actually a lot of people. Think of Russia, as like Oh kind of like back a little backwards like second world right, but they've actually developed the first Jerome delivered mail system. That is completely revolutionising the way that mail is done in Russia. So they're really ahead of the game on that, and here here's actually the maiden flight of the first delivery drone. Here we go [Music] such a great idea: I love this music really thousand. So that is when you put Walt acts in your drag. Your right goes right, that's a fun! Everything's changing! Did you guys hear I, don't know if you follow this about like loot boxes and video games like it's well, it became illegal in in Belgium and um more than one covers another, your Netherlands, the Netherlands maids. Maybe you say, what's the chance of actually getting [ __ ] good, because that's Elena yo China, yes, another ones, I think also just outright is banning them. This is gambling for kids yeah. It's [, __ ] up so [ __ ]. That really is it really absolutely is? Well, what's the stipulation to make it gambling like if you can sell the stuff that you get in your boxes, I think it's more about the probability of cuz I'm too much of an old man to like, like I know, people sell knives and stuff and counter-strike right, yeah right in skins and like I, have a actual market value right. Yeah, yeah, overwatch, there's no resale market you're not allowed to sell items, but it's just the kind of like well. First of all, they don't even tell you. What are the odd wait? Is there a whole Vegas, you get the odds, I'm very old. Is this overwatch I have a loot, loot boxes and really great system? Yes, okay yeah, so the distinguishing factor is to that you can you can't buy it outright, you can only get it through the loop box. They lose my okay, okay, okay, yeah! That's a motivating thanks! God, I really hate that this is such a prevalent thing in in video games. Cuz, it's not fun! It's not it! It's worse than gambling! It's like a maybe maybe scenario right like I, don't and but it's become. It has become the game. It's not a factor in the game, it's the game itself and that's like what the [ __ ]. What happened to like beating level one like I, I hate it right, I and I. Just avoid any and all yeah games that have that as a selling point. Yes, they had better-looking skins, but, like every time, I see somebody with skin on their gun or something like that. It looks [ __, ], stupid, well, Pub. He has stands out right like a not a good way. Whoo. It's [, __, ], purple, Hello Kitty gun yeah yeah, but it appeals, if no, no, it's not for you, but it appeals to a certain type of person. Within a dick can personality. Yeah I was like OCD collector and logged a Lana collect everything they want to feel immersed in the game. I guess it's like the new version of fairy. Those are those rare game like it, like think, think, banjo kazooie and, like all those like collectathon games, platforming games from like 20 years ago, when you had to not just beat the game, but you had to collect every coin. Every feather every gem and all those I think this is just the new form of platforming right if I'm gonna be really [, __, ] geeky about it. It's like it's like introducing shopping. Oh yeah, you buy clothes that you don't need right right like like that. What would you rather games be free, cuz, there's like well there's like a free to play. Yeah, that's like supported by the iodine by getting by than getting Luba stuff. I, don't know it's it's complicated, I! Think no I would rather pay $50 for a good, full yeah. The way it has worked for decades, like that's what I want like I, don't want to pay like yeah, my friend, it's fine! If you can buy it like, and you know you might just pay for something, but like I, don't I, don't like the gambling aspect, because you don't know what you're gonna get yeah. That part is really fading and you can literally gamble with those things on a website where it like rolls right, yeah, that's what those kids got in trouble for. Yes, yes, go [ __, ], yeah yeah, they had a [ __ ] that was literally gambling for children, because you could sell that [ __ ], that's crap, um I! Think that just simply putting the odds go is is goes a long way agreed when you see when you actually see your your probability and it's like the equivalent of getting stricken by lightning right. Oh wow gonna disclose that, like in counter-strike I swear to god, you buy a [, __ ] crate you get like who, god knows what what the probability is. You drop three bucks and you've got like one in a thousand right. You know, what's going on there? Oh yeah, all right! Well, god bless yeah, we're going in the right direction, banning or at least more more MORE, yeah more or that please, more transparency do I've been playing God of War and like what a fun [ __ ] game, because it's self-contained yeah I, don't pay for like another extra tunic or shield or the Hello Kitty gauntlet really great, though that would be great I just know that Santa Monica studio is if you're listening. We would love them more m16 game boy get my machine by the way that game is sick. It's really good love, it I grew up on the ps2 and ps3 got Awards, and this is so it's very different. The new one is extremely different. Really I haven't played the on any of the price they're worth it like I, don't I think they have a collection for the ps4 I'm, not sure like I, don't I don't want to get too technical, but they're worth checking out just cuz there there's good hacking, slashers mmm, it's really it's just [ __ ] fun, and this game is very different from that, but it's still fun mm-hmm. This clip, oh by the way, I wanted to say this Chris from one list, one life we had these guys on our cast. Oh, yes, the guys got a [ __ ]. He got a Mac, you got it man, unbelievable yeah, I, don't know if it was a result from the from day driving or if it was just like a matter of time thing. You know, I actually promised them on a hand job in $5,000, but they they're anonymous. Well, not for long they're. There I welcome it. I mean on a non-person out. They make me a promise. Give me a boyhood mechanism by the way. Okay, this spoilers, if you guys, have you guys all Cena infinity war, yes, yeah. Oh so just a brief sanera did you see it yeah? She saw it we're gonna. If you have not seen it on, please skip skip this live, which I do. Let me just say. First of all, it's not stuff! You really gonna show me at it's not that bad. It's just hilarious! Someone in the chest, the Arrested Development. Once someone in the chair is saying that they did match with someone else, what does that mean with the with the bone marrow? What do you know they did the they did the swab. It did this swab and they said I didn't match with him, but I did match with someone know what and we'll be doing that in two months: holy [, __ ], oh my god, yeah dude, that's insane pretty crazy! Wow yeah yeah someone right now they have that one's life here, yeah, that's right! Man, that's squiggles, deduct squiggles the duck. God bless! You nice bragging, yeah! Here's the deal! I'm gonna, make you write for me. You can have me any way. You want hey two squiggles, this dial or saving a literal human squiggles, the DA cool, very cool I mean really that's. That's a beautiful thing. Really happy wait. What I thought it was I thought we drop it in hope: they're not dropping hard spoilers. Are we because I know I won against uh? No, no! Okay! Here it is here. It is. First of all, did you guys know it's the highest-grossing film of all time my buddy yeah I bet it's all its way to be it's also the longest. Oh, it's only. No, it had embroidery, [, __, ] hours, all ghosts, I think it broke a record ready. I think the record was the fastest to a billion. Yes, yes, and as of Monday evening, it hits 725 million. That's it Wow, don't keep [ __ ] going I am in the movie, like I, saw it on Friday, Thursday or Friday, and I still can't stop thinking about it like, and this is the first time a [ __ ] Marvel movie. Did this company I downloaded a cam of it? Just so, I could watch a couple scenes that were stuck with my service provider is Comcast IP address once you ate something. Well anyway, there was a clip from of Mark Ruffalo, the guy who plays Hulk. A year ago, oh I did see Ruffalo, it's ruff, ruff Allah forget about a fake fan. It's it's a bit of a spoiler, so don't click don't watch for the next? No, you meant like know what it is so [, __, ] precious I have to watch it with you guys. No, no I, don't know this one um. This is from a year ago. Nobody took it seriously because it seems like they're doing a bit, but when you watch it now you realize, can you turn it up dan there's something funky with the sound things. Just a quiet. Video people are like counting looking at her watch that and come back right when he drops the bomb. No are you? Is it up, yeah, give it a shot? No I can't come and say no I, wouldn't say too much, but you can say as much as me. Hey. Let me just say this: like every other Marvel movie, it doesn't end well for the superheroes. Oh [, __ ] he's talking about Don Cheadle, so not down. We know what cuz it looks bad on him too. He's like I doesn't want you so - I'm. So sorry, I talked to write over that. It seems like they're doing a bit what it does. Oh, my god, what is wrong with him like how how the [ __ ] no, but nobody took this serious, no bail, now I can't you know it's funny, I'm, really trying hard to remove myself from the knowledge of the movie and trying to make that it's like the optical illusion, I'm trying to see the old lady when I know that there's a young lady I'm trying to see the old one in the photograph I'm trying to figure out the bit- and it does seem like a very genuine yet like yeah, because they do that joke ishe something wrong. Can we edit this out the curb enthusiasm, music, she's right, he's right all I'm thinking of right now is I mean like a he's right and be the genuine dudeism. So mr. Cheadle is impossible to miss so good, so I can't I'm sure I can't get into sketch mode. Yet you know this ability I went to see the [ __ ] movie, it's one of my favorite things ever I want to see it again. That's true and marvel. It doesn't end that well, somebody always buy so it gets really badly. Wait till you see this next one everybody to do what is wrong: Don, Cheadle, wonderful actor, he's not that good! No, that's a genuine like like! Oh stop! Stop stop! Stop! Stop! It's like it's like when everyone does that, what's uh, what's spider-man Tom, Hall and Tom Holland! Is that his name then at the venom? No? No! No! No that's Tom Hall is like well the young spider-man in this franchise, Tom Holland. His is infamous for revealing spoilers and stuff in interviews, and so usually it's like Benedict Cumberbatch, who does it who has to Don Cheadle's role and says like or a lemon hard, not just not to spoil a movie? Oh my yeah, well yeah you'd. Think right can I say if I have a funny anecdote forever spoiling a movie is known as Shaunie in my family, my brother's name is Shawn and he has the best spoiling story of all time. I he's seen he's here by the way he's in the chat: hey my brother Shawn, so the sixth sense, which is like the most horrible film of fun right so he's seen it I'm going to see it with him once and he goes. There's one scene we're all in a swing, the kids on a swing and he turns to me he goes. You noticed that the kid doesn't have a shadow or something stupid. Okay, I understand exactly everything now and I and by the way the worst part was that he did have a shadow. I wasn't like a movie like it was, but then so I get super angry. Then we go back home. My dad hasn't seen it yet. I'm super excited and I'm and he's like how was the movie and I'm like Shawn, ruined the [ __ ] movie for me midway through and he goes I didn't even tell you that he was dead at the end. I didn't even tell you that he's dead and then my dad was like you. Oh that's some shining right, that's Shawn, Inge the best show I love it. They happen. Well, they sure get your brother to do like apks for the next infinity. Why not like show him the movie beforehand, interview him on all the late shows right, but I guess. The point is that some people- just I, don't know they can't put a lid on it. I think he I think his justification is he's actually genuinely excited about this movie and he's like dude. You should see so this is like okay. This was posted on July of last year. You thought see the next one. You should see. I think he's just genuinely excited I think especially Tom Holland, like the spider-man, is so excited about these movies, like he they're so I was looking about good actors or fans of the Mahr, the moral or they almost don't realize. What he's saying it's almost being like a hyperbolic, but it's actually, but it's actually spoiler territory. Yeah Bobby people do we lose off the stream by pulling this up, that's interesting question I feel like everyone's seen it you don't get a billion dollars for weeks. You know what I want to see it again. Well, I'll give it to you. You pick up a couple of things: okay, this I. Don't think this is a spoiler. This is just a cool Easter, Egg I read online and I was skeptical about this Easter Egg until I saw it the second time and it's [ __ ]. True, it's absolutely true. I love this! So the directors, the the Russo, the Russell brothers, the so Dave. You should I so these these brothers that directed, if any more, they also did Civil War and they also directed back in the day. They've directed a number of episodes on Arrested, Development, huh yeah. That's quite a repertoire, quite a reprimand, filling it to the biggest franchise in cinema, so they in in civil war. They snuck in during the big airport fight scene with every all the Avengers they're on the Torah, the we call the the term AK the tour magne mack tarmac, Jesus Christ, the tarmac in the distance, it's subtle, but you can clearly see the Bluth staircase mobile, the stick their car. In the background as like a little homage, it's from a restaurant. That is the show from yeah there. You know back in the day. So an infinity war these guys were able to sneak in and even better Arrested Development Easter Egg, that's off the [ __ ] charts- and this is not a spoiler I- really don't think it's a spoiler because it doesn't have anything to with the plot. Well, you can't top. We already ruined the mood well at some point. They end up on the collector's planets. You know, as you guys know, and like that's, not a spoiler and, of course, like the the we've already had an excuse to do the Howard, the Duck Easter Egg, which was like a big thing in one of the older movies. There's a split. It's literally like two seconds long, there's a shot of Gomorrah on the collector's planet. Behind her is a tube containing [ __ ] Tobias, the never-nude, that no ice. Are you freaking, clue, Dobby, seeing this yeah I know yeah he's blew it out like the because of because of the the Blue Man Group that whole are. My knees would heal himself when he, when he blow there's gotta, be a better way to say that and like and and it's there and I [ __ ]. It took me everything to not lose my [ __ ] in the theater, because, like you had like her, you saw right away well until I watched the illegal copy that I have in my are dress. How was that I? You know it was good quality I, don't endorse they're, not hurt, donate 5 bucks, it's not it's! Not an arthouse film I got a movie pass [ __ ] off exactly when I was in Israel I used to can vids cuz. It was kind of like the only choice. Sometimes but I could never [ __ ] watch cams I, just they're, always so. Shitty huh mmm I watched a Kim. The worst cam I ever did. Yeah was a cam of South Park, guys Broadway Book of Mormon yeah I watched a cam of you like a Mormon. That makes sense like I. Could watch ruin to play for me because it was so bad ruin the play all right, don't cam a Broadway! That's I'll say in this cam of infinity were that I have there is a [ __ ] dudes head, and you can hear the audience laughing at that Oaks s throughout the entire so like it came with the experience of video. Absolutely because you raised had that option got turned on like the audience. It's just something: [ __ ] head in front, even some [ __ ], putting his feet up on the scene, you being that [ __ ] guy baby, holding a phone yeah like honestly pouring out for that guy, like like having the stamina to do that for three hours. Well, back in the day they used to have to have camp are actual camcorders in the [ __ ] mini VHS. It was like a coat over it or some [ __ ], well, cuz I. Still that I wonder, there's got to be something he's probably got a monopod. Do you guys want to UM camp some videos for fun and just see what it feels I think we should go to infinity war, I'm nice? Why don't we see who gets the best? Kick that's what I was gonna? Well, put them all on eBay I'll call it the Ethan version, the Eric version, the Jackman, and then you guys can all vote afterwards, we'll see who has the most right and then whoever wins you can sponsor us to go rip off your next favorite film yeah well make a business out of it franchise. That's a win, win win in my book, guys on the way and the the trick is we do this all in Brazil ripped on Brazil like to our you know, it's sorry we made it. We made a video a couple years ago: yeah, the those like the worse. For some reason we just could editing I, don't even know how much that made it into the final thing, not a lot. He was like not a second cousin would spend. We spent like a bottle and a half of wine [ __ ] on Raziel do I need to pee yeah. There's beets outside I want to pour stiffer drink because, let's be honest, yeah this is come on. It's sugar, water, it's sugar was I, know, I've got the beginning of a buzz, but I want to make some mistakes here today, I got some I got some absolute just waiting to be drunk. That's like I wasn't gonna just spike in the punch a little bit even better. You know him YUM, so I'm just gonna run the bathroom guys we'll be right. Flipping back where's. This young thing coming from alright guys, don't frickin leave cuz I mean what the hell are. You doing you're already watching this on a Friday afternoon. I doubt you have anything better to do. Yeah just drink with us guys grab your peanut butter. You later just grab a drink movie. I won't be dropping spoilers for affinity wars throughout there's, no way to anticipate every $10 tier of donations get a new spoiler Superman [ __ ] dies dude, sorry, but he does get paid for it. Yeah. It's like my one of my favorites behind Batman and his movies in the past decade have sucked the hardest Superman movies. Ah Kevin Spacey was a pretty good lex luthor though in Superman he was wrong. He really was another me ya, member that [ __ ] you're, the man now right, yeah I thought you were just passionate, I didn't know you're doing impression. Oh no! No! That's a lot! No that and then it's funny. Nobody remembers that Superman movie. Nobody remembers that soup. That was the one that was my favorite. Isn't that funny the new ones are such dog [, __ ]? It makes me wanna. [ __ ] die an emo [ __ ] yeah, who [ __ ], cares it's magic if you guys tuned in we're, gonna be watching Man of Steel, followed by a rib. It was on FX earlier so I came that all right, we'll be right back goddamn it don't don't you go anywhere. We are back from our break. I had a couple slices had poured a drink and quaalude it our intern. It's been a fun time. Man to blur it's a bit of a blur man. I've got I've got some good stuff here, let's see yeah. What's your what you got Ethan? What do we got? Lay it on us. Let me fine boys club I, have a ton of [ __ ] here, but I want to pick out the la creme of the leigh crop. Is that another try not to cringe challenge god, I have that kind of is fantastic. If you want to do that, I mean I'm, set up I, don't wanna know your way. Your way there you go Oh, Noah, Abdul stalker on American Idol season said: oh, is this a [ __ ] real, it's kind of interesting cuz? It starts as a joke, but then you, the line is blurred between. Like is, should the sky be removed, or is he doing a gag enjoy it's very quiet den that shirts not doing him any favors, I'm gonna say that shirt needs to be a little bit longer but hand buttoned up more. Like I, don't know it looks like a toddler. I've got the level cranked here. Do you have any volume on I'm out I'm out of juice? That face is unbelievable, that low boy off the thumbnail right there, that is yeah most definitely pucker up buttercup this guy, just [, __, ] old, ladies to be killing, they don't say no, which apparently there's a market for so [ __ ]. Damn it all right. This is a bed, so right, there's a point where you're like. Oh, this is a bit yeah funny, but but not really at what point do you say? Oh, this isn't a bit anymore! That's funny [Music] Peter Falk! This is where I say he's getting too close, no I think it's a bit I! Think in the entire thing. I know it is, but I would not take any chances. It's a bit um. What's the comedian's name, Andy Kaufman ness is that his name yeah yeah, like the guy from Dan. Your voice is louder. No God God freezes me because that's the thing that Andy would oh, he would take the joke too far and then keep pushing it. I feel like this guy's kind of titling, his own right sure I like using what I'm strutting about is like you're, not drinking coca-cola right now. Why you lying to me about with those coke cups? Okay, sorry, certain! Oh! Well, though, it's a big sponsorship. They like they were synonymous. It was like peanut butter, jelly, American, Idol and coke. Like that's I, you know it's clearly water but, like you know, bothers me when you go to the movies recently, when you go see infinity Wars, for example, whatever you watch it, I can did it. They always do this [ __ ] by the way I wanted to do is I'm not gonna. Do that buzzing bit like do it, I was gonna spoil the whole movie at the joke. I was like you know how to Monica yeah chats already do, but they do they do this thing where they advertise coke right before the movie stars right and it bothers me because I cannot go buy a coke yeah yeah, why you do very creamy and frothy and, like it's, the cosmos, the copyright for the movie stars yeah, please be quiet all inside of like a beautiful coca. It's like what are you trying to real, like I can't go get a coke. Now you know what my jam used to be Cherry, Coke and movies like I. Couldn't it was something trigger, I could well. No nothing happened. It's just like I couldn't see a movie and not drink Cherry Coke, that's just like my movie drink, so it's very like still [ __ ] with it not so much anymore, but that's just like. Oh that's just my religion, but like no I [, __, ] love. Please don't laugh at that, but yeah, it's just um, it's very it's! It's very pavlo, nyan pavulon, e'en right! You know you just so it is very misleading. Do the coke [ __ ] 15 minutes prior to the movie? Let give me a chance yeah, like during the coming attractions before the trailers yeah eighteen trailers I see before the trailer you get enough. [ __ ], like like hey, drew coke, but right right before the movie starts. You've got like this incredible visual systemic air dropping into a coke and right all this shit's like dude. It's very app is easing me. It's very apathetic embarrassed I get angry about is every time you don't I yell, oh I, always sure I said I can't get a [ __ ] up now awaits the opportunity. You know that's when you leave and you ask her like: hey yo Dawg and you just like fill me in on the first like 10 minutes like like a video next to you, no spoilers, but a lot happens in the first 10 minutes of Infinity Ward. How much pressure is that I hate that when someone leaves and then you have to fill them in that's what happened? I always lie Aaron pulls that [ __ ] on me. Sometimes. But what can you say? It's always like he just [ __ ] went. He got a bar. He just met in saga, I! Think that's fine in Thor and star-lord, just [, __ ] kissed for like 3 minutes, uninterrupted one common men. It's that's what Thanos he uses his gauntlet for it just to make the dudes kiss. It's really do that we were shot lightning, the reality's nipples and called him his new boyfriend by the way either one of those three would would probably never touch a coke and their whole [ __ ] life I believe Randy would Randy's to be a big boy. He's on that kick now you still looking kind of big in this yeah. These are all vodka tonics well hold on. I will fight before the other two bakit yeah yeah can I joke about the text. You got. Okay, yeah cuz I was just gonna say: oh my when we were going for the break I. Well, let me read it watching. Criticism was not lost on us. I guess this is was when we went from talking about Kanye to talking about Cosby. He texted me too much about Blackman sounding racist. They just wanted to look out for me, make sure the pen too. So you know we didn't want to overstep our back in the news. What is it? It was literally big dude, but what I was thinkin was like. Oh man, we're talking about Randy's, going to die, see now right right, right, I! Think we get off the black a little bit of a steerage that he was trying to give us. He was worried that maybe there was a third get back to the whites. Yes well, ive got my Brazil jokes in my hip. Pocket well, I think maybe that's safer because they don't have the Internet. They have black people, though Oh shame on of them. Yes, stay in Brazil, oh yeah! Well, you know we were talking about [, __, ], downloading, Kansas stuff. You know I'm in in Cuba. They have this thing called the program which is these USB sticks because they don't have like sound, so Big Brother ass, it's just a USB stick filled with like every season of every TV, show right much of movies and like cam movies and just know a guy, like you, like hook me up with the mailing this month's program, yeah for like 30-something box, that's sick, weird yeah I mean not weird. That's an interesting idea. What you do for your buddy when he lives out in the middle of nowhere. Yeah yeah the program yeah. Let me get you the program man, but that's like all of Cuba. That's a good place to pirate I'm surprised security. Let him approach the desk yeah! It's all they had to be in on the bit, though the judges, because they wouldn't do that they would not let a person absolutely not absolutely not. So it's all a bit you just you just debunk this I'm, sorry I just told you Santa's, not real. The emperor has no clothes, but that's that's. What's happier sin right, there's why they would not. Let me get like that. [ __, ] clothes, yeah yeah, my my stocky. If I were the stalker, they might have a gun trained on them. They don't have to get tall but Eric. It was a simpler time guys here. Any second now try not to cringe. Oh hell, yeah. What's this? Oh god, what another black guy very cringing, all your dad! It's well anyway! It's not about Kendrick is about a white guy. That comes why just become like a race war like air time. Black and white people go, but it's about the sort of fan gets on stage and like [, __ ] it up and he's white I've seen this by the way you got some, he say you want to go. Bro he's got a great laugh, yeah, I love, Kendrick, he's like my favorite artist, yeah in a long time, hmm God, just throwing that up be serious, don't go sneak challenging! You can't be okay. Okay, then come up here. He said it's not really a challenge. He said you just want to write. Come on through it's very nice of him. Yeah I can do they let anyone else like to let's own on stage. Sometimes this works out really. Actually it works out well when they're in on it. Okay, when they know that the guy is like. Why are you ruining this? No! No! This is probably legit I'm. Sorry, what's up, no, no, no I'm not buying what you're saying no I'm not buying about, went okay, no, wait! A minute! Wait! A minute! Michael Buble had a very big viral video from years ago, where, like some kid came, onstage and he's like alright and then, of course, the kid kills it and has like the voice of a name. Do you think that's perhaps the [ __ ] lady's Michael Buble who's, a Buble boy, who's Buble? Why you're clearly not a 39 year old? You know box with the Buble come with that name he's like mr. Christmas dude boo-boo Michael Buble has like okay, you know like he's. First off he's, I don't know hit singles like home. He looks like a boob. Let me go that's a bad example. He also sounds like I. Just haven't met you yet, like that's Buble. He also does like all these Christmas albums, then kind of like the old Sinatra big band vibe, but he's like kind of like he brings it back for like a modern age. Hmm he's just like a he's. He's a big singer, he's a bit of a Buble he's a bit of a Buble. If I add, is there an accent over the e in Buble, or is it just the same? I I think there is I think there honestly is an accident, but I could be very fun drunk, otherwise it's bubble boom, ooh blob, not as good the accents confirmed. Hey. Thank you. Thank you. That's what that's why that's why we got here well, I had any rate yeah. It takes a lot of balls. First of all to accept that challenge. Absolutely they are really good. Yeah yeah are not in on it. Whatever you [Laughter], damn you're, getting on stage with Kendrick bro, you better be good by year as Fox. It's all you Kendrick didn't hand you the mic good. Give me a beat. Don't give me a beat. Give me a peak ice like he owns the band. Tell you, though, I ain't gonna go okay! Let me just see what you got cuz. You only never know us. This is the people I'm good at night, which case I beat the beat okay. Give me something good. He said, need a beat. That's how we go. Stop talking. Give me some very good. No, no! No okay! You feelin fine! In the tough guys. You can start it out over death. I can see the end of the videos coming up real, quick. It's your cue buddy, this shit's taken years off of my life, Kendricks love in there. It's gonna shoot like it is vo man. How is he not physically cringing he's loving it he's like y'all, shout out to everyone who says I suck right now. No one's saying that ya know one thing that no one saved me yeah, kick him off! That's how you say: oh man he's looking for help he's looking for lights out his [ __ ] all right! Thank you. This massive bodyguards like get the [ __ ] right. They probably because that's out there accident and now it's the last time, Kendrick ever let anyone on his stash ever goddamn. When you got a set of precedent, I guess: yeah yeah, that's that's the paint. He looks amazing by person, though, like that was kind of brilliant. In a way it's like maybe they're, not saying he sucks with you like. Damn he's amazing yeah, oh so they like so here's what they do. They [ __ ] pay, someone and oh yeah. It's real to be bad. Jax. Polluter receipt closet. Yes, what was that pit bulls thing? Thank you! Oh my god. We need to read to a pit bull, lyrics. Okay, let me pull up. Well, that's just something that when you love you every time, [ __, ] yeah. Do you guys want to see a good one by the way, a great one, the ace? What are you guys? [ __, ] tiny? What is this know? What it is is a theater yeah, really where's the audience if I said the a/c babies tiny. What do you think about gives me everything? Is big yeah give me everything. Give me what like the this song by pitbull. Are you familiar with that one I I think not working yeah, yeah, Oh, better yet know the time squared take a picture of me with a Kobach. He just rhymed code up with Kodak, damn right, cuz he's pitbull. He does what he [ __ ] line, I! Guess! Well now, where's my bounce I can't ever do my mouth. It he's K where's, my [ __, ], mouth I'm, panicking I need control. What we're criticizing it we're talking about it, which is uploaded by the artist himself Jordan Alexandra, isn't that [ __ ] dough food, 73 million I kind of want the imagery, though yeah I want to the mere video? No I. Don't nobody likes the lyric video? Nobody do the songs fire. What do you know about good music, yeah, yeah yeah, the official link bro, the lyrics are so fired. They need a [, __ ]. Okay, me me not working hard, Yeah right picture that with the Kodak [, __, ], yeah and then and better yet go time visit and take a picture of me with the Kodak. That's that doesn't that mr. pitbull, with all due respect, giant fan love you work not a rhyme. That's a real go visit, Times Square and find pitbull to take a pic I'm waiting and Times Square took my life from negative deposit I thought. I thought that'd be like a fun like, usually when people do that they set up for a pun like took my life from a negative to a positive and then like something like you know. Photographic development expects you to know that, but and there's no there's no say you know just so you know you did that you did that. Thank you like what? What like something about, Photoshop imagery, no and like it, never [, __ ] happens. Look at this run. Yeah night I will love you tonight. [Laughter] [Music] way hopes oh yeah, it's my [ __ ]! That's right! This is my favorite pit, bull snot. By the way sexy [ __ ] had the fire pit bull. Did everything I think you just hate Jude great pit bulls, okay, here's what I want to do! I'm gonna go pit bull and I'm gonna sort by viewcount. Let's see was his most mrs. Jennifer Lopez one point: two Billy Jesus Christ favors number two Syrena reign over me. That sounds like the name of a gay porn was that for the 9/11 movie with Adam Sandler, oh right, bringing over me with Don Cheadle yeah yeah, yeah, yeah 9/11 movie right there was there, no I know exactly were talking about yeah. There was called rain over man, Christ, don't worry, stoneware I'm shaving, you know, but they're too late, you're, making a weird joke. No! No! This is I the movie, okay, yeah really I, don't say in their best work since the cobbler, the 17 very 911 H. To me, this just wait. Hang on I need to pump the lyrics to this, always always mr. worldwide. Oh, my god. Dude have some respect for the people that that perished on that day, mr. worldwide. Mr., oh yes, like I, don't think there's any connotation with the the the classic Don Cheadle Adam Sandler movie right over me, but that'd be really analyze. It was the plot of that Milligan claim well, I, never stopped. I followed his wife and I just saw posters. I just will say anymore, yeah yeah, they do know they still do he's got a look. [Music] aah aah I know Julian's the new million yeah apparently get on what they did. I do not know the song really. This is really managed to one of his top head. I parted. Everyone really bro how you gonna, [ __ ] write a brand deal into your first line that just shows Skyy Vodka. Oh my I said volleys. The new vodka wait well, I know: I saw the vodka is that in the actual lyricism boley's, a new vibe of my whole life. Oh, my god wrote that into the first line. Oh my god, smart guy, bro volleys, the new vodka never have I ever had a single drop of volley. I've. Never ever seen it in the store, never heard it so you're, nothing! Eleven! Okay! So still enough for nada I've, always liked dippin dots, the supposed ice cream of the future. That has not yet been the ice cream of the future. Yet house only your's like how does it freeze their thoughts because yeah cuz they're, like they're ice cream, like moleculus into little I, say: I, love, dippin, dots, yeah, but like overpriced? Well, obviously, but where do you hold on that's why I failed? Where do you? Where do you buy dippin dots? Well, the only that you can get it the theme parks. That's right! No! That's right! Yeah they're, like yeah, it's 30 bucks for a [, __ ]. Fine I want to dip in the stew, be the ice cream in the future, but I got a tip, but it's not. It has been billed I, don't ice cream with a future for the dot man. Personally he's back there I sent you a good bendrix Lamar fan video. Can you watch that? It's not ok. Are we over this I? Don't think we can top volleys a vodka timber? No, that's that's really great that billions, the more days the new 30 and baby -. No, it's not sorry! Oh yeah, all he's doing is singing like Rachael Ray yeah talk, show titles, I'm, freaky, baby I'm gonna make sure that your peach feels peachy baby, no [ __, ] broads I, like when women sexy, classy sassy powerful. Yes, they love me to get the middle nasty ow. This ain't, a game you'll see Dale Mooney, uh-oh the whole Spanish. Sorry guys just let forties in there anyway. Never apologize, Bodhi, wait, bodis the new vodka. What what does that mean? I? Think that's a typo! That's got to be a [ __, ] typo, which is a crime in the next verse. That's right! Yeah a new brand deal, it's a call from vote. What the [ __ ] is this? That's so sad enough: a pitbull okay! So my new Twitter bio is Foley's new vodka yeah. Out of my mind, you sent me something: eula yeah man. This shows off the rails at this point, but the problem is your heart: I mean what I love about the podcast is like. Once you get past two hours, anyone who's still watching all bets are off. The writers. Are the company, any people guess they're at work and work is boring. That's true and we're here drinking sometimes I feel the pressure like. Oh man, oh, this is good, but it's like at two hours. Are you better we're making new problem? We're not damaging any lives better, creating problems right, Eli there better, not be a black person in this video. It's not dad stop. Did he text you yeah I'm, not gonna, donate. No, oh I wanted some bits from your dad. Okay, this doesn't look fake, but I mean I, don't know, I, don't know she. She looks like she's gonna do a great job. It could be a plan. I'm not gonna lie it's. It's kind of she's really put together nope. What if she doesn't date, exact same rap that that last dude it's like it's the same way, [Music] I, don't know you are, do you think Kendrick would lie. I, look he's too real right now, yeah, but you gotta put butts in those seats. You know I'm Sam, so anything ourselves concert ticket. This is okay by the way. If you're a fan, this isn't that hard? It's not that remarkable! That guy failed so bad. He was doing his own [ __ ], like what way like here's. A song. I wrote guys I get enough of this on the sunny this [ __ ] concert. That's why I need that beat yeah well she's, just she's singing the classic that can get down with that backup vocals! Oh, my god, [Applause] she's, a fringe yeah I like seeing the house. Even if they watch it I, don't think it's not there's actually a better one. That I thought this was it I? Don't think it's fake that one's? Definitely not fake they're, all not fake I! Think it's [, __ ], fake dude! Everyone in the front row knows the lines I want to get like a baby, I sure. If I ever do like a concert and I get my music career going, I want to get a baby out of the audience and have it come up and perform hey. Do you know the lines yeah? Okay, these little babies, I? Guess what neck or something stick a mic up to it and the baby kills it. Thank you, big man. This was real. This baby, tossed it into the crowd. That's easy! Five million views God all right. Let's move it on! You guys want more cringe hell yeah later, please Judge Judy this! This is just. This is short and sweet. This is powerful. All right hold on. Well, I! Don't want to spoil it because I haven't feared. Are you gonna say it's fake, yeah cuz I'll walk down? Oh no! No! No! Quite the opposite! Is this the one where he [ __ ], admits to no yelling, okay, okay, okay, both of yours is that in your home or condo apartment that was in the basement on my trailer, no I'm just kidding. Oh, it was my home damn that oh man, tough, crowd, huh ooh, that's a toughie! Not even the cricket thing save this, but not even him, cracked, a smile, not even he yeah I, think he might have admitted this yeah your plate, yeah I mean this is probably maybe the the most bomb any joke ever delivered in the history of man basement on my trailer no I'm just kidding. Oh, is my home. Oh, that delivery is crazy. Now L know the whole website. If this is an Andy Kaufman task performance of this guy's, the real genius right right, but something tells me it might not be. What have you look at this deadpan delivery? It is very, very deadpan, believe I have to watch this again yeah. He looks like he took like eight minim quaaludes beta-blockers before coming in here. The calmest dude in the world. Wait. What is it beta, blocker? It's like a performance enhancement, drug for people who do like we're gonna do I mean I. Think it's meant for like blood pressure, there's a go heart, medicine, some sort, but what it does is it calms you down when you're gonna go perform in front of a crowd? If you get like anxiety really have you ever tried that I have taken it for a job interview once? Did it work? It worked. I guess I mean there might be a bit of it. You get the job. I did yeah. That I was very calm for it to beta-blocker yeah. Can we get some beta boy like ask anyone if you know anybody does like um like a piano, audition or like they're, getting into like Juilliard or something like that, and they have to go up in front of these people. Gonna be [, __, ], so nervous. You take a little beta blocker and what's the block, what's a beta, if it I think it blocks your fight-or-flight response to be more just like in the middle, like you, don't yeah, you know feeling like your body's, like [ __ ], trying to cringe its way out of the situation, and you don't buck up because you're nervous and you OD on that [ __ ]. Definitely I would imagine you get the OD on anything. This is what happens. Is your point? This guy od'd on beta-blockers yeah got a little new fasting with the judge no fighter flight in this man left god that was in the basement. On my trailer nice high, no I'm just kidding Oh is my home, someone in the back loved Ireland on the wrong foot. Mr. Russell I'm going to assume that you who had wanted to get off on that so we're gonna start again: okay, okay, he looks like the dude from Silicon Valley. Yes, definitely got. Definitely it Robbie down G jr., full interview. Stop Jr I, didn't say that my favorite Avenger reading. But now what we have is is a lot of good material for fan, art checking your subreddit out. Okay, there was a lot of reports reporting every one hour and hour. Three I don't want to pry. So you don't talk about it, that's fine! But what you said to the New York Times once was. It was about it was after your incarceration, and you said you can't go from a two thousand dollar. No else Margaret this guy interviewing him gets in trouble all the time for, like out of setting up these miss for that you're supposed to be talking about my [ __ ] movie. Tell me about your father. Did you so right and it's like whoa so anyway, he's on the same crack news team as you recognize this class act? That's the lady who did know now for interview of Jordan Peterson Oh in her face they're on the same crack team man they've got to get some better wait what floor I'm I'm! Well, it's the Jordan Peterson interview. This lady did an interview of Jordan Peterson to promote his books, but she came like with all these real I mean it was really viral. She knew extremists. She was just out to get him in short, okay, super rude. Well, super accusatory, I mean not a good interview and her handle was great. But what's the what's the saying like something over something's the together two birds of a feather birds of a feather something of a Samba bird, something of a feather with feathers at channel 4 and yeah. That dude has as an interview with Samuel Jackson and oh, no, maybe just with Tarantino but I. Think with Samuel Jackson too, where he talks to Quinn Tarantino he's like, but do you think your movies need to be violent? Don't you think you're encouraging violence, Tarantino who's always looked. He looks like he's always on like a [, __, ] yeah, it's like I, don't care! You see, yeah terrible, Tarantino, yeah Cosby as they're in theater like to do it I love, seeing temperature. That's a good interview. Tarantino. Just like he's like I. Don't care pull that up uh in Dan I want to watch that this is great a lot of drugs and probably know if it was him but I. Remember someone accusing him of of making violent content and he slam dunk dunk yeah. So this guy from an episode of cops, probably the most tragic failure of all time to explain one's behavior is a wonderful train wreck that gets worse with every passing soften I love it already prostitution activity in these hotels. What's up buddy, hey, good everything, okay, yeah! Oh! What's your name, sir Faisal? Okay, what are you doing here, sir? Nothing much I'm, just looking for my friend? What's your friend's name, my friend name is Bryce. Is he staying at the hotel here? No, he can't be meet someone over here, so I'm just here to pick up my wallet because I forgot my wallet in his car, you don't have any ID on you. I do step out. Okay, bring your hammer on your back and where's Raj yeah, he told me, was gonna come back okay! What's in the bag, it was on your lap whoa right into it, where the plastic bag that fell off your lap. No he's got a bag of meth. First, it falls off his lap and then I fell asleep and then woke up with that on your lap. Yes, is that maybe something that could help you fall asleep or no? No! No! No! Your pulse is through the roof. No I'm. Guessing you don't know just nervous. Is your ID in this uh wallet that you said your friend had I can see a driver's license. You can pull it up. Okay, and this is not yours, I, don't know what is this? It's almost like a classic like Abbott and Costello. It really is yeah it really. This is like a modern who's on first deal right, methamphetamine with driver's license was suspended in he's also got a warrant out of Nevada County. Have you used drugs before okay? Well, you're gonna go to court with the items that you were found in possession of huh your story's still a little scattered. Do you have anything else illegal on your socks, shoes? Anything like that? No! Okay I know you're high okay, I smoke, weed you're higher than you think. No, no! It's because when I woke up I seen the lights and stuff and I seen you guys, I got nervous. I had a monster. Drink I, don't know, took your head down a little bit. Okay, your tongues pasty-white about this guy's, the best, oh man. He wants to get out of this real bad yeah. Not that I blame him, but uh. Well, I! Wonder! If you look up kebab on like WebMD, it's like pasty, mouth basically white tongue, use your phone today, yeah I was you need to rush who Susan Susan. You have snow and weed baby and we can party a little like if I can Christopher guest's teen right here. This is wonderful, no baby 104 an hour Oh only a hundred for an hour. So it sounds like haggling on her price. Dude I'm, like that's all I gotta, say I mean I. Don't unless you want me to make up stuff, absolutely not writable! Oh my god detect! That's what sold it for me. The [ __ ] text messages. Do that. Can they just look through your phone I'm, pretty sure this guy incriminated himself so bad that police really had no [ __ ] reason question it buddy, even if you're some interesting, how did they record it for a show? Is that I'll do that skull baby? Is there a really good question? Is there something we're like if they sign a release there they're able to like get some sort of plea deal or, if he's just like that's the most, you really walk out. Let my ass out or no cuz on judge judy, when, when you know payment is, is decided on whatever the show pays, both parties right so like it's, not real court they're getting paid um like talent fees to be on it, I wonder: if cops is the same or it's like: hey man, I know you got busted with prostitute meth coke, your jog thousand bucks for the really yeah for you go sign. This release will get you out of prison a little forever and infamy on YouTube mine. Let's see, oh here's, the interview with Quentin I. Just looked it up on cops, it really is the people just sign release but yeah? How did they convince people to sign a release that seems like a like? Well, why would you want to put that on the internet if you're like a lowest moment in your life right, take that and apply it to [ __ ] To Catch, a Predator like hey, you want to say unless they walk past the sign outside that was like this premises, film right, but how do they? How did they get permission for catch? A predator I think there might be some some legal arrangement made where they're like. If you sign this, will something something they never believed her feather. How could it ever be worse? Maybe it's just like no rocket they're, a pedophile they're like barely humans. There are some of them that are not even illegal. Are you I'm it? No, not at all your honor he's a pedophile right he's, not even human watch. This episode of prime-time television right I do want to watch this. Let's see. Oh, it is the same guy [, __ ], this guy he's so smug -. He talks, like he's all sophisticated yeah. You could say English act like I'm just here to promote my movie [ __ ] right right and, of course it's. You know, Barbara Walters, the thing that's [, __ ] up the same thing happened in Jordan with channel 4. It's like you're going and talking about your book. That's the expectation you're not going in you're doing like 20 a day. There's no expectation that there's yes there and it's not the right place either come with like a serious conference with your gotcha quite mountains or not it's a short interview. Can't. How are you gonna ask a question, but I don't know your dad and the past and you don't know how they're gonna chop it up after the fact exactly I really can't even go into it. What made Quentin Tarantino lose his cool. The movie director went on a rant during an interview to promote his new me. Let me watch I, don't need to explain it when he didn't I I hate these clips. Well, the real videos on the side, but it's also a and a half minutes. Oh, that's fresh from channel 4 I think there might be a good clip I'd. It's also like a knife. Can I give a good life advice to anyone who's ever out, promoting something if Channel 4 News asked you for an interview say hell? No, yes, hell! No news is Krishnan guru-murthy, finally Guinness, but why are you so sure that there's no link between enjoying movie violence and enjoying real violence, I, don't I'm gonna, tell you why I'm so wired? Do not ask me a question like that: I'm, not gonna, not lighting, I refuse your question. Why? Because I refuse your question? Well, what's your premise that there's proof that there is a correlation like it's not as burden of proof to disprove? Also Tarantino's been dealing with questions like that for a long time, the other one right guys you're talking about where he's like cuz it's fun. Jan, like he's, he's a schmuck, oh, that one I need that one and she's like I need that one she's like. Why do you put so much violence in your movies? It cuz it's fun and I. Like it yeah great answer. Can you get yeah the one where he's yelling her name is Jan -, a good memory yeah it would a question. Could all that come from a job? I took a way to get you jacked in the morning. Jan I'm, not your slave and you're, not my master I'm gonna make me dance to your tune. I call that a monkey as I'm here to sell my movie. This is a commercial for the movie. Make no mistake, and you know where I stand on it, which is that there's no relationship? Yes, but you haven't said why you think there's no relationship, it's just say your damn business. What I think about that and I have explained it and I have explained even what you're talking about I'm, just not giving it to you, no nice, because I don't want to be like. Oh you suck yeah I, guess you're not deserving of it. You're, not some [, __, ] guy you're, just doing it for clickbait right and for attention right and for sensationalism. That's all that's all channel, for it does is apparently damn I didn't really channel. 4 was on oh shut. Er is eating the tripod yeah eat that [ __ ] eat. That tripod shudder explain this 20 years too much to kill myself over and over again, because you want me to for you and your show you're in your ratings guys. You want me to say it for you for your show. This show right here right now. Are you getting better as you go once back on to a question? Tino wanted to answer: Krishnan even got a smile, well, I think I'm still in the sweet spot, Wow I'm surprised he, oh here we got the other one. Yeah I'm surprised you entertained him after that I know. You know, I mean y'all just alright. This is a Greek letter. A fine vine interview, it's perfect shredder behaves ready is such a cutie pie shredder. That goes right for the nose yeah. Oh no I, don't know why. Oh I know why I would take this thing. We made a video edit of this a long time ago, but it's such a wonderful clip that it's only it's worth the watch, Martine I know I know not even over alright right ears and Oh. Tell us what we're about to hear it's a great fun. There's a free, strap, Oh figure, though it's like one step below comics and let me sit back, go ahead. Marshall, okay years ago they tried to years ago. They tried to put me in it. Come again because he's look, he wants a life raft. So bad! Oh, he goes uh. This is live! Oh yeah, it was really nice driving like to you know, do another take right. You should have taken a [, __ ] beta, blocker, good mood and nailed it. How do you get beta blockers, Oh doctors, you get it from a doctor, no I mean like you get it from like someone who has 'm who sells them. Ah, you know ah same way. You get the program okay same guy, but can you is a beta blocker, a prescription, drug I believe it is I, don't know exact, there's no over-the-counter version of it. I know so little I have never heard of this. Somehow. Is it a recreational drug? Well, it's cuz you're, not like a like a concert. Violinist. Like me, eh sure, like we are yeah like us, yeah of course right. The string boys is there a name for for the google yeah. Tell me more baby, just get it off. Amazon yeah, it does I, don't think beta blockers are are like the the name of the particular pill. That's what I'm curious. What's the name Dan, this is brutal. It's trying to answer the question. No just he's locked up, Who am I. Okay, okay, okay years ago they tried to put me in it. This is my buddy I love. This talk show you want to try to read something from your book. Yeah yeah, god bless ya. That's there's your life raft, dude yeah! Oh you got it. It's taken four blood pressure and it could also be used for anxiety. Okay, what's the name of the drug uh probe run old lol, I'm just I'm fell because I didn't know. This was a thing and you know lol, okay. They both have lol's and I'm interesting that that makes it sound way. More I want that more now, they're used they're prescribed off-label for anxiety. What does that mean? Well, like you know off you go if you're, if you're auditioning for a like a movie or a play or something it just keeps you from freaking out in front of every I, didn't know that that was it that that existed, yeah, I, guess I eat right, Lou up the dirty little secret of the the concerto business yeah. But you sorry when you took it, you didn't feel necessarily anything just that. No, you don't feel anything. You just feel like you know, there's there's no cuz I do get nervous like I. Remember we were gonna, do the live. Show I was like I'll [, __, ], I'm gonna I should take a beta blocker for the walk right. That I would that would be a good use of it, but then again I would probably get to loose-lipped and say some crazy too much get extra myself. You need some of those betas, don't block off. Yeah, don't walk off. I need something. My baby number yeah I need I need a good, healthy amount of betas right. There's a couple of things. Call me beta Erik. Did we actually [ __ ] made it through this list? That's crazy! What we never do that go us I! Think I'm gonna grab a beer. Anybody want one shredded! You have anything! You want to say: I'm! Okay, thank you! Man, look at this I'm saving it for tomorrow, see you want anything critter. Morally, some sugar he's thinking. Oh, what a good well-trained boy he's the face. So how long? How long have you had shredder now I'm trying to do the math here before for five months, hi I'm five months with this little angel boy and how old you do. We know his age, yeah I know his first ember. Fourth I know a boy, so he still is a puppy under one year or is it to you? Okay, I think it's one year when you're, okay, oh this little puffer playful, there's really not that much more, but here's a segment I want it to do. Cuz I I find that I make fun of social justice warriors a lot Channel. Yes, yes, you do a lot and I'm I'm, a liberal guy mm-hm and a lot of our fans complain like oh, why don't you make fun of conservatives more? Hmm, it's eat, but I mean my answer. That is well, first of all, everybody hates social justice or it's like the easiest thing ever to make mono it's the safest thing to make fun of, but I finally have a reason to make fun of conservatives bring it. So here, I am very happy to say you guys saw Michelle, Wolf's, White, House, Correspondents thing, yeah, yeah, brilliant I saw all these people all these conservatives, who these I'm so afraid of shredder dying. Did you find my chocolate, your own chocolate niblets? At that thing? That's cool right, I just got pockets full of it. They're filled with weed and beta blockers. The beta blocker chocolates Oh a little chance of death just wires, just you just plugged in wires. Why the wires? That's right! So uh this! Isn't this isn't really the time to try to make us to get like be coherent, yeah sure it is. This is the party, any mistakes, I think I know where he going I think I know where you're going well. It's not that it's not that it's not good! I'm! Sorry, okay! No! You know exactly where I'm going right, that the people who are like I'm so outraged. How could I went over the line got in on the TV talking about snowflakes and a an oh I'm free speech and you shouldn't and it's like [ __ ], you, you whiny Fox, look at this. You don't even need to see what she said and by the way it wasn't that bad I thought it was fun. Arius I thought it was there's some well constructed just as like. If you look at the construction of the jokes right, the I roasts are my favorite form of comedy sure. Obviously, I watched this and I was like yeah, that's [, __, ], great great good work and then I was like. Oh, this is gonna piss a lot of people off, but they do that every year. That's the whole point. That's the whole point right. A function of it is kind of an important one where you give a comedian that it's almost like the Joker of old, where they get to ask, take down the powers that be for all of us. They get to [ __ ] on the King for lack of better word and it's an important function of society. It's a really cool thing: yeah Trump's, a giant [ __, ], [, __ ] for not going there to Euro, but that's fine. It's a hostile environment. It's not like that! Playful! Whatever, but um like George Bush, sat there when Colbert roasted literally next to him. Yeah [, __, ], [, __ ] in his open mouth and George Bush was there he took it. He took it like it and you know what like a roast right. That's what you [ __ ], do for a roast by the way was off track was last Comedy, Central Roast I'm, like does anyone, know they're about to roast somebody yeah. They are, though it is yeah Brown that a good sign I, don't remember what it was: yeah, sorry, okay, so so yeah. So she also she did a good job of making fun of everyone by the way she [ __ ]. On liberals conservatives like obviously you're gonna, [, __ ] on the powers-that-be, they're the biggest targets, that's the whole [ __ ] point, so she she's really funny way she spread the women. Let me show you some clips of some whining little [ __ ] losers. Oh this! Isn't it at all the hell? Is this there's more cringe compilation what we do baby fox fox and friends like coddling, her like a little [ __ ] snowflake like these people, are such sorry I'm. So sorry, no excuse for that. I mean women. Shouldn't see what other women and I just wanted to get your reaction. Cuz I thought you handled it with grace and with class. Thank you look. I, think that the that evening says a whole lot more about her than it does about me. The people that were my friends before that evening or my friends today, what that, like as my friends it like any sense as if she was actually trying to ruin her life or something maybe they're. Still, my friends so I clearly came home ate her tea, who made her teeth because I want to have a word with them. First of all, you were a minute apology. I know she I gotta, say I'm. Sorry about that can I say, can I say something you may how the [ __ ]. Can you know I'll just say this: how are you expected as a comedian not to comment on that? Well, the thing that they, a lot of people said was she was making fun of her looks and if you watch the whole thing, not only doesn't she's making fun of her makeup barely but saying like she had a good smoky eye right or that's kind of what it came but is, but it wasn't like they really. That was never said. Okay they're acting like she was up there like this fat [ __ ] is [ __ ] evil and she gets hit by a car right. What good jokes funny joke, but that's what they were responding. Yeah! That's what they heard. Somehow, because they're acting like snow like I'm, saying her tiny right are a [ __ ]. Disgrace I think that's a camera trick. They need well she's, never actually open her eyes. I go that way like one light, John blasting into her mouth, bad lighting, yeah, not she's! Answering you right now that evening says a whole lot more about her a whole lot more about you that doesn't watch her at all. You have to focus on her teeth. I'm I know you're right, you're right, but you can't point that out because you know what people are. So you know why we're pointing out. You know why, because liberals are so sensitive, oh it's Fox in the right place, I mean I, don't have the best eel, it's like get it kill. It wait! A joke! Liberals! You know what I'm just I'm reveling in this, because I never get the chance and look at these whiny [ __ ] now yeah. It's very know. It is hypocritical. Isn't it it is extremely ya know: I write to revel in it. That was it. That was not a happy moment. Apart, no Keith look like an upside down graveyard, Wow, Oh, Oh, crib def. All right I could play some nice ping-pong against you win today, my friends before that evening, or my friends today and I'm, going to continue doing as if one of my friends was like goof, you got that's not a coherent like wait. No, it doesn't yeah like that, makes no sense the people I'm proud to say that the people who were my friends yesterday are still my friends just goof I'm, not talking about your friends. Dude I, don't mean the job that I came here to do every single day, I'm very proud of the fact that I work in this administration for this president and we're gonna keep pushing forward and doing everything we can to make America better and I. Think we've had a great first year and a half at doing that. A huge success story that we're proud of and I hope that she can find some of the same happiness that we all have, because I think she may need a little bit more of that in her life, because the rest of us here are doing great you're wrong. She made some joke I'm good I, don't I! Don't think I'm happy, no I hope she finds a happier life Inc they're, really unhappy. Dennis Miller's tweets this supposed o median well I used to be a fan of Dennis, Miller, sure sure sure, I love this football commentary really yeah. You could really tell he's a fan of sports I, keep forgetting that he that's the thing yeah he's like the is like the the sack of the Goths against the Black Sea yeah, and now it's a touchdown right. He said what a horrid human being Michelle wolf is I'm gonna read up on her over the next couple of days and I'll. Have a few brutally mean jokes about her by Wednesday? What I love did we miss out on his jokes? Well, here's the thing. I think I never hated the pro the burst bubbles and you guys's balloons, but what happened was I think immediately after this he went on Facebook and said you know what I'm actually not gonna, do it like yeah, he backpedaled [, __, ], hardcore and I. Don't know it's been like so like two so two days ago and Wednesday like all the come all the other comedians were tweeting out like it's Dennis Miller, don't they. It was like you're, actually really funny like pigs out of it like here we go guys, but it never happened and unfortunately, on the 29th I think later that very day or maybe there was a 30th, he actually backpedaled [ __ ] hardcore and said you know what he left it up and what's all he left me, he left this tweet up. He left that suite up that's kind of weird that he did that I feel like he did actually somewhere on one of his social media platforms. He backpedaled and said I'm not going to do the Wednesday thing, but not enough people saw that. So that's why we did it. He never tweeted it. It's like yo I got more likes on this tweet than I, haven't alone yeah yeah. He was like all right, yeah. First, she was never done I just as a comedian. Is that not the lamest [ __ ], ever I'm gonna take a couple days and study up on this? That's very very enough to come up with something on right now. Give me a couple days: I'll be I'll. Get you back on Wednesday such a [, __ ] cop out is such a cop-out, I loved for a guy- that's like you know, is witty or like as well-versed as this guy is. You think he'd come up with something but nope. Well, I'll. Tell you what Dennis on by Monday I'm gonna do some research yeah there you go by next Friday. Take the weekend take a weekend I next Friday I'm gonna come back with some. Also great wait: can you pull his Twitter back up? I? Would love to see I got that that profile picture again? How long ago was this [ __ ] picture of him days, Janis what the hell this is. This is really innate it in like 10 by 10 pixels. This is this is his headshot that got him hired on demon night back in 1995, nice forever. Sorry demon, note Karen it demon night demon night. Wait am I right about that was a demon. Lighter was a bordello of blood. What the [ __ ] is is a neo. He was in a Tales from the Crypt movie, oh really bordello. How do you even know fine, this low-res of a photo yeah? That's such an obscure reference. That's I know in our school. No, you know I killed it. Well, not all I mean yeah, not all Twitter avatars have the highest res I'm. Sure she's got sounded he's following six people: oh [, __ ]. Let's are you [ __, ], guys, damn it that's for fine I'll check? Well, that's it guys! That's all we got! Ah man did we learn man. This was like a journey today. This starts with the grandma [ __ ], oh yeah. All the way to here God was crazy. I feel like to me imagine that with a Kodak better. Yet imagine me in Times Square with a Kodak right now negative and positive. Keep going man- that's all I, just say tonight, just say tonight and sing-songy tones for about three minutes and got yourself a [ __ ] hit. We closed it before you like slime, but it also ended with tonight. Oh I, like that man I, want too I'll, come prepared with a good pit. Bull verse because whoo the people don't need to see the sausage being made. I'll just find the best one. You are a good game beat. Is you like? Is it a pitbull lyric or is it a blah blah blah like? Maybe you make up your own thing? Oh, like you have to genius like real pitbull ooh? Oh my god Eric, maybe there's like a like. Is it a pitbull lyric or is it like Shakespeare all right? That might be too easy. That's a tough there's! Not your attraction! Yeah like Michael Buble mm, no I really like people or did we just make this up on the spot. I think that's really [ __ ] funny! Oh there's so much write that down that'll. Have these guys put that together we can all play it again. Funny dude! That's a great idea: I love it I, love, yeah, nice, try, Jimmy Fallon, we took, we got them all right. Well, it's Friday right, yeah, I! Think it's Friday! Last week we did it like on a Monday and it [ __ ] my whole, like month up, oh I, can't imagine oh. This is like this is how you mark my week. These podcasts yeah your anchors, I'm stuck in a timeless void without this on Friday. This is this is hunting out all of the steam from the week before right, right, [Music] how'd. You find the chocolate shred he's. Not your boy here grid that lightning and [ __ ] blood. Someone has thanks for watching hope. You have a great, absolutely magic fantastic weekend. You guys got anything going on. You want the people to be after you, yeah I'm, just gonna, say: uh come Monday I'm, going to announce a new, not not just new March, a new line of my I've been teasing for the last like month and a half or so it's been I've been working on this since January, so I'm really really really really excited. It looks awesome. I'm wearing now, thank you very, very much yeah. This is just a tip of the iceberg. This is just part of it, but um Monday. It gets its own video. It's not. What is it tell me about it, cuz you, you had this whole story yeah. So it's it's called. It's called be a Klondike um and it's just based off like like don't be a fuck-boy, don't be savage, don't be just an awful human being be someone nice, like my dog Klondike, it was just a sweetheart like she's she's loyal. She is loving and she pees a little every time she sees me cuz. You know overjoyed she's, just a kind old soul, so I'm trying to encourage people to be less of like this whole [, __, ] boy, Savage culture. That's you know popular and like just just be kind like what happened to being like good and decent and kind so like be a Klondike, be a Klondike. That's what's coming up on a Monday, it looks really yeah. Thank you very much. That means a lot. You guys really came out great. The race is honestly, I have to say this is the this is the best merch I've ever come out with cuz like stitching I've, never had [ __ ] stitching before so. This is. Thank you. Yeah! That's in the crates back backstage I got some Obama made my frog gay shirts. For you guys I said you mean embroidery embroidery. Yes, yes, embroider is Adam. You got me there cool. What about you? Um man! It's been a while since I made a video, so look out for that guys. Just wait and I hit you with one of those. Soon, just you wait. Are you working on one yeah? Well, I got a little bit uh I'm, trying to make them a little more more high production value, something put in skits in Oh stuff, I want to film some stuff with you guys, right after the to wit, I got some really fun stuff that I'm working on nice is your next one, a let's go to class or a or the the other. It's lesson that's! It's gonna be how to avoid the the NSA or my how to avoid surveillance. Yeah eight I love it already I'm in I'm in tree yeah. There's a lot there's a lot going on in it. There's gonna be some blood. Some squibs going off. Yes, equip squibs everywhere away up baby, it's a fake, like gun hit. Have you guys ever seen those like like work? They're, crazy I worked on a show that had squibs and yeah. It's like a strip like they put a vest on you and there's like a strip. That's got [ __ ] gun powder in it. Wow that's connected to a detonator and they detonate these things on your chest, but they put like a like a metal protect. It's almost like being child. It can go wrong but like it can send like shrapnel into you if it does, if they put too much gum fat OH. So these, like any time you see someone shot less risky. Then then a real bullet yeah and you really don't get many takes with it either because you got a set. The whole [ __ ] thing up. Yeah got a redress, so your next video has tons of squibs going yeah and you can tell it's take four because it's our way, you squibbed for real I, know no I've, never actually squid, but I've been with I've, been present for squiding right and it's fun. It's fun to watch, but it's like nail-biting, because you're like better [, __ ], get it the first time around, or else everybody's not eating right or else we're not eating right yeah. These squibs are important. Squibs are important, or else I don't get to eat right, Gotti name, my memoir, so I'm looking forward to our week off, although it's not really a week off, because we got two videos, we have to finish and we have a video on Monday. We have to record so this weekend already feels like it's not a real vacation. Oh no, but we're gonna, disconnect alright you're gonna bit connect. Is that we're gonna do like a social media, detox, yeah yeah, that's so smart, it's gonna, say I envy! This thing sound like in concept like when you think of it in a very abstract way: you're like! Oh, why would that ever be necessary, and then you realize? Yes, it's like I catch myself, all the [ __ ] time. Yes, like it's awful like I'm, not even reading I'm, just the muscle mention of it. That's the game to me! Well, we mean either were talking earlier. Just we just realized now more than ever like how bad it's gotten for us yeah, and that it's actually like negatively impacting our life. It needs to go back to the way it was before, where it was just like this fun. Little gimmick that yeah right, that's not something that it was that over the longest time was yeah. It was when you first get Twitter like I, didn't have I still have an Instagram but like getting Twitter it actually or somebody posing as me on Instagram I'm watching it it starts to. It does start to become like that's what your eyes want to spend time on, and it should be just literally anything else. Yeah and I agree anything. So that's smart! You take you take a week off, go ahead as you guys I'm, including emails to that's another thing. I, don't know my dad emails me know their father, gotta read them yeah, well, business emails! Yeah, we fit it. We should change our passwords and make them hold them. How quickly would you guys turn that away? Crackheads yeah, nothing! You like just attack him [Laughter] just ignore him like I've stepped I got an inbox with like 8,000 done Reds, you know, and it's just it's wonderful. The thing is it's not that bad for me, but HeLa has all these Teddy fresh emails and everything about what, though, like like just like, like like questions and queries about like okay designs production got it. She needs to make a decision on or nothing moves, that's annoying. If I reorder something, then we need to get the fabrics again and then, if the color doesn't match, for example, it's a whole thing, God all kinds of stuff. It's like really like, like deep-set like I, didn't realize you were that far into the type I like, like choosing the fabrics and stuff yeah, you guys go to Joshua Tree, take some sure there you go there, you go yeah, let it roll I, really just I. Honestly off the grid, I just want some beta blockers and blockers every day. I'll hook you up with some beta blockers, where you get those B. If I don't know a guy where'd, you get them the ones. You took uh no comment well hook me up. Yeah I got a guy for you, then beta blockers, no I, know I, know someone who does, though, what the [ __ ]? How did I miss this I saw that was more savvy Ian just said he does Ian you take beta blockers. Can you get him on the mic? Dan yeah I wasn't gonna out him, but I was talking about you yeah, but puttin on the mic bill cosby's. My doctor, there is dr. Huxtable. Is that Ian you take beta blockers yeah? Is it a prescription, drug well yeah? They gave it to me because I have that hand tremor it's supposed to help with that. Can you talk? Wait damn get them closer to the mic, a little bit yeah, but do you notice other? So it helps with the hand trimmer, but does it it doesn't help with that whatsoever, doesn't help with the hand trimmer, but does it help with other stuff take more so so, in short, it did nothing for you, okay, you know how we're gonna figure this out and we're gonna. Take you to a kendrick lamar concert, we're gonna, get you up on stage and fill you with beta-blockers right and we're gonna see how well you perform. Are you freaking out right now? Yes, we're gonna have to double your dosage. Come on, I want to know what's up with beta-blockers? Is this a new thing? I, don't know how I know this is I mean I, remember, hearing about it for as long as like, like like I, think kids in my high school would take him before huh like like auditions and stuff, but it was always that sort of what about xanax, whatever happened to xanax why'd the world become xanax might be too chemical. You know, I think it might have too much of an effect. I think beta blockers are sort of more subtle, stuff yeah. You don't feel like you're taking something illicit when you take. It is a very slight effect. It's really just for blood pressure. You're, not gonna, notice, anything everyone at homes getting we got two guys in there to take them, though so I might be talking about my [ __ ] ass wait. Two guys Danny Dan doesn't take. Oh I thought that's what that was talking about. Ian wait was the guy, you know and an alright. Alright, that's it! That's all we got guys. I! Guess, we'll see you in two weeks right, yeah see me a long time. I'm gonna, miss y'all. You guys should all disconnect yeah look of it. Let's all disconnect everyone watching who's up for it and, let's kind of revisit. That would be what we'll talk about our first app back and see kind of how that worked out for us. I think you guys are gonna, look great I might and my colors gonna come back colors 20 years younger yeah feel, like my age, has accelerated a lot recently. You guys are gonna you're gonna be like doing like you're, not me a helper, so I was just gonna start doing push-ups in the middle of those bugs just instinctively yeah. Just because you feel like it am I gonna stop ordering pizzas in the podcast, because I'm, not you, might know, you'll just order more pizzas, which is fine. Yes, I did a couple. Push-Ups I can eat ten more slaps, a [, __, ], lutely I thought it works baby. You just get the cheese and the meat right, no bread, no bread, no bright, get a pizza, no crunch, they would eat the ball. Just a pizza ball that'd be kind of dank when it comes in a cup. Eric Andre did a bit about pizza balls as one of his uh. How did I miss it Oh? Is there a new season out? No, no! Not yet it's been. It's been a while since I heard him promoting it on Howard Stern, Rico, [, __ ]. Really, if you like some specials, where he went to Paris for like a bit but I was like and I say: I didn't really like that yeah. It wasn't I'm gonna have to agree with you. There like as much as I wish I wanted to drive I wanted to like it yeah. It was his best, not yo [ __ ] yeah season, 5 premiere. What February 18th we missed it. What no that can't be right, I can't [ __ ] be three months ago: Eric Andre season, 5 premiere. Oh, this is okay, no I'm wrong. It's the air compares. Why would they say that? That's all that is so wait. Are there any news about a new season premiere that guy's my [ __ ], like probably top one comedy Idol right now my store once [, __ ], you man, I'm, so jealous I, keep it, but it took a stopped them. Oh really, you did what was. It was not a glorious. Sorry to interrupt your story. It wasn't much of a story. I saw me way, do I, recognize them and I was like freak them out. I'm. Looking at in Studio City, the other day, I saw the Nathan Nathan Nathan fielder yeah, with both a friend and then it took me everything like again I I cut down I got a I, got a. What do you? What do you [ __ ], say to him like I, got a selfie with both of them in the same night, I paint you. Where were you? We were. You know, math mark, oh he's, okay, he's a musician and he invited us to his concert and and Eric and Nathan are both fans of his. But the thing is that Mac is gets a little bit of a party animal, so we were sipping tequila the whole time like what I was trashed, yeah and then Eric and and Nathan roll up I'm like first ice first Nathan come and he's hanging out and I'm like I'm trashed I'm blackout drunk- and this is when I was like in the midst of my biggest like I, was just a super fan. I was I I said: yeah I love the guy, but I was in the middle of watching a show and I was like this guy's a [ __ ] genius, I love everything he does, and so he rose up with his girlfriend and I'm like I, have to say something because he's hanging out with he's not he's hanging out with the same people, I'm hanging out with Jesus, and so as I came in I'm. A big fan of your show. I was like borderline blackout drunk and he's like I, don't know he'll. It was more sober than me so yeah, but he's like man. You me do YouTube, that's cool. How do you make money, YouTube, stuff and like eat? Well, he thinks it was horrible. I, don't think it was horrible that horrible, like you're, describing you're drunk well. What about I was drunk you sober and I was just talking about YouTube for like 30 minutes and he's like alright cool man. Bye I couldn't he's a lot like gays in his show, so I couldn't tell if it was like a bit or not started breaking plates over. As you were talking to him wrong guy right, because that would be very reason to say: yeah yeah, because I was drunk, I was fanboy, which is something I hate and would never do and I've always in my mind. Imagine what I would be like if I met them, because those two guys are like the two comedy people that I actually probably the only two yes and like maybe Tim Heidecker, yes, I would like fanboy over same and so I was like I had, in my mind, like being all cool and being like, hey nice to meet, but I was that when you've had to kill all night, if it was so embarrassing, ah and then after that, we went and Eric Andre was also hanging out, got something we were walking off and he was walking up and I ran up to him like a little [ __ ] s, fangirl I was like hey, Eric can I get a picture and he he's like yeah, just don't post on Instagram, because I don't want people to know that I'm in disguise, I still have I've, never posted those pictures that I'm in into guys no disguise in disguise. He told me not yeah I, don't think he would yeah you wouldn't care. If you were into guys are here guys got it ecstatic like you, didn't tag, Nita I mean in disguise, but I wasn't no embarrassing. I I don't know I cringe so hard when I think about that. It's so tragic, no I meant are you kidding and when it's not magic, I'm sober, never even posted those pictures, so they're just sitting there just to put it on my effective his bright people who feel the same way about meetings. They've had with you, you walked away and you were like. I was fine, that was cool and they walked away. They were like [ __ ] up no yeah. What am what fool? I am yeah, but it doesn't make it any less real sure I get that I get that it's a feeling. You'll have to carry with you. Yeah I'll carry that that cross for every model, but anytime I get drunk the next day when I think about it. It always seems like yes, so cringy, / yeah, oh yeah, I- think that's just a universal instinctual feeling well I mean until you get them on the show, and then you know then who's laughing gonna see who the [ __ ] doubt I can absolutely imagine that not you're like I'm dead forever. Now they're back you bitch-ass fanboy I'm, not not your no offense they're, not gonna! Remember this! You too [ __, ], yeah man, boy, damn boy, I'm, gonna loser! You will have them on. There's mark my words. You will have one of them. If not both of them on the show at some point Wow I can I can absolutely are you can see it when they're when they're suing you like Eric was on hot one, obviously, and right now that would be a weird serve me. The papers, that's a weird prank, but now, if they ever come on the show now I feel like do you remember you have to bring it was drunk and they won't. They will not. Remember no I, don't feel really and it will be awkward. I was like oh yeah. Do you want to read a section from your book? What, if that's the whole book? This is lunch over and over again, you like to report. I am Mar. You know here's ago years ago, there's like two blank pages. You know if that guy had some beta blockers on me and you probably would I think so. Yeah I think beta blockers. Whole podcast is just a three hour commercial for beta blockers up doctor Eric here check out the neon grisly dot-com Store for all the hottest internet comedy beta blockers have their illegal. Our beta blockers, illegal yeah I mean if I do them. They are they because he doesn't high interest and beta blockers in in if you and if you get like extra like pills like every time, we do a podcast I tell you about something that, like like there's bug, chasers yeah yeah, the bug chasing. That's that's a funny bit and like the thing is like you have to figure out what Avenue, because it's really not a funny thing. It's like a sad weird, like crazy thing that people do. There is like a trajectory to take to find the center of that joke. There's nailing all over that. Oh I mean I'm, not gonna. Disagree I mean there's nothing hilarious about aids, and if you get like extra beta blockers, can we saw it as h3 official? No, a lot of people here want to try it put a little Teddy fresh logo on them right, [, __, ], look just acebos well shut up. Salt like a drug deal like 100 for a pill will call it ends. Beta block. I'll cut you in a mo, but not a lot. I mean that's, that's a stupidly good deal better. Take it in I mean she Crowley's in jail, so which means there's a big hole in market. Big opening he's not watching right, Frank he's in prison watching on what a brick like I'm watching TV. This is my TV gerald man that guy's in prison for real. Wasn't that so great? How like? Oh? What if Bill Cosby Quayle is Martin, so yeah then charges him for it right my bill, yeah! That's gonna! Cost you two cigarettes both very wealthy I can't do it good! You know Justin roiland, Cosby, he's good with the voice, the house of Cosby's right, the one time I ever met him. I was like two House of Cosby's. Is the funniest [ __ ] thing I, think I've ever seen, hmm I just had to tell him mm-hmm. That was my hypochondria story. Yeah I walked away, I was like yeah, yeah I think I impressed them too much. You probably enjoyed that. No, it's not like. Isn't that fine. That is our instinctual reaction to someone we respect. We tell them why we like what they mean right when I saw patton oswalt like for a brief second one night, I told him like I just want to tell you I, [, __ ], think your stand-up is brilliant. I love the I just loved the vocabulary. You use blah blah and it's something like like. Why do we it's like word vomit? We have to tell them everything we love about that person and their craft. How much of that is like so that we can go to our friends and and and make it sound like it was much I, don't know because I haven't like I I, think it's just I think it's less of a of a humble brag and much more of a admission of like I have to tell you like what you mean to me. I, don't know like no you're right. There's is that back Larry David? You would you would, but you would say, by the way the people who come up to me on the street, the ones that I appreciate the most wants, who they don't ask for a selfie or anything they just say hey whatever. Like you said, you know, this is what it means Thanks totally. She, the guy, screamed salvia Eric at me out of a car as it was passing by. How did that feel? It took me a second to like because they were coming up to a red light and the guy went solve you Eric. You know she crosses you and they drove off. That was a fan, doing response and they just peeled away how'd that feel it felt great. It really emboldened me for the rest of the day. I got everything on my list on vodka. I need to know. You know what good friends I think we should set up something where yeah set up like a 2:00 p.m. dress. Fine, we just lift each other up and that's all we do. We just scream some meme. You know at each other that we're known Oh done me me, big boy, right, right, yeah, the joke is to try to get it. The most ridiculous person possible selected like in a [, __, ], Mack truck right passing by like me, me big boy. He doesn't watch right right right, right, big fan, right, like sir you're 70, alright, alright! So this time it's over for real right, it feels like it I love. This was a Lord of the Rings. What do you like about lower than favorite? No, you did there's no see if I can did I am as long as I have this thing in front of my face: I'm gonna keep talking just like Kanye yeah yeah, oh [, __, ], yeah Wow. We circled the [ __ ] up any more of these until he starts out like that. Well we're turning, although we're turning the cameras off doesn't mean that we're not turning up ourselves. Good wine see you everyone at home, I wish. You all would turn up this weekend but safely and use those beta blockers responsibly, because they are legal. If you don't have a prescription for them. Apparently that's right, although apparently it doesn't do anything. I've asked everyone that I know is taking it and they all say it doesn't do anything so I don't know. Basically, just a B vitamin I mean I'm I'll, be your beta blocker in life. I'll, just sighs your shoulders before a thing and be like okay, absolutely see you doing that a beta blocker. It almost sounds like like it's making you more alpha like that's, why it blocks all those Kuck in your blood yang and thank you that [ __ ] alpha makes you a Chad if just Chad's you up dude yeah, if you eat soy, you bleed out of your eyes. Alright, don't eat soy on beta-blockers right. Ironically, that's what soy boys take [ __ ], the beta box. Yeah alpha makers is what they should call him seriously. [Laughter] all right guys have a great weekend, we'll see you in two weeks, detox, everybody remember, look up from your cell phones. Look up. She is good. Bye, love! Y'all! Thanks for watching goodbye. Now.