Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast. Today, we've got a slammin hot episode, full of memes and goofs, and gasps and laughs everything on board. We have so much to get to because today is top of the month, which has turned into one of my favorite kind of episodic series here here with Ella Klein in the house, went out: Fila cleaners, but up periods, it's kind of nice just to have an episode where it's just me and EULA yeah, there's many guests waiting a break. We need a break. I just want to get to know the person right in front of me this whole time. You look fine. The real superstar I mean we've had some we've had some big guests on the show, but I mean compared to a look line. Yulik liners in the house, they're really all pale in comparison. How are you doing today? Eula I'm good I decided not to wear I had today. This is a big day for me. So please help me be strong here. We no hat no hair comment. You guys! Why do you? Why do you want to wear a hat? So bad I don't know I just like it gives me like more cover, so I'm more like in character and on myself, Oh interesting. Like so psychological you want to wear my hat now. I haven't had what I just no hats today guys this is the real genuine experience, no family bit no close family baby, no close family day. My friend isn't no happy. Today, our show is sponsored by me on dates. You know them. You love them to make the best Audis on earth. Guys trust me more on that later and naturebox. Last time we spoke about it. We ordered some snacks at this time hold your suspense. We've got the snacks, ladies and gentlemen, and we're going to eat them, and all of you at home, check check on there. You see we got smash check under your seats, everybody there's a boxes, won't that be the best show ever there's just like candy peanuts under everyone's seats. Maybe sometime in the future, we'll have that technology just to beam random objects into house. Amazon will get that Amazon got him a lot. They'll start like beaming, like dead bodies and governors houses, dreams on Oh, pride delivery. It's like Amazon Oprah, it's the check on there. You see it it's already there I love that me and John were thinking about doing it. Amazon yeah back when we were living in New, York me and jontron were really close to making a show together. We put so much work into it, yeah and then it just didn't really. It didn't really work out, but we had one idea for a sketch that I thought was really terrific yeah. We were all kind of like thinking about it together. There was some funny stop it's a good [, __ ] there. It was me you I, don't know if we should say because maybe we'll still uh it was pretty involved. Like I, don't know you need a big budget. I don't mind talking about, but it was me you maybe John doesn't want us whatever John come at me. Doug I'm come to LA dude come beef with me, guys ghost town dude. He hasn't made a video in 8 months he's not even a real person anymore jontron who run this is a crawl out. You gotta come to LA common de-spawn cast he's going to come on. People have been saying when it's John trunk come on the pockets he's coming on the podcast. You just need to come to LA. Anyway, it was me John, Zac, aka, psychic pebbles in Gila. We were all working on developing the show together and the sketch was like all the different layers of services. Amazon provides yeah, so it was like Amazon Prime I was like Amazon now Amazon. Now, right now play on Amazon. Yesterday, yeah I, don't remember all the details. Amazon yesterday was like they already know what you need before you know yeah and yesterday they already put in our territory outside like using an existing for getting crazier using super invasive algorithms, probably not that funny to detect your mood. Amazon already decided what you didn't know you wanted yesterday today and then there's like someone creepy just following you. Oh yeah, there's people like spying on you and [ __ ] like taking notes like hell of creepy but you're, just like you're cool because they ended up selling you what you wanted. There was a part where we like shoot stuff out of a cannon. Yeah. Oh, don't know this about funny. Honestly, yeah a little bit Looney tune speak to the podcast into your reaction. Videos eaten Wow. You act like you, weren't involved, I know how you look. I just got reclined I just got declined by yielded the decliner. You know what I want to talk about before we get into the top of the month by the way top of the month. For those who don't know is when we essentially put aside stories videos all the top goofs throughout the month. That I think we could have a great conversation about and we just go at it. I've got a huge list of super interesting stuff to talk about here and we're going to try to do it every month. I'll see I get our idea, for this show that I want to build to is like I want it to be. More of a show than a podcast and I want to get there eventually. So, like we'll have different segments say every episode. It starts with 30 minutes where we talk about news segments and then the guest comes on for an hour or two hours or whatever, and then they leave and then we keep going and maybe then maybe we take calls from you guys right how about that yeah or we have different segments. We can have Joey selves come in and put his down dick and a hot dog butt or whatever, like I, just want more stuff going on. It's gonna be a lot of fun. That's what I'm so he's trying to fix his image, not to but Julie. You always like my already honorary guest of this podcast I feel like so that that's that's the concept for top of the month that I and I think it's going to be a lot of fun before we get into that, though, there's something that's been on my chest: oh, we need to change the title of this I changed it. What do you mean it says top of the month? Oh really, someone said it still sends video again, so we started it. So I was talking to Dan about that. I got this startup yeah or yeah yeah, whatever we got it, but it says top of the month now which so before we get into all those stories, there's something that I've had on my chest for honestly a long time and I want to talk about it, get it off my chest. Do you know what it is? No [ __ ], roasted peppers, Oh each section roasted red peppers. They put them on sandwiches, they put them on steaks, they put them on every [, __ ] thing these slimy little noodles you're gonna talk about their lawsuit, roasted peppers. Why would I talk about the lawsuit is way more pressing? There's way more immediate, you I mean seriously, who doesn't pick those off the sandwiches or at least like at best you carry that I never met anyone that likes this shot. One person alive likes that garbage. Maybe bell pepper raw mine loved it, but they're like let's take a delicious vegetable. Let's roast it till it's like a soggy worm and then put it in a sandwich: let's, let's can it, let's put it in the fridge, so it gets. Even soggy. Er loses all of its flavor yeah I wanted to taste like someone took a [ __ ] [, __ ] in your mouth, and then, let's put it in a sandwich, and literally nobody like who, like honestly, who among us, likes roasted peppers. This is nobody. This is my plea to the world. Please, with the roasted red peppers, get the [ __ ] out of my life. I can tell you guys why he's talking about it, because maybe yesterday or just today before I, ordered a caprese sandwich which, like it's my favorite things like the simplest best sandwich, in my opinion, tomato mozzarella cheese preach. Basically, that's all you need, and it's already the best sandwich a little, maybe a little pesto, fine, if you're lucky, if you're fancy, but then I got it from this great place that we really like to banana. See no farms. Are you name of Balaam name, immature mobula named ma Manistee no farms in Studio, City, name, um, hmm! Well, I bet it's a ok! Let them know let them know the world doesn't change you unless you own it alright. So they put be the change you want to see in the world. He listed bell peppers in that sandwich and they ruined it. It was so bad I mean usually I'm a fat [, __, ] I'm, a gluttonous monster right and usually I'll eat anything so he was like, and then this is what happens because I know not to get that. Garvey I'm obsessed, like I, saw like Oh rest of it I'm not getting that garbage, but he or she doesn't have the the ordering instincts that I have so what ends up happening is I ordered the delicious sandwich and he listened over there not eating so I'm like okay, you want my delicious sandwich and I'll eat your garbage and she's like yeah. Obviously so I give her my delicious sandwich and then I'm stuck over there. Picking the roasted red peppers off my [ __ ] end up eating the sandwich with a fork, unbelievable. What else I don't want to know? Have you want to get that off my chest for a while? So thanks guys, alright, thanks for tuning in for that I appreciate that so next up, the next thing I want to talk about. Is the ghost Malone okay. So, a couple days ago we posted the ghost hunting with post Malone video, and then we removed it and I. Guess a lot of people been asking why so I'll just address it? Mm-Hmm basically awesome like after we finished, shooting Austin had a knife and he was super upset at me and he started threatening me mmm. No, that's not what happened well, okay! First of all, the main reason was because it would just was like off-brand. It was a really shitty video and you just wasn't I really liked it. It was YouTube was going to suggest it to people and it doesn't really represent the channel while it's related this shitty. But beyond that the reception to that video was really confusing. To me, everyone thought that we all hated each other. Why would I post it and, like everyone thought that Austin was mad at you? I was mad at you. You remain I, wouldn't want the ELA. I was yeah, okay, so I just want to say, like we're, never really mad at each other, especially if you see it on video we're all joking with each other yeah people who are saying that I was super. Rude and Austin was angry at me and they never wanted like. He would never hang out those like it was. It was really surprising because it was light-hearted joking clearly, if there was actual beef, I wouldn't have posted the video I mean yeah I. Maybe I could see me that I was annoying in it. I can see that I can be annoying, but that a little bit. What did you expect? You send me on a ghost hunt: okay, this skeptic I'm, the [ __ ] professional hater. You guys paid me to hate and you send me out. Okay, Austin built it up in it like it was this spoot like this was like the scariest place on earth. Do you know we? When we were walking around? It was a beautiful trail. There were trash cans, public trash cans right there. This is a beautiful public place, and so was it was not spoon I'm not going to walk in silence for 10-15 minutes, I didn't get spooked when a [, __ ] little lizards, you know rattles by I, got to keep it real. If that's annoys you I'm sorry I think my my my opinion about it is that it just wasn't working so the way we presented it to people. It just wasn't a good video, so they start to criticize you know for different reasons, but the real reason is that it just didn't fit. That's why we took it down. It's not like. You can't shoot it like that. It just doesn't work like the way we edit videos on h3 I think it had to be edited down yeah and shoot it in that, because you know there's a lot of dead air yeah Harkness. It was just so whatever into but forget about it. The reception did kind of made me feel bad, because people were [, __, ] hatin on your boy, Ethan here I'm like what the hell did I do. I was trying to keep it real for y'all. But if you, what I did I did get a little spook towards the end yeah, but I mean, if you guys want to watch me, walk in silence for 15 minutes, then I can make that video for you very easily no problem I'll make one tonight in my room: I didn't have to be there. You won't see me at least resilence anyway. A lot of people did anyway, I just get that out there, but for the most part me and Austin are still friends very much. We love each other he's one of my dear good friends and also people were like Austin said: Matt should I hide my mess. People were thinking too awesome because there was a police helicopter. Above we were getting spooked yeah and he says, should I have my knife because Austin being the sweet young man, a wonderful young man, he is thinks that knife, so the ultimate defense again ghosts. So he brings a knife. So the [ __ ] goes down with the ghost he could apparently stabbed the go to the knife. So he's like should I hide my knife and it was like oh [, __ ], post alone, smoking, meth, I love you guys, but goddamn. Alright, let's get off that [ __ ], you guys happy now, [ __, ], happy, Jesus, Christ right, sorry, uploaded, ok, no I'm, not real, but she's dead forever in here, there's not a bad video. That's it well! Here's the the most annoying part for me is that Austin was the one yeah telling us to upload it. I won will be finished that we're like this videos garbage not usual, maybe I watch it I wasn't even going to copy the footage to my computer right. It took me like two weeks until Austin really insisted to you every day. He's texted me worse than those footage. Dude I want the ghost footage, so he is the one egging me on. So please go blame Austin, don't care so I'm just kidding! No! But ok, but he's a sweet kid he's the best, but he's the one like you'll post this footage and then I post it and I was like even such an [ __ ] leave poor pup's posting alone alone. He's never gonna, hang out with Ethan again he's a no I'm like [ __ ], no justice in this world life's a struggle. You guys don't ever [, __ ], don't ever listen life's a goddamn struggle, alright! So let's get back to the show. Alright, now up next I'm I'm, not [, __ ] around you guys, I told you. This is gonna, be a meme filled episode and I'm and I fulfill on my promise. Every time to you in the last episode we had so Flo Antonio along, if you remember, and we brokered the peace between him and Joey salads. So Flo had promised to deliver Joey for sponsored spots on his world famous, so Flo page for sharing for shares. Hmm I love when they're talking like I, don't do share for share I love hearing share for sharing a business setting. Usually it's like dick pic for dick pic, something yeah. It's really it's a joke. It's a joke share for share, but I love that that's actually used in professional setting. So what I thought we do is I need to check in with Joey I want to know. If so, Flo made good on his offer. So I'm going to call him up right now and I want us all to you know: do this together, Joey's such a great I loved him so much on the last, so you plug their me, wait and see if he answers I loved him, so much man yeah. He needs to be a permanent fixture of the show. He's such a legend. Okay! Joey! Can you hear me all right? You're live Dan how's it sounding there Dan. Can you hear Joey? Oh [, __ ], it's not working all right! I'll put you up to the mic, should I put it up to the mic so Joey are you there yeah I'm, just going on the bedroom? Oh Jesus Christ Joey. What does a number are you doing? What do you can? What all right, listen up, I got a check. What last week, as you know, getting here me going what's happening: dude yeah, Gallagher's crush from the pole, okay, all right, oh my god. So last week we spoke to you about brokering a peace with you and so Flo and I just want to update I want to know. If so, Flo made good on his promise to do a share, a share of a Joey salads video. He has I got. Oh, oh nice Wow two shares out a few more hangers already dude, that's [, __ ] bad-ass, and how? How did those fare for you were those like fruitful for you? What is it? What hold on I'll heat the convo real quick, because it's the first one, no problem, but the second one I told them to do it, though, on the day and hit it at night. Uh I think he owes you another share. That's not cool ganya! No share wait. Would he would he do it at night, specifically just because it's less value? Of course you never know you never know what well anyway, everyone knows that everyone knows it's not the same. I texted him Tuesday at 9:00 I go. Can you share this one today I text him at 9:00 in the morning she texted me at 9:00 at night. Yeah is now a good time. I go no Kay, you can live in the morning. He goes yeah I go thing the next day, I text them at 2:00 I go. Did you forget, don't forget to share it? He goes yeah. I can now I go thank man and then at 5:40 IX we would be shared it at nine o'clock. You sent me to like wow. What did you say? Eight hours yeah? What did you say? I mean I, didn't, say anything I max for an extra share. Now you say: do you like one more night share and I scenario? Thank you. Nitrate is equal 1 Hornet tree right, yeah I'm with that do I need to get him on the phone and broker another share for you now y'all gotta go alright. Thanks for the update, I. Think, that's I think that's wonderful, I'm! Gonna keep checking in on you until your debt is fully paid, so so essentially, you've got one and a half shares in the end of tank out of four yeah. Pretty much I'm gonna make sure you get that that extra nice share. It's only fair. Oh yes, thank you all right. We share that all right, Thank, You Joey! Well, alright, god bless you take care goodbye. Is this the best [ __ ] show or what this is. The best show we're talking about so Flo shares we're talking about Joey Sal's, getting a SIL, cloture I love that it took him 48 hours, hey he's getting them, though, by the way, that's such a so for thing to do just bounce for 40, though the night chair you kidding me I mean the traffic is not the same, no you're right, but I'm wondering in his head. Is he like crunching? The numbers where he's like I already have three shares today: I'm getting paid for Joey goes to the night or just like [ __ ], this guy nighttime I, just think it's like well I. Don't want so many people to see it. So I'm just going to do it at high. It's gotta work. Well, that's not going to fly because and I brokered this piece, my reputations on the line so he's getting four-day shares. Yep all right, we're on to you, so Flo should be alright, let's move it on. So that's pretty good, making good progress here. So next up this video monitor this video shocked me you guys. So my name is Zhanna. Oh [, __, ] she's, wait what Mac I didn't realize what the [ __ ] is this video? It's got like weird me and commentary. Oh that's, not the right! One! Yeah! That's not it! How does this the link I got where no I can't hear it boys? Let's see it god I can't stand when people do this computer voice, man [Music] humongous, so you guys remember humongous. It starts when he exits a town hall and this lady is aren't. What's her, name's aren't honor xarna gets in his face and stress climb a token Mexican and that he's killing the community and gets all triggered when he drops his humongous show. The question I always had was what happened in that Town Hall. They got her so triggered because she came out immediately hating him and focused on him, so we finally have an answer to that question. Yep right here, we've got the video of the town hall meeting which is fascinating. Do you need me to find it City Council? Let's see, I, don't know what the hell I got here. Let me find the original video I think this is it I was on the subreddit name is Rudy here. It is yes, so here it is guys. So it starts with Rudy giving his testimony. If you can't tell huh jr. I live in the north end crook and you turn it up that moved here. 1969 grew up on 100 turned out Marv nice area. I am totally for a safe learning, healthy environment in the north end I pearl, precinct, I. Believe it's a positive move in our public safety north of the Ship Canal I have plenty of people that supportive of all different backgrounds of the north end. Where are they shut up? You didn't come with a mob of people. Yeah. You didn't come seriously: they came with a cult, so the story is that in Seattle they're thinking about adding a new police station in the North Precinct of the city, which apparently is our urban more dangerous drug reload place, the police station is very expensive and humongous came here. He spent his time to come, participate in democracy which made people say they can't do I mean who among us, spends time to go to City Council. Nobody, that's like someone who really cares about their community. Thank you. That's true! Pretty much! No, but I was a DJ Colin. Nobody! Nobody so he's here, spending his free time and he's saying I. Think the police station is a great idea because I trust our police. They saved my daughter. Well, as he'll say they took my daughter off the street because she was addicted to heroin and they helped me a lot and I personally think it's a good idea, which is a complete. You may disagree with them, but it's a perfectly defensible point. So, let's see how they respond to him. I'm here I'm here, no, no interrupting the other speakers. Please I want to say this is I, want to thank the North Precinct for getting my heroin addicted daughter off the street and bailing her an opportunity to get well. Is she white what the [ __ ]? Oh my god, seriously like what does that matter? What did what does that matter? I, don't know it's just insane. The police help my daughter get off. The street was addicted to drug yes, but was she like? How is that the first question the you are you're gonna ask her what any interesting him yeah like. Why are they blaming this guy? His experience was good. Is that not an objective reality? Okay, it's insane, but I love dislike. What's the implication that a white life has less value than a my I? Do no idea! Why would you even ask that I guess what okay, so, if I can try to sympathize empathize with their position is that minorities in that precinct are targeted by police, more targeted by police, so they're like yeah? Of course you know they help the white girl, but here this is the great irony. This is the best part. Listen to this Tina she's, Latino she's, not even white humongous, is is Latino. It's just so gross to even have that absolutely and absolutely wide know. She's with like I, don't know it's so gross. Absolutely look there there's low, lower class white people, someone who needs to get off the street because of drugs. It doesn't matter if they're white or not, no, no, it doesn't but the ice. I love this twist that ends up she's Hispanic. It's like [, __ ], you hey, hey, hey! She is a Hispanic Latino Chicano were proud of our heritage, such a I love. This guy house is sick. What a smooth [ __ ] man he's such a graceful. Oh he's a hero. By the way. Little aside, I've been speaking to Rudy about flying him. We're going to fly him out to LA we're going to put him in hotel we're going to get him a guest on this podcast I talked I've been texting with him. He's super down he's super excited, so we just need to figure out was the best time to get him out here. But honestly, in my mind, I'm like what happened in there, because maybe he was inappropriate and now seeing this he's fully vindicated fully and completely vindicated yeah. He did nothing to deserve that treatment. They were hostile from the very beginning. Yes, I want to say this right now: I respected you when you see sounds like you are coughing yes like well is that is that not the best triggered sound ever like that's an actual library right now, I respect you when you speak. It sounds to me like you're coughing there. In the background my friend says this world. We live in all truly bizarre people and things to behold. Oh my god, you burped, like I, was going crazy. I bet it's itchy, my throat we have it is we yeah I, think Ethan got an allergy or some [ __ ] Oh, bye, alright, listen to you! That's like the social justice. Where your mating call someone needs me she's, calling in reinforcements yeah there's walk, there's buses of like blue haired. What is that a massive frame? So it should Justice, where he's being bused in to support sex in this game. I'm playing there's this one game where they do that, where they scream for reinforcements step, 5 we're thinking about. We want to make a HD report where we talk about this and all there's no. So this is like this is a great stuff. This is actually good material to it'd, be great to make a sketch, where you do like that social justice warrior made in Colin, you have like reinforcements coming in [ __ ] should do a whole casting call with Craigslist people. There is what they keep going several interruption I'm going to allow him a pretty things like what am I dealing with yeah they're, not even letting him talk he's just and I listened before like well. You can clearly understand why, after coming out of this he's, like my name, is Hugh mangas, which is honestly a really nice way of saying [, __ ], you yeah, and to wrap up his comments. I need you to wrap up your comments, though, because I'm trying to see on climate, why? It's my what I have to say doesn't matter because I live as a bi really seriously. What matters is is what everybody else has to say. We support this precinct. We think it's important investment for public safety in the north end. Thank you. Thank you. What are they doing? Off-Screen Rudy's looking off the screen and like pure shock in the sky, and you can't hear anything I can only imagine she's. Just like got her badge out or something crazy. My name is Anand Joshi I am here, I can't even listen to her talk like thee. You know it's given you listen. It is like the there's so much self-importance and delusion in her every word. She says she thinks she's walking with their King to support blacklivesmatter I'm here to speak, to block the bunker. The fact that there is even a soul to give what is a corrupt, murderous institutionalized gang 160 million dollars is outrageous. It is mirror they are just a few bad apples because all of the other apples around them speak for them and protect them. Why are your apples? This apples metaphor, is going pretty deep apples? Don't wait. Why are Apple speaking? It's a very extended metaphor: I! Don't know why you gotta yell, because she's Martin Luther King, she is changing the world. What are you doing? [Music] defense? Is your company alright I admit that there's problems with the police department like a lot mm-hmm, you know what does she want? She want to abolish the police. You want to kill all them, I'm, not sure I did yeah I, don't really understand the full argument here. Well, they're, just saying: don't open the new precinct, but the way she's talking is over yeah just the way they beheld phul the dialogue they're. Having is like there's no such thing as black and white I. Believe in this. This is the only way it is all cops are bad. All these talking apples, which apparently she also has this mentality of like I'm, just going to start yelling. Until someone kicks me out, we that's right and then it's so she can be oppressed too I'm going to start disrupting this public hearing as much as possible, till I get kicked out and then it's oppression, I love if they just left her there close to like close the lies, lock the door and for these messes that a big people and make them harmless. This money needs to go to people. We need housing. The people need to do. - people need so. Her argument is that that money should be used on other community projects, which again is a defensible, fair position. But this is not a productive debate. This is just a straight-up trigger warfare. It's just so amazing -. To finally have this footage? Oh my god. It's so insightful because I always wondered yeah there they are there's a cause. Is Jackie is Jackie lemon here, that's Chuckie Levitt in the house, so anyway, I thought that was absolutely fascinating. Um looking at young Lyon musk who's here looks so crazy. Well, what can we watch wait? Does he not have more hair now than he did? I just got recommended this documentary about young Elon Musk in a 1999 documentary about millionaires and he looks horrible. He looks better now, yeah I almost creaking, my god, you look like a bunny. He looks like a little child in a man's field. It's seven o'clock in the morning, it's 7 o'clock in the hooding come on. Musk anxiously waits for his golden payoff, his prize for paying his dues in the valley all right when I was Lucy, yeah I just wanted to it. Look like anyway, I thought that was absolutely fascinating. I I think we'll have to make a video about that, because it's just amazing and then we're gonna have a Rudy here to talk about it. It's going to be a wonderful full circle and by the way, Rudy's doing great I spoke to him recently said: hey Rudy! How are you he said I'm doing great thanks to you guys all of us he's like what a [ __ ] legend him. He honestly handled himself like and with pure class race in there yep yep yep humongous blessed next up living moving right along. You guys maybe have seen this on. Twitter I was talking about on Twitter, Logan, Paul and studio71. Yesterday, I was cooking. Breakfast and I got a notification on my phone that our two videos about Logan Paul got claimed mm-hmm by studio71 and I was like uh-uh girl. No, you did not. Can you believe this shit's still going on? I do believe it. Oh my god like so here's the best part. The irony of the situation. Studio71 is a MCM that used to be called collective and they did literally the same exact thing with prank invasion. Yeah except they could. We were much much smaller I think we had like 200,000 subscribers when it happened. Oh was it um, it was prank evasion and they took it down. No, it was full screen that took it down. Oh [, __ ], you're right, oh god, I'm right. It was a whole situation. So a full screen took it down and we were at the time with collective and collective. Instead of being on our side started to tell us that we should actually keep it down. Remember wasn't that yeah there was there were. They were like bullying us from the inside yeah and they lied to us and we ended up signing this contract and then they were like sorry, you signed a contract, so those guys are such leaves bad. So there was a whole situation with them. So great guy collective made ela cry. Yeah they essentially I just would never taught they're great guys seriously. That was like my first expanding like business people and one like love them dish in the industry. I think you must hate them, but yeah I, probably more than anyone. Maybe my lord well. What happened was we said we'll join you, but we need to be managed, which means that we're excluded from the Content ID system, because we make reaction, videos which are fair use, but if they get automatically checked and it'll, be a lot extra work for us, and so they said yes, we'll give you managed partnership and we sign and then all the sudden were not managed anymore, and they don't tell us that so our videos start getting claimed by the automated system, we're like yo what the [ __, ] and they're like so, and we decided that we don't want to give you manage or there or there was like a misunderstanding also where apparently, the guy that was handling I didn't know. What manage me is like I tell you. I thought managed means that I'm, your manager and we're like are you working in the same business, because managed is not that no, he does and then we had a whole conversation with the whole team and they're. Like look store, you got to grow up. You signed a contract so now you're stuck that's basically what they said to us. That's exactly what they said. Even worse: I'm gonna war is I, don't I said: okay, fine! You don't want to manage our channel just release us from the contract, then, because we signed your contract them and they refused they're like no it's time to grow up your handle, you sign a contract and ela was like crying because we were so trapped and our channel was so [ __ ] with them and he's like he did it. He wouldn't do it and I I've never encountered anything that dark and ugly and just inhuman before and then I heard like I was I was speaking with another person with them and they were saying that collective someone from collective who managed us when we were with them was telling him not to collaborate or work with us because we're bad news yeah. So within the organization they're telling their own agents not to work with us because we're bad news, the guy who made Allah cry so moving forward. The reason we're talking about this is because somehow maybe like a month or two later, all of a sudden they're called studio71. They changed their brand name guys and it's all great we're not collective anymore, the slimy douche bag because auditorium CN, you know how we got out of that contract because Ethan made a tweet saying something about like I. Don't know what you said, something about how they were handling us yeah and then, as soon as they saw the Twitter they email, that's, okay, we'll let you go now, no way that they said. If you erase the tweet yeah and sign this paper that says non-disparagement, then we'll let you go and I'm like I'm, not signing that! That's why I can talk about it now. I've never talked about it, but it just came up now so yeah. So now, they're just called studio71 and let's just forget about everything else, they've done because they have a new name: studio71 baby, it's jazzy, it's fresh, the seven and the one making arrow points to the right, because you're going to be going that way when you join us skyrocketing in the stats. So we when we saw them, claim our videos again like we. Let's go mother, [, __ ], it was beautiful. You can tell why this is that this is rough anyway, look anyway, they're to be fair, I, tweeted out to studio71, Logan, Paul and immediately they got back to us and immediately they resolve the situation and dropped it there. So as to be fair, it's just funny that they're still doing this [ __ ] and I'm yeah. Is there no oversight like they're, just like claim yeah, and if it's and you know, if it's a smaller channel is just like your have you have no recourse, you there's nothing to do so. They end and and total fairness. They Clinton. They cleared it and drop it, and like the matter of 30 minutes and Logan, Paul tweeted out you good, bro I, don't know, I mean I assume it was meant to be a condescending mm-hmm. You good bro basic anyway. I was like dude I, recommend checking with your network before they start claiming videos on your bass, yeah, it's so sleazy like dude. If it's not a full reload, you have no right to ever. Do anything with that. Video and I hate this [ __ ] move of claiming it it's. My opinion is, if you're going to claim it, you might as well just take it, remove it unless [ __, ], dance, [, __ ], because this claim is such a passive-aggressive little [ __ ] s plate because it's like you're censoring them by removing their money, but you're not making it obvious, because you're not doing the full takedown, which would show this video was removed by collective. It's like such a bitch-ass play it's pathetic, yeah and in this day and age after all, the [ __ ] we've been through these big networks having [ __ ] changed one bit anyway. In fairness, they resolved it immediately. But if we were a small channel, we probably would still be getting pricked on studio71 collective. Those guys are real sleaze bags. Let me tell you next and I love back in the day. They're like if you remove the tweet, will let you leave the contract yeah like what happened all of a sudden, all of sides: okay, okay, now we've got some leveraging. Really you want to do a trade out of prison, [, __, ], em seams are a nightmare. There are some good ones out: I'm, not gonna I'm not going to curse all MGM's there are. There are some good ones, I'd like 97% of them. What does the truth? Is? It really depends on the size of your channel. If you're a big channel, all the m stands are going to be pretty nice to you yeah back, then we had no one. We were smaller, which is why we're so scary, because you have no one to talk to and you're just stuck in that yeah and that you have no way to live like they can drop you by anything by the way. Is that so [ __ ] back then yeah is that so [ __ ] back in the day when that happened and MCN can just click a button and drop you, regardless of anything you've signed. But if you want to leave, you have to beg them and plead with them to remove them, remove you, and in that case they said, [ __, ] off no and they just have to click a button like how horribly structure is that ie ie, oh by the way, thank you to everyone. Subscribing on Twitch, prime twitch prime, is one of the greatest things of all time. You can give us money for free, that's right for free, I, love, twitch I'm, not official or Amazon, I love, twitch and Amazon I'm, not sponsored by Amazon, but I love, the [, __ ] out of them, and here's something about twitch crime. That I didn't tell you guys before. Not only can you subscribe for free every month, if you have Amazon Prime and give us free money, but I was I was on twitch the other day and I saw that you get little loop box when you're on prime twitch user, and you get all this [ __ ]. Look at this here's another one over watch golden lute box. They give you a loot box with a free, legendary skin in it. How insane is that and you get like free games, free and game items SiC? Is that you Dan good, did I just shock. You Dan, okay, I, like some doozies, so I even got our sergeants Witcher here flipping out, but the value offers insane because you get to subscribe for free and I was playing the other day and I got a legendary zenyatta outfit that is so insane you guys anyway, I love it. Thank you. Everyone who has supported us in that and that way, I appreciate it very much. Next up. These are great we're going to get sued for talking about that. Why? How are we gonna get sued? I'm that scared now from losses, yeah I, know, I mean we literally guys everything I said was my opinion yeah. It's my experience of that story. Nothing was facts. Okay, so definitely relax I just made it all up. Okay, look! That's what a joke! That's what happened all right! That's not defamation! If it's what happened. This is my recollection of what happened in this case. They were fair. They admit it was a mistake. They even said that it was erroneous in an email to me and they cleared it up fast, so that was great to their credit and to Logan's credit. They cleared up very fast I'd like to believe that they would do that for a smaller creator, I'd like to believe that and I hope that this was a learning experience for them, going forward to be more cautious and have more places before claiming a video. That being said, no I'm kidding I won't go there next story. This is one this hot hot hot you guys to CNN, blackmailing the blackmailing the Nemer on reddit, who made the Trump wrestling the CNN logo. This should blew my socks off you before your socks off I mean I was just truly shocked by this story. Let me pull it up. So, as you guys probably know, it was everywhere in the media, Trump tweeted out this really obscene. Let me see if I can find it. I want to show you guys. Where is it not there? No, it's just a picture of it. We trade, Trump, CNN, Wrestling gift I, mean in case you haven't seen it. Let me let me show it to you here: it is so Trump tweeted out this gif steve-o said you bet I'm. Alright, thanks for checking I mean. Let me check on steve-o before the show started. We were watching. Steve-O had a livestream on Instagram and he was like his face was all burned yeah and we were like what the [ __ ] happen to steve-o, but anyway he said he's. Alright, god bless you, man, [ __ ]. You know um, what's his gift, how do you find gifts? They want not to find gifts at a gifts work. Does anyone know how to work it here we go hello, Internet, hmm, well, I ever want to have sinned it. Probably anyway wait I gotta find this is ridiculous. What the [ __ ], how hard is it to get a gift? I think those are it's supposed to work? It's not, though this is just an image here. It is I think well. This is embarrassing that I can't get this knock DNG. Oh my god, so give the give the preface you. Let me see someone found it. Can you tell the backstory while I look for this, the backstory yeah, so um Donald Trump, the President of the United States of America tweeted on his Twitter, its Dylan as to it I think I'm getting there I'm? Okay, he found this great meme. It was a gift and he just tweeted it out. Could I have anything I, don't know why I searched and I can't find it. How did you find it so fast? Someone link? Okay here it is for the holiday Christ I here is [ __ ] me hi all right about to have a panic attack, good right, here's, the [, __ ] gift for Christ's sake, so he tweets this out, which says: fraud, News, CNN, fnn, fake news network, all right, I'm going to open it. Clearly, avert has six hundred thousand legs three hundred fifty thousand retweets clearly, and it depicts him from the wrestling days when he tackled Vince, McMahon and punched him in the face may put CNN logo on Vince McMahon's face clearly a very distasteful thing for the President of the United States to tweet out clearly a very inappropriate thing, but a bit of a meme to not I mean it's kind of a an interesting time when a sitting president can tweet something like this out. Okay, so CNN got super butthurt about it, but when it happened, I'm like cNN, has the high ground now like they'd just be like. That was super unprofessional. You, the president, grow up and they move on, but that's not what they did. They were in the high ground. In my opinion, I was like you know, good for them. Now. Look at now look at this ship. How CNN found the reddit user behind the Trump wrestling gift, so they start digging into where this gif originated and they says to the kid. Let me pull this article open. It's so weird, because I just don't understand why. How is the guy related like? Why does it matter? Who is the guy who made it so this is, this is yeah, so they says CNN is not publishing his name. They says his reddit account Han [, __, ] solo, there's something playing in the background. Oh, this is [ __, ], odd yeah, because he's a private citizen who has issued an extensive statement of apology showed his remorse by saying he was taking it down all the spending post and because he said he is not going to repeat this ugly behavior on social media again. In addition, he said his statement could serve as an example to others not to do the same, so they get a hold of this guy and they make him apologize for making a [ __ ] meet like let's, okay, let's get over the daxing that they says they says CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change. What I don't understand it doesn't work for the president. He just made a meme on the Internet. It's so pathetic. It's so pathetic. When I read this I'm, like I, can't be understanding this right, yeah an ad when, after a Reddit user for making a meme who, okay before the president tweeted this out, it was completely innocent so like how was he? How was he responsible for the president? He doesn't work for the president and then they make him publish this pathetic apology, listen what they says about it. He showed remorse by taking it down and he said he's not going to repeat this ugly behavior again on social media. It's a [, __ ], silly gif, and then they start talking about how you made racist, post and stuff. Like the same thing that happened, we can bond right like. Why are you doing it doesn't even matter who the person is, why I even start going there? It's not relevant at all, it's so pathetic and like before this I was kind of defending sin and the way the president treats CNN I think is completely unprofessional, unwarranted. But after this I'm like this is so pathetic. It's just a guy on the internet, making a joke, and now all the sudden he's on trial like who cares. If he's a racist piece of [, __ ], it's just a meme like I, don't see why he should be on trial at all yeah. If anything judged the president he's the one who shared the gift, but the guy who made it it's like like he was posting racist comments and jokes on I'm, going to hell for this, which, if you guys know anything about that subreddit it's there and it celebrates really horrible things and really horrible behavior as like a meta joke whatever. If you're offended by that, whatever I'm not here, to judge that content well what it can, even if it is full-on racist disgusting person yeah, what does it matter doesn't matter? He doesn't Trump didn't Commission him to make it I was so blown away by this you guys I I'm, like man, I, can't believe what the shoes come to and they like stood by it. They put it on the front page proudly and I'm like CNN, is blackmailing someone who made a meme because it I'm just I just in shock next story. So now now everyone's making, CNN memes and honestly rightfully so they barked up the wrong tree. I can't believe that they thought that was a good look for them. They have the high ground just be like now super unprofessional. Mr. president, yeah we're going to keep doing the news to like this, but hurt like soccer mom. Does that make sense, they're butthurt soccer mom? What's a what is this all come online? Well, a soccer mom, there's there's somewhere in there. It makes sense. Okay, somebody think about that, and let me know how it makes sense all right. Let's move it on that was really shocking to me, though. I couldn't believe that [ __ ] alright, what else we got Ellen gasps caught stealing. We have a lot of shoes. She was down here. Oh my god. We have so much stuff. You guys there yet Lucas your coab yuck I wish here's a great one, one of the top, a real top of the month for you. So Ellen did this segment on a show where she catches on hidden camera, one of her guests stealing, and she handles it in a way that is really quite cringy and hard to watch. But art is ethic. Look the show 14 years ago, I said this is going to be like a relationship and the most important thing. The foundation of a good relationship is say it with me separate thermostat. Okay, that trust right. Trust is very important so before the show I put out some Ellen products with a sign that said, only one per person and I just wanted to see how honest my audience was. You know, because it turns out you're very honest, very, very honest. We've set up, have you guys to know and dance by the way? Unbelievable, let me tell you that lady can dance, but how do you not sure was the real Ellen or the fake one mm-hmm? You know. No I saw the fake know that she sucks she. Doesn't she can't [ __ ] do [ __ ] like ellentube, it sound like a porn site, yeah good, like it's got a watermark on this. It says Alan -. It sounds like we're. People like, like Ellen, parody porn, we're like people, dress up like Ellen and then have lesbian sex or something or they like try having sex with the man for the first time that she likes it, but she didn't realize. Why is this 70 town? We got the joke, maybe and maybe in one episode like yeah she's, like look under your seat and then there's like a sex toy there and then turned it to a huge orgy. No, she doesn't get the look under. You see that's Oprah. Well, she does it everyone. Does it look under see it's that one - Beulah? This is my family. Lt was a dirty dirty place, guys now I get sued by Owen we're getting sued today, wherever mine CNN, oh my god, we're just going to leave the country of that like give up, be an American like people who collect, and what do you call it tickets like from there. You know how some people I wonder: car like a million tickets, they just gave out right right we're going to be like that lawsuit, yeah, yeah, yeah, another lawsuit, fine, Marty and debt, like fifty million dollars just another parking ticket. You should applaud yourself. That's really it's really tough to because you know nobody's watching you don't think so. We set up hidden cameras just to make sure so watch how honest this lady is right here watching the videos. Do you think it's fake I mean III, wouldn't I would not doubt it for a salute. Split. Second I tell you why the way they're it's almost like they were doing it for the video, that's roll is gonna, say is: do they probably wouldn't know like? No one would say that though, if it was real bill just say, take another one. For my girlfriend, but they're with their friends they're having a great time, I get the feeling that it's fake year, then you're, probably right, I, was going to say it's watching. These like run women like freaking out over Ellen merch, is something to behold. Here's a hat! This is al-anon. It's not that big of a deal you guys I, wouldn't even recommend wearing that in public. But what do I know so she's warded it pretty sounds inside. So you put that back and you weren't going to take it and you own it. So I have the Hat for you that's the way I got the story. Was that you it's getting there boiler alert, okay, I, guess: I, shouldn't watch yo, get back! Sorry, spoiler, alert! Okay! That's for you! For being honest! You don't have to buy it. Now. Look! Here's a $10, merch shot! Congratulations hit that that's so amazing I mean any and you could have taken more than one thing and you didn't, except for these. Ladies right here, [Music], okay, I'm gonna go [Music]! Oh there! She is oh! So this one it gets really really rough. Okay, [Music] [Music], so so these girl, I guess what happened was Alan said as part of her social experiment, she's a YouTube prankster. Now she says to our audience over. You can have one free item so embarrassing that dude thank God. So this okay does the does the punishment fit the crime? I, don't think you know yeah I, don't think so either. So this one girl who's in the audience now and she taped her under in secrecy, took like an extra pin. I can't imagine that pin cost more than five dollars. No, and so now she's got her on the camera, showing her crime and humiliate people. Watch Ellen like 5 million people yeah. So you pretty much ruined I mean kind of ruin at her, like I, was so quick to say that it's got to be fake because, like what's the I don't know, maybe they need their permission right? Well, no, no! No! They get their permission because her own words well before they they sign a release when they go on the show cuz they're in the audience too, they sign a release before they even enter the building. They all sign releases- hmm, definitely that's so embarrassing, so like yeah. So let's, let's measure the crime and the punishment here so she's here being absolutely humiliated, not just in the crowd but to everyone watching. That's five: that's million everyone who knows her is going to see this [Music]. Then she goes back and she returns one of her stolen items and in which is it on fire. Well, she didn't I'll, go an additional item yeah. It shows some character like she didn't steal. Any more I mean I was like this [ __ ] stole one of my hats, and now I'm gonna ruin her life. Can you imagine like she's in your employee or you're dating this girl and you're like this? This I mean I. Don't know that she did do that. I'm very conflicted on this, but let's continue. This has got to be one of the more I, never and I uncomfortable things. I've ever seen on television like I, don't know where she gets off with this moral high ground -. It's like this. Woman probably makes twenty five thousand dollars a year. Yeah Alan's a billionaire and she's she's sitting up there, educating people in the morals of not stealing a $10 hat and you're like listen in her mind, I'm kind of okay, with her being like this is a billy. This is they make so much [ __, ] money, I can steal a hat and nobody cares. I get paid a thousand dollars a month, [ __ ] it oh yeah. It's not that crazy. It's not like she stole a car, I mean there's different levels of theft. I'm just coming. You know it's just that's not cool! So what's so embarrassing, it's on her. It's so over the top and Ellen sitting up there like the judge and jury she's like George Washington, the white power, powdered wig. It's like that, you're a billionaire. What do you know about poverty? Hello, hi? What's your high sister couldn't come so that was her souvenir yeah? Yes, our rowdy people sisters couldn't come. So what is your name? Nancy Nancy saw I'm Nancy. What do you think about it? A bit my disgust at it makes me dislike. Ellen yeah, it's not cool I. Don't know like it's. Just a hat all this unmerge hat of March, like all the sudden you're in the show, and then the cameras on you and Ellen on television when the most popular shows in America. Also like interning, you in case your boss, didn't realize you just saw you on TV. What's your name yeah, what's your name where you live? Can I get you Social Security number. Do you mind if I send this to everyone? You know so uh look I like that. You like the product so much that you wanted to bring one back for your sister but um. Now when you go like to Costco or or you're the kind of person like when you go trick-or-treating and nobody's home, you don't just take that you take the bowl, you just walk away. No, no, listen! I, I, really she's! Actually, the type of person that would like cheat on your spouse, your this you're, the type of person you're the type of person that, if keys, were in a car you just get up and take it right. The the stuffs were there for free right, so they were like supposed to take one yeah. It's so not the same as stealing from Costco, not even not even close. Also. She took your merge hat. That's free promotion for you. If your sister wears it on the street. It's like shut up. It's your merge. She should have stolen yeah, of course. Well that's just let's say that still is wrong. Let's acknowledge that right away, but Ella and so grow your billionaire ass off that [ __ ] high horse. You give you faced elf, looking dancer, I, don't get Alan, I'm, sorry, I! Just don't get Alan I understand the appeal. I, don't think she's funny I, don't think she's charming, I'm! Sorry, I, don't get Alan. What about Lucas yaqoub yuck I find him more interesting than Alan, but it's his dream to be on this show. Well, he's got to do a start, stealing [, __, ], I'm. Sorry, that's embarrassing and everything. But you know let that be a lesson to you. Cuz. You think you think nobody's watching you and you just need to be a good person just because you want to be a good person. You go sit in that Ellen jail over there right now. This is so [ __ ], [Applause], yo, kids. This is so fun stuff back there come here. This is still hard to watch he's putting her and it's fair on the stage I made like a grade for section to it. What's your sister's name, I know that when you, when you feel better I'd like shavers and your back yeah I just felt about you got the Korean shivers, we need to get the masks in here. The whole hazmat suits Anna got you in big trouble [Music]. So they they not okay, I guess Alan, maybe thought it was just like a playful haha funny thing, but they loved this clip so much. They actually upload it on her Channel I thought. I actually think it's disgusting I'm horrified by this. It's got time. Nine point: two million views, that's like that's a large percentage of the whole of American population now knows. Oh comments. Are disabled Wow way to be brave Alan? You know what [ __ ] you Alan. If you could have pulled this [ __ ], you don't disable the comments you take the heat for it seriously. I got beef with Ellen. Now this shit's out not cool and by the way, I think that lady seems like not that good of a person not even like her I, had a bad reception of her. But that's being said, I, don't like anyone involved in this video, [, __ ] me that is so stupid. We could all be creamed. Jack I know I, just like it. Everyone's spamming, the cringe loco and uh that is seriously so [ __ ] up I, don't get Alan. Look at her. This is her logo. She's, like hiding and crawling you ever watched a long segment. I watched and I'm always in disbelief like why? Why? What is this? Why I, don't know Eli you're a woman. Tell me why do people like Ellen? What do you think that all women either while I, explain it to me? Yes, women, love Ellen, you just you know she has like you just outraged all of the women in the world. I, don't watch out, I, don't know: I watch Ricki Lake! Oh, yes, champs! Oh! That about this knees. No, this needs went away. That's almost that's even worse than the sneeze itself. So it's been! Oh, it's 420! How about that you wanna do a spot, I wanna wait! Has it been an hour and a half ready kind of what alright? Let's take a moment, let's think if I could treat an hour and a half, or did we start late, not that late yeah, let's, let's um, we got a. We got to talk about our sponsors, so let's get into that. Let's I'm actually hungry, let's do naturebox! So, as we spoke about and the last time one of the previous episodes naturebox is a snack company who has online snacks. This is what they wrote. So I want to read. I have comp I, don't know if I should read the copy or do my own thing. Let me try reading the coffee three days. We all want to eat better, but when it comes to snacks, sometimes it feels like the whole world is delicious in a billion calories, first, boring and tasteless. It doesn't have to be that way up your snack game with nature. Hogs, oh, is that is that effective nature walks has over a hundred snacks that taste good and are actually better for you. All snacks are made from high-quality, simple agrees, which means no one are free to go to Sweden. So you can feel good about what you're eating you get the idea there dank ass, healthy, fresh snacks that you get online now, here's the best part you they're, healthy and they're great you order them because they're bomb and here's the great part. If you go to nature box.com, /h 3, you get 3 free snacks, wow, that's a great offer, pretty good. You support the show. Thank you for doing that and you get three free snacks. Well, last time we talked about nature snack, we didn't have the stacks, but we ordered them. Let's give em a try all right, so where we get, we got salt and pepper little bloop. Oh, my god, turning to a smorgasbord find everything, some pepper, a little oops nice, oh yeah, that's healthy, but is oh damn, not bad where's. My listen to me crunch. Try that corn sticks, oh [, __ ] or the bomb. Oh whoa, hello, I, like it I like this one, better janna fake one sticks. So now everyone at home, loot, look under. You sit look under your seat. Actually you don't need to do that. Just go to nature. Box.Com / h3 and you can get three free, healthy and delicious snacks. Sniper is coming the link in the check snipes. Thank you Dad. These are actually good eyes want to eat these guys eat this traumatic I just want to tell everyone a little footnote about snipers. You do should I wait until we finish this. Oh just how you consol it so snipers is our friend Nile and he started a little clothing line company on his own called pearly whites and I'm actually wearing this shirt from them. I love him snipers is one of my good old, YouTube friends. We're constantly such a long time. I was had a fondness in my heart for any such a great will: dude pearly whites yeah, but nothing oppressive white. Lastly, to be talking about naturebox, one of them paid, it's all really good, actually so try! This I did all my druthers steel ride, Shah, cashews, surly, coffee, kettle, corn, dried out! This is really entertaining all right. For me, this is, that's probably show so this is the one I was waiting for Syrah chopped roasted cashews. This is the one I had my own, hmm delicious, so good. The coffee, popcorn I was going to that. One I think this is my favorite, the corn, one that I honestly they're all going to do they're all likely better than any snack. You can find the grocery store for my money. So all those it's my key, you search your bite. Pens are good Sam. We just canceled the show want to eat much Madison naturebox, calm. The show support our sponsor, who we love and appreciate have a really great product. Those are delicious snacks. Thank you to them. Thank you. You guys we got links in the chat, Lincoln, bio, leek and bio. So a nuts like a god Church, oh this shirt that I'm wearing, is already sold. That's crazy! So now yeah now sold out of all the [ __ ]. Well, you guys get the link on that naturebox [ __, ] cool yeah! Next up we have another sponsor. You know you love them me on DS. We've previously spoke about me on DS. Let me do a cut low copy right here me on DS is the softest most comfortable underwear, you'll ever wear period and the summer is the perfect time to upgrade your underwear drawers, because your balls get super sweaty they doing right and that's our fun. Just can't can save that babka douche! That's why you need me undies, it's always say you're just going to read it was that good. Was that not good baba ganoush? Where was I baba? Ganoush normal cotton? Listen it's summer! It's hot I, don't know where you live, but in LA it's a hundred degrees right now, these normal underwear, it's like a swamp down there, but when I wear my undies, it's like a nasty swamp with like sulfur gas and [ __ ], like creatures, there's no I got a beautiful new life, sprit well I'm, getting to new life crawling out of my underwear. It's like a petri dish disgusting, but with my undies soft breathable, wonderful and great, look and feel and great they are the ultimate feel-good undies. Every pair of neon DS is sustainably sourced, made for Michael or micro middle of fabric. That's three times softer than cotton I like that. They actually have like a measurement of that scientists have crunched the numbers and it's three times softer than conscious glad that we have a measure. Really. It is actually insane Mikayla comfortable, I love, I love. We got several pairs from them and I wear them whenever they're clean, okay! Well, you know good I know some people who are in dirty I had a friend of college. She would wear the same underwear for like gross. You know who it is. His name starts with the K yeah. He would. He would wear the same underwear and socks for a week. I would like to and he's like a big nasty hairy, sweaty guy and we're like dude that isn't now and he's like. No we're like. Don't you ever like smell your underwear, I feel like one day and you've just had your head back at in disgust and like I smell it. It smells fine I'm, like Dawg, get your nose check with your disgusting monster, so that was just a bit of a side, but with me on days you can wear these for a week says right here. You can wear them for a week and not create new organisms in your crotch tip me on DS. Does it say another? Don't say it I'm, not saying it does not say that I'm not there copy, but here is their copy. You got to see them for yourself and right now. Here: listen up, 20% off your first pair and receive free shipping. Only at me on Descamps / h3 you get 20% off and free shipping. You got nothing to lose. You get this uncredible. The softest pair of underwear, you've ever felt in your life. Free shipping me Andes, comm, /h, the read America. We get nuts spammed in the comments yep. Let's take a look at their website really fast, because just so I can show you, because we don't have a parent here to show you guys me and these calm / h3. Let me just show you what kind of stuff they got just to give you an idea gross! Oh, that's it gross colors cross! Colors I'm, like you, know, I'm, not sure, that's the best marketing approach anyway, they've got all you know they got everything. You guys know what underwear looks like, but this one is very soft and it's great you get the idea and markiplier loves them. When we were talking about with Mark, he was freaking out. How do I find more options? There's boxer briefs trunks boxers briefs, yeah, oh, they have crew, necks and stuff interesting yeah. I bet those are great. Okay enough about that. Thank you for supporting okay. We love our sponsors and we love our fans. If you want to support the show, consider picking up some underwear or some snacks- god bless you all right crash, so my let's take five minutes run to the bathroom yeah guys. We have honestly so much great stuff still to talk about. If you leave right now, I just have a really bad feeling. I have a really bad feeling, I'm, not saying something's going to happen. I, don't know what could possibly happen. But if you leave check under your seat when you get back regula and then yep, okay, well, I'm gonna run the bathroom. There's going to be really quick, break, we'll be right back, don't leave something horrible is going to happen. I know it welcome back everybody to top of the month. H3 podcast. We have a lot of content left, do not go anywhere because we are just getting started up. Next is D bill? Cosby, hey, hey, hey! You know about that yeah. So, as as many of you probably know, Bill Cosby was recently accused of raping. Like a thousand ladies I mean this guy is like a rape. Enthusiast apparently raping is like breathing to Bill Cosby. Apparently he takes a breath and also- and he raped someone all these times. He was trying to sell us all jello, well we're in the jello exactly what wasn't it, because you see now gel is made it's like powder and water, and you see how people do date: rape, drugs, it's like a little powder and a drink, it's soaked date. Rape is so close to making jello. It makes me wonder what has been in the jello all these years anyway. So let's watch the video so when he gets out of court, this is what happens during a one of his court dates [Music], so beat in the muck, get in the mind of Bill Cosby. If you can it's walking out of court, if you got something like that, he would do and in one of his shows or something it's not. It's from an old show called Fat Albert. Okay, his slogan was: hey, hey, hey! So it's doing a meme, but a little bit of a bad timing, a little a little bit just a tiny bit so get into the mind of Bill Cosby. If you can he's coming out of court, people are asking him a day. You know. Do you have any comment, you raped everybody, everybody spit rape and then his mind. The appropriate response to all this is hey I, don't know if he's lost it was it funny. Maybe it's funny. Nothing is really funny in that situation. Yeah there's not much. Humor left there honestly well, Chappelle had a great what was Chappelle's want. Was it Chappelle who said he rapes, but he saves yeah well in his Netflix allyship I could throw that up. If you guys haven't seen Dave Chappelle's Netflix special, you gotta check it out. He has a great bit about Bill Cosby, he rapes, but he saves. Does the rape outweigh all the good? He did for community sorry to say he rapes, but he saves and he goes: hey, hey, hey, so he's still trying to entertain the people yeah, oh god, its next, the whole Bill Cosby thing I'm fascinated by he. Let you stop trying to stop trying to get me to go. You probably should, because we have so much talk well, but I got to talk about Bill Cosby. That guy is fascinating. He like was such a huge advocate for block rights and advancing the black artists in the community itself. That's what they suppose yeah and but how do you as a person live with that duality of, like I'm he's super high every time he talked it was all from, like the high ground, a moralistic, high ground, like I'm Bill, Cosby I'm, doing all this great thing for the world. How can you on one hand be that person but at on the other hand, just be raping people like crazy? It's complicated in the world, people always go. People are messy. This is the common OS. People are messy and life's messy. It's like yeah I, accept that, but you're I mean you're raped. You raping people like you mix jello, it's a tricky question. Does the good he did outweigh great go. Ask someone we're not well by psychology to tell you about that. Is it possible to separate them to be like the good? The bad was good. The bad was bad. We don't need to mix them because he as a as a person, he's a piece of [ __, ] I, don't know because this [ __ ] is insane it's not trying to rape someone you got to do it once it's pretty rough. Something is like whatever I don't know. What's going on in his mind, I, don't think I. You know if I screw down figure that out yeah, because you know like he raped one person, it's like man that that was good, bad or good or whatever, but I like the 30th one he's like I'm, getting pretty good at this rape thing I, wonder if you like, streamlined it, I, don't like talking about it. It's too heavy! You don't talk about streamlined rape, no I, don't like a McDonald's hamburger. Alright, let's move on, he was getting uncomfortable about Bill Cosby. Well, if you're getting got a problem to do that, you have a serious problem. Obviously it's fascinating! Alright, you love! You sorry, accept my apology. I'll leave you with this. What's that haunt your dreams, Gila moving on to you, I, have only this to say: ela, hey! Let's move on this one I hate to watch it, but I have to because I'm friends with jesse wellens, I love the guy I actually really like him, he's a really cool great guy, but he recently jesse wellens from prankvsprank on youtube. You guys know who he is. He was hosting an event at e3 this year and this has got to be one of the most brutal cringe things I've seen in a long long time, but it's so fascinating and great to watch me open this up when I'm done good. Ok, so I'll give a little back story. I'm gonna hate you for watching. Why is he gonna hate me? He made a video about on his channel. I have to acknowledge it. Yeah wait this one's missing the beginning. Let me see if there's a better version: ok yeah, this one's better, so I'm! Sorry getting this turn like look at this tournament. It cracks me the [, __ ] up. So what he said in his video is like him. He thought he wasn't on for another ten minutes, so they're like Jesse you're on, and so he wasn't efficient whatever. He was even ready. Yeah I thought the term when I first watched he's trying to be cool, but he's just a deer in headlights. Whatup guys. Thank you for having me ei. If you guys don't know who I am I wonder if he was almost like what up pants well, that's his slogan is the what up peeps yeah and when me and and we're making a parody of YouTube vloggers. We said what up pimps. My name is jesse, wellens and now I can't stop saying it. I am a YouTube creator, so I am here to talk about need for speed, wait. This is anything a little bit payback. If you guys didn't know Nicci payback. Oh god, don't do that. I didn't just play the clip. I'm bung yeah, it's great good, but I also decide I mean YouTube. Creator defeat hey! This is so brutal, yeah I'm, you feel traitor I'll set aside coming out and then what is he? He says his name and then introduces him from a different name. It's really funny. I got my blue mark his executive party out here. He is the producer of the game. Thank You Nick, my boy mark is good Thank, You Nick, that's my favorite and then he'd like shutters on it. So it's like Thank, You, Nick, I, love Jesse. What happen, though, I didn't want to is we can walk nation about it. Well, I can I can I can defend them pretty well. I think. The reason why this is so fascinating to me is because I see myself there I know I may do like I can see this happening to me. Oh yeah. It's way it's way too close to home, like we recently did the livestream care star breeze in the I, didn't for the announcing the payday 2 DLC, which I'm very excited about by the way we've been doing voiceover for that it's been really fun. He'll has been mm-hmm just to go on a little tangent, we've been doing voiceover for the DLC payday 2 they're, adding me Neil as playable characters. It should be coming out in a couple months and ela has been hailing it on the voiceover. It was really hard for me first and then they brought someone like a voice acting coach, their cylinder held me they're, so nice, and it was actually really helpful. Really either was like listen I can't because we went and did it once for trial and in all fairness like you couldn't get loud and you you were had trouble like I had no. When we got into this whole thing, I had no idea what it was actually going to be like. Actually, we have to do like 300 pages of lines like we have to do like 20 hours of studio, recording of voiceover, and you need to yell and like being in character. So so at first they're, like ela was like listen. She was feeling really bad she's like I. Don't think I can do this and she wrote our contact there and she's like if you want to cut me and just do ela or just do Ethan I, totally understand and they're. Such gracious great people they're like they're, like [, __, ], no, we're, including you ela kleiner for life, and they got her a voice. Coach yeah, an acting coach and they've been doing sessions together and we went in yesterday for voiceover and he'll. It was like crushing it all like holy [, __ ] I was so impressed. It's pretty cool, though I'm just I'm really excited for that to come out, it's gonna be a ton of fun. I can't wait for that anyway, back to this story, so anyway, I was saying we did a stream for them. We flew out to Sweden and did this whole big live stream? We're mean Eva were guests on there and I was so nervous that OH cause what happened. Why does idubbbz get away with it? But I can't he's not sitting here. I, don't know. What's up where's Oh, guys, hey, sorry, sorry I should have apologized sooner, but I thought that I was going to. This was going to be me on that live stream and there's something horrible horrible I've liked here we're in our studio. It's in our environment, yeah, you know, but there it's like in their environment and you're talking about [, __ ] at least I didn't have a script. The script, if I I can't do scripts. I think my dyslexia, like any time like we did that video with Vsauce yeah. Oh, my god, you guys I'm so [, __, ], dumb, like we did this video with Vsauce and I, had like three lines. First script and it took me like an hour: it was so brutal to get it right. I got it right at once and I. Don't think it was very good they're, like ok, coke, a good wrap it wrap it wrap it. Oh my god, I can't do lines so anyway. My heart goes up to Jesse, yeah I, so bad, but he was saying essentially like he was super nervous about doing it. From the beginning. The teleprompter was all messed up, it was unsynched and it was different from what he had rehearsed and then the best part is like the beginning. Just kills me like look at this. Can you imagine like Jesse, Jesse you're on and he's like what? What up what up guys? Thank you for having me EA. If you guys don't know who I am my name is jesse wellens and I? Am a YouTube like and he's like playing it so hard like I hope that it goes sleeper, so I am here too. Alright we'd have to watch this again or do we know anyway. My heart goes out to you: Jesse, hey guy, what a haps we're actually hopefully gonna do a collaboration with them soon we want to do a lookbook. We're like all these looks that I've done all these goofy ht3 memes, because Jesse actually does like serious lookbook videos that are super well shot. Editing super talented filmmaker, so we thought it'd be funny to have that professional style, filming and editing. But with my looks instead of like an actual song yeah, hopefully we can do that soon. He'll be great. What do you want to watch? Sting embarrassed by cover dude gets caught. Breaking in. That was amazing. This is a good one. You wanna watch out. Let's watch all them: [ __ ] it we agreement so man, this one's, pretty brutal, so Pierce Morgan is on I. Don't know really the back story here, but he hosts the show with Susan, Susanna, Reid and I I guess this guy's must be pretty annoying because it seems, like everybody has had it up to here with him and well. This is just a great moment. We agree when people start banging on about politics on Facebook. I really annoys me: I've had to unfriend the family members, because this is how I can't, but please I need some respite. Can't you just put a picture of your little kid so having an ice-cream yeah when someone just keeps going on and on and on, and you just need rest sigh and a break, and you just wish you can see from them and but you just forced every day to listen to their views. I know exactly how you feel she's talking about him and he's just like. What's aw [ __ ] Tobin, it's awesome look at for the best part there, because it seems like a meme right and I love. The camera work they keep getting. Those like a Mickey thing closes of a spade response. Can't you just put a [ __ ] and when she finished they just moved right pasty. He didn't even say anything about it. So I think he was clearly very butter during your little kid having an ice cream I, don't know the hands, they have banter a lot so who the [ __ ] knows: yeah I'm trust anything I see on television. Unless it's on shark tank I buy everything there, I love sharks. Hey can I talk about that. As a my new obsession, the best show shark tank. You expect it to be really stupid mm-hmm, but it's amazing. It's so good and I love that there's no like fake drama. They don't try to make you cry every time. Sometimes, every time like some, you know, someone has a sad story. They let him say it and then everyone's like I'm out yeah, but it's real. It's actually like the real reality show where they have these investors and they actually have their money on the line that they do. Look back on people and see how the deals are doing. It's fascinating. It's like educational, it's dramatic! It's oh I, love that show I didn't expect to check out Shark Tank. Everyone is probably already like we're late to the game. We just started watching it for somebody. I feel like I'm, like talking I just discovered this new show shark tank. Have you guys heard of it every time I cooked something lucky I've been watching, appears yeah, I, don't watch TV I, don't know. What's going on there? Have you guys heard about the show Seinfeld I just discovered it? Have you heard of Seinfeld surprisingly funny show all right. Next up. This was great, so apparently stink, you guys know the the rock musician he's being honored in this ceremony and they have this performer playing the song fact. His famous song back to him every step you take, and it's really an awful version. I'm surprised that that that this is who they got for this and you can see sting as [ __, ] hates it. You can't even hide his disgust, it's pretty surprising [Music]! What's that finding with a good time [Music], it sounds pretty bad, some very amateur, every breath you take every move, you make every bond, you break every oh I'll be watching you I mean it's like pretty amateur. It's not that bad. Honestly, it's a little goofing to begin every shuttle, ding reaction. What kills it does every word you say, but every game you play every night, you stay I'll, be watching! Oh, my god. You can't even hide his suggestion, like you think and they're zooming in on it they're, making it so much awkward. Anybody what you think it's his awards ceremony. So you think that he would be on at least like smile and play along. So imagine how much this cover is actually discussing him. He looks like he's actually in pain. He probably is [Music], but everywhere everywhere you see, value-free I got that now, just listen! The thing is in having them. You take I'll, be watching you [Music] get all of this. My my you have to tear you doing. [Music] I love this slow, zooming pan. They have on his leg, all right laughter that should resting wrist. People are saying: oh, is that cart, guitar player, blind I, don't think so he's just one of those cool last folks with classes dude gets caught breaking, and this is a classic. This one is not from this month, but I haven't talked about it. Yet so, let's go. Have you seen this Gila you're gonna love this? No, it's called - dude gets caught, trying to break into his neighbor's house. Who was watching the whole time you imagine. People are saying that is blind and we just made fun of him. I didn't make fun of him for being blind. What just good someone's blind you can't talk. [, __ ] on them, also I'd, even pile it on him. Read! Oh my god he's blind! You can't seem to even talk about him. God forbid! Anybody has some kind of disability. Well, I have no idea. I don't know. Leave me alone. Leave me out of this I. Don't care if he's blind dude, so you sucks at playing guitar. You can be blind and good and playing music I'm, not saying that if you're blind, you can't play music good, you could still suck at [. __ ]. Is that a revelation? A war is I'm, not bad, all right. Let's watch it. [ __ ] that blind guy. Why did he see why don't you see idiot work on your vision, dum-dum before you pick up a guitar I hate blind people right, EULA I was trying to watch this by the way. I wasn't doing anything. The problem throughout was doing anything. I promise. Look at this [ __ ] guy's faded. This is the kind of guy he looks like he was breaking into like sniff, his underwear or something he's. Not you didn't wanna steal anything. You just want to give us undo this no thumbs. I! Wasn't you know, I? Wasn't you I wasn't I wasn't question I was trying to cook into you like this more the most pathetic video. This spotted guy man get Michael. If I don't stop trying to [ __ ] have much more to do it on I swear to god. Dude dude I was not bring in your house dude. We think he was breaking in to steal, [, __ ] or to smells underwear. Finally, smell I know that's what I think too cuz it's his neighbor like you can't steal, [, __ ] and go next door. That is so weird. Do you think he was there smell his underwear jizz under his pillow I, don't know, but I think it was up to something weird, definitely up to something weird. He wasn't after monetary gain. He was after weird sexual gratification. That's my hunch. I was in dude. He says just excuses. If they confused was that his lock was [ __ ] up, so he was troubleshooting to learn how to fix his lock on his door. Really that's what he said. Yeah nothing crazier helps to hear me. Did you hear me, do my doorstop number I was trying to [ __ ] get another door, follow me how to do it and I'm sorting out with a song at Ranger house. My mom talked to my decision. It's like laying on the ground. I mean this is a special kind of video yeah. A special kind of Ville you don't come around often we need to cherish these moments, footage from the people to him on the ground. Please just get up and leave Doug Doug. Do you hear me? Remember I told you their name break my Scrolls about that us about that. For video. Where is Ellen now? Can we get yet? There is contood, alright house, one any call material, you have anything add. No. The special kind of video does not come around every day. Mexic. Okay, this is a great one. Mexican smash face and cake meme is what I wrote. I have a great story that goes along with this. So apparently Mexicans have a tradition that when it's your birthday, you smash the person's head into the cake as they're singing really yeah. That's what my dad told me. He they lived in Mexico for five years and I have a story that corroborates this. So they have this tradition that they smash your head into the cake. Are these people Mexican am I an [ __ ], because that were weapons wearing a headscarf? Oh, my god, they're, not Mexican. Oh [, __ ]. Loser what the [ __ ]- oh my god, alright I apologize! You just wanted to tell you a story. I'll tell the story spill, but ok, [, __, ] me, I, apologize Mexicans are not represent every race in the world. All people of color are not the same Christ. That was embarrassing. What I thought I had to Garbo's like I'm, a white guy I just became a white guy, officially, alright, whatever ah [ __ ] [, __, ], [Music] friends like visa. Let me let me shove my friend, my god, the cameos yeah I just thought about it. Wow, like that's like a lot of fire. Imagine if you didn't, he would what the [ __ ], what friends like these, who needs enemies, having a laugh Allah. So anyway, here's my story. Okay, my story about Mexican still stands all right. Let's just pretend these were Mexicans for the sake of the story. Does that work can I do that? Mmm? Okay, these weren't! Let me have a sip silly. So when I was like five I was at a Mexican restaurant and we went there for my dad's birthday and my dad being the [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] that he is yeah. Can you imagine doing this to your poor son? We go to this Mexican restaurant and it's his birthday and when we get there he says it's. My son Ethan's birthday, hmm! So when we finish eating all they all come out and they bring me a piece of cake and they're singing to me. I'm a young kid I'm confused I'm like it's, not my birthday, so he was just pranking you. He was pranking me, but here's when it gets weird we're uh when they're done when they're done singing, they had me blow out on the candle. It's just one candle not like a scorching inferno like we saw here and they shove my face full power into the cake they who the server's the waiters no way I swear to God and then I wasn't prepared at all who the [ __ ] prepared for that it gets in my nose in my mouth I'm choking and I puke at the table and I'm crying I'm bawling. My eyes are not puking. My mom runs me into the bathroom I'm, a young child I. My my dad fought to be fair. He didn't know that happened. The waiters just did that to you. They shoved into the [ __ ] cake and I like inhaled and then I puked on the table as one of my most transformative childhood memories like okay. Do you always pick on the cake yeah all over myself? Oh my god like clearly, he didn't know that they would like what I have restaurant. It was a really big popular restaurant in our town center. Oh wow, it's at a business now make sense they shoved one too many faces in case, but I don't know. I still give my dad shifts that more like they give me [ __ ], for that people are still getting [, __ ] for that to this day. That has nothing to do with the people in this video in any way at all. Okay, let's move on next, we need more icon to anymore -, which icon we need like a and sound for, like now, oh you're, so true, Dan I want to get a soundboard where we get like slamming Bradbury's and necks. So, like you, can you can be like the audio engineer? Are you up for that cool? Oh yeah I want to get weird and wild with the show. We can step this up to weirder parts, Ethan hates blind guys, thanks guys, plus one the name of this episode. I just saw someone post that in the comments all right, let's move it on dude goats, caught breaking in Mexicans scratch out. Mexicans people smashing face and cake me too late. So this Instagram model that we've been talking about recently wasn't in Christian burns, yep a keemstar. God bless his soul, posted a video of him trying to stab someone I'm getting a little concerned about this guy I'm thinking that we probably shouldn't make fun. So he clearly is very unstable person mm-hmm, which makes me content yeah. We shouldn't watch this video regardless we're gonna, watch the video, but keep in mind that he probably needs help. This isn't like funny at this point, but he's in this house with all these [ __ ] boys mm-hmm. The people in this house are incredible. I haven't sinned, as are you serious you know, so let me just play it anyway. The stories he's trying to stab someone in this house that they're all sharing [Music] telling you it's like the real world with no cameras drop the knife. Who are all these people Wow? What happened like beyond creation trying to stab someone like? How did we get all these people in the one house? This is Los Angeles in basically one short, video, okay, christ, almighty, that's crazy, so the dude is a little unstable yeah he's out there he's trying to stab people. It's not cool. Give him a break. I think give him a break he's a meme with a knife. Name is one thing, but a meme with a knife. It's a whole different ball game should I keep watching it nah. Thank you. Andy I get the idea again: who's [ __ ]. No, so go easy on the poor. Why did can't start wit it? It came, started, he's a garden gnome. What connections all over the place, this one's, fascinating, polygon article about Anita sarkeesian, you guys all know, Anita sarkeesian, I actually didn't know her before historian, really so she's, one of the most prompt, this New Age, very prominent feminist and I've. Seen some of her videos called feminist frequency where she talks about how video games are. Misogynistic and I am NOT extremely familiar with her work and all fairness to her I can't I. Don't feel well informed enough to make a full assessment of who she is and what she does. But I asked you in one of her videos where she's looking at like hitman, two and she's, like showing a clip of the main protagonist walking through a strip joint and like she's like this is obvious that there's sex toys and that the character can do whatever he wants with her, and she shows footage of the character like assassinating strippers and doing all these horrible things and she's like this character. This game is super misogynistic and promotes really dangerous, rapey behavior and then, when you actually play the game, you find out that you lose money. You you get penalized by hurting the strippers in any way. Okay, it's a stealth mission you're not supposed to kill the strippers. That's not the objective of the game, that's what she made it sound like. So she really she's, not very honest in this interview, and so recently what happened? Was this guy sargon of akkad again not super familiar with his work? So I can't make a judgment call about his character, but he was sitting in at a panel at VidCon about what was it feminine or women on on the internet or something she was having a panel write about women on internet and I will say this I'm not talking to the panel itself. I, don't I, don't know what they were talking about. I think that women do have a heart on the internet, so I'm not gonna like attack that but I mean like, but this guy's are gonna cut. Who she's had beef with in the past was sitting in the front row and she says some [ __ ] like she says, he's sitting there and I mean he was just sitting there. He didn't say anything right. He didn't say nothing. I can see. It obviously like there's, obviously been beef between guns and any sitting there. It's probe on her panel yeah. It's definitely provocative, but he didn't say anything, and so she calls him human garbage with unprovoked. She said some really horrible things. Where was it I can see. Let me find what she said to make actually Anita sarkeesian um. What was his name Sargon Sargon of Akkad, oh yeah, and apparently there was something with boogie 2 with her. Oh yeah man. You know, there's a video of it for some reason: I can't find it. She honestly seems like a really rude person based on my I'm really kind of rude Mead person, but to the best of my recollection, she says something like cumin garbage like I'd like to talk about this, but there's human garbage sitting on the front page on the front row, not willing to engage him and just being super rude and not having a fruitful debate just being extremely rude, and she was also super rude to buggy. Who apparently did uh was on stage with her, and he said something that she didn't agree with and afterwards she was like that was super inappropriate and got like triggered by something completely the sweetest most non-confrontational person in the world. So anyway, polygon writes this article about the situation that I found was really saying. I need to sarkeesian is astounding, garbage human moment. Feminist speaker hits back at trolls and haters, so this is polygon, which was kind of interesting to see how the media covers these kind of things, because it seemed like a they shared. The blame I would say they shared the blame in the situation. He was provocative. She ultimately did not take the high road she was committed. I think like. If someone does that you got a just shot and you know you got to shut up and take it and still have your panel. Yeah I would be like hey, welcome, I hope you can have a civil debate. Yeah I'm glad you're here. Let's, let's talk about this right, so he was prerogative, but she took it to a really unproductive and rude level. So here's how here's, how polygons covered this a faux camera is trained on Anita sarkeesian as she prepares to speak on a panel and footage later posted online. The camera wall was slightly. Ok, I don't need the [ __ ] colorful language, some. What happens after so many public appearances circadian has grown accustomed to speaking in front of a few hundred people, but but but today she feels a certain intimidation crowd of her most ferocious critics, including youtubers, sit together in the front row their forms their phones pointed at her. The camera carefully follows her. As she acknowledged is her co-panelists and she checks her surroundings. Then she looks directly into the camera. She looks at the man holding the camera sitting in front of a row. Carl benjamin is a british youtube personality. Let's get on with it. He's made me I'm. Just gonna read the [ __ ] Carl Benjamin, that's sarkeesian, I assume as a British YouTube personality and was late 30s. He has spoken Sargon yeah, he said Sergei, oh [, __, ], that's rough. He spoken about sarkeesian and her work, some of it. Some of his videos are thumbnails with ludicrously photoshopped images of sarkeesian. At the time of writing. His twitter page is bannered. With pictures of sarkeesian bedroom has made his name dismissing her feminist documentary work such as tropes vs. women in video games. That's when I was talking about where she was super dishonest with her analysis which details the cultural bias and video games. He is a hero for many of the hate group, such as gamergate, a rough assemblage of misogynist, racist conspiracy, theorists and white wit ring ideologues who have spent years harassing sarkeesian, and anyone who publicly supports her work. That's so ridiculous, like you, can't be a critic of gamergate or you're, a right-wing harasser yeah. That's the new thing, though. That's the reality. Now you're criticize anything about your all, your all pride, it's your with us or against us I. Don't I think he is right. He's like I, don't know, I can't speak for him, he might be, but he might be all right, but his criticisms of her from what I've seen seem to be somewhat defensible, valid points anyway. I, don't know haven't seen her stuff anyway, but this is definitely what's going on here, where this really progressive, like radical, left their super anti free speech, and it comes to the point where you can't even like this is what we saw with humongous. If you, they are incapable of having a conversation, if you're against them, you're the [, __, ], enemy and you're, a racist misogynist, it's so unproductive it's great man, so most of his YouTube videos follow standard, reactionary protocols, the his mouth froth, the content reserved for feminists, a hot topic for men who feel afraid and threatened by progresses nice editorial dum-dum. Do you hear that? No he says his most frothy content is reserved for feminism, a hot topic for men who feel afraid and threatened by progressiveness who they dismiss as the regressive left. Well, that's really such a broad brush, yeah I'm not familiar with this content, but I feel like they say the same thing about me: yeah, it's true. Whenever we're criticized social justice warriors or say, social justice warriors than people think that we're all pride just articles too long that I knew I do serious, yeah I, don't my problem? Is that I don't know either of them? This is way longer than I thought holy crap anyway, that my my my reaction, essentially that but I did see the clip or she called you super river bridge, and it seems so done like if you wanted to be taken seriously, then still have your panel and let him sit there and let him be the you know the dumb dumb who came to annoy exactly here. Well, okay, this is a big long article, but here let me at least read how this ends when confronted with the consequence of appalling behavior. Those organizations that hosts abusive activities, including VidCon, YouTube, twitch and twitter, offer little more than pleasantries and useless palliative. They are ignoring their own urgent duty to show some courage to fully confront these awful displace of bullying. If individuals like Anita sarkeesian can stand up to such aggression, why can't these huge and powerful organizations get [ __ ] real? Alright, that's all at the same [ __ ], this [ __ ]. Oh no, I, don't know I, don't know what not you're right! I, don't know enough about it, but that approach that, like it's up to Twitter, YouTube and VidCon, to protect to shelter I saw what she said on that stage. It was very rude all right. Let's move on to [ __ ], this [ __ ]. This is a great one. This is an oldie and a Goldie, so these guys is a mega church pastor and he got into some hot water because he used church funds to buy himself a private jet to most people. That may seem excessive, but he had a very good excuse for why he spent Church money on - on a twenty million dollar private jet- and this isn't one of my favorite videos so feast your eyes. Well, first, before I read the script Amos chapter 6 brother Copeland I was flying home from a meeting and I had come out of a glorious meeting. I just found me in Creflo Dollar would preach. Ii had a glorious meeting, so I was for lack of a better way to say it. I was spiritually, hot people were saying, touched and blessed God in the plane that God so graciously gave us. We flying home as I was going home, the Lord real quickly suggesting do you like your plane? You know I thought, that's a hard statement. He gave us I agree it's odd at what point like these people are insane I mean they're criminals he's talking to God about a jet like if your God is so [ __ ] thing that he cares about airplanes. That is a weak-ass God. Listen to this ship! Well, certain memory said: do you really like it he's like playing game? Well, you, like it yeah I like it. Do you really like it I'm God the all-powerful and I'm going to spend my time talking to you about your jet is not comedy. Well, it is cup sorts and I thought. Well, yes Lord. He said. Then he said this. So that's it. I didn't know how to handle it, but man what what he said is likely, where I kept my I wanna and you gonna, let you fade stagnate and when he said that that shocked me I'm, like whoa, wait I literally unbuckle my seatbelt, my plane I stood up my pilot's look. What I said? Do you need something? That's no! No I'm talking to God right now, they picked me, went back to fly. I said a lot. I, don't think. I was letting my stagnate. He said so this is all I could ever do. I said you want that you you trying to tell me something he said: go to the Book of Amos. So if you had the Book of Amos, I want to read the script. Yes or second. This is great. This is amazing, some beautiful mind, [ __ ] out of God he's like listen. You guys are all angry that I spent twenty million dollars of church money on a private jet. Take it up with God I know, there's no way to verify this, but trust me God, told me he told me so God said by private jet in her listeners. He gets it gets better. You could have done that on an airliner, no sir, no way stand out and say what you say: law, no, okay, no, yes and the guy said no listen. What the hell he think he's doing. Dinky doo can't do that hell! No! You can't do that. I love that also to talk to God. Apparently you need to stand up and do this. Oh and I go they're both like helping each other here, oh yeah they're, both in on the comm deep in the con. Okay, so God like he's like you, can't ride coach and talk to God. You can't sit there like this. You need to do this. Get real look at these [ __ ] lunatics! These guys are mixing some jello. If you ask me, you know what I'm saying alright bring another lawsuit, I'm, just saying a joke. What what did I I didn't say anything! This is so important and those are visitors that are just now coming into these things in in the first plant. You think that guy dies is here. Yes, his face looks like a [ __ ] football Christ man. This is the low of the low two old [ __ ] peddling religion to get rich, justifying buying a private jet. Like my god, do they even believe what they're saying he's wearing like a Gucci shirt, so yeah I, don't know I, don't think so. Yeah I think at this level, they're just full-on self-aware. Con artists like there was this know about people who do stop believing they're on they drink their own kool-aid. So one of the most classic examples that to me was so eye-opening Randi the great long time ago there was a huge mega church pastor and he used to do these feats of miracles, where he would take out someone from the crowd and he would magically know their name know what was wrong with them. He would be like God is telling me there's a Jessica in the crowd and you have arthritis right and it was like spectacular. People were coming into like this is amazing. This oh, the thing is flashing. The camera mm is that a battery issue yeah hold on one sec. We got to change the battery on one of these cameras. All right. Just hang back chill back. We changed the bat you're on the white shot, Dan, okay, cool well, that was good. That's good! That indicates yeah chill back Pat's face almost ready for you. That's a message from God telling you to stop nope, that's just the camera! So anyway, back back to the story, so they're like this is a miracle. This is miraculous. This guy's doing this mega mega churches, there's thousands of people there and somehow he knows the name, and he knows the [ __ ] the illness, that people have it's amazing and he is taking tons of money. He's selling God to all these people. Thousands of people in the crowd, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousand people watching on television, mm-hmm donating millions of dollars, so Randy Newman is like this is fishy. Randy Newman dusted him Randy, the great right, not Randy, Newman I! Think that's the musician and you, the great Randy Newman's, also great, but the wrong Randy Randy, the great the musician, my mug magician. So he's like this. This is fishy, so he goes to the mega church. He Scotto with a professional with like a radio scanning device and sure enough. He hears in the radio waves, his wife in a earpiece saying, mrs. baba, ganoush 32 years old has arthritis in her left arm. They had a hole now I, remember, I spend into the documentary yeah yeah so was when they come in. They look at their idea or something right yeah they do like pre-screening. So they take the information when the people come in, they says tell me a little bit about yourself and they find a good one. They feed the information to his wife, who sits in a van outside and talks to him in an earpiece. It's crazy. So when you come to the question of like are do these people believe this at all or they just straight con men, and that case, one of the biggest examples of one of these megachurch guys was taking millions of dollars from vulnerable people was straight-up a comment: here's the craziest part. They also believe they also. They start to believe that they help people because they're like yes sure if it helps them, then what does it matter if it's real or not? That's what you like! That's what these like cold readers are like yeah, but I'm still doing something good, that's [, __, ], the aircon, here's the craziest part I, don't believe that that pasture ever went to prison and now, like 15 20 years later, he's back on television and people are still [, __ ]. Believing in him. Can you believe that that's great, so the question being? Are these guys caught I mean yes, I think they are con. Men I think like who the [ __ ] can be a man of God and drop 20 million dollars in a private jet 20 million. Do you know how much good 20 million dollars can do? No never had joined Randolph yeah good could do me a lot of good anyway, Oh, Jesse and and and and I and and others teeth more and creflo and all of us they, the world, is in such a shape. We can't get there without this ice. We got to have this. We would have the mesh that the airlines are in today. I would have to stop I'm being very conservative, at least 75 to 80, more like 90% of what we're doing, because you can't get them here, it's impossible, so we we had- and this was such a good illustration I. Just the villain impressed me. That's why we're on that airplane. We can talk too hard Oregon, we surely it's when I was flying for Oral Roberts, the brother do Eastmont my boss on the airplane. He should not count official sanction to that fruit, just that financing that that fake fruit on the table- and so that's in a [, __, ] symbol right there, just like shamelessly, obviously just trying to call up with excuses or whatever it's funny. This is the bottom barrel of humanity, there's fake fruit on the table. These are like fake. The freaks, the fake fruit humans spent a long time I'm having trouble talking, but this to me is as bad as humanity gets [ __ ], these guys dude Christ yep. It protects the anointing on the brother Roberts and he said you keep your mouth shut. Don't talk to him unless he talks, because when he's on a meeting, he doesn't talk to anybody, but God now all used to flyer lines right, but it even back there. In me, it got to the place where it was educating his spiritual for coming up to him. He had become famous and they won't mean to pray for him and all that you can't. You can't manage that today, right this dope filled world I get in and they're getting along too with a bunch of demons like, oh, my god, demons just calling your own your own contributors demons a long tube with a bunch of demons. It's like he's describing his penis. Does it kind of a good name right? These guys are [ __ ] losers. How do you live with yourself at night? It reminds me of this Bill Hicks joke. Where he's like these people who work for like baby food companies and put like poison into save five cents, they don't, they have no conscience he's like what'd, you do too hot. What did you do today? Honey I, put some arsenic and baby food. Save save five sets and go to sleep like a baby. You guys sleep like these guys, sleeps, so good at night. I bet you I, don't know about that on their golden pillows. Oh I bet you these guys, sleep great and I bet you. They mix, yellow till they mix a lot of jell-o and doughnut. I do not know about happy. He was my attorney. What maybe yellow why all people love jello is easy to eat. It's soft on the teeth, what's wrong with jello deadly and, and he works on your heart. It really does so anyway. I wanted to make that clear. So the devil can't lie to you and say see that and breakers been and all that money there's been the devil devil only. The devil would criticize me for wasting twenty million dollars. A [ __ ] jet, so I can't sit in a log tube that bunch of demons get real. You football faced Gucci when jello mixing piece of [ __ ], [, __, ] you'd, you old, ass, [, __, ], your dyed hair. How fake can you be what's wrong? Having gray hair you dyed your hair black, you fake [, __, ], you're faker than the fruit on your table. I have nothing but honestly, just hit hey mags, I, still ain't clicking on that next [ __ ], this guy there fat cats right now. No we're not! We have business dude, listen I! Could scratch my flying itch with my little single-engine. Open-Cockpit airplane I just come home fly around in that scratch, my flying it that doesn't have nothing to do with that. But when we're in weird sole business here right, we got a dying world around us Jess. We got a dying nation room, that's right talking and we can't even get their owner than you can't. Let me give you an example for I read the scripture. If something said, why do you need an airplane? It start out about a couple of weeks ago, I was in full. Fourth I preached on a Sunday, a Friday night into Saturday. I was in full with preaching by Jerry Savelle Sunday morning. I was in Bop, Jimmy Jimmy. Oh, don't tell me, he just said Jimmy Savile. It can't be, but not some people said. Why do you need it? Every Hill creeps me out how white his shirt is. That's not that white, it's white man because it start out about a couple of weeks ago, I was in full. Fourth I preached on a Sunday, a Friday night and Saturday I was in full with preaching by Jerry Savelle Jerry Savelle Oh Jerry. Jimmy savile is a very prominent serial pedophile from here. That would be the cream. On top Sunday morning, I was in Boston Massachusetts Monday I was in New Orleans Tuesday I was in Chicago, Wednesday I was in Raleigh North Carolina Thursday was in New, Orleans Friday was in San Antonio Texas Saturday I was in New Orleans Sunday I was in enough making it up. I actually have a delta captain that lives close to my house. I brought in my schedule. I said: can you fly this? He said no and I. Wouldn't. If, when do you sleep, we're about the fall here, playing airplane oil and grab it see ya? Now, when God is speaking this to me, he said so. This is all I could ever do in a way if they were like honest, but that's just what I was thinking just say that you have a crazy schedule, you're going to be yes somewhere else, everyday, that's better! That would have been actually kind of fun. But God told me: do you, like your hair, plain I was on the airplane colic deal like this airplane that link diminishes their God in a way they're like. Why would you cheapen your God, like that? Mm-Hmm God doesn't talked about airplanes, dude, I'm thinking all right enough of these [ __ ] limits: okay, MRSA, these jello mixing, [ __ ] next I'll man there's so much left dj khaled gets booed, offstage, actually I'm gonna wash through this video, but I IE, r dit Oh got removed. She there's a mirror in the comments when she so apparently dj khaled did a set. I, don't know where was it in Coachella and oh, my god, I got removed. I'm have to find oh, he did a set ash. Oh so he did a set at EDC, which is an electric music mm-hmm festival and he's just doing it dj khaled thing and everyone sterling. Oh yeah, Wow. Nothing can stop me. Oh, my god. Sorry dude allergies are kicking my ass dude. Oh that's go everyone like together, brooding. Well, what happened? Oh, my god, where's the tissue I gave you bald me too. Oh die turn somewhere else. I want to give them a look. No thank you. You got a duck out of the way you're supposed to cover yourself when you sneeze. You do know that, oh my god, my whole face is so itchy I get this itch in my throat. It makes me go of the wild ride [Music]. Well, they did what happened. I feel bad for him. I think people just didn't want to hear dj khaled at EDC they're there for for electronic music so, but who booked him wisely there that's the question: that's the Rope, also I think what part of the problem was like. He would play a song and then everyone will get into it and then he switches the song like every 30 seconds. That's what I think! That's what they're keeping the counter in the bottom left, because he switched the song every 30 seconds and you don't get a chance to enjoy the music. Oh, you know we're done so now. He's over 50, 30, songs, 30 seconds he's, not the performer he's just out there screaming and playing a song. It's not a great set. This whole thing seems like such a fail. Oh yeah I mean my god Tara. Why Sidra? This is another good set sang it there's honestly, nothing worse when I see a musician's musician on stage with a sing it and it's just cricket somehow I feel like they don't know because they always go on with the smiles and stuff. They've got a note right that the crowd is cold. Yeah I, don't know: okay, I, don't know I, guess they just like they have their dis routine. That they're used to do is they do the same, but when you're in a festival, not everyone is your fans definitely see how bad you get the 11 songs in four minutes all right at this point, [Music] [Music], [Applause], [Music], all right, yeah I, totally understand. Why was it good? That's a disaster right there, my friends ouch. What is this Israeli prank invasion? Hmm, oh god, voice is unbelievable. I think ela found this where'd. You find this so I'm going to recommend it it to us somewhere. I, don't remember where good guy this is stuff. Prank invasion has made it to Israel he's in effect, he's like a virus. He's infected every corner of this earth, but I miss him. This is so tough to see that in Israel like that means, it's probably like all over the world- oh yeah, if it made it to Israel tomato everywhere. So this is the Israeli prank invasion. If you laugh, we kiss either you're gonna have to do commentary going up to translate how much of a machinima. What's that voice in your own voice. Mmm, it didn't hey baby. If you laugh weekend uh what a Pam did today that can be ocular on in your smoke a stogie a sham, come on really! Please subscribe! My family Macedo! Well yeah. Some things, don't change wherever you are creek one wanted to get married on. What's he going on about? Why is there blur on a show? Yeah? Oh they did it too early it's early, so you can't make them laugh is gonna kiss them. Is he going to take a letter? Some [ __, ], I'm, gonna, [, __ ], lose my mind. If you take alert, hey -, MA, -, ma diss me an EVO, tell a tiara. Mr. Kinnett remark: any res no macho muda name is Mikayla. Chica Denis simioni is Brahma. Miss Hartigan embarrassed Ababa, throw hard to Hamdi I'm D. So let me get so. He said: hey baby, you look cute mm-hmm, I'm hottest. I'm checking me out. Dad I just want to play this little game. We do cuz, you look cute looking for a quick, [, __ ], yeah she's everything you want us to go. -. Okay, are you okay, I'm nice? And then, if you go Salameh how's, he gonna collapse. Okay, eggsy, okay, her face isn't blurred for pizzas. They got exactly they're like Chris. Just completely it's a complete copy of Chris. That's crazy! Well! This is kind of a brilliant play because it was very successful here. You transport it to Israel and Bob's your uncle you're being assassinated by conservative Israelis. How many of you does this home see 400,000 and lots of like? Let's all baby, that's a lot for his room, its girl, that's like [, __, ], 50% of the population. Isn't okay! Sheikh got in that was so slick. Here's the thing about in Israel. If you didn't know why she would kissing like that Tellem, you look you're telling me that's right, like you like, especially in Israel, someone will just kiss you that's what I'm saying more. Like will slap you. People are more conservative, more, not great everything. They're more. They don't say that you don't touch me. Yeah. Israelis are hard people, so the fact that he's trying to get little kids in Israel deals like people will die. People will die if low kids start doing this in drill, there's going to be a whole bloodbath and that country is on thin ice as it is. We don't need all these crisps, prank invasion, memes running around Israel, World War, three I'm telling you this is ground zero right here. Are they even kissing the food? Sorry, you get tired yeah. We get it sad, it's a sad day for, but it's actually doing really well sad day for you Israel like it guys. If you ever want to know how to make a girl laugh here, take a look, look I mean mcdoon in slow motion. This is important, so we can study this because kisses are all but in life that matters. If you can't get kisses, then your need to get out allocation now. Watch closely. He's studying! Oh goes in quick lightly touches her side bounces out point at her, give her kiss me: Dom, carmely, ya, ain't down. Comb you've got to put the hit on the shame on you. Alright, let's keep it going, we're getting close, then I'm exhausted how long we've been going almost three hours. Oh, we can end it. Let's keep going. Let's finish the list: okay, guys how y'all doing yellow are you? Okay? You seem tired, mm-hmm Justin, you gotta help me out here and what are you are doing? I need some support. You sitting there you're Low Energy. How about soda pop I? Have a coffee, hello, I need you jab I need to supply, need support here. I'm, low-energy Jeb can I do okay? Well, we can end it. There's there's so much more that I want to talk about. There's actually there's four more. That I want to talk about. To be specific, can take a break and come back I guess we could do it next time or take a break. This is turn into a complete nightmare, I'm glad this is at the end, because nobody gets this deep into the video, like maybe 5%. We should just if you guys, if anyone watching this got this deep into the episode just type. Something in the comments. So I could do a survey, something that no one ever typed, like Kermit the Frog Kermit, the Frog titty [, __ ] piggy type in the comments - Kermit, the Frog titty [ __ ] piggy on YouTube. Oh I want to know how many people actually watch this beep. If you're Israeli type in Hebrew you don komedi and your life, kid just type, his name just I now know so all y'all I can't wait for all those comments to be in the and just completely to mystify. Everyone else serve at the Frog clinic [ __ ] piggy, with like a thousand up hugs. You never just like why, but we'll know we'll know all right. So I think this is it. This I mean yeah. This is very much the end. Two hours is a hard wall. Once you hit two hours, you a kind of downhill on the energy levels, now I'm at three hours and now I'm, just thinking about Kermit Eddie, [, __ ] piggy. Are you also thinking about jello I'm thinking about mixing some jello and giving it to you I'm Kermit, the Frog. Should we well I? Have four more: can we save them for a very fun experiment for next time? Let me see if these are evergreen yeah. These are evergreen, so I'll save these for next time. All right, guys, I, hope you had a fun time. This episode. Thank you. So much for joining us mm-hmm was. It was a holler. Thank you. Everybody for supporting our sponsors for subscribing to Amazon, twitch, Prime or subscribing all together or donating. Remember you can subscribe for free. If you have an Amazon Prime account, you can look at the twitch, give us a subscription for free every month. It's huge, it's amazing! So the joy it's been an honor to be here with you guys. May you find the private jet the gods suggest into you to have so you don't have to be in a long tube with Devils a long day long. You had those guys said along to with Devils on, ironically people always come up to. You is just calling everyone and everyone not only that he said people on the airplanes are coming up, asking me to pray for them and then in the next sentence. She says in a tube with devils who [ __ ] [ __ ]. You I want spamming by in the comments. All right, you guys are the best thanks. Everybody appreciate you love you. This was shocking. A month stay tuned, bye, dog Kermit. Was it Kermit, titty [, __, ] Pig, you already forgot, yeah, I'm, tired. You guys will figure it out alright and dad bye guys. My.