Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live every Friday at twitch.tv, /a, Street reductions. Thank you to our sponsors. Today, Boland branch, Dollar, Shave, Club, audible and equipped today's guest, the wonderful prolific, hilarious, talented, Shane Dawson, recently passed 12 million subscribers on your now main channel. Yes, congratulations on that and thank you so much for coming and joining us. I'm really happy to have you here, it's so cool to meet you so yeah thanks for coming today. Are you very nervous, I always say something that just I don't know I get in trouble right? Well, it's live great. You know it's funny, I've, it's like what can you do? You know it's part of the magic right. The first episode we did live I made some. We had a filthy Frank here. I, don't even know how we got in this conversation about like rape and nature settings like how animals rape each other right and I was like yeah I was just saying some stupid, [, __, ] I, don't know how. Why would I even be talking about that and I say something that sounded really bad and George is sitting behind? It goes, and that haunts me forever. So, if you can drop that I want to say before we get too deep and if you guys have questions for Shane about him ghost stories. Conspiracy theories, whatever is on your mind, give us a ring at one eight one, eight two one, four, eight 5:04 god bless him. I want to get right in to the juice. Okay, okay, we had spoken a couple weeks back when all this Twitter garbage was exploding about. There was allegations- and, let me just say, utter and stupid, absolute trash and garbage that you are a pedophile. Yes tell me about how. How did you find out about this? It was crazy. The night before it happened, I got a DM from keemstar I thought as I made a joke that Dana videos saying like Oh keemstar is gonna DME about being a child. Molester cuz I flew out a fan who was 14 to my house interesting and I, made like a joke. What a twist I know two days before that in a MOOC bang with Trisha Paytas a MOOC Bank, it's where you order a lot of food when you eat it, on camera, I've heard of a bank, a joke about how you go, eat one meal and then immediately eat another meal. That's my life, I just thought that was I. Never heard of that I might be saying it wrong. It might be mukbang either way sounds I, love, bank and food. Somehow it's great I'll get to the gangbang in a second Christ. No, but I made a joke. Saying like you know, my friend was like oh ho, people like you right now and I'm like well. It comes in waves like in you know, every two years, people hate me and I said, and it's ticking like two years is coming so like by tomorrow, something Bad's gonna happen. I'm gonna be like whatever and literally ya the next day, anyways, so I thought the video was a joke. Like I thought it was a parody because of the way it was edited. It said I because my boyfriend and previous girlfriend have baby faces. I want to [ __ ], a babies I'm like clearly this is a joke right and then yeah. It just became a thing. It's just so stupid. It was. The channel was pop blast. Hmm, as everybody knows, some respects table. Interestingly, they made the video called Shane. Dawson is a pedophile. That was the title of it. Here's proof it had the channel I'm really actually happy to say that YouTube just straight up and deleted it. Yeah they're like smell you later idiots, but the thing that really twisted my panties into a full not was like this stupid rip. Reputation. Las' channel makes a video and Twitter flippin news. It's the number I open, because Twitter news people respect the people, look at it now, yeah, you click the thing number one you had like the flagship story. A legate people are saying: Shane Dawson's a pedophile for 48 hours, which they've never done before, like in America, even with the shootings three hours after the shooting in Florida. It was like this sushi roll has amazed. Okay, that deserves longer than you know, but it was crazy, so the craziest part was there was no allegation like it was literally so dumb literally me talking about [, __, ] babies or something on a podcast which was stupid five or six years ago, but that's not now like geisha she's, making a joke yeah. No kid came forward or no parent award, it's like, oh, whatever people are saying yeah, so that was a confusing part and I had people at the gym. You know like looking at me weird and humility Starbucks, looking at me weird, and it was a thing people thought I was a [ __ ] pedophile for cuz of her news, yeah, the it actually was even it. This conspiracy had legs like there was even it wouldn't even a level. Further people were saying: Logan Paul's manager paid money to get the video up to take heat off him. I guess it was right. After the dead body, yeah I think what happened was I think it was a parody, I think the person who made it liked my conspiracy, videos know who I'm gonna like make one about. Shane, okay, clearly a joke, and then because it it went too far and somebody cut it up even more and put it on Twitter. They took not the jokey parts and I think that person was like. Oh no, okay. How do I make it obvious that this was fake? So then they started putting out these weird like clues and then the Logan, Paul, email and and then their channel got deleted. So, oh that sucks for them, if it was just like meant to me, I think it was because it was so stupid right there evidence of me: [ __ ], my boyfriend, who has a baby food yeah. That's so crazy that I'm like and there was scary music under it. So I think it was a joke than what you fart and then the news, because poor son of a [ __ ] was trying to make like a homage to you in a way. Maybe once you know once it got like out of hand, that's I, don't know I can't think of the alternative, because it's like well. If it was some person that was trying to ruin my life, they wouldn't have put the baby-faced stuff in there. You know what I mean so who was it and it was well edited? Hmm, so are they ha because I just find it so disturbing that Twitter broadcasted that as if it was something serious for so long yeah? Was there any repercussions to that? Oh, my god yeah it was. It was nuts. Personally, it was nuts, my family. It was really bad just because, like that word is so triggering sure you know, like I've, been molested like it's a long-running thing in my family, it's very I'm, very anti pedophile like everybody else, but no, but from a personal yeah and all my I've done so many videos about child molesters in Hollywood and I'm like very actively like trying to shut that [ __ ] down. So when it came back at me and people called me a pedophile, that's the worst thing. They could call me literally the worst I can't think of anything else. Yeah, but yeah money-wise, it [, __ ] me up it I lost. You know brand deals and I. My certain things that were supposed to happen are happening anymore. Just because of that dude, that's, and even now that it's kind of like I'm settled you still have lost those connections. Everybody says it's not. Why? Like? Oh, no, it's other reasons like oh this, this one away because of other things, I'm like really like. It happened two days after the pedophile thing, and then it just went away. Did you hear what about like YouTube? How did they react because they're so sensitive to everything these days? They were supportive. They know they know they were like listen. We know you didn't do anything but, like you know it's hot off the heels of low compulsion, but handle another greater controversy yeah, but they were like. You know it was very much like. Let's see what happens and the story died pretty quickly yeah, it's not a story. I didn't [ __ ], it's like there is no story. There's nowhere to go. Oh the best, though, was like all the websites, the news websites that we're doing stories on it. One of them used a picture of me holding a baby doll. It's like from Instagram of me like holding baby dolls, because it's like a sex toy or something yeah. What that was the craziest part dude. It's so crazy to me that, like something on this scale with no merit at all yeah, it's like this me too thing is so click worthy or like these allegations are nobody's even thinking it twice about it. But what about like I don't know? Do some research like especially as a brand watch the video all of a sudden is gonna, cancel somewhere yeah, you know. Are you not gonna check, like you? I can just say it about anyone, but that's it it's so dangerous now, because, even if they watched it and they're like this is stupid, people are gonna. Have that Association and we just don't want that. Yeah people are gonna, hold it against them, yeah yeah. What was crazy with some youtubers were like some people in general, we're tweeting things. Oh, you should have made those jokes or you shouldn't have had that conversation on a podcast whatever and kind of making. It seem like it was my fault which I understand, but also like a lot of those people I'm like you know, this could happen to anybody laughs like they took a thing from six years ago and edited it. Imagine, like all of us have hours of content. Yeah could happen to anybody. Anyone, cleanest person in the world, I just Dean, who knows I I, completely agree. It could happen to anyone. There's no question about it. I have some old videos boy, but also they should all be unlisted. Now it's a huge difference. I think we will need to make the difference between, like you made a shitty joke that you shouldn't have made to this guy's a pedophile, that's insane, they are so far from each other yeah. It's such a jump. Well, one of the points you brought up that I, something that infuriates me is that there are suspected and arrested pedophiles and sexual abusers who are working in Hollywood right now, and people are wasting their time. Talking about that [ __, ] um, you know about this. Guy Bryan Singer I've talked about him on the podcast here before. What do you know about Bryan Singer? What do you say like that? That is like I have filmed a conspiracy, video about him six times and I, always edit him out, because I'm scared, it's dangerous. Oh, oh he's scary, it's [ __ ] up, so you know, probably that meant several people have brought lawsuits against him that have mysteriously and inexplicably been dropped for no reason you know other than oh I changed my mind. I mean there's a whole documentary about ya, know, pain and that wig dude, open secret, creaking and so decided herbed me so much yeah and that the woman who directed it like what two years before that she won an Oscar for her previous documentary and people are like she's. The next big thing, the second she released that blacklisted from everybody. Are you serious, yeah cuz I mean she's opening I've been on the YouTube side of it not to say you know here, I go conspiracy, but you know: I talked about the child porn on YouTube like two years ago, like the spider-man else's, show even worse, there's even darker [ __ ] people like like parents who dress up like a doctor and pull kids pants down, put syringe and like these crazy channels that I've been talking about for two years, telling YouTube, hey everybody in my agents, everybody take it down. Take ten bro I have the same experience and they're like mmm they're like Shane, I'm, gonna blacklist. You very much like shut up right on of me, which makes me think you think I'm the way that I see it I think that's giving them too much credit mm-hm think they're more like they just always have a problem right, they're always dealing with something and you think of YouTube is like a we're: a bunch of slick-ass tech, guys and everything's under control. There's like 20 people like high up there, who are doing everything I feel like yeah and what's hard from their point of view, is like. Where do you draw the line on stuff like? When is a spider-man, also video? Okay, and when is it not yeah, it's kind of hard to say like? Can you tailor a rat if it's dead at what point? There are channels who have done it and I don't know like Liza Coe. She you know, has a video and I love. Her has a video where she's like stabbing a dead fish, really which, like me, whatever it's it's a whatever, but so is that that different that different, it still is [ __ ] up I, would never teach her rap. No like it's like a weird like we're, is the line yeah. It's it's a tough job that they have it's. It is a tough job. I was just twitch, just came out with new guidelines, and it's just funny the position these companies are in now, because a lot of people have been like Teddy streamers, on Twitch, and so they made these new guidelines were like. Okay, you can wear a dress like this is okay. This is okay. This isn't, okay, like they actually have like a gradient of cleavage, show as now that's acceptable, but it's kind of ridiculous to be in that position. You know which isn't okay, so twitch. Yes, so that's not like camphor there. It's there's not like a porn section of it. No, there should be Frank they're looking for more traffic. Well, I guess. A lot of people on twitch, twitch streamers, complain that girls they like to work for tips and stuff, like that. The problem with twitch bromwich, though, is that, unlike YouTube, where there's enough there's enough space for everyone, because you can watch one video, you can watch another video on Twitch, you've got live broadcast and you can't enjoy everyone at once. So they're like this working for tips and I'm, trying to be entertaining here and I can't compete with them. [ __, ], titties I got a helmet on my second monitor. You guys know my titties yeah. They don't have to that's it's a competitive advantage. That's something! That's going on in the world! Brian finger! Oh wait! That guy is a he just, the guy he's made so many movies and shows and he's still making a ton of [ __ ] with like the highest of people in Hollywood like damn. Well, he so in the open secret, you saw the one of his little partners back in the day. Mm-Hmm is now really high up in Bitcoin. Really I didn't think. Maybe it wasn't in the documentary but yeah, it's everything is so connected. So it's creepy. Oh sorry, we have a soundboard and that's it that's Carlos for the connect. Why are pedophiles so well organized because it's it's about power? Hmm! Oh, that's interesting! I! Think pedophiles! This is gonna. Get me [, __ ], in whatever, whatever I genuinely do. Think, though, that there is like a lot of people in power that are because it is about when you have billions of dollars- and you have make sense- you get bored right and you're kind of [ __ ] up and evil. It's like. So it's like how else that's dark. Just like man, I'm bored, I'm gonna, go [, __, ], a baby. You look at the Bible, not that I like read the Bible or whatever, but but if you look, though, like that in history, it's like people have that high of power turn to murder, they turn to pedophilia. They turn to you know, mmm, all the dark, [ __ ], because they're [ __ ] bored hostile like stabbing people for money. It's just like you know, I, do find what you said interesting about power, because it's clearly is a power thing. The whole pedophile and I think someone who that appeals to also would love being in a position of money and power and controlling people and I. Don't even know, though, if it's like I, don't even think they start out as Pettit like those types of people I, don't even think they start out as pedophile I. Think it's like a it's in there, but I think it just they develop a taste for it. Well, there's also this company that, like sells young blood, draw me dude. You've got my all the weirdest. Tell me about this. There's a company that sells young I've never even heard that term. You sell like a middle one: I, don't remember where it's happening. Does that cannibalism? Maybe I'd, sell my blood honestly. At this point you probably would get a polymer trouble. Mm-Hmm crime I'll just give it to you right. A blood prime amazon would love that and I met young as in like 18 I'm, not talking about okay, okay, I, don't know good, all right horrible house this whole, but going back has do you feel like the whole. Allegations have settled against you. Do you feel like it's all laid to rest now right, yeah I mean I'm, not a pedophile, so it's like this thing of. For me it was more like okay, I'm pedophile. So where do we go where I like when you know, other things have happened with my other bad jokes I've made in the past like I. Have this guilt and I feel like constantly like I'm? Sorry, I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, but this mic I'm, not a pedophile. So can we you know what I mean and I think people did move on. Yeah I mean all your all. All of your colleagues on YouTube. Everyone was just like this is so stupid, yeah. So there's that that always is nice to see. It seems like you've made a significant like shift and your content and how you manage your channel and everything and I know that as a youtuber, knowing a lot of youtubers, that's one of the hardest things to do is to make like a huge shift or to reinvent yourself, especially in a way where your fans like, and it seems like your channel- is doing. I don't know better than ever. Can you say that it's doing great? Let's say that: how did you manage to pull that off? I mean now. Tell me run. Tell me about your thought process going through that I kind of subconsciously change it every year, interesting I, think just because for me, I get a little bored, and then you know, but this this this specific year was different because I for the last you know 10 years my thought process was like oh I need to get off of youtube, I need it. This is just I'm gonna make movies and TV, and this and that and then I kind of, came to the conclusion that, like oh, no, like [, __, ], like YouTube, is really cool and people actually are starting to respect it more and like I should just make [ __ ] I would make on TV or movies on my channel. So that's kind of what I've been doing. It's a lot more work, I want more money, and you know stuff, but I'm actually like really proud of it. Now, like a year ago, I don't know if I would have said. I was of that proud of like eating pizza on camera. You know you can tell that your production quality is definitely really impressive. Now it feels like I'm watching a show. Oh, that's it's yeah, it's right and like you're doing it every day, yeah, that's gotta, be pretty nutty. Yeah I mean now it's kind of [ __ ] up like sometimes it's just three videos a week or sometimes even just two, just because they're like 30, really long yeah, and it's just me and one other person editing all of them and that's I was wondering if you, edit, yeah I, used to I've brought in people, but the one I'm using now. His name is Andrew. He films and edits, because it usually does one and I do too or he just do I do one. We trade off. No, it's a lot. That's awesome! Man yeah! It's super hard to get someone to edit. Your is. Is this guy a new editor? How long has he been editing stuff for you? I didn't even know how new he literally started editing like a few months before he added it with me really yeah. He was working a learner and yeah he's very, very quick learner and really good and got me excited again about editing because I think now I'm, just like Loni dad and everything -. Was it hard to pass that up that responsibility off to somebody you get like possessive about your editing abilities, it's getting harder. The more invested I am in when this [ __ ] my conspiracy, videos now I can't. Imagine anybody editing them besides me, because I'm so invested in it right right, right, um, but it is hard to like I. Don't know if you guys deal with I have a lot of issues with like myself, editing myself, that off, like usually used to just be one angle: eating pizza in the kitchen, this angle, no double chin, because the cameras high. Now it's like me, [ __, ], running around your body. You know that's been hard for me to look at and it's been triggering I feel like mark part of. What's triggering for every youtuber is watching themselves and listening to themselves. So much I saw your I do like that when I said it, I want to talk about that. Cuz I have a lot to say about that. You too yeah, but we're gonna, take a quick commercial break and do not go away. We will be right back, so god bless. Thank you to Bowen brands for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast. We may disagree on many things, but here's one thing we can all agree on. You need more sleep. Yes, you watching right now, you specifically and here's how to get it. You don't need to buy an expensive mattress. You don't need sleeping pills or any non since, like that, all you may need is to change your sheets. Now. I've got the bowline branch package and I'm happy to say that I feel like a Greek goddess. Finally, I've always felt like a Greek goddess inside and now rolling around in these silky smooth, unbelievable sheets, I feel that I've ascended and that people are launching ships in my name, because I'm so beautiful and flowing you've always looked like a Great, Goddess I. Finally, Bowl and branch will bring out the Greek goddess in within you because of these luxurious sheets, everything they make from bedding. The blankets is made pure 100% organic cotton, which means that they start out super soft and they get even softer over time. What else does if they age like wine? It's basically what they're saying these are sheets that age. Like wine, my sheets from my childhood, they just ball up into little cottage mutts. They gets stuck in your like pubes and disintegrates. This doesn't disintegrate. It gets him better. You can buy directly from them, so you're, essentially paying wholesale prices. Luxury sheets can cost up to a thousand dollars in a store, but with bowling ball and branch you're getting the same exact quality, but for only a couple hundred bucks, everybody who tries Boleyn branch loves them myself included, sometimes I'll just be in my bedroom and I'll glut and I'll grab like the pillowcase and I'll just be like I'll, just rub it and then maybe I'll. If I'm, really it's been a really intense day, I'll just kind of try to suffocate myself with it, that's unrelated to the quality of the sheets, but you go out in style. Maybe the fact that everyone loves them and giving them five star reviews, including Forbes and Wall Street, Journal and Fast Company, and that everybody's talking about Boleyn branch is for a reason, probably because they're great, even three u.s. presidents, sleep on ball and branch sheets, read it and weep. How are you president? Who are you to question that you will feel like I, won't feel like a president and a Greek goddess shipping is here? If you're in doubt, listen, no shipping is free and you can try them for 30 nights. Risk-Free. If you don't love them, you send them back and get a refund I doubt you're, going to even if you're, like I'm gonna get free sheets for 30 days, I'm a little sneaker, no you're gonna want to keep them because they're that good I'm not couraging that behavior by the way. No, but okay, there's no risk, there's no reason not to give them a try to get started. Right now. For my listeners, you get $50 off your first set of sheets at Boland branch. Calm use the promo code h3 go to bull and branch calm today for $50 off your first set of sheets. That's bol: el and branch, dot-com slap, a promo code, no /, promo code, h3, Bolin, brace, calm, promo code h-street. If you are looking for some new sheets, my friends, please consider supporting them and help support our show. Your girlfriend is gonna, be like what she's gonna propose to you. Next up, yeah big, thank you to Dollar Shave Club for supporting us with thousands of athletes going for the gold right now. It's got me thinking with all the Dollar Shave club's been doing lately. They're the clear champions of the bathroom and I think they deserve a gold medal. Don't you ela I've always thought that they relied Olympics on like dollars. Yeah this guy, who just did like 30 flips on ice. Skates is dope, but where's Dollar, Shave club's gold at Dolce, Club, calm. They deliver everything. You need to look, feel and smell. Your best Dollar Shave Club, is more than just razors and by the way, if their razors are the best they've got these a meaty, weighty, heavy executive. Razors that are just they're the only razor I use cuz. It doesn't give me razor burn. What more reason do you need, then, that I use it for cleaning up like the edge here and here the most useful thing I found to use is cleaning up my neckline just glide that like but I do it and all of a sudden I don't have to be a freak with a hairy neck. That I've walked around being like a like a looking like a eight man. I'm like oh, my god, just use the razor back here when you're in the shower. It's unbelievable makes such a huge difference. Ethan's beauty tips, I'm going for the Silver Dollar Shave Club has everything I mean everything you need to look smell and feel your best shampoo body wash toothpaste and, of course, the best razor I've ever used. Why waste time in the store asking some thirteen-year-old pimply-faced nerd? What his recommendation on is: razors, listen to me, they're, the best, don't waste your time just buy this I get an amazing high-quality shave. Every morning from Dollar Shave, Club, executive, razor and the true gold standard of any morning routine is their shave. Carver's shave butter. Here it is, it helps the razor glide gently across the skin. I have, incidentally, tried melting, real butter and dipping my razor into that matter. I, damn, don't don't do that use their shea butter. It works better trust me. They deliver everything to you. That means no more trips to the store wandering around like Moses through the desert hunting for razors shampoo toothpaste, my god we're taking time out of your day to go shopping, so you can play a cashier or what all of a sudden you got to scan your own stuff, get real. Won't they just pay you, while you're at it be their employee, go for the gold join Dollar, Shave Club today for just five dollars with Free Shipping and you'll, get their [, __ ] shower shave, starter set and don't even talk to me about their bud, wipes that you get included. That brings me back to my beautiful childhood days when you would wipe once and be done these days. I'm 30 years old, my body's falling apart, I'm baking, a cake in the toilet. Somebody told there's like 30 wipes at once. Your this wouldn't say no, but I know what you know what I mean you're I, don't want to know what you might your turn 30, that's the amount of wipes it takes well with their one wipe charlie, that's what all it takes. One way relive those glory days. It has a six blade executive, razor plus trial, size of shave, butter body, cleanser and wild wipe. Charlies then keep the blades coming for a few bucks a month get yours at dollarshaveclub.com, slash, h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3! Thank you to ballin brancion and Dollar Shave Club supporting us. If you are in the market for either of those products, please consider supporting them to help support the show. Thank you all. Let us get right back into it. Welcome back to the HB podcast, we were talking about hating ourselves, [Laughter] I feel like somewhere along when I was a young lad. 13 years old I would stare at pictures of. If I saw a picture of myself, it would ruin my whole [ __ ] day. Yeah I would stare at myself in the mirror and just be like I [, __, ], hate, you're, so ugly and I it was. We got so unhealthy that I said you know what every time I look at myself in the mirror in a picture. I get so depressed and anxious. I'm gonna stop for a whole year, I didn't look at mirrors, I didn't look at pictures of myself. I didn't care and I feel like somehow through this. This, like a I, don't know a pilgrimage. I know I, don't care I, don't care how fat, how ugly, how disgusting I look on camera or pictures I'm, just like yeah I'm, a [ __ ] monster like I've accepted it I'm just like yeah I'm, a monster I know that, but it doesn't bother me right. Oh that's sad! Is it okay to get like sad I'm, not like yeah, hi? Okay, first art is what I'm gonna say is I. Think it's like not that we like mirrors, but it is like looking at me right now, because I'm the same way and for me I would tell you like what you're crazy. What are you talking about? You're, not a monster you're, not fat, you're, not ugly, like what the [ __ ]. Are you talking about you're, crazy right and that's what my friends tell me. That's what my boyfriend tells me. That's what my therapist! Everybody has told me that, but like it's literally like shut up you're lying you're lying in line I'll, never believe you, but so yeah. The last year, I did the same thing. I was like you know what like I'm, just not gonna like look at any pictures, not my tagged. Pictures I'm not gonna like a little bit literally anything, and it helps sometimes like I'll, have like a good week and then like yeah today, like it hit me again and I was just like I literally want to get out of my body and go somewhere else like he's just like I'm [, __ ] done I'm [, __ ] done I'm over it and you know, and so yeah I don't know. I feels like there's no cure hi, you know, and it's just like I, don't know it's it's crazy that we're all like. No that's what we do yeah we literally put ourself like you, recovered from it, but I feel like actually salmon's you're describing and it's it's just weird that you can't like grow when I get over it. I, don't know it's so strange. You would think that I would get over it a certain time when you do videos every week and podcast yeah I, don't know if it says extreme, but I like I hate like when Ethan is editing a video or something and I have to watch it. I just I. Almost just don't even want to look, she makes me cut a lot or like when your voice is heard or when your but and I know that everyone listening would be like what is wrong with you, you're crazy, you're, being crazy, yeah I know what used to always piss me off. I would be looking at a picture of myself and I'd. Be like this is the worst picture of me ever and then my mom would walk up and she be back. What are you talking about? That's just how you look like I. Want you to tell me that's a bad picture. Oh my god. Really, like I've been the most triggered since maybe four years ago, I hadn't, worn shorts in 15 years or something and I was on the beach. With my girlfriend at the time and I was like I'm just gonna wear shorts I, don't [ __ ] it I'm gonna. Do it I'm happy right now, I'm, just gonna. Do it and I think I was even twenty pounds lighter than I am now and I was walking around with shorts on and a girl took a picture with me and she was a nice kid and then she posted on instagram with hashtag fatter in person and like what's a fellow I know, but it's like no matter how much my girlfriend other times like you, don't look fat, you don't look fat I'm like this girl is firmed it, but you can't back down that's the conspiracy that she proved hey guys. You know she proved it like. I was like there's nothing. You person is wrong with you. You know who's a fan of yours and then I. Look back at that picture and I'm like I wish I was that fat yeah. Oh my god, -, because, like all the people watching and stuff and people that watch us like they like look at that's not like role model, it's the wrong word, but they look at us like oh I. Wish I want to do that. Like I, like these people, whatever and we're all sitting here like I wish, I could be a better like you know like it gets better like it doesn't. If you have issues with your looks, that's one of the things that depresses me in general and having achieve some level of success, that people want themselves, is that you're always like? Why aren't I happier and just like the self-awareness of that fuels me feeling bad? It's twisted his twisted. Did yeah I literally got a text when I was in the bathroom just now, I got a text from a friend and they were just like hey by the way. Like you look really good on camera. I can tell you're nervous about it, but you look okay right now and I was just like when I saw you I thought you look great yeah person, yeah [Music] over 10 years, ah married for five yeah. That's why I like when the whole online dating thing happened. I was like I didn't want to do it at first, because that's the fear, because that's a fatter in person and they don't want to [ __ ], you yeah I, mean right. They see you in person from your pictures. Now, honestly, you know what cured me is having ELA and she's like Marge Simpson, where she's like don't exercise too hard. Homie I owe [ __ ]. What if I was single but I've been with either for so long that, like you know they even the necessity of looking good I should probably care more I should probably look good for her more, but she she gives me a level of comfort that I haven't been together for so long. It is mutual Ethan helps me in getting a lot more confidence than I. You like I, was way worse before than a confidence machine machine. It's in my garage at home, but didn't change your life I'll make sure you get it right on this. It's a it's a you stand on it and it just does this. It's just shakes it just shakes, but it's so funny that we called confidence. Tennessee no I've tried that God are you trigger machine like my skin is like a saw and like a little loose, not like crazy I had surgery. So it's not that crazy, but like yeah, if I jiggle, it's a jiggle confidence machine yeah, it's a misnomer for sure. My ass was like yeah [, __ ] watch out car TV here whoever's got that big ass. Big ass is white. That's the thing like! What's her name kim kardashian, if you look at before-and-afters her body's on, if you look from five years ago, she's like hey I'm, a normal lady who's, fit to now she's like I'm, a Barbie doll and my waist. It looks like somebody who strangled me with a corset for a decade. Yeah I hope that, like big leg, two men become a thing tree trunks. My dude, yes, I got [ __ ] thick leg, ass, dirt, I, told I, said yesterday my friend I said I'm the shape of a chocolate Easter Bunny, yes, with your fat legs, daddy, like that everything I would maybe looking at me beauty in our society. Yeah I was just gonna say that I have more a pear shape. I have a very pear shape, I, don't think so, and I love, you got a seat, bro you're being so here's the thing you're being nice. No I do have a conspiracy, though about like not the fat ass thing, but I noticed that, like fashion lately, has been going more toward people gaining weight. Yeah we all kind of are so late. Yeah like when I went to a store, I, never go shopping, but I went to a store to look for a new shirt and, like all the guys, shirt we're like really long and like oversized, and then I saw like Bieber all these people wearing them and I'm like no. This is a fashion industry like here, Shane, here's, a big shirt to hide. It is a big, comfortable shirt that we're gonna call a fashion like and now we're all wearing. These big I mean I'm not wearing this, but no I have noticed that people like, like you were saying where the 6xl is that yeah to cover your ass and like to cover your just need. I need a burka, honestly, I think the fashion where it got really criticized for like being in support of like anorexia. Almost maybe that's a result of that, and not trying to shame you shame, but, but that is true. All the models were were like pretty much an arrest. They got a lot of [ __ ] for it. You know it's disgusting. Why would they even want that? Does the clothes look better honestly, if you're, just like a little, it's like a human hanger, yeah yeah, that's funny, yeah I wish I could wear a graduation gown like all the time, yeah Momo. Yes, you seen that Simpsons a second time I quoted Simpsons when Holmes started wearing a muumuu, I love that episode yeah, my grandma. When my grandma died well, the first one died and she lived in a moon. She lived in a chair. She was very big. She lived in a chair on a trailer and when she died, we got all her movies and my mom kept them and I theory I think she was keeping them for me because, because five years after that, I would I hid around for hunting and my Maru series or hundy bro fo hundy wow, that's almost like what boogie was weighing at his max. He was that like 500, yet his mattress, -, yeah I, held it well, I looked like I was on, you know like when actor is going to fat suits but like they don't have the gloves or the neck. Yet right so I had like a thin small little thin handle big body right. My legs still are about the same size, big boys, but that was like 10 years ago, 11 years ago, so yeah, that's unbelievable. I saw a picture of you like I, don't know if it was in high school or middle school and I I didn't even know it was you yeah? How did you make the transfer that transformation um I mean I, had been on like Weight Watchers, since I was like 5 like my mom was always trying and I was always like. You know: losing weight, gaining weight, losing weight, um and then yeah I round 18 I was graduating high school and I was like no I'm just gonna. Do this officially I'm done like I, don't to go to school anymore, so I'll just bend all my time like eating right and running because I had me, you just set your mind to it. You're, like you know what [ __ ] this yeah I was like gonna go to college I'm gonna lose weight instead, which is what I did well that's good, because I went to college and gained weight on my experience. Yeah, you don't go where you going yeah I was a little twink man when I went off to college I, weighed 130, that's my Lyme leg and how I'm like 200 yeah I, want to talk. Actually, you know what, let's take a call. I was like you've been inactive for 60 minutes. Click! Ok to resume all right resume who we got Bri. Oh, we have two people on the line: hello, Briana and Josie. What how are you guys? Hey? Oh they drop wait, wait what happened. They were so excited. Okay hold on hold on hold on. Okay. Are you guys there? Hello, oh yeah, we're okay! God bless you hey guys. How are you we're pretty good? Have a question for Shane um yeah. We have a question for shame. First of all, we love you so much and my friend is freaking out right now, wow, that's nice and we are question for us. Our question is: what are you trip lands for videos, Bobby, burns, hi, guys, sorry, I, didn't know. If you could hear me or another yeah do I look fat no screenshot into either. Okay! Thank you! Oh yeah. Yes, I anyway. Thank you guys for the question. God bless. You appreciate you, which is the best drop feeling on this story. For yes, so I found this hater hater, video and I was like. Oh, this kids, good, so I flew him out to LA and it's of videos with him and then was like. Oh I want him to do some videos for my channel because I don't really I'm, not good at that type of videos like critical. You know: I'm I'm, talking to camera, about stuff like that and so yeah now we're trying to make a show for my channel for him to do. I followed the whole thing. I thought I was fascinated by it. This guy Bobby Lee burns Bobby burns. He made a really critical video about you. I think I have a exerpeutic, terrible content, invite this guy out and and harness his power yeah. He didn't call me fat, but to be fair. That is not a fair attack on someone and I feel like that's a fair thing to say about him because, like calling someone fat is different than saying like I. Don't, like your content, remember right yeah! So how did you guys make that connection you and Bobby ice Bobby burns? Yeah I saw the video on Thanksgiving and I like went off into another room, because I was like I want to like tweet him or DM him, or something to show that like because what bothered me was at the end of the video he said. I know this. Video is gonna, make it so I never get to work with Shane ever, but he thought that that was gonna like he was like burning a bridge or something yeah and then I was like that's not like. Who do you think and he's talking about how rich he thinks I am and all these things I'm like who you have such a misconception of you to like most of us, aren't making that much, because the ads are so [ __, ], yeah and also like I'm I am okay with criticism. I, like we talked about hate myself yeah by the way, when someone makes fun of your content, does it upset you in the same way as one likes body image things I, don't care all right, so so, in a way you know you give and take some things: oh yeah and then, and also he was calling my conspiracy, videos, terrible and I full-heartedly. Don't believe that because I love making them so for me, I understand if he didn't like them, but for me I'm like well. If he was calling like my pizza eating videos, terrible I'd be like I, get it yeah but like like whatever but I like the way he edited in the way that he shot stuff so yeah, I DM him and he was like oh and then, like he's, I, probably surprised, yeah and then yeah I flew him out, he's a sweet kid he's like 21 yeah, so he's making a second show: that's gonna, be on your channel or what yeah I've always given the weekends to like newer, younger people like this girl, Alexis geez, all who was just starting out a few years ago. I. Let her take over Sundays right now. Have another youtuber named Esther. He takes over Saturdays I've, always just given my weekend to like you know smaller people who, like I, don't know, I've, always done that so Bobby I was like. Oh. That makes sense some days on my channel, we'll see how it goes. Nice, nice, I'll tune in I'll, see what Bobby's got to say seem to make a video talking, [ __ ] about batter everyday. We got one more call from Isabel, hello, Isabella, hey, hey! How are you hey? What's up, you got a question good. You have a question for sure. So first I just want to say: Shane I met you at your book tour and I like couldn't, say a word to you so hi anyway. My question is: can you give us any insight on like what scary haunted place? You're gonna go to next trade secrets. Thank you for your question. Isabel bless. You am, I saying your name right. Isabella Isabelle drops yeah you're, saying it right. Oh yes, scary! Stuff! Oh wait! So you guys are into ghosts up, - right right. So it's kind of a weird thing: I'm, not a believer. Okay, but I want to bleep a believer and every time we have a guest I ask them. What should ghost story, because it's like? Oh, it's, a weird parent, where I'm a very skeptical person but I, don't know our fans love it. So, every time we are here, we say: hey. What's your best ghost story? Sometimes they don't have one sometimes I got a great one. I am expecting there's a lot of ghost discussion to happen here must have been from Austin. Oh well, small. It's like a big ghost guy. Okay. He took me on a ghost hunt. Mm-Hmm and I was such a skeptical [ __ ]. That I was just goofing the whole time, but I guess you have to suspend your disbelief when you're doing that. Is that how you feel? Are you genuinely like they're spooks to be had right here? Real spoofs, I well so my boyfriend is, is like you very skeptical, hmm and every time we've done something goes hunting. He has a crazy experience and it's almost like he [ __ ] forgets it the next day my kill, mommy he'll hear a voice. Something will happen, something should touch him and whatever and he's freaked out in the moment. Then the next day he's like I, don't know. Maybe it was just like the [ __ ], wind or some time like we have it on camera, so I think if you're a skeptical person, nothing will really change that, maybe for me, I was I used to be skeptical and then when I was 11, I was laying in my bed and I felt like fingers on my back like a like one of these and I heard happy birthday and I thought it was just my mom. So then either your birthday, yeah I had like a really bad birthday and I'm sad whatever so I thought I was just my mom and then I turn over and there's nobody there. Yeah I was like whoa, so I run into my mom's room and at the time my mom's really religious. At the time my mom's, like oh honey, that was just your guardian angel. She knew he had a bad day or whatever. So at the time, I was like. Okay, mom love the Bible yeah later on in life I'm like wait, a minute, that's what [ __ ] something [, __ ] up um and then when I was 22 or something my dead grandma. My grandma died like a week prior and then I was sad and I looked up. I was like 11 p.m. watching friends. Look over and my grandma's standing in my closet like right. There. You just saw your grandma full-form, yes staring yes like standing there in my closet, like what was the vibe I was wearing a purple robe was it always wore? Was it like a friendly visitation? It was like it was dark in my room because I was watching TV at night and when I looked over, she was standing there and it was a little dark, but I still completely saw her and her face and she was just kind of blank faced and I like froze and I didn't know what to do and have you ever like thought something bad was happening and you just freeze and you don't know what to do so. I did that. Did that do that and then I got enough energy to run out of the room like we were staring for a long time. It felt like an hour, but it's probably you know ten seconds or something: okay, yeah and I. Just look at this and then I ran out of the room like barf like it was like really [, __ ] up and intense. My brother ran my mom. They met me in the hallway and the craziest part was my brother goes. Did you see grandma when I was like and he's like? 27 at the time did I seriously, god I never experienced anything like that. Why did he ask that I and I was just like? Oh my God, my God, my God. He goes because right before you started screaming, he's like I could feel her and he had her coffee table in his room and he's like and I looked down at the coffee table and like I, just like saw what I thought was her in the glass of it and then my mom was like I smelled her because she wore the same perfume all the time like we all the same experience at the same moment, which is crazy because my brother is total skeptic but he's like I thought what you saw her was your grandma, a very big part of your life up until then, she pretty much raised me and my mom was working a lot just down so my grandma, so she lived with you guys. Well, this is the most [ __ ] up part. So I'm we go back to my bedroom, we're all holding hands my mom's crying like we would like walk in and I'm there like. Where did you see her and I pointed, and my brother goes dude? Look? What the [ __ ] you're, pointing at I, was pointing at her purple robe that she wore every day cuz. That's the one thing I kept when she died. Cousin I just want to remember her and it was hanging in my closet. She was standing right in front of in it. Yeah I, guess, that's crazy! So then I went to a medium and I didn't even at the time really believe in mediums. But my girlfriend Thomas I so median is someone who talks to the dead was that right, the Long Island yeah and this lady, like doesn't, did she have crazy hair? It was in her basement, which was a little scary. Okay, she like solves murders. She works with the FBI like she doesn't really do it for people unless they're family friends, so she did it for me. Okay and before I even told her anything. She was like your grandma's here and she wants to talk to you and everything she said was stuff. I had never talked about. It was like your grandma knows about your. You know: eating disorder. Your grandma knows about this, and this and this and like you are getting towards death, if you don't figure, your [ __, ] out and I was I was bad as well yeah and my uncle, who I never told anybody this my uncle killed himself and I was really close to him and she goes and your uncle's here that she knew was a name and everything and she's like, and he does not want you to do it. Cuz I was pretty suicide. All the time, geez he's standing behind me. If that was when it was just like. You must have just been like how [ __ ] I lecture it yeah I was just like. Oh my god like this is all very real: it's not like huh and dark, and that did change my life. You know um. That would be a very formative experience in my life yeah. Yes, so how old were you when you spoke with the medium that was Sperry, 22 23 and that sparked your and those serious events about you, interests and ghosts and stuff yeah? So how do you see it now like? Do you see ghosts, as in hindsight, was that a friendly visitation? What was it? Was it something that which is your grandma spirit? Conscious was a ghost conscious or was she just kind of there unconsciously floating there? You know what I mean yeah I. Think energy, like energy, can't go away so I think when somebody dies their energy is still somewhere, so I think from what the medium said. You know when my grandma needed to tell me something or pop talk to me. She showed up in the forum that I remembered her ass, but that's like not what she is on the other side. Okay, so I, don't really know I. Think everything's on different. Look like you know. Your dog can hear certain sounds that weekend and dogs and cats and stuff can see ghosts supposedly I think they're just on a slightly different level than we are and then we're like right under it. So maybe maybe the ghosts are all around us. We just can't see it. So what I own you're in your ghost investigating? What's the craziest [ __ ] you've encountered we recently we went to the Queen Mary, which is like the most haunted ship in the world, a ship yeah a ship Hotel bigger than the Titanic twice as biggest. Is it just like a museum now or is it still the hotel now? Yeah? Oh, is it like a is it marketed as a spooky hotel? They [ __ ] with it a little bit, but it's more like it is a hotel, but there are certain lore that are [ __ ] and we stayed in like one of the most haunted rooms supposedly, but we were. We went down to the isolation ward, which is where they would take passengers who were sick and a lot of people died in there and I laid there with the recording tape recorder and we got a voice and we still don't know what it is. So you were there with a normal everyday tape: recorder, mhm filming the white noise yeah. You couldn't hear it at the time. No, but when you played it back, you could hear it. Are you yeah, and it's really it's one of those things where it's like I? It was so crazy that let's see it's right here, cuz I didn't I didn't know if we were really gonna get much cuz. You know when you have cameras and like a light on stuff, I think ghosts. Maybe don't want to really [ __ ] with you, but this you can hear me say guys. Cuz I thought my friends were whatever cuz. You were alone and kind of scared and it sounded like it was like feeding off you going like guys. [Applause] I pulled up the wrong time, but basically I say guys: Ian back there will he can pull it up guys. It was like a [ __ ] voice, and it's not one of these machines, cuz I've on ghost hunting and they have these machines that, like will just randomly, say, [ __, ] cuz. It's like an app or something right. This is just a reporter, so we're all recording- and none of us heard it. It wasn't in the raw footage, like none of us heard anything and then when we played it back. That was like something where I'm like okay- that was the first moment since my grandma, where I was like I literally can't explain this everything else. Whatever was coming out was like, oh, my god, it was, did you feel spooked there, or only afterwards, when you listen to that back you're like look there, because those rooms are really scary, like I went nine years ago with a friend and something pulled her pigtail in the middle of the night, and we like she's, not a believer, but we went to the front desk. I know something happened there like we told Oh something pulled her pigtails. She goes oh and the lady's like well. It has been known that the captain of the ship in the middle then I used to walk around poke, girl's, pigtails and then [ __ ] them I was like that's yeah. Okay, let's go to our second break. I want to pull up that clip we'll find it during the break and then we'll have a cued up ready for when we get back so do not go away there. Spooks and goofs to be had conspiracies to be discussed and, let's not forget other stuff, so don't go away. We'll be right back. Thank you to audible for sponsoring this episode. The HD podcast audible needs no introduction at this point. They've got the best service the best product, if you're not on audible. What are you doing with your life, for our audience on audible is offering a free audiobook with a 30-day free trial. If you want to listen to it audible, has it just go to audible.com, slash h3, podcast or text h3 podcast to 500 500 and browse their unmatched selection of audio content, download a title free and start listening. It's that easy. Whether you want to feel healthier, get motivated, learn something new or just relax and kick it audible has what you need. Imagine this you're going for a run! I! Imagine that's what some people do you going for a swim, you're playing video games? You can put on a book. You can learn something you can be entertained while you're doing that this is this kind of technology has never existed in the world before we're able to be productive on a level never before imagined but seriously. You can enrich yourself and study and learn while you're, taking a run, that's what's so powerful and that's what I love about audible, specifically I've been listening to Ernest Cline's ready player, one which has become almost like prolific in today's culture. If you guys haven't heard about it, Spielberg is working on a movie about it right now and it looks like a lot of fun. The movie. The book is incredible: it's like a 80s 90s nostalgia. Space romp, like a cyberpunk kind of future Rob, say romp a lot describe it, it's a total blast and it's about like a vr MMO. This whole world is overtaken by this VR MMO game like the world sucks, but everybody's plugs into this matrix and competing in this super immersive world like I, get it bro I've. You know, I've played a world Warcraft, it's even crazier than that. If you can imagine such a thing, it's a lot of fun, I highly recommend it. It's incredible. Here's a cool thing about audible. They have a speed control. You can listen at a faster or slower pace, depending on what better suits you. The narrator can slow or speed his pace. That sounds like it shouldn't be possible that feels like really cool. It should only be possible and ready player one. The future is now that is a very cool feature. Audible members get a credit every month, good for any audiobook. You guard las' of price and unused credits roll to the next month, and if you don't like an audiobook, you can exchange it. No questions asked none of this all. Really. What chapter specifically didn't you like? It's, not a book report. They trust you, unlike your teachers, if you remember not personal, but audibles are great they're, your friend, they J believe you. They would never accuse you of wine. I've got baggage, get a free, audio here's. This is too good to be true. Get a free audiobook with a 30 day free trial at audible.com, slash, h3, podcast or text h3 podcast, all one word: - 500 500, that's audible.com, slash, HTP, podcast or text issue, podcasts -, 500 500 for a free audiobook with a 30-day free trial. Thank you so much to audible for supporting the nation and finally, thank you to clip. Oh, my god, I love, these guys, gay. Let me see one of these toothbrushes. Imagine a world where a simple vibrating tube can be nominated as Time Magazine's, best invention of the year, a simple toothbrush. What does this simple toothbrush do? Well it cleans up your disgusting mouth with style and grace. Listen to this. What this does you turn it on and it times out three minutes: that's the perfect amount of brush and every 30 seconds. It gives you a little pulsating, it's just as if to say, keep going, buddy you're doing great, keep it up and what three minutes is done. It turns off and you know, you've got the best brush, but that's not all it does. It's got these really wonderful, like rubber heads and I am a stickler for softness all toothbrushes. I hate, like gum, gum problems, I do everything I can to avoid having gum problems, and this is the best toothbrush I found it. Has such a soft gentle head I get the best brush of my life and I'm obsessed with oral hygiene. I can't endorse the quip enough, give it a try for pete's sake, guys it's it's by far one of my favorite hot freakin items. Koopa loves it by the way. Quip starts at just $25 and if you go to get quick, comm, /h 3 right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at get quip, comm, /, H 3 spelled GE t qu. I p.com / h 3. This is the refill you want bro. This thing looks like it's out of a terminator film. It like it came up from the ground and there's smoke everywhere, like all you do is put this on. Every three months comes with a little battery. Unbelievable I cannot endorse this product enough. I love it and for $25 you really have got nothing to lose by giving it a try for the first time in your life. Yes, you somebody's gonna, want to kiss you and it's good you're gonna like it. So thank you to equip for sponsoring us as well as audible, if you're in the market, for any of those please consider supporting the show and by supporting our sponsors. Thank you. So much, let's get right back into it. Welcome back everybody today, shri podcast, as promised. Let's get spooked mm-hmm. So here it is here's what we were talking about with the recording [Laughter]. Oh that's what that's high pitch yeah! We have no idea what that well, don't let me go back because I'm, maybe I, don't think I'm I think I missed it. Oh I thought it was somebody. That's me okay, but then it sounds like a metallic. It's creepy. It sounds like a girl like yeah. That's, what's crazy, guys right! Oh, my god, like it's so [, __ ], like bat, grabbed my ponytail specific area where we heard that was in we're like so many people died like because it went into bed in the hospital right like okay. Okay, do you enjoy seeking it out like why it does it? Do you do it for the V? Do you do it for the viewers to create entertaining content, or does it give you a thrill or do you like? Do you hate it going and getting spooked, or is it a thrill, I love, it I think for me, I'm, like a weird I, always know when there's a ghost tryna ever since that experience I've just like been really open to it, so I enjoy it, but when something like that happens to real it, that to me felt like demonic, like that felt like we were [ __ ] with something and I did not enjoy that and later it [ __ ] me up for a while when I was editing, it I was like creeped out like that. I didn't really enjoy enjoyed the rest of it right. Everything on that boat felt kind of demonic. There was like this tapping in the closet right next to our heads. It sound like a like a fingernail. Do you feel that demonic forces can influence, have a direct influence on your life? God I? Don't maybe I don't have an answer. I'm just curious in and I don't know, I know that, like there is evil in the world right sure not like at what point, even the kid that and we'll get to the shooting, even the kid that shot at that school. So, okay, it's mental illness right, but if everybody and his family was like no, he was normal. We didn't see anything it's like so is that mental illness plus actual evil cuz. You have to be actually even do that when was twisted right so I mean he his fan. Well, I, don't know if you know the story was back around. Do you I know, I saw like an interview on good like he. Both of his parents died and he was in foster care and then his foster parents died like really awful, tragic background right, but I mean surely normal. There are normal people who are like right, just evil, I, don't know it's like a next level thing, because just normal mental illness, it's like there's so many people suffering with mental illness. You would think that there would be even more crazy things going on in the world, but it almost feels like it. I don't know I'm, not even religious I, don't know, but I've definitely felt like some evil. [ __, ] mmm and like when I see those stories on the news I'm like that's so [ __, ] up and evil like like how Sandy Hook, like literally, why I'm like how ya know I can't believe its unfathomable yeah I, do want to talk. You know what why don't? We I wanted to talk about conspiracy, videos, but why don't we just segue into where we're going, because I saw that you made a tweet we'll come back to the conspiracy videos, because I I love this [ __ ]. This is so good, but you I want to go down here when we're talking about the Florida shooting yeah. Let me start by showing this tweet, which basically made me think like hey I, want to talk to Shane about this, because I felt the same way. He said so [ __, ], heartbroken and pissed at what happened in Florida I. Just don't understand why the world is so [ __, ] up, sorry, I, don't have something more eloquent to say, I'm just enraged, and so sad and I felt the same way. I'm like man like it, was exactly what I was feeling when I saw that to it. People say it's like the eighth school shooting and in one year 18 18 18. Yes, in like three month two months, yeah I mean there's possible much wrong with American society. That's in it that this [ __ ] keeps happening to these poor [ __, ] kids, when I was a kid I didn't have any [, __ ] drills. Nobody expected someone to come shoot up. My school apparently because I was listening to these kids, who were at the school talking about like we've done drills, we're all prepared for this [ __ ]. It's like what this is part of what something that they have to actually worry about, something that always pissed me off. That I think make it worse, and it's funny how much [ __ ] YouTube gets from the media, the media's coverage of these guys. They say their name, they glorify them. They put them on the scoreboard. The school shooter high score list like it's a [ __, ], arcade game like this guy got 18, it's the second most deadliest. Only by these other two guys they have the high score. It's like stop saying their name, stop advertising their score. It's part of the allure and that I mean there's so much more that's wrong, but that one always pisses me off, because the media has got this like do goodie like hey we're just more in the facts, but they are doing it so that people watch and they're selling ads on it and they're marketing this [ __ ]. This is a story that I've I've mentioned several times the podcast, but just as a quick aside during the Vegas shooting I was watching CNN and they rolled a five minute long commercial during the live broadcast. While that was happening and the same brands like dr. pepper and coke coal and all these sons of [ __ ], and it's like it's just so sane dude, it's so sick, yeah I said, and we say you know a dick joke and we can't get an ad, but you can advertise on people actually dying like it's so crazy to me. It's easy works. It is insane and it they don't care. That's why, when the me to thing happened, you know and obviously I'm all for that. But what was frustrating was you know all these talk shows and all these news all this news coverage of it was very much like it's like. First of all, you all knew about how Harvey Weinstein everybody knew the fact that I knew and I'm, not in Hollywood yeah. My mom knew and she's just going to church in Starbucks and she knew yeah. It was a bad person. So it's like that to me it's like, and do you even really care you're, just wanting clicks you're, you know I'm, not a pedophile, but that got you clicks. I, don't really care. So you put the story out there. It's like I, don't know using the kids, the shooters name and his face and his picture in this and I endless stories about who he was and what he did and yeah. Oh we're so intrigued by this guy like it's like. You have people like Charles Manson who was like fangirls, because how the media sensationalized him yeah, it's like yeah, and they have like this huge breaking story right after this Harvey Weinstein actually raped 50 more women that we thought coming up after this dr. pepper ad yeah, that's insane, but that's one part of it. That really upsets me. The other part, is it like. This is a polarizing issue, but guys this is my opinion. Okay, I think that arming teachers is an objectively insane she's, like I, think that in an objective world we're all like hey. Well, here's a color. What color is that were like? That's a blue! That's blue I think in a world as objective as that giving teachers guns is that [ __ ] insane. It's pure lunacy like on the way here we release into the news, and they were talking about how this is the solution that is being suggested now and they think Trump was saying that they do. Maybe they can offer bonus to teachers with guns, we're strapped, weird evolving, no gonna reward a teacher based on if they have a gun or not and not based on how well they know physics right like let's not listen, let's for ignore, actually teaching. Now, let's focus our bonuses on if you're strapped, imagine knowing like imagine going back into school and knowing that your teacher had a [ __ ] gun like I was afraid. My teacher would like take away my Twizzlers or whatever imagine knowing here. She has a [ __, ] gun yeah and my teachers, and we talked about this earlier. Then my teacher I had three different teachers: have mental breakdowns in class? Why don't my teachers got on a table, screamed I'm going to kill myself? Are you this was in Long Beach California? Oh okay, yeah! She was a nice lady, but she got a phone call sweet. Lady rang she got a phone call just a second kids, and then she started crying and we're all it's like. Oh my god, and then she hung up and another teacher came in and comforted her her dad died in the hospital. Then she gets another phone call. Her brother died minutes later because he had a heart attack watching his dad died. So she had these two things happen and then somebody threw gum at her. The grieving woman got her hair. She got up on the table, screams, couldn't kill herself through a chair and then ran out. We never saw her again imagine if she had a [, __, ] gun crazy. Who knows like so? Can teachers guns like listen, I'm, not political at all, like I'm, not a left or right, I. Don't care! I, don't know whatever, but like to me. The fact that, like all these people are like stop politicizing, you know the deaths of all these kids right away. Let the families grieve it's like well, if we don't politicize it right away, people get over stuff, so [ __, ], fast yeah. In a week, people are gonna, be like anyways. This whole point doesn't make sense to me: I, don't understand that I feel like they're genuinely just deflecting the actual I think. The actual solution to me is not selling ar-15s to mentally unstable children. Yeah, but they're deflecting that with this, what this total [ __ ] proposition to give teachers guns, which is disingenuous because it's insane and will never happen, and so just long enough, so that people forget and then we could move on to the 19th shooting yeah Wow yeah cuz like what? What is the solution? It's is it I, don't know anything about guns, I, don't think we should take away guns I, don't care! It's not like my thing but like what is the solution? Is it taking away so they shouldn't be able to buy cuz the gun that he used was crazy. Everything is I, know it killed, 17 people in seven minutes, that's the greaseless or me. Maybe that's not the exact numbers, but something like that. Yes, why do you need that gun yeah? What here I'm like in the army? You have guns like that: okay, like even hunting and stuff. Like you, don't you know, you're hunt. Let me show you what a ar-15 looks like this is the gun that is basically like the favorite gun of a school, a military weapon, semi-automatic. It's got a huge clip. It's made to kill people and like- and neither of us is an expert on this topic at all. But why do we even need to be experts to agree yeah? So there's a problem here and the thing that frustrates me is like there's there's two people, okay guns like let's have more and I, don't believe that we should take all guns away. I think that we should have common sense, gun laws, so there's people who say- and then people dilute that even more, it's like you're against all guns or you're for all guns, I'm for common sense, gun laws, and so that's one person and then the other person is the way I see it. There's a problem, you fix it. It's clearly a problem here happens so many times, I come from Israel and in Israel a lot of times. You'll have all of a sudden a new trend, a new trend of a new terrorist trend. You mean yeah, a notorious trend of stabbings, oh my god and I. Don't know, I, don't even know exactly what was the solution, but the country work on it, and then they figure a solution, and then it stops. So this one seems so clear to me. So what I was gonna say that I remember was there's it's either: gun control or mental health. So is like okay, fine. If the people who are in charge think it's a mental health issue. What are you doing to address that? Nothing so I don't understand, but then also the mental health thing confuses me too, because if you're have mental health issues, but you've never been to a doctor a psychologist or anything, can you just walk in and buy a gun and there's no proof that you have mental health issue? How did is there proof? Well, I, guess they're saying it's like: we need better treatment for these people. We need to fix the issue before they go in and buy a gun interesting. It doesn't seem. I think both are good, but as far as I can see, they're cutting health care is becoming less accessible, so I see if that's what they generally think it is it's becoming a worse. Oh, it's becoming less effective right, I saw someone say like 9/11 happened once and nobody's used airplane to crash into a building. Since then it happened one time that is cruising 9/11 happen and it changed everything I mean the security lines got longer. You know how many other things that's. That was the point. I was trying to make yeah. So why you, if you figure out, there's a problem that repeats itself, yeah I, don't know I I actually made a list of reasons, keep dying. Just it seems like there's a lot of reasonable people who think that we should be arming teachers. I made a list of reasons why it's insane I, don't know how deep I want to get into this. There was a. There was a deputy at the school who was armed. He was an officer and when the shooting began he ran and hit. That is a trained deputy who was there to protect the kids? What is a [ __, ] teacher, middle-aged female, a woman or man who spends his time around children supposed to do with a handgun against the ar-15 assault, rifle I missed, oh I'm dead with everybody, yeah and I shot a kid who was running because I panicked. Oh my god, you have KITT. If you have guns laying around deranged kids are more likely to get them from a careless teacher. Whatever all right, let's move passes. Let's talk about conspiracy theories. Well, speaking of the shooting, that's the biggest one right now is the Raisa sector. That's a good place to start. What do you think about the tell me about what that conspiracy is? First, so crisis actors are a conspiracy, I, don't even know if it's a conspiracy at this point, because it's well basically people think that the media good sir well, people think that the media hires actors to pretend like they were in the tragedy to be on camera, to be interviewed because normal people that just saw their friend I probably can't talk to a camera like they're, too late, [ __ ] up. So the news wants that scoop, so they hire like Tim to come over here. Pretend like you, were there and Trustin. You know so. There's certain people that have been at like the same woman has been at Sandy, Hook and she's been at 9/11 and she's been at. This is a real thing. So, if you watched some of the videos, I think it's like sometime the same people, and it's not that crazy to me, because the news is [ __ ] crazy. So why? Wouldn't they just have roaming actors right, you know, so they couldn't use a different actor. That seems like to be changed a little bit, think I'm a wig or something and then glasses little things this one woman they didn't do very much to like she look very similar same voice and everything um Wow Ian pull up some of that [ __ ] I want to see that God yeah I want to see that so the latest one like the Sandy Hook dad. Have you seen that video get me the Sandy Hook dad goddamn it when I show everybody, because this is the one that I actually can't explain, because I don't want to believe it. But this dad who lost a child was on the news that night and he didn't know the camera was rolling and he's like laughing and then he says like are we rolling and then you see him like very quickly turn mmm he's you'll see changes. You know it's very interesting, so people think he's at a crisis, actor, okay and that you know nobody's saying that the kids didn't die. Nobody say well, some people saw a lot of John's had a conspiracy theory that it was all of what he called a false flag to steal guns and that that they're, the kids didn't exist to begin with. Yeah, that's pretty bananas. Yeah I, don't believe that the explanation of that makes sense because, as you said, the media is [, __ ] insane yeah. They want that interview. They want that sound bite for their like commercial break. You know like I was there it was crazy more coming soon, um say when you see the Sandy Hook dad that one's very interesting grab that money and I want to see the. How do you call it if you just type in you know Sandy, Hook, father, okay, I, think maybe which, by the way, no disrespect I always say that no disrespect like it, but it is very interesting to watch it's like fascinating, it's weird, but so this new kid there's a kid who you know, people think is a crisis actor, because some of his interviews have been a little weird and you know people have seen him on other news channels doing other things previously. He was in California at one point saying he lived there, but now he's saying he lives in Florida, whatever I don't think he's a crisis actor, but it became a thing because Donald Trump's son liked a tweet about it. Oh yeah yeah, you be as a public official like an accusation like that on Twitter, accusing a child who's just survived a cool shooting of being a [ __, ] phony I know go to look in the yearbook. You idiot you're done here. The president's son just open a yearbook before you like a tweet like that ya, [, __, ], loser, yeah and people did look in the yearbook and he's there. So it's like he's not a crack. There they've been planning this for a long time. According to Trump jr., you can please been in every yearbook again objectively insane. Let's call the color blue blue yeah, you don't like a tweet, accusing a survivor of a school shooting of being a phony yeah. It's so tasteless yeah, that's crazy, even as a youtuber I wouldn't like that, because I have some I have some responsibility, depression so, basically, yet the could so there's. So what is the theory? Why are they using this crisis? At there? Well they're saying all the kids are plants. Some people are saying: that's the thing it were my god like I love conspiracies, but those ones are so crazy to me. Cuz, it's like wow there's. If you go on like liveleak and stuff like when a tragedy like this happens as [ __ ] up as it is I, do go on websites and watch real footage of it, because I want it to really [ __ ] sink in. You want to actually understand how [ __ ] it because then I get like [ __ ], angry I'm, like we need to figure this out, like there's footage of it. I didn't think about that, but like when the Vegas shooting happened, like I, was really [, __ ] up over that cuz I [, __, ], love, Vegas, and that really [ __ ] me up. So when I watch the actual footage of that I'm, like so horrified yeah and I'm, like anybody that thinks this didn't happen. Like look at that, it's like come on, you know oh yeah and and I mean that just goes to show you how a custom we we're. We are used to children being slaughtered. We're like oh [, __, ], alright, this time, it's really like I, don't know people are really tired of it. I think made me finally there'll be some change even youtubers, like the fact that nothing changed as far as VidCon I mean greets and stuff after christina Grimmie. I don't you remember literally shot in the face awful at a meet-and-greet where there's like 20 people, 20, kids, it's like and you go to VidCon and there's thousands of thousands it's like, and maybe they didn't do- security I, don't know. But for me personally, whenever I've done like another being greed, it's like no there's not that much change. You can still just walk up and do it. Mm-Hmm I got that didn't wake anybody up, which is so [ __ ] up so but yeah. There's a lot of conservatives who are using this crisis actor thing to legitimize. It say, like these, kids were coached by CNN and all this stuff, but anyway, that [ __ ] is so tasteless that it's hard to convey. Let's talk about something, that's great and hilarious: let's start with the Mattress Firm conspiracy, which gave me in total [ __, ] giggle. Let me pull this off so give the audience a little. It's reference like Oh, crazy. Just for me, okay, so you're reporting. First of all, this resonated with me cuz I'm, like you're right, what's going on mattress stores yeah. So here let me just start by showing this clip from your video Andrew. He told me a couple years ago he was visiting his hometown in Al Ghanim winter, and he noticed that there were three mattress firms on the same street, so I decided to pull up Google Maps and check it out myself, all right, Mattress Firm near Algonquin, three on the same street, not just to show you how close they are to each other. Let's look at the satellite view. Alright, here's the first door now we're just gonna, go up the street two clicks and then I mean that's crazy and he's not the only person that has noticed this. There are tons of videos of people driving around their city, showing how close and how many mattress firms there are. I need a mattress, there's a story, but there's there's some places with kids. I've been tweeting like there's some places where there's like 20 in a city and I didn't really understand what money laundering was. No, but when I really looked into I'm like that makes a lot of sense, not I, don't wanna get sued, but it makes a lot sense. So wait. Money laundering is when you like pretend to have sales. So, yes, people buy like super marked up mattresses. No, so basically, you know back in the day Al Capone, who was a gangster, made all this many millions of dollars, so he would buy laundry mats and then take all his money, spread. It take money to banks and say this is how much we made it: the laundromat, okay and then the bank million bucks exactly so long. So mattress stores mattresses are expensive. You can say: oh yeah, we sold five thousand dollars of mattresses today and just give them that fake money and I don't know like that. One to me really makes sense. Well, our producer Dan was like there are a ton of Matt. What was your experience with that? Then you have a mattress stored thing. Oh yeah, totally I mean I've I've. Had this thought I didn't know. This was like a wider conspiracy, but in my neighborhood there are tons of mattress stores with products in there and no no customers ever like nobody ever can it. Somehow year they've been open for six years, Plus, never seen a single soul in there and yeah there's. Definitely something fishy going on. So when I, when I heard that I'm, not the only one I was, and the company that owns all the mattress stores, I think I cut it out of my video because I don't want to get sued, there's nothing that owns all the mattress stores now is in trouble for like fraud and stuff and all their seat. Wow left well. The real question is: how are they making their money? What's? Are they laundry probably drug money or something? Oh well? This is nothing I didn't put in there. I didn't know that I think it's five percent I think five percent of money in the world is black market money or, like you know, dirty money from you know sex or drugs or this or that and I think the number was like eight hundred three hundred billion. It was like that high, like that's how much money is being like laundered, different places. It's just crazy, I, guess I wonder if the government even cares that one cuz, when you're laundering money you're paying taxes so they're getting paid because you're still you're like hey. This is legit income right. So, like I got my tax money, I got my fifty percent yeah. So these laundry stores are these mattress stores are legit. There's a store by my house. That I think is is fake. It's like a it's like a cupcake shop and the cupcakes are clearly shitty like we used to see stores like that. All the time in Israel, like I'd, walk by a pastry store with the worst pet I go I'm like you know, I'm at Rhys place it's like three days old and I walk by and there's like all these middle-aged guys hanging out the front. I'm like you guys are have to be laundering. Oh yeah, crazy, there's a place up! Oh there's a place not that far from here, that's like a soundstage and the front office of it looks like Scarface. It's a crazy, crazy furniture. Whatever and the guys that run the place, no [ __ ] like do whatever you want, 200 bucks for a whole day of a really awesome. Soundstage I'm like there is no way [Laughter]. What other like kind of remarkable strange conspiracies. Have you come across like that, because that one to me was like I love because we've all been to a mattress store and it's always empty yeah there's like five salespeople, some of them I loved thinking about some of them are really dark. I mean I've got. We have some funny one way, I pick some out from I never heard of this. Apparently everybody knew this about me. Murph's is an allegory for the KKK. What and then like dan or alex back there was like yeah look at the villain from Smurfs all right: oh yeah been awhile since I've seen The, Smurfs and I pulled it up ago. Like you anti-semitic yeah, that's what my grandpa looks like, but that's cuz yeah. It is like Walt, Disney I, don't I, don't know all the history of it, but yeah a lot of people that used to run all those places were like kind of racist and kind of [ __ ] up just like good old way. Good old boys like when you really look back at some of those cartoons, like it's crazy that somebody put it I mean like the black caricatures, how they used to portray like black people in the 30s and [ __ ] was so racist, bro yeah, that's crazy. That one was was I. Had a good laugh at tell me more about this. One Rebecca Black's song Friday, is about JFK assassination I have a history with Patrice Wilson too, so I love to hear what the hell that means. I. Don't really remember that was like I, remember, being creeped out by it. I remember it was a joke, but then it creeped me out something about everything. She was saying in the song like correlated with the actual assessment because, like her wreck riding in the backseat right guy in those fancy gave me the chills, because it's not bodies in the grassy take Jesus is an alien, oh, that one to me doesn't even feel like a conspirator that one's just self-explanatory, yeah right like, but that's so all like all the old paintings and all that stuff and even in the Bible. My mom used to explain to me like how they would say, Jesus would like come and talk to people, and it was. There was UFOs in the Bible. There is something else, but it's like from the other world. Comes this thing. That's cylinder like it's in the Bible and I'm all the painting, sethi Salou, UFOs and stuff, and to me it's like Jesus can like supposedly you know, do magic and heal people every alien movie. You sees the same thing healing people with their touch. My fingers like and all the primitive guys are like it's magic, but he's just like hey it's not magic. It needs a little [ __ ], my Zippo, that won't make sense. Jesus is an alien now cardi B is an Illuminati puppet crack me up because there's this moment where she pauses right, okay, that moment to me, like, of course, when I first saw it on Twitter I like laughed and then the more I watched it and the more I showed people the like. When you watch it three times it gets weirder. Let me pull it up like it's so weird like she clearly is just like kidding Dean. This is her being interviewed, so there's a clip of Al Roker having a stroke he's just like yeah for a long time like way more intense. Let me start here acted, but what's the conspiracy exactly? What does this have to do with the Illuminati that you paused? So people think that a lot of celebrities are under. You know like a hypnosis mind-control type of things do and that when you break out of it or that when you talk about breaking out of it, they kind of turn you off, which might have been what they did to Britni and Amanda Bynes, and all these people that very publicly lose their minds during an interview, or maybe this not that my new I mean I, think people. Nobody really believes this I, don't think. Okay, it is like when you watch it a few times. It's really weird: let's have a look being echoed nervous, a little bit shaky. She didn't reference, okay, didn't say like haha and the interviewer didn't say like she did but like why? What's he trying to be funny? That's what I said. Let me just try to be funny, but when I'm trying to be funny and I- and it's like not that funny or something I say something anyways just kidding, she didn't wants to joke about just feeling like I, don't know or like that's funny person. Yeah I saw him tonight, Sean weird right, like maybe she was just joking spit. I'm gonna show you man so nervous a little bit over 100 [Applause] [Music] and keep watching the people behind her who I've learned now. One of them is her sister, but the people behind her look over at the same moment and then when they look away. She like comes back. It was it's very like you know what she's like I, don't know: I feel a little weird, I feel a little. So maybe that was the joke. She's I feel a little weird right and then she's like, but then wouldn't she say something after wouldn't she be like. Oh, that shows dude man so yeah anyway, that one is interesting, whatever she's been afflicted by, they really [ __ ] al roker up yeah. Let me pull that I've got this one while ago and it we gotta watch it again yeah. This is one of the trickiest things. I've ever seen, [Applause] keep in mind. 35 years ago we passed away the king of rock and roll is Mark. Cohen says: there's a pretty little thing waiting for the king down in the junk that that I've seen a deaf person die before that's what it looks like. It literally looks like that: I swear to God I was like he's having a stroke, but apparently he's fine well, but then there's other clips of him getting hypnotized on The Today Show, and it looks the same. So people think that something might have triggered him and like I'm, a conscious decision to do that. Yeah right I mean. Why would you consciously just well? Why would Wendy Williams like when you saw that? Why did she grab her brain and stuff? You know when she passed out and she gained it was such like a oh and then, when she came back, she's like I was dehydrated I'm like what I don't know but like I, think something went on as possibly her vision was blurry and so she's like he said she was going for her crown to make sure her crown stayed on that show I like that. She comes to our hosts yeah, but then, when they talk too much, she tell them shut up, yes get dark. What do you got? Reggie Watts, the Sandy Hook, dad, of course I haven't got it? Did you guys find the sandy couldn't find it without like annoying commentary? Did you guys find it no I? Would all the videos I could find have text on the screen when it x-files music in Texas yeah? It was I, couldn't find the ruffle. That's a shame! Um all right! Well, c'est la vie sandy hug dad we're here has they know ever fun tried to figure out. Does this guy hat have family photos with the I? Remember me back when it first went on I, remember a lot of people found out that he was an actor and he had like you know resume and he had been in plays and stuff which doesn't prove anything just shows he's an actor but yeah. There was a lot of that like oh, that's, not his real kid and stuff, but I didn't really get too much into that. Cuz that that to me is just too [ __ ] up, if he's not an actor I feel really bad for him. Yeah! That's who now now I, would never talk about it. In a video like when I made the video about him, it was like three years ago or something now I would never do that, because it's like that's why I haven't talked about the other crisis actor kid because I'm, just like that's just yeah yeah target uses, skinny mirrors that one I didn't think was gonna even happen. I was just like. Oh, this will be kind of funny and then, when I actually did take pictures in the target mirror versus really I mean I, know that doors skinny, because skinny mirrors are real like they went on Shark Tank. They did this whole thing. Yeah, oh yeah, it's very real but like in target I've, always realized that I, like what I look like in Michael I. Don't like what I look like I hate it less then I hate less investor slogan. No, that one would the before and after pictures were pretty crazy, but now nervous target might get mad at me. I don't know, but so in these conspiracy theories. Yes, you take them all very serious in the video you you're like, for example, you had a video about the moon as a hologram I think you know, oh no, when it's vacuum crazy I always say that first, like this, one's crazy I like I, obviously don't believe, is the moon, real I think so a lot of people don't they're just a lot. My brother is still like earth is flat. Hundreds you want to own brother yeah I want to like and I want to sit with him and do a video about it. Cuz he genuinely he's like I will prove it to you. I'm, like that's the one where my I can't. What does he say about the Elon Musk car and space with the live cam? Does he think the elands in on the conspiracy I didn't talk to him about that, but that when that did happen, I was like oh I guess this is gonna shut down a little flat or a thing, but it made it even bigger. Now more even more people like that was fake. It's funny. It's interesting that you, your own bread, cuz, I've, long suspected, that is a bunch of trolls and that nobody actually believes people always say like. No one really believes that, but that's interesting. Well, that's, but then like when you think about it back when the 911 conspiracy started, everybody was every. If you publicly talked about that, you were a troll, an idiot. This is that, and now it's like most people, if you ask like do you think there was my 9/11? Was an inside job like 50/50 or gonna, be like yeah fifty you they yeah. There was some website that I think was Wall Street Journal somebody did a thing on it or they pulled people in just fifty percent. That thought that there was some [ __ ] going on, but it's different levels of it. Yeah yeah I, don't think it didn't happen. Do I think the government had some plans in it like there's too many things pointing to yes. What is your opinion on the JFK assassination? The classic most time held conspiracy that one honestly, like I, haven't even really gotten into that one mm-hmm. Just because I it doesn't excite sounds [, __, ] up, that's fair! No, that's fair I! Don't get like it sold it sold. It sold mean any time I've like went into it and stuff I'm. Just like I, don't know him fair enough. That was probably some somebody else: yeah yeah, okay. Alright, let's do a hard twist here you had a podcast Shane and Friends. It just disappeared one there right, oh, like what happened to your podcast, so the theory so yeah that was [, __ ], up um I, don't even I haven't even made a video or anything about it because I don't know what I'm allowed to say or what I should say: cuz, it's so confusing, basically full screen, which was where the podcast was AT&amp;T, bought full screen and then AT&amp;T was like mmm. We don't like the app or something which is where we were so like a lot of people like a lot of people lost their jobs like which is so [ __ ] up very quickly with no like no that's insane. You had a contract with them right, I had just signed like for two more years or something Wow and they're. Just like smell you later, yeah I mean the guy that runs fullscreen, I love him I've known him. For ever he created the partner program on YouTube, like he's old right right right, even he was like. Maybe I should say he I, don't think that he knew it was very like I think it shocked everybody mmm, you know for me, I, don't care about the money, I, don't care whatever, but like my co-host, that was her only form of income and now, like she's out of a job. So that's been really hard, so are they? They surely must be somewhat accountable. If you had a contract, they can't just. Can they just breach? I might be like sorry, new company, I smell you later I, don't think so, especially it's a yeah. This is like hey, it's a million dollars just yeah, exactly so I'm kind of waiting to bring back the podcast cuz I, don't know. What's going on cuz huh, some people they're like well. No we're still gonna make it cuz. We owe you the money we might as well make it we'll just put it on another platform. That makes sense. That's I, don't know. What's going on that, so I'm just kind of waiting. How long has it been on hiatus forced hiatus since, like Christmas, damn yeah these big companies, man, they're, jerks- guess what I found so? Would you consider just doing it back on your own? If nothing I want to achieve figured switcher would hate for it mm-hmm and like timewise, cuz I want out, like you guys, have like a team and something I want to do that. Yeah I, just don't know how to pay for that. Yet um I may have something interesting to talk to you about. I was gonna I have a business proposition? Have you considered doing that like your own podcast network? Yes, we've just talked about know if I'm supposed to talk about this stuff, cuz, it's an ocean but I, don't give a flippin heck. Um we've been talking with. Well, don't say sorry, but we already brought it up. We were thinkin cuz. We already figured out everything yeah and [ __ ]. We have friends who know that want to do the podcast. Maybe we can help them. Yeah production has actually become a production company. It's like why? Don't they youtubers band together and say like no, we all have podcast. Let's all do it together and figure it out versus, like you know, I mean yeah. I might take a little while to get no real money going. But it's like it's that's better than having the rug pulled out. I'll say this: my dream is to build a dream studio and to be able to produce podcasts for multiple different people. Well, just kind of like swap out the backdrop, change the lights a little bit and everybody has a really beautifully produced, well, shot, podcast and- and we have it so streamlined here. Like it's been a year of kind of grueling, trial and error for us and I think like we really have a turnkey solution for four people to do it so I think that'd be really cool. Yeah, we'll talk about that. But let's talk about this, who somebody found was sent to us, let's see. So this is the. What do we Robbie Parker so again, the backstory is that he's a Sandy Hook dad who some people say is a crisis actor mm-hmm. Well, in a situation like this I remember at Virginia Tech when I went out there, parents loved ones of slain young people wanted to remember their sons and their daughters and as a result, they spoke and made a statement we'll see if Parker and make a statement looks like the family. Is there and they're getting ready to make okay hang on family? Is there they're getting viki's in? What is this video wrong with this skin? Oh well, it's when you see it like that like when you see it full vert, full quality, its he says are we are we are we getting started? Are we rolling and he's laughing he's looking back you're laughing and then he goes into the and then once he starts talking it's like it's a very big switch. It's like my name is like it gets like very it just oh, it's very unsettling everybody I've showed has been like ah I'll say this. It is completely within the realm of possibility that the media, but it could also be that it was just like a nervous, yeah, yeah yeah, performing something that's pretty ballsy of the media to be like pretend that you're, the father of someone who was murdered in the school shooting that seems so ballsy or are they thinking like they're, doing a good service because it's like well, the actual father is too emotional to be on camera, but we want his story to get told. Let's have somebody portray it almost like the neighbors and people who know this guy? Wouldn't they immediately say like hey? That's not him. Sometimes it happens like with your thing going on right now. That's happening with that. I! Don't remember! It was a while ago. I don't remember. There is one girl that everybody thinks is a crisis, actor and she's like publicly come out and been like I'm, not you're, ruining my life by saying this stop so in reference to which event somebody saw her at claims, they saw her at three different shootings. There was a movie theater and Sandy Hook, I think and then another one that one I never believed in, like that's a different girl, mm-hm and I. Don't really believe, but I definitely think it's not crazy, like the idea of the news, hiring I mean the idea, the new scripts, so many things like that thing that just came out with CNN like it's, so many things are on CNN. Well, there was a couple things. There is one I think two years ago that CNN got caught like actually faking a crime scene like there was like two tripods with the caution tape and the ones like we're here. It's like a live crime scene, and then somebody took a picture from the crew like it's not, and you know what a dad was like. Oh well, you know. Technically there was another one like yesterday were a kid from the shooting was like CNN handed me a script and told me exactly what to say and told me not to say, sir right I'm, like that's a little weird but I. Don't think the events never happened like they happened, you know yeah. This is my favorite fake news moment. This is the greatest moment in this casting is in Wayne New Jersey this morning. You know: that's funny! Luck! No you're gonna love this good morning. Obviously we're getting a nice break from the rain, but not the flooding. This is essentially this guy's, like [ __, ] yeah. My house is flooded. Ain't got time for this [ __ ]. You know it's funny and light-hearted, but in a way it's like they're, perfectly comfortable goofin, the truth. Well, even in Vegas all those people that were there saying I heard another shooter I heard multiple shooters I heard two really that's a theory. I didn't know that one girl very adamant. She was there. She's, like I, saw another gunman, hmm what the Vegas there's no information about that I know. A lot of people are angry and they're like what actually happened, because the FBI is not releasing any information about this guy. Why he did it they're like oh, there was a note in the room and they're not saying what it was. No, we don't even know the guy's motive. Do we the theory? Well, I, don't know his motive. The theory, though, that I don't even know if I believe, but it seems possible, is that he was actually working for the FBI and it was supposed to be like a sting operation where they were going to like coax Isis people into this hotel room with like a potential like gun trade or some, because yeah like a bathtub full of guns whatever in order to catch them or something, and then when the ISIS people got there, they like kill them, took the guns and did the shooting themselves. That one seems crazy to me, but because we don't know anything else, you know Jesus. Imagine well. If that is what happened, they would be like. We need to make sure that people know that we didn't [ __ ] up that bad. That's exactly so! It's like if that did happen, of course, the government they never gonna. Let anybody know about that, because I'm sure that, like sting operations, all the stuff happens, probably all the time right. So it's like if one goes wrong right, just blame it on this. You know so far down the meme hole, yeah yeah, here's some questions. Let's hear I got some calls and multiple uh. Let's see what conspiracy theory! Okay, let's try this one call. Let's talk with Dominique Dominique you are on with Shan dasa. Oh, oh thanks! Man I appreciate you! God bless you they don't! Oh my god! My question is: what was the first conspiracy that kind of got you hooked? I know mine was 911 that kind of spooked me even though being young, my parents told me like they lived in New York at the time, but still I knew somebody's. A little sketch and I want to know what was your first experience in getting like what the [ __ ] is going on. With these conspiracy theories, thank you. Hey thanks, guys, I appreciate you. Man thanks man, do the best. 9/11 was a big one, but also there was a movie that I don't know. If you guys saw I feel like everybody saw it and it ruined their life for like a month, it's called I, think sight, guys and I know I've seen it, but some I think honestly. I don't smoke weed, but there was like a year of my life during high school, where I was stoned all the time and I think that's when I watched that and it's all a blur yeah when I watched it ruined my life for like a month, because it basically is saying everything's, fake and God's, not real and aliens. It's just like everything's like not real, okay, and that, like was like, what's the point of life no a month of that, but that conspiracy, idea of like nothing being real everything's fake, whatever mixed with the 911 stuff, because my mom at the time was so like loved Bush, loved Bush, whatever I, don't know what she would say now. But when I watch that loose change documentary about 9/11 listen, I was young and I was like. Oh my god, I showed my mom and even she was like wait a minute. We there is something off like that's when I was like, oh my god, II think, you're, saying all right and I'm crazier, so yeah all the 9/11, cephalic I'm, still, okay, that everyone. What's a fact about, 9/11 that you think is like if you, if everyone only knew this fact, they would know that it was a conspiracy. Bombs went off in the building before any planes hit and I've heard that, but I am not sure that I've seen compelling evidence to support. Oh yeah there's this guy. He was a janitor and he was at 9/11 saved, like 20. People's lives got like a medal for it all this stuff, and he was doing you know, pressed tours about it and when he would do the pre-interview, he would tell them like well. You know the bomb happened in the lobby at where I was before the plane hit like. Why is nobody whatever and they'd always tell him? Don't bring that up? Don't bring that up? Don't bring that up, so they would tell him not to talk to someone change. No, this wasn't you yeah. This is a whole separate. He did like a whole thing about it. There was that there was people that were there in the lobby when the bomb went off that have done interviews like right away on the news back when it first happened, like there's interviews from the news of people being like there was a bomb in the lobby. There's bomb lobby, there's like firemen saying like there was a bomb in the lobby like there's all this footage of it, and you can even hear it like in footage. You can hear it's. That's the craziest part to me, so it's like and the government's like. Why not just say like. Oh the terrorists put bombs in Lobby, just say that, like what I don't know who did it, but somebody did it, they were there. So what was that? Also? Oh people that were working in the building, so one building got hit by a plane and then the other building you would think, would evacuate, obviously, but on the intercom it was telling them stay. Hmm everybody stay. Why like this one guy in this documentary was like I was staring out. The window and I saw a colleague of my jump and on the intercom as that's happening, they're saying everybody stay you're, fine, you're safe, he's like why? Were they telling me to stay? Why weren't they telling me to get out and then right after that they plane at the second building things like that: I'm like what just doesn't make sense: I guess they didn't want I mean I, guess the explanation being that they didn't want panic yeah they I mean. Surely nobody, maybe it seemed dangerous that the first building would collapse. So you safer, if you stay right inside I, don't think anybody, okay, assuming it's not a conspiracy I, don't think anyone anticipated that the buildings could possibly collapse. I, don't think that was a possibility in anybody's mind. Wow. The bigger theory is that the government planted bombs in the building drove off so that the building would collapse, because from what everybody says, there's no possible way that the building's could have collapsed from a plane hitting it and buildings nearby collapsing for no reason what just like doesn't make any. So what was the end goal of the government in doing that? People think that the government did this false flag. Did this love there to struggle or yeah right? That's the I! Guess yes, which, like seems far-fetched, obviously for me I, don't believe all of the 9/11 things, but I do think. If there's fucked-up [ __ ] going on this. So do you think that Bush was involved or was it a different agency altogether I don't know was Dick Cheney I'm sure he do anything. Cheney was involved, he's basically sitting on the Death Star right now. Yeah! Well, he's the oil guy that was the weird Martin was a he was like directly profiting well. If you watched the loose change documentary the day or two before 9/11 happened, Bush's brother, like went to the World Trade Center and like didn't like a look through and the basements and all the different like, but nobody knew why just very strange so people think, like you, know, I'm torn on that basis. You don't yeah I, don't I personally I believe the mattress firm mattress is real. We can all agree those matches. People are up to no good the 9/11 one and I'm stretch I. It's a real stress for me because when you well, it really depends how you approach it. Cuz, you can look for the conspiracy theories. I think you can also look for the debunkers and they're. Both they could both be really compelling, because when you, when I'm like okay, so people say that you know the beam jet fuel can't melt steel beams or whatever, and then you read about some engineers and the like. Well, actually, it can't it can not melt it, but it makes it into a weakened state where it's more malleable and then once the top floor, where the planes hit crashed, then it creates a domino effects and they all come tumbling down. The jet fuel melted down this metal beam and it didn't melt it, but by heating it up, it makes it less dense and therefore less stable, right yeah. Here with your logic, the black box thing is weird too: did you hear about that Oh? What is that? So? You know every plane has a black box. Yes, oh yeah and they're indestructible, but indestructible right and that's how they find out what happened on the plane. Why did it go by were different? The both black box is three both in the planes in the World Trade Center and the one that crashed United 93, all the black boxes, melted, which is like how they say it else. It I mean to me it makes it's reasonable to say it was lost because it was in the in the middle of literally one of the largest building the world crumbling to its foundation. So saying it was destroyed, our loss sounds reasonable. Doesn't it I? Don't know black diamonds aren't made of like paradox: material like they're made of something, but the one in the field is crashed. Yeah that looks like where's the black box. Things like that are just like I, don't think it was like fake I, don't think I think people died, I think it was awful yeah, but I also feel like the news. I feel like everything gets kind of covered up. Just like the pedophile thing with me, it's like nobody was saying like, oh, but also this isn't a real allegation. Is it they didn't care about that. It was just like I'll click whatever and also I, always think about it, like YouTube, so the government write on YouTube when you're vlogging. You pick up your thing, heyguys blah blah. You put it down, that's real, but not really, it's kind of like what you're showing them. The government could be youtubing, we're showing you what we want to show you we're not going to show you. You know the real [ __ ], going on behind. That's a good enough like do that, I, don't know fighting you know what I mean. My opinion is the best counter-argument to the conspiracy 9/11 you're, giving the government way too much credit so incapable of pulling that off and not having one person within a high-ranking I shouldn't leave be like yeah. You know this guy Jeff he's a real [, __ ] I, don't think they did it, but I think they knew it was gonna happen and I think the people that did it that's interested bombs and I think it was way. Bigger and I think when it did happen. The government was like [ __ ]. We can't admit that there was bombs cuz that shows that there was planted. So you think it's more about covering up incompetency rather than a plan, because that makes more sense to me. That's more believable, just like the news right now with the fact that the FBI knew that this kid wouldn't want to be school shooter and do anything but like back in 2001, when 9/11 happened, we didn't have twitter. We didn't have all these things, so I'm if 9/11 happened now. I guarantee you, we would know all the like fuck-ups, we would know everything mm-hmm, so I think they're, just hiding things, I think right. That makes sense to me and it could be like little things that you don't even really matter or they could be bigger. Things like who set up 9/11 was it bigger than just like dude. What's a super [ __ ] crazy man. Crazy, though that just like the fact level is pretty unbelievable. Just a couple dudes with the box. Cutters was just like make sense to me cause so much man crazy. They were innovators, man, they were like dude. Let's do something! Never no one's ever thought of doing before. Also thousands of people died. Isn't it crazy? Thousands of people died most people since Pearl Harbor. It is kind of on it's. It's really hard to fathom what was it like? 59 in Vegas I think how many single dynasties? Yes, how many died in 9/11 I think several thousand thousand I think around three thousand three k plus Dan says well. Well, let's you know what I want to end on a positive note: okay, let's not end on 9/11 victims. Let's end on everybody's time, hello and favorite news conspiracy, theory, D bomb Matt, Lauer, yeah, frickin, weirdo, you've been debunked, Matt Lauer had a rape button under his desk Wow. This whole thing is: is bankrupt. Matt Lauer in the Northeast, as more rain continues to fall today and Matt Lauer. He seemed like such a sweet family guy he's got a rape button. I, never trusted him. Really, if you for those guys, you don't know apparently Matt Lauer. He had a button. So when people walked in his office and we got this [ __ ] and it will lock them in there with him. So we could get weird and let she on him yeah dude, that's like supervillain, [, __, ], Oh he'd, be like hey Lauren, come in here, she's, a [ __ ]. Now clicked his rape bun, not a joke! Bro! It's diabolical! It's like wow! That's so twisted it's funny and then there's certain people that haven't had a me-too about them that you would think would spend supers on YouTube to like we all know who the creepy ones are. Some of us don't have concrete evidence, but, like we all know that you have names like I, don't wait, I, don't I feel like I, don't know, I, never get a VidCon, yeah and I heard that that's like pure debauchery. Oh my god. That's the fact that Matt hadn't become a huge scandal. It's not I've heard from people who go there. It's just a bunch of underage underage girls chasing their favorite youtuber around. What do you got to say because I don't know I, don't know not even relevant in your Blake back in the day it was a lot more like. There was always like a few that everybody's, like a stay away from that 100 I, think I know who you're talking about there's like a few of those. So the fact that now none of those you know it's it's interesting, I know who you talk to mom, but not Lauer man, it's hard to top a rape button. You know it's just time held classic and little canoe, lady, it's a good memories! Man, it's a good time she's in the community this morning, so here we are Alicia's and on a break now, here nobody's dying, being tortured, nobody's being brave buttoned, just a great little gap, dum-dum condemning down a lightly flooded street, not even flood, really bought it couple guys are, like you know, what's funny she's like it's so hard to control me I, wonder if she was like not aware or if she's just like I'm there's, no turning back I'm, not gonna like get up and she's like I wanna, see more videos like this who just harmless stupid. Oh, he called her out. Actually Michelle I'll take it is there some kind of severe drop I'm have to see you in my office later, sir, after the report that was that shows how evil he is. The fact that he's calling her out and feeling into it and by the way, by the way you probably knew beforehand- - oh yeah, all right- we're gonna, do this little canoe bit, wrap this up, I'm, so embarrassed I'm, just gonna as she canoes off into the song I want to. Thank you. Shame for coming. It was so fun to meet you and chat with you and good you're cool man. I'm really happy to see you doing well. Lately your channels is killing and everybody all all your fans seem super stoked on the content and everything you're doing so. I wish you well thank you and continued success, Shane Dawson. Obviously, by now you know who I'm talking to um Shane, it's easy to find on YouTube. Shame! You have anything else. You want a year working on that you want to talk about, hopefully bringing the podcast back more videos sweet goodbye. How cool is that you're, just Shane on YouTube you're, just like I'm Shane, there's nobody Dawson, he doesn't what he does things with trash cans. I, don't know it's like a weird set yeah! There's a couple! Videos check them out, alright guys. Thank you so much for watching um, it's been around total rock. It's been a ball tune in we'll be back Friday we're gonna be doing a top of the month. We don't have a guest scheduled, but we are gonna be guaranteed to be talking about some things. You really disturbing weird stuff that you probably don't want to hear about. If that's not a selling point, then I don't know it is anyway see you guys. Alright Tata thanks guys [Music].