[Music] everybody to the h3 podcast. We were formerly known as the h3 experience, but I have to say after meditating this weekend, I believe we are now the h3 trans sensual experience. We have gone beyond the experience. We have transcended time and space welcome to the correct opinion zone. This is the Tuesday episode where we talk about current events and basically everything you're going to hear here is the correct opinion. You need another one of those. This is no longer an experience. My did it worked in I. Guess we miss you have to hit it one more time, turn it off guys. Today's episode is sponsored by honey and I want to plead you all guys, please everyone who watches on YouTube head on over to iTunes Spotify Google podcast play whatever the heck they're doing and subscribe to us there. So you can get us in your car in your commute wherever the heck. You are, where you don't get access to videos, listen to us on the podcasting app. Let's get those numbers up, because we are transcending the genre and the experience itself, so slam those subscribe buttons. I. Do you boy a solid this Friday we've got Tim Heidecker coming up? What excited about that? So don't miss that yeah last night yeah we were on, kill, Tony, kill. Tony is the number one they love saying yeah and it's true number one live podcast live world, but it's live in front of a live audience yeah and they do it every Monday night at the Comedy Store. They tour a lot too right, but they were gracious enough to have us on the show and it was a blast. Those guys are awesome. I can't wait to have them in here. Live, kill, Tony check it out. We were on there there their show, but obviously don't click away because we're just getting started. Most importantly, we need to talk about Papa, John yeah. Let's let us Papa John is having a meltdown. Papa John spent a little too much time like I'm, saying I, like my pizza, a little you know overcooked, but this pizzas. This beats is a little too overcooked yeah. You know check this out. So Papa John, as you guys all know, they're late great Papa John, who was outed from Papa John, there's a whole there's like a whole kind of paradoxical situation going on Papa John Papa John is trying to kick Papa John out, but how can Papa John be Papa John without Papa John, so Papa John? The company right is trying to kick out Papa John the person, the Shatner, but they are for the John. Just change your name. At that point, your Papa John, the pizza. You can't separate the pizza from the man so they're trying to distance themselves from here as much as they removed his face from the branding. That was right. That's what was the final straw for Papa himself. Yeah he's like you cannot take my face off that pie box. No, because basically, my face looks like a pizza pie. I've spent so much time near a pizza oven and it's a basically preview of what's gonna, be like when you open it, but they're they're, saying we can't be dependent on one person, especially this person yeah. So he made. This is I love this story. This is just so. He made a website Papa himself called st. papajohns.com. I am Papa John like a Spartacus. You know that I am Papa John. He he acts like it's a social movement where, like everyone, [ __ ], cares so much about Papa. John I am Papa John. We, you shall not silence us. We are. We are legion. We are pizza. So let me read you some of the excerpts. You know how long do I feel their website when you order beats how you can choose the toppings and then it like Falls like olives, oh yeah, all fine. If it was here still on this website, you can still order pieces for my save Papa John's calm here you guys. Let me read, this is the the his homepage. So let me read an excerpt here for you all here, I built Papa John's from the ground up and remain its largest shareholder. I love my company, its employees, its franchisees, its customers. They don't love you anymore. The board wants to silence me. This is my website and my way to talk to you. Save Papa John's calm, as I said in a recent letter, I miss you all very much how the [ __ ] you could claim the mitt your just your pizza, CEO I, miss you guys all you fat butter, loving, sauced, gluttonous, sons of [, __, ], I love, sometimes I'm at home and I. Imagine sucking the butter, garlic sauce off your fingers. I miss you all very much more than words can express, sometimes sometimes garlic, sometimes I rub garlic, sauce and use it as a lubricant. It reminds me of how much I love you better times. Papa John's is our life's work and we will all get through this together. Somehow someway I can only imagine how difficult this entire situation is on. You know he goes from I to we, I filled Papa, John's and then he's like is our life's work? Wait we will all get through this. Well. Imagine Papa John, saying to just some [ __ ] guy, who orders pizza from there at once a week. I can only imagine how difficult this entire situation is on. You I feel, like you, wrote this to you right, I, think it wrote it to himself I'm, very sorry that you all have to go through this just know that I still finger my wife with butter, garlic, sauce, Bowie's, listening anything and Beau. Don't even get me started about beau that kidding right. I can only imagine how hard this has been on beau, we pack his lunch with butter, garlic sauce every day. This is this part, is real know that in every minute of every day you are in my thoughts and my prayers, who exactly you're. Looking Rama, clean dude occluded in this website are links to recent press releases, news articles and recipes to my world-famous garlic sauce, which also doubles as a really good sex lubricant, to remind you of the better times, signed, sincerely papa butter, garlic, song, Shatner, Oh, Elsa ro. We are getting the truth out there, garlic, my Bart, my butter, garlic sauce, was invented, as I tried to make my own sex lubricant, my wife tasted it accidentally and said: hey, pretty good I was emotional beautiful journey, a roller coaster and except for the sex stuff that is all written. You see that was very Germanic. Papa I mean I, don't know in his mind. He really sees this as a big pizza war and people are picking sides there. He has a lot of support. I mean there's people demonstrating outside the White House right now, free papa in his mind, Papa John and Papa John Papa John's exist without Papa John know just like when the Civil War happened. A country divided cannot stand as the Abraham Lincoln famously said, and I feel that Papa John is kind of a pizza civil rights leader in his own right called award. This is a hot war. This is a hot oven war, a cheesy, hot, oven war about oh, this is just his life story. He's actually got all the legal papers because he's suing Papa John, it's like dude y'all started a war with a [ __ ] make sure he could finish. It he's got feed some money anyway, I just loved his little cover letter, so pop I wish you all the best in your fight. There's a standing invitation for Papa to complete his case on our show. We had previously reached out and better times and I have to say Papa passed yeah. He said: I got Peyton Manning, throwing pizzas into the American living rooms of everywhere. Now, all the sudden who would you have left Papa? Who D have left me? That's who it's time to come on this show bring the butter garlic, sauce, cuz we're gonna have a good old-fashioned, reach-around, soggy pizza. Anyone know what that is. Soggy, it's a soggy pizza when a pizza got saggy. Or is this like a metaphor, there's something else. Papa knows um Alex Jones is in the news again, but this time you may not expect why this or this story, just cracked me up I, had to talk about this. Alright, now Alex Jones, you know and love him guys. I'm, sorry, I think our stream just got pulled down. Why I'm, just I felt for them, I look so stupid. I was gonna, make a joke like that Dan. You guys need to coordinate the jokes here. No well, he gave me well. I am I, am somewhat hesitant to mention the boogey man named Alex, Jones, hey Jay, what's going a so he you know! Mr. mr Turner frogs yeh was doing a advertisement during his show recently. Let me show you the video that he was watching and and tell me if you catch something in this video, because it's free its brief, but the this internet soup supersleuths did find it so watch closely now heard about it from family and then from George Noory and others that I had to get involved. Infowars, yes, so far, cement in force, yes, calm to go! Look all of that up. Did you catch it? No, how does he talk that guy? They talk if you later on over fo yeah he's all dad advertising nutrition when his voice. Sorry, it's the Alex Jones voice, [ __ ], my throat Apple. Was he doing an ad for skin? Hmm I love, it he's so funny man. He puts on so many hats like he'll advertise, anything and all of a sudden he's doing Infowars. Yes, it's like a Martha, Stewart Brand info. Worse, yes, get your skincare products over here at well anyway, so well, the family and then from George Noory and others that I had to get involved. Infowars. Yes, there's no space on that in force, - dot-com to go look all of it looks like flesh so he's showing all of his open tabs brows phone, no [, __, ] yep, so the internet super sleuth went to work crunching the numbers Turing, the frogs gay and what came up will shock you know here. It is. The title of the video in question was naughty tea. Babe Marisa, minx, relieved of [, __, ] hunger by stuff can I open. I can I show this. Let me see if I can show an image of this. You know. I can't show the more you know the thing, but it's basically I mean really. All you need is that title. Let me read that for you again: if I can not ET babe stands for trans. It's a girl penis for those who are not initiated she's, not et babe, Marissa, minx, relieved of [, __, ] hunger by stud. That's how that is of an event is Stan - with the sentence better. Really? What do you want me to break down? Not ET babe she's, a naughty girl with a big old, dick, presumably okay, she and then her name is Marissa minks and she has such. She has an insatiable [ __ ] hunger. You look, she is so thirsty for coffee, she's, so hungry, she's relieved, she's, fine. She has insatiable hunger for [ __ ], but yet did. But what's this done, I feel like I know, it said: I want to make sure that is the guy that [ __, ], okay, I think it goes back to a horse. It's like a horse! No, but it's like that. Guy's off [, __, ] stud. So this girl, with this insatiable hunger for cop, has finally, after all of her searching on the earth for this one stud that could relieve her thirst for [ __ ]. She was relieved of [, __, ], hunger, hmm by stud. So that's pretty interesting and I'm, not one to judge. You know, watch whatever you want, but it is Alex Jones and he did have a video title, not ET. Babe Merc me relieved, relieved of [, __, ], hunger, hmm, I, love the Alex Jones was watching that he hasn't addressed it by the way. Oh I mean how what'd he say. Yes, she was relieved of her [ __, ] hunger to be fair. He may he may have addressed it, but I hunted really hard, and this is such outstanding news that, if you, if you google anything related to this all you're gonna find his articles about you know- was insatiable tea. Babe. The interesting thing about Alex Jones watching a trans porn is that heat one of his strikes that he got before the closure of his channel was for he called trans people mentally ill. That's nice he's, like you. May be mentally ill, but I'm I mean that doesn't mean I can't beat off to it. Does that make him mentally ill? If he likes it, I guess it does. I can't leave you what I said couldn't make him I just love. This is so funny so funny man mmm, so relieved of [, __, ] hunger. Next time you see Alex Jones, just remember that by stud nice little story, great little story wish we had Alex Jones to call him. You tell us about mm-hmm 90 day, fiancé love the show. We've talked about a lot about this show not a 90 day, fiancé yeah and fisa and George the gold digger yeah. So in this story this this show is just a gold mine, yeah 90-day fiance eats well I thought this show was like an old show, but it's oh man, I mean it may have been around for I. Don't know how long it's been around just looks like it's from their night days: yeah yeah, but it's still going. Iii got a set DVR to record this show because it seems like gotta, be one of the more entertaining shows on TV. So this lady has married I believe in African and she is in Africa visiting the family. Now the family, one of their native dishes, is snails and she's very hesitant to eat the snails, which makes sense to me, yeah be respectful in the face of your fiance's family and you eat the snails and you enjoy them right. Okay, she's, you know she doesn't seem to be so on. Has a problem eating food, so she doesn't seem necessarily that she should have a problem putting it down, but got a little nice like tomato sauce in there a little creamy, okay native dish. It's very quiet is a quiet food energies, I'm, uh, I'm, boosting it as much as possible. This is cellphone quality the if she takes a little but I'm okay with it, she ripped half off and it's in her mouth and she's. Saying kiss me my her fiance kissed me and get it out of my mouth Oh gross they're, watching by the way you're not slipping up. So what are you they saw that yeah, so she basically said to her fiance kiss me and let me spit it into your mouth so that I don't have to chew it anymore. That's not paying respect to anyone. I mean that's horrifying thing to witness just spit it out on your plate and say Amen name for me: hey come here, pretend to kiss me I'll spit in your mouth. Nobody will know they're all look they're, all the cameras airing right. You know it. There's like three cameras watching hey, let's get, let's get another one of that, a let's get a slow-mo. If we can point to five, no I, don't know! No. How are you are we yeah man? Let's see, let's get it close. Look kiss me she's, like damn I, only don't she's like I, only [, __ ] with butter, garlic, sauce, say Papa, say: Papa, John, calm! Won't this white American mmm! This takes on a whole new vibe I, hear toaster comes into the past that a romantic kiss if I've ever seen, one sucks it right out of her mouth and he [ __, ] chews it to that goddamn MVP that guy just saved the day. Thank you, Michael he's, like man, the things I do for a green card mm-hmm. These relationships on these shows are really all about getting a green card. I, don't think any of these relations are very genuine, so it's really what's so interesting about this show is like what is this one person? It's like we wanting to thank right. It's like one eligible dateable person, matched up with one completely undoubtable person, and then you kind of just see how much that one dateable person can endure for a green card and I think that guy in this moment reached his limit. He did it no yeah. He did it damn very special stuff guys my shows on fire today. Are you saying that you wouldn't suck a snail out of Elah smell I, sucked I'd suck garlic butter sauce out of your mouth? That I think I have? In fact, Ella, you know you, you sure, did you know that I this shows on fire today we are killing it all. I'm saying is that next time you order Papa, John, pizza's, say Papa John calm, try replacing yeah your sex lube with butter, garlic, sauce and see. If that doesn't get you somewhere new nice. This is one in viewer, advice and I. Read it on safe Papa, John, calm, it's under tabs of tech of techniques and strategies, nearing my [ __ ]. Hmm, that's what we all came for here, a lot of debate over last week about wiping techniques about how best to approach the [ __ ], help us to clean. It help us to manicure. It I received an email from somebody said they near their [ __ ], and that a change of their life for the better I was so intrigued because it was so insane so preposterous of an idea that I thought I had to try it out. Ela says why do I keeps me messy you're, getting message from strangers on discord. I wrote that to Dan, but yet well now, I'm intrigued and you're getting bombed by strangers on discord. I just keep saying all kinds of notifications on my ela I'm talking about nearing my [ __ ] campus. So I was trying to distract myself from the and said what the [ __ ]. They found you who found it I, don't know these are just like we're just in a private channel. It just does I, don't know: okay, who's, Raz, hmm, sneaking in no, no, our private discards, guy infiltrated, but we are talking about nearing my [ __ ]. So if everyone could please focus on what's? Okay, sorry, sir, so anyway, I was about. I was gonna near my [ __ ], because it just seems so insane. I was like forth the sake of the show list of it yeah. But the other side of me was like this is kind of a really weird and same thing to do and you could burn your skin yeah and the [ __ ] was pretty sensitive right, mm-hmm, apparently what I understand, but then I don't also I had a feeling that this guy was [, __ ] with me. You know he seemed genuine, but I can see someone be like I'm gonna get Ethernet near his [ __ ], knowing full well. That would ruin my life. So another great fan emailed me and was like dude, do not near your ass, and here is why- and he sent me this Craigslist story that was so funny. I had to read it to you guys I had to share it with you guys so for now, this story alone put my nearing my [ __ ] on hold on hold I'm still open to it. Frankly, we got the product at home. Yeah I have the prot three I, don't know why Amazon they made me, buy three bottles almost like I'm, this [ __ ], weird guy. Just like have an apocalypse stash of nearing my [ __ ] look. The world may be ending, but my [ __ ] is going to be you clean. One of them was called balls bum. Oh yeah I wanted to stay in my pursuit of the sensitive NER that wouldn't burn my [ __ ] I found a product called balls bomb. That's made for applying to your balls balls ball. Cuz, I gotta buy some balls ball, so I, don't know, I've got balls bomb, yeah and I was thinking of just getting it. Just seeing what happens, but you guys you guys read this and tell me I, don't know this dispute me most most definitely and it rings so true. Let me zoom in on this, so this was from Craigslist. It's called warning. Don't shave that hair I've recently made a mistake in my life and I offer my store to you that you may learn from my heir. It all started as many things do with me. Having trouble [ __ ], did you write this? No dan I think we need some kind of music I want to play. Can you play sad violin? No I was not constipated. This was not a regularity problem, but a matter of technique. It seems my ass hair had grown to such a length that my tiny grow Grogan's we're constantly getting tied up and the matted jungle between my ass cheeks. It led so much frustration with me, knowing that I still had something to drop, but not able to shake the the tenacious turd loose from its butt. Hair dwelling eventually would have to do two things either reach down with some paper and try to pinch off the lingering loaf, which required careful precision to avoid smearing the creature all over my rear, especially since I had no way of seeing what I was doing or just go for broke, start wiping and hope that I could remove all the leftover fecal matter before the toilet reached. It's can't be flushed. Threshold I was contemplating this problem. This is very long yeah. Can you cut today, like a paraphrase here? Let me paraphrase so: yada yada yada. He did the deed. Now. I have great respect for anal hair. Like everything in this world God created it has it's all my purpose in existence. It was only after I had removed it that I started to learn how much I had been taking it for granted for one. It provides friction. I learned that this next day, when I walked out into the Sun headed for class. After climbing two flights of stairs and starting to sweat, I started to notice something unpleasant. The sweat was accumulating in my crack and was causing the unpleasant sensation of my two ass cheeks sliding past each other, with every step, I thought about going to the bathroom and starting to wipe it off, but I had to go to class I thought eventually it would dry. Unfortunately, it did dry, but only after mingling with the microscopic [ __ ] molecules lingering around my brown starfish. Yes, when I stood up after class, my axe Chiefs were stuck together in a slimy stinky [ __, ], sweat combination, as I made my way back to the dorm. It started to itch God: did it itch I felt like a swarm of ants, was making its way up and down my craft fighting to keep from jamming my hand down there and scratching away I rushed back to the dorm. Unfortunately, again, this excretion caused me to sweat and when I, when I finally reach my room, my cheeks were sliding back and forth against each other. Like a pair of horny cane toads I quickly dropped my pants and attempted to drop my ass by sticking it in front of a fan and spreading my cheeks as I pulled the two mounds of flesh apart, a horrible stench burst, free and filled the room. Every dog within four blocks started to hell. I had the worst of it as the ripe aroma, a festering [, __, ] and sweat went into the fan and blew my face. I got to keep from heaving as I sat there. Fighting vomit in my mask. You spread dripping with the concentrated aroma of my body, odor mixed with the tangy smell of my own [ __ ] blowing right into my face. I only had one thought: I will be like this until my hair grows back for weeks later, on, trying to deal as best I could wiping my ass at every opportunity. I discovered another wonderful use for this ass hair ventilation, I attempted to launch a fart only to get it stuck between my ass cheeks, apparently with no hair, the two pink twins can get vacuum-sealed together and the result was a frustrating fart that slid up and down between my cheeks like a lost gerbil, as if there wasn't enough I am now in during further torture. As anyone who has ever shaved anything knows when hair is growing, it becomes stubble I. Imagine your ass having the texture of a brillo pad. Well, that is what I'm dealing with now is a hellish torture, and there are times when I just look out the window and contemplate why I shouldn't just jump out and get it all over with. Rather than endure, this agony, friends do not shave your ass here, Wow but see see. I. Think! Thank you. Thank you for that anecdote, but what I think about is um I loved the part Moyer was almost vomiting. Yeah I definitely get that like, but he shaved, okay, I'm nearing Denari is like shaving button, so I would the stubble I won't deal with the stubble? Well, it will grow back. So basically, once you're near your [ __ ] you're stuck in a vicious cycle because once that stubble grows in and your I can only imagine your [ __ ] issuing with every step you're back in there nearing you're stuck in the net you're stuck in a loop, yeah I'm gonna be doomed to a hairless [ __ ] forever. I don't have to like take two weeks off, not to mention that you couldn't burn yourself all right, I, keep telling you because I saw him what everybody was so entertaining to be like. Okay, guys, I naired my [ __ ] I feel like, but then I also don't want to be the guy that neared his [ __ ]. You know hmm what if I ball bombs my [ __ ], it's the same thing: I, do fear of the [ __, ] and sweat emotion. The potential vomit God wouldn't be so great to hear you talk about the smell of my [ __ ] and swimming yeah, because you'll be there I'll not be there I'll be out, he was gonna. Yeah I did was doing it for you, man I was not asking for this. Well I'm still intrigued, but the guy definitely spooked me straight I do want to tell you that the poll that you did on Twitter, oh yeah, there has been an update with the numbers so um, let's open the poll actually so I was so interested in this debate. We've been having with with from the front or from the back mm-hmm, because again, as I said, there's two worlds of wipers and they don't even know that it they exist and I felt like an outcast. My whole life for lifting up my balls and reaching under there, mm-hmm and so I said I go to h3 podcast on Twitter at the HTTP podcast and I asked our loyal fans. How do you wipe your ass from the front or from the back, and it may surprise you, but we have a lot of a lot of results here. First of all, sixty-six thousand five hundred and thirty-four people participated. So thank you. I feel like this is an actual legitimate census of the American public like this is for men only because women only have one option they're supposed to wipe away from the badge and I do love the top comment here. I, don't think man wipe Amanda, said well, I, don't know who the [ __ ] she's been with, but she's had a foul she's had some foul relationships. Maybe she dated that guy we were just reading really every time I've been with a guy just smells like ass and sweat. So last time it was 60 for you. Now it's 61 39 mm I feel like it's being brigaded by the front wipers, but anyway, 39% wiped from the front. Those are like-minded brethren who lift their balls improve, and you know, perform a scoop from the front. It's really a scoop. The way it is it's a scoop. It's just eject scoop and the skilled scoop is a scoop that I've been developing for a long time. You lift the balls, you scoop, you're, clean baby, you scoop the [ __ ] out. This is a smear I! Don't know this. You can't come here, but 61% wipe it's a traditional wipe, maybe but I like scoot. You just want to scoop out when you're dealing with them whole. You want to be scooping out. You can't wipe a whole. You scoop out of a whole. Am I right 31% from 39% of you know exactly what I'm talking 61% of you wiped from the back and that's pretty I, don't have to say I'm kind of surprised by how many of them are out there like me that wipe from the front I mean that's pretty I mean that's really close to 50%. That's a that's a 10 percent variance, we're talking about so speak up front wipers. Don't leave me in the trenches scooping grenades out of my ass. Okay help me represent the world that we are out there. We are strong. We are people, we have rights, we are Pappajohn and go to save Papa John, dr. Nam and use butter. Garlic I've heard that butter garlic sauce is so powerful. It actually can act like Nair and burn the hair right up again. I'm gonna, try butter, garlic, sauce in my [ __ ] tonight that works so I thought that was an interesting scientific experiment. We should do more polls because I feel like we're actually making an important contribution to science here good. We are really I feel like we're doing important things here. This is way more than an experience. We have transcendent experience. This is the h3 podcast, fully and light moment of science and clarity we'll be right back after this break with Logan Paul verse, ksi stay tuned. Okay, do you like free money, yeah cuz, that oh thank you EULA wasn't expecting a response now that I know you like free money. Would you like to hear about honey, because that's what it does honey is an extension for your browser that browses the web's the whole internet for the perfect coupon for whatever you're shopping for oh, oh I'm, on Amazon trying to buy dog food, oh honey, boom, coupon whoa, just save me money like an old man, clipping coupons by the fireplace every evening for you for free honey. That should be their slogan. An old man clipping coupons for you, as you browse, don't believe me. The link in the description join honeycomb, slash, h3, has saved people collectively over a hundred and two thousand dollars in the past couple of months. That's an average saving of twenty five dollars per person. Whoo. You also may be thinking that honey doesn't work at sites that I shot that well. The truth is honey works on over 30,000 sites, including Amazon eBay, new egg, raiser Walmart, and more so much more. Pretty much I mean everywhere that I've shopped honey's, like I love, I love using it on Amazon. It even shows you like the price history of a product, and if it's like the lowest now or not, the big question is how is honey free? What's the cash there's? No catch? Your dips honey gets a small commission from sites every time they clip a coupon for you. So it's always free, there's, no catch. It's easy to install takes a couple of clicks and then you're gonna be off to the races. Saving cash, give it a shot. It's free and it literally takes ten seconds to install so use the link in the description join honey, dot-com, /, h3, try it out. It takes two clicks and two seconds: I guarantee you're, gonna, love it and you're gonna, say dang get Ethan! Thank you for join honey, calm, / h3! You welcome back everybody I'm out of breath from running to the bathroom Neela's. Not back yet did we were we had a screen or was the comeback slick and perfect yeah. We did have to go to the screen for about five seconds. Yeah I had just gone to the screen as you open the door. We went to a screen here. You Dan come on quiet, okay, damn we're gonna, we're gonna get out of this office. This office wearing is so [ __, ] small. You got a run to the bathroom, we're looking for a new office. Five. Second slate screen. Oh my god, we just got. We just got demoted to experience. Oh, we were transcendent, but we just I just got knocked back down from enlightenment, back to the experience, damn dude, harsh, okay. Well, let's get right on to the main story: Logan Paul. First ksi everybody is talking about Logan, Pulver's ksi, the boxing match. You look yeah. Who do you think won? How do you know what happened? Could you think one um I thought case? I won. It was a tie. Okay, suspicious all right, I'll show you guys. I'll show you guys. Let's go over some stats. Okay, I find this stuff really interesting before I kind of talked into it. Look I'm, Paul, risque aside the boxing match. You guys have all heard of it. I kind of got to give credit to these guys cuz, even if you hate them both it's just irresistible. It's irresistible, you gotta talk about it, you gotta love, it I mean really and- and it was pretty slick I have to honestly have to give them credit. They they masterminded this crazy thing they sold out this arena. They had eight there how many 800,000 pay-per-view viewers- that's right, [, __, ] I got it I gotta, give him it up. Man up off. It was definitely pretty exciting, like on the day off. Everyone was talking about it, pretty cool. Definitely some great NEMA Bowl moments in there that I've, let me share with you guys, but on the whole I just want to say: I'm, not gonna, sit there and hate okay, I want to say I gotta give these guys some credit words do yeah. Definitely taking this whole online YouTube experience to to a new level yeah, so general admission tickets started at IIIi want to bake this down because they've got always said. This fight is bigger than Mayweather verse, McGregor and I've heard. A lot of people say that I'm gonna send that, because that is such a ridiculous statement, I've heard them say and I've heard other people reporting on it being like I heard. Um I've heard it in really reputable places of being like they had more views than their press conference had more views more hype, so I do want to break it down. I want to compare I want you know ones, you know, show what it what's going on here. I mean Logan, Pulver's ksi, that's you can't really get more hype online than that mm-hmm. It's like max hype, I mean what what - could you pit together? That's better than that shoenice for Joey salads? Would you guys watch you nuts first Joey salads I would I would be scared to put shoenice in a robe anyway, pretty niche audience, I. Think yeah. Somehow I, don't see that point. Eight hundred thousand interviews did she shoenice would [ __ ] eat his opponent. I want to see that I mean don't the only real option to get more than them would be something like PewDiePie PewDiePie again, it's like Ryan's toys reviews the [, __ ] out of a twelve-year-old. Oh yeah, watch that so here's here's, some stats for you guys. Okay, general admission tickets started at $39 with the high price going to 600 averages, probably like 50 bucks. They sold out the arena right dan I think they sold out what they were offering I think the arena actually sits 20,000 and they only have 15,000 available for some okay, so they sold 15,000 live attendee. Take. Why smiling? You are you laughing looking at our notes. Oh we've got funny notes. Oh just our notes are funny heads up people. We skipped a funny story. We did what are we skip, but we could get back to it later and a couple of oh well hang on. This is so related to everything we were talking about, but now it's confusing yeah we'll get to it later. Oh man, this young couple was using Nair mmm-hmm on their [ __ ] ksi, so they sold 50,000 live attendees. They took in about two million dollars at the box office. That's okay, I mean Who am I. That's great. That's amazing! Okay, 800,000 YouTube streams. That's incredible! That is incredible. It was $10 per pay-per-view mm-hmm. So that's about 10 million bucks and revenue. And what would you write here? Oh, oh, keep in mind. 1 million plus oh yeah, over a million people were watching illegally on Twitch mm-hmm, which is pretty funny. I saw a picture of twitch staff was in the illegal tip room like Portsmouth staff for watching they made this press release like we were trying as hard as we could to remove. So that is crazy revenue, but you got also remembered that was probably such crazy costs in the same cost to putting it together and say. Let me put it this way. We were considering doing a show at the Ace Theatre, which we never did, but the cost of paying the venue alone was like close to 50% of the tape yeah, and this was a crazy event. Huge yeah I was kind of like really profession. Ten million dollars may sound like a but considering how many people were involved and and I mean Logan, Paul and ki are super rich, so getting two million dollars for a single payday sounds good, but the scope of what it was I was like. Hmm, that's. It doesn't seem like that. Much money when you think about Mayweather and McGregor, like Mayweather, got paid like three hundred million dollars alone right Dan. Was it three hundred million yeah? That's what I I, don't think. There's actually uh I'll hear official figure about it. It's speculated three hundred so Mayweather made three hundred million in McGregor Gate made a hundred mil I was like how the [ __ ] was that big of a difference of money, it's huge I, was like what that's so much more well. That was really so I. If I had to guess I don't know if they had sponsors so I guess that ksi and Logan Paul each made like I, don't even know that they each made 5 million I. Don't think there was that much money involved no no way, because the Logan Park could be a I mean they definitely made a good and they're fine they're fine. They made they made enough money to buy a house with cash, but it was Dave made something cool man gotta, give it up so here, I wanna probably took them so much time to organize the whole thing. Well, the training. It's not really a maze work. It's like no lines. No, it's insane the training, the promotion. They were like this whole narrative, they were sewing, I, mean well I. Think the peripheral hype was really beneficial for them to like all their videos and everything we're getting like way more views than usual. So it's like it's kind of this next-level vlogging. We are creating like this crazy. Like drama real drama. I mean it was extremely orchestrated. These guys are best friends, they're [, __, ], loving it they're, straight-up butter, garlic, sauce on each other, reaching around double a [ __ ] right now, straight-up satisfying their insatiable [ __ ] hunger, fine, if they're, what nerd? Oh yeah, bro. You know that ksi Nair his [ __ ] and Logan Paul ate that ass, clean boy insatiable insatiable hunger. That is the best state. I love the title. What was it telling that? What was the title of that video because I feel like I, can't forget it dang bud? Let me scroll up you guys we're gonna we're gonna rewind here relieved of [ __, ] hunger, so they were relieved of their [, __, ] hunger for each other. It's like when you're teaching language we're like teaching you how to use this sentence. I feel like that. That's that phrase has got a live in infamy I'm, relieved of [, __, ], hunger, so I think like not only was it about their payday from this single fight, but everything around it was so hyped and so big that it was greatly to the benefit. Are you being did we say what word actual results for people who don't know I mean yeah I'm getting there so Mayweather versus Matt Gregor, just for comparison, 4.4 million pay-per-view buyers, that's insane! I mean that is insane, especially when you consider that the purchase price of that was a hundred dollars that equals 440 million. We are in Vegas doing it. It was insane everybody was glued to like the whole Vegas wasn't about the fight actually was really weird. We were playing blackjack in the Hard Rock, and we and- and it was a really weird thing- with only certain hotels had the license to play it ya know you can just buy it. I found that so weird we thought you couldn't, we could go play and watch it on all the t's and I found out. No, so then Austin's bodyguard had his brother. He had his cellphone on the living room. Table live streaming on Instagram on Instagram, his TV, and so we were watching a live stream of Instagram of a recording of a TV and that in random life she ended up having like 10,000 viewers by the time yeah, and then we found out. That was a whole thing like there were thousands of people doing that yeah. It's kind of hard thing to take it out, but like there was a huge crowd behind us to just to watch on this little I, don't because you couldn't find it anywhere. Well, anyway, that's 440 million Wow and I just I. Looked it up again that for point or million, that's just domestic, that's just us people mmm so overseas. It's probably another million so that since the live tickets generated 55 million, what the [ __ ] were they charging people I. Think ringside tickets were probably thousands of dollars like tens of thousand, probably whoa total estimate they brought in 600 million. Do that is close to a billion dollars from one fight crazy, so Mayweather as we say, got 300 million McGregor paid 100 million I was just really curious because I was like why I mean like four point: four verse 800 is a big difference, but I mean having a million live viewers is pretty significant, but I guess that's him. Ten dollars makes a big difference. Well, anyway, just a little comparison there they were very far from from the most popular but again to their credit. That's a huge event. We're talking about like the biggest live event of all time, yeah, so I just thought was interesting to compare those two events. Now, let's talk about the fight itself, shall we Jake Paul won in the fifth round out of six via a technical knockout? They ended it, but you know what even though Jake Paul did win. It seems that the most entertaining and talked about moment of the night was this image of Jake Paul with the bloody nose. So shout out to call me short gamer. He was amazed and confused, like that's gonna, be a lot of people's Twitter profiles. Unlike a lot of avatars. Well, I, don't I don't want to take too much pride in a guy he's fine by the way year. One yeah he's one he's fine, it's just pretty pretty great I! Guess I, don't know so that we, that was the highlight of the night, which it doesn't say much. Here's a video of Jake Paul being punched in the face 40 times they've been super strict on the copyright stuff. So I guess this one is editorial enough. So here you go. How many times was Jake? Paul punched in the face people really hate to Paul they're like yes right lots of people love them too. Those are kids. It wasn't then, just telling us that he just is now at Lincoln million, I gotta say he's more likable, Logan I agree, I mean he when he was a guest on her on our show. He was III. He came out looking much better and I think everyone had a sense of appreciation for him. You know that said. Let's watch, that being said, let us watch him get punched in the face. Definitely landing. Some solid, punches vegies. Definitely Landis installed punches. My good now, as I've heard it is Jake Paul was significantly larger. Taller taller was not really a fair matchup. Bye-Bye apparently Jake Paul was forced to slouch down because at the height difference and the size difference was so great. But hey shout out to a dead you for getting 40 slamming good, solid, punches to the de [ __ ] dome, not bad, not bad. It was some guy should I, say good good. Thank you, -! Thank you. -, dank againin take a good. This was pretty funny. - honestly post-fight interview with Jake: this just shows you this rivalry I always said and suspect that Jake and Logan actually hate each other deep, deep hatred of this kind of proves, like here's Jake's big moment by the way since when - Jake he's got a kid, they call them little. Jake Paul doesn't have a kid right. What No so here he's doing his post-fight interview and his love and belonging is enjoying his victory and his brother. That's what the [ __ ] I want to know. What did you? What do you win? The boxing match. You get a kid that kid's gonna be such a piece of [ __ ] when it grows up I, just googled it I guess this is a meme there's a whole bunch of little Jake Paul or mini Jake Paul. They call him, but who is he kidding, kidnapped I? Guess, there's a bunch of pictures of it. Yeah this kid looks like me: I'll take him I'm sure they're related, but when did you [ __ ] out a child doesn't know it's his kid. You know what this kid is he's like um he's like from these Greek mythological stories where it's like your firstborn is foretold to /, surpass you, and subscribers and Jake tries to like prevent it from happening, but the kid ends up bigger and then he also [ __ ] Jake's wife, his mom, just like the Greek mythology, I'm trying to make it interesting, No, Oedipus anyone to own not connecting too old. For this audience. Let's move on so anyway he's enjoying the limelight he's having a lot of fun. Logan Paul comes in and steals the steals, the Thunder and it's a blast to watch, listen joy. What do you think that kid's gonna be doing in 18 years? You know there's a very cute kid and nobody knows it couldn't be anything yeah. You could be anything you could be the president right. It could be an astronaut he's, gonna, be great. He's gonna be raised really well by a bunch of well-adjusted people, their dad for a good role model I mean mm-hmm. Guy is a superstar, and tonight you made a star of yourself as well: you're wearing that WBC amateur strap. It was a hard yeah because, like you watch the interviewer he's trying to care about Jake he's really trying to care about. Jake he's really wants to care about him. Logan, you don't care about what Jake saying but watch Logan in the back. He acknowledges that there's an interview see that he looks back like three times. Did you see that? Let me go back so you can everyone acknowledge that? And so in that moment he goes. You know what I'm gonna [ __ ] and this interview, like you, can see the gears moving in his head watch this. He looks back all these not on me. Look back so many times. Okay, now watch what happens now, much much respect to him. Each and every one of you in this room who's, not paying attention to me. Please turn the cameras towards me and all interviews and all conversations that an RR about me and please everybody focus [Applause], [Music] [Applause] he's telling Michael. You know you're right, Jake is so much more adorable yeah and in that interview he was being very gracious and victory, and everything- and just you know if you see the I, don't know if we're gonna watch the Logan one but Logan's like I [ __ ] won yeah. This is [ __ ] yeah, we're not gonna. Watch it yeah wait. We need to gift that look of Logan doing a triple check. You did a triple check and he shut down the interview. So great. That moment is just beautiful. That was captain [Applause] I, don't know what this is by Jakes new worst Oh shop or in BO I. Don't know what this is, but uh does that make it okay, my merch, what I mean is merch my merch I'm Logan, Paul merch to someone say merch and Matt be maverick calm. That's about all! You need to see from that, and that was great, but I'm telling you that brotherly rivalry is thick as yeah. There is something butter, garlic sauce. Let me tell you that sauce is thick as it gets: okay, delicious creamy, mmm, insatiable hunger, relieved of insatiable butter, sauce hunger anyway, this shit's [ __, ] gold, I love it. What else we got? Okay, well guys, listen, we've talked about Jake and Logan Paul and ksi and Deji and we've talked about it all hats off to them. But the fact of the matter is that the real fight is the one that we're all waiting for: Frank invasion versus Ethan Bradberry. Now, if now there is a prelude to this- oh I didn't say it was a tie by the way the fight was a tie between Logan and k9, which, for, if you don't know, is extremely rare. One of the rarest outcomes for a boxing match. Ister, almost unheard of so a lot of people are saying that how come was rigged to help hype up their second match and to that I say: do you really think they would do that? And the answer is yes, absolutely not well. That is an interesting claim because, as far as I could tell, that would be a pretty serious crime to fix a large sporting event like this. But again you know yeah. Would they do this? Yes? Definitely. Yes, I personally found that outcome, pretty disappointing I would have been more excited. If somebody won cuz, then there's an underdog story going into the next fight, but then that kind of makes it more real cuz. They also want, like the better story. Well, I think they thought that I was the better story. You think so yeah maybe does that mean that all the bookies won like what kind of [ __ ]? Is that, like everyone, how many people bet on a tie, the book? Is it like? Sorry, hmm, pretty shady I agree. It's pretty shady. Are people gonna be just as hyped for the second fight I? Actually, don't think so, because in in there, first of all, it's a tie. I think everyone's disappointed by that, it's frankly, I think everyone's kind of over it and then the Logan and case I both made videos being like it was a great fight, I respect them so much and this whole facade of being like I'm gonna eat your children or whatever, hmm, that's the Mike Tyson classic like coming your children, praise be to Allah Mike Tyson. Nobody can [ __ ], sell a fight like Mike Tyson. You once said to an opponent: I'm gonna eat your children, praise be to Allah, I mean [, __, ] I, don't know I'm better yourself. Fighting than that serve Activision I. Don't think that the second one's gonna be as hype, because I think the you know, I think the illusion is busted that they hate each other, but anyway I'll be there. I'm gonna, be there and I'll. Tell you what I want to send Joey salads on a live report. I want him to livestream it. We have a salute anyway. Yeah he's mmm I! Think he's gonna! Do me so anyway. So on that that same day, prank invasion tweets at me me neither were in Santa Cruz, enjoying ourselves in a great vacation, and this honestly just made it even better. For me, I had a blast with this. He goes I by the way for full disclosure. I was on the phone with Frank invasion, not on the phone, but I was tweeting with him in DMS and I was like hey. Do you want to do I know your meme we'd all love to to talk to you and do a segment with you, because I mean you've been a consistent part of the show for so long, and we caught him he's becoming starting to become self-aware, I feel like with his recent kissing pranks, and then he and then we agreed that we would do it and he ghost it out on us, which is fine, but then, a couple days later, he tweets this at me. I challenge h3h3 productions to a fight if I lose I, delete my YouTube channel and give him a hundred thousand dollars well, first of all, Chris. If you delete your YouTube channel what the [ __ ] am I going to talk about, I'm gonna, throw the fight on purpose man. We can't lose that Jim come on. That's history, man, but so I proposed to him how about a quick game for a quick kiss instead, which is you know something I've been proposing to him for a long time. Yeah I want him to come in here now. I gave your approval to him. What he got. My number is that can I get your number I was like [ __ ], you got any butter. Garlic, sauce I have a I, have a insatiable thirst for [ __ ]. Thank you for getting with the exact phrases. So anyway, this turned into a whole thing. Ken bone stuck up for me. God bless ken bone. He said I volunteer to serve as tribute in your place. My Papa bless my efforts in the battle to come. Ken bone was prank invasion. I thought that would be interesting, but he said, and in prank invasion not to be outdone tweeted. How about you ask ela client about my kissing prowess. She'll. Tell you all about all you need to know now quit deflecting. Are you gonna fight me or run scared bro? You look like you disappeared for a year and you were in prison and you've been lifting weights that whole time like the last video you may I was scared. I was like this guy was in prison for a year like you look jacked bro, you look Patrice Wilson jacked. Do you think I'm insane? Do you think that's my skill that would get in a ring with you and fight you? Why don't you fight Patrice, wilson, dude I mean he. His veins were like surging, like what did you do to be in prison for the past two years to be that jacked because he disappeared, - I, always love when we get into this kind of fuse or whatever the word is they always try? - yeah I know they could stab at me because you're married I'm gonna go for your wife yeah. Did it work? No well Eli I'm asking you now, as you directed me, what about Chris's prank kissing prowess? What about it? Hmm quit deflecting? Are you gonna fight me a run scared you [ __ ], dumbass, you're, gonna fight me like everybody like. If you challenge me to a fight on Twitter I am duty I'm like honorbound, sir I challenge you to a duel: no bro I, actually [ __, ] work I actually do [ __ ] every day, I'm, not training in prison to [, __ ], kill someone, and then he continues all these youtubers afraid to take me on in the ring. Mm-Hmm look at that face and then, of course, is he changed his profile description, - I am the best kisser in the world. Another step into the being the me also where yeah the meme, the main verse kind of looked too self-aware at that point. So what I was really hoping for now that prank evasion has kind of entered this world of boxing I? Would love so much to put together the first ever h3 podcast, h3 transcendence experience special Fight, Night and I will put up $100,000 $100,000 to the winner of prank invasion. Verse I, don't know who you guys think is the best matchup Joey salads shoenice Ethan Bradberry. Maybe we can do a poll on our HP podcast handle, but we will organize event and put up a hundred thousand freakin dollars to the winner. I will referee it. Okay I will be there. We will judge it. It's gonna be incredible. Night prank invasion. Put your money where your mouth is I'm, putting up $100,000 for you to fight Joey, salads, I, wonder what people think we should do a poll or something yeah. We should definitely do a poll, but that would be a frickin blast. Man I have to do this. You have to so that's what I was thinking. What do you guys think? Does that sound like a fun time or what just gonna be like a fight? Mcdonald's, hmm Dan yeah, throw up a poll. Let's get a live count on it. Um no I want to rent a venue. I want to publicize. You don't want to be a big deal, not a big deal. Just like an episode. It's like an episode of the podcast. Hopefully I get sponsors to help me pay. Those mm-hmm pay the prize dude. The winner gets a kiss from Chris. Maybe we can get that Pappajohn sponsorship that I've always been looking after. Do you want to talk about this Chinese people story before we move on to the shoenice story and what come move onto show nice I love this story, I guess maybe we can talk about it next week, so good, apparently, a Chinese company, a Chinese couple. Apparently sex education is so poor in China that a couple was trying to conceive for four years and they were having anal sex the whole time. I, don't know that's possible, so they were trying to conceive and then it wasn't working and they went to see a doctor and the lady said every time they have sex, it's usually painful. So she was like. Let me examine you're like why is it painful for four years and then it's a great purchase it turns out, they mistakenly have been having anal intercourse. Lou gave the couple a sex education handbook and one thin months the woman became pregnant to show their appreciation. They sent the doctor a live hand and 100 eggs as a gift. You know you think of humans, as these really smart evolved creatures, but when you go out to like the rural rural parts of the world, without medicine or doctors or technology available, we're [ __ ] each other's in the ass trying to make ourselves pregnant huh. That's interesting, yeah right the guy's just like yeah, that's how it let's say you get pregnant. That blows my mind: that two human beings can flaps anal sex, trying to get pregnant like when you're that disconnected from technology that that's, how that can go down. I'm Bradley, that is pretty rare, to be so lacking of knowledge, but it's not uncommon and like sexual education, and there is not really something enough yet yeah. The big takeaway that was interesting for me is that in Ch, rural China, apparently sex education is so oh I can't vote on it. That's disappointing I opened the threat. The poll just just show me the damn results: okay, minute break, apparently sex education and China is so poor that people are out there having you know, shooting loads and each other's butt holes mm-hmm, trying to [ __ ] out baby literally. So now is this story so anyway, okay got that out. The way great, let's move up a little shoenice is a [ __, ] lunatic. In other news we mentioned shoenice. So briefly in our last episode. So briefly, in fact, I want to show you the video, so you can see how brief it was just so that you can understand the reaction he had how insane it is. Okay, shoenice did you know she's nice, oh he's a legend. He eats cases alcohol, so he may I've heard of him. Actually, hey ASMR eating chips, video you just never showed it by the way. Thank so that was, you know very light mentioned, and we went into the comment section um, a boy strap up, because this is a wild [, __ ] ride my dudes, so apparently, shoenice has like 20 different accounts and he switches between them. I, don't know if he thinks that we don't know that it's him because they all have his name in the title or maybe he switched into other accountants to upvote himself, but this is a wild ride. Shoenice first comments. Thank ya bro for another mention wish I could be the hundredth. Podcast I'll behave, love you guys, and then he replies to himself. Thank you. He didn't log out of the right one. Then he logs into shoenice youtube. Thank you. Thank you. Then shoenice youtube videos. Let's do this shoenice inspirational quote of the day. You nice loves, ela and wishes. She would forgive him if you guys don't know he had called you a Jewish, [, __ ] or something sort yeah something sweet like that, and then boo, nice, ghost hyung ding was sure nice. Let's do this, which is the same comment left by shoenice YouTube videos instead, shoenice believe it exclamation I believe Ethan is willing to forgive shoenice, bah ha ha ha yeehaw wish Ethan would pin this. He continues. Shoenice deleted videos to see shoenice would be legendary. The real shoenice deleted videos wish upon a star bro wish wish upon a star. Bro shoenice is not dead. Shoenice. The mental sad man never duplicated. Give this a thumbs up. Everyone shoenice exposed. I will come to cali bro. Let me know this: are you [ __ ]? How I was taken to do cos like? Are you mind, blown yet? Did he create all those channels? You think every comment or you you think he already had I think he already had them. Shoenice is well known for having multiple channels and constantly erasing videos and using other accounts, as I was saying, he had a ASMR video channel for a moment, so not surprised that he has all these accounts. I am shocked and awed. Frankly, the scope of this operation and I will continue just for the sake of posterity shoenice revival. She nice is in revival mode asha. Next, winning channel shoenice has always win it. Shoenice to lidded, vid x9 said yep continue on a few nice is nice shoe. Nice is nice, actually shoenice, impersonation and parodies mind over matter. Hmm, not sure. What's the relevance of that, one like that should have been from the show nice inspirational quotes right, you got a mixed up, should not get your [ __ ] together man got to keep your identities organized shoenice, redemption redemption time, shoenice deleted videos. Let's do this shoenice deleted videos, x28 top comment: YouTube Hall of Shame, -, Bert cool shoenice would be legend interview, shoenice classic videos, ela can make me eat whatever she wants or surprise me with love East. What anyway beef, oh okay right will be. We're almost done here guys so bear with us. Isn't work shoenice storm chasing a podcast storm is brewing. Shoenice loves, LA, beast we shoenice trailer-trash jokes, oh yeah, shoenice, deleted videos x6 mind over matter, I feel like he's giving himself a crap talk because he's on, like xx, account shoenice war hero deleted videos, anyone notion Isis, a war veteran like ela shoenice, impersonations, yup, shoenice, free shoutouts. Thank you, shoenice back the original back to finally close it up without thank you for replying dude. That was so [ __ ], nothing. You know what's even crazier when I saw that I was like. You know what, if we're talking about wack pack, Howard Stern wack pack, that we want to build up our own shoe. Nice is like thee, yeah Beetlejuice, and so we were trying every I've tweeted at him, I emailed him, and this [ __ ] psycho that spent five hours replying 100 times. I can't get ahold of him. I have no way of getting all of them, so shoenice I've said your name three times and have to spin in a circle. Shoo now shoo now shoo not have summoned the spirit of Shanae come back into the comments. Give us a way to contact you I, want you to be part of this. Show shoenice I, think you have what it takes to be. The first official member of the ht3 goof gang gang gang is pretty good. How bad all right we're out here on the fly? People hey a little update. This poll is neck-and-neck. It's like going back and forth. Ethan Bradberry and Joey salads, both hovering around 42% Joey was ahead a little bit, but now Ethan. Let me ask you this. Who do you think would put up the best fight, because, let me tell you guys: Chris from prank invasion went away for some kind of sexual crime and he is jacked. So, who would give up the best fight? Ethan Ethan has a madness. He's got the fighting spirit for sure, but I think Joey I think Joey. What would you say is winning right now neck and neck. It really is go ahead and not kidding. It keeps going back. It's actually tied right now. Nobody cares about shoenice right he's down at 16, because I think shoenice would actually and I'm not saying this as a joke. I'm saying literally, would kill him. I think that he would die if she died in the ring, Joey salads or Ethan Bradberry. Who would offer a better fight? Are you texting during our show? You I just voted. Okay, who'd, you vote for I can't say cuz, that's true! That's good I want to keep it anonymous. You have a preference because I'm asking you well I, you don't want to say it I, honestly can't say which one I prefer I think they're both great candidates, but also you got a vote to see the results, so I think Joey might be a little taller and a little heavier hmm, so I think that he might offer the best challenge too right. Now it's at Ethan, Bradberry, 42%, really Joey. Now it's 43, oh good, Ike I, think Joey salads would be a better candidate and I. Think Joey. Salad is more up for anything, so Shuna I'm calling out shoenice first I just want to contact you yeah Joey, salads and prank invasion. If you're watching this, the gauntlet has been tossed for the h3 trance ensel transcends transcends Oh, boss and in translation. Thank you. I am calling out Joey salads prank invasion, beat them bradbury, all three of them in the ring together a free-for-all Rumble. Let us transcend together. Thank you. Look it's official some times on the show. We've got a couple more things to cover here. Folks, we've got this story just makes me rock hard. They pull this up, I, don't know! This is too graphic. This photo actually on the main page. Probably not you want to look at the ceiling to the article. Do you want to look peek at this and tell me if you think it's too graphic I think it's fine I saw it really a little tush, maybe not I, don't want to show it you're. This one I could show I'll show this I just won't move it. So I don't know if that helps you at all, not really. First North American sex doll brothel opens in Toronto. Actually, here you can click on that picture. This. It long I got this. So what does that mean a brothel instead of having human sex dolls? That's some bad! Instead of having humans, you can have sex with. They have sex dolls, realistic sex dolls. We have a photo of the dolls, don't we did yeah? Where are they the dolls I've got it? You gotta go so if you're wondering what I'm talking about here is some of the choices, our doll, so you have a choice of Anna. It was busty, as you can plainly see, huge, very busty, romantic and spontaneous I. Don't not sure how a doll is spontaneous, but I mean I. Think a doll is pretty much the opposite of spontaneous if that's possible, about as predictable as it gets. Erika who's, young, mmm, gorgeous and sweet you've got Harper the perfect girl next door. You've got Jasmine exotic faced angel that just means she's black exotic faced angel, okay, guys scarlet, the absolute American Dream; yes, nothing more American than butter garlic. So are we in Papa John's tonight, or what nope and Yuki submissive I think all dolls are by definition, submissive. They literally cannot help but be submissive innocent, not when I'm done with her and Rose a fault. This is some wild Jake. You guys that we're talking about here. So you choose to do what all you want to [ __ ] with now their rate and membership. Then crack me up: okay, wait! If I see it I was like. You could probably look a real prostitute for this price. So for half an hour you get one doll for 80 bucks and two dolls. What do you need? Two dolls they're, not living, imagine taking the both their lifeless heads and like how much is it to buy your own doll? I? Think those real ones actually are like thousands mm yeah. Do you really need a real one? At that point, it's like Ian said he when he was researching at 4000m, hmm researching it Ian I, didn't ask you, hmm, wasn't part of our research kudos, I love that you can have a threesome with these things, man 180 no discount, that's just double the price. I know how I could double the prices up discount. You can get them for a half hour, one two, three or four hours. They have a grand opening, not even like a $10 off nothing but I'm. Saying man give me a discount grand opening 25% off the price. Now guys you can use your imagination and understand that [ __ ] the same fake doll as many men before you gets a little strange I. Guess it's true of women, but their biological creatures. They shower they walk around. You know yeah all know that fake vaginas got to get blasted out after like a thousand times right, but I guess you get the mileage out of it after that I mean dude. The human body is regenerative, has a very beautiful ability of rejuvenating itself and healing itself. But this is not a battle. Ax is gonna, get blasted out, after probably a hundred times so I guess that's how Isis sweet innocent Yuki is gonna get blasted out. Okay, anyway, yeah I guess they they calculate that based on the mileage. They expect to get right. Now, here's a great little twist on this. The the prostitution Association is fighting back because they're afraid this is gonna cut into their market. I, wonder how much it is for a real prostitute, I'd like to see their rip their rate card. It's probably more $80 for half an hour Ian. Do you have an information on that? Are you asking specifically I think 80 would be quite cheap, I, think that would be like a [, __, ] or something I? Don't think that would be the full monty right. So you save a couple bucks and you [ __ ] a doll that a bunch of dudes dicks have been in I, wonder if they have insatiable hunger for [ __ ], so that the people who own the dolls said the doll like a girl will be ready and waiting in your room. We do encourage the use of condoms just because we don't want people to well there's still a chance of getting a sexual disease. Can you like you, like that, gave a [ __ ] a lifeless doll, not a condom. These days, you just sanitize the gauges clean it. Man I am NOT when they don't want their responsibility. You've seen that room I jerked off in for the sperm test. Imagine imagine it's that and then you [ __ ] this doll that other guys all bunch of dudes have had their way with and then so the prostitution Association, the association of sex professionals, strikes back. They said quote: the sex affection of a person cannot be provided by a doll. You would say that they are different and compatible services. They do not communicate. They do not listen to you or caress you, they do not come for you or look at you. They do not give you their opinion or drink. I. Didn't ask for your opinion. Sorry, they do not give you their opinion or drink a glass of champagne with you, champagne, alright, sorry, whoa, I didn't ask for I didn't - um. They do not give thank you Dan. They do not give you their opinion or drink a glass of champagne with you. One of the members also said it's another strategy of the patriarchy that presents us as objects without rights or souls a privilege of the wealthy class. That's funny because in a way, isn't it better for a woman more accessible like to let men do whatever they want with an object instead of a person. Well, I think that their perspective is that it's female empowerment and that you you're not telling a woman what she can or cannot do with their body because, like prostitution, is outlawed a lot of places and there's a lot of women that we do want to make their living. That way- and they say hey, don't tell me what to do with my body. That's right, that's true! But to throw these sweet innocent submissive dolls under the bus is just low the low blow they also added. Do you realize that you're [ __ ] a doll? Where did they add it and that's really gross, and you have to use a condom with that anyway, cause you get some dudes jizz on your dick. That was their best counterpoint. I was like that's interesting. They had a video showing how they build all those dolls and it looked like a graphic westward. It was basically a direct parody of West world, except not allowing hits in the [ __ ] vagina in that, like you guys all watch West world, it's like this really epic building of a clone, except than this. It's like, like titties, get bolted on, and ass comes up and like some guys dangling with like labia on a fake vagina, is like okay, damn turkey neck, the West world, songs playing hi, shadart shredder would [ __ ] the hell out of a doggy sex doll, he's so horny all the time, and sometimes we take shredder the dog park and he he's a little Romeo man. He [ __ ] and we have to. We have to strap him up because he just [ __ ] everyone at every. Oh he's eating give you. Let me give you guys a plate. Better good boy, shredder eat some eat, some food I'll, take it a dog park, - [, __, ], well, small update, real, quick, we're up to three thousand votes on the poll and Joey is pulling ahead. Oh interesting is that 45% - Ethan Bradberry is 40. So Dan. Can you reach out now that you said that I feel like I can reveal my vote was it? Was it was Ethan Bradberry? What's yours to learn, - that just cuz I so crazy, he has the wild eyes. What are you talking about? Wacky wacky man, Rumble [, __ ]. The rules like a free-for-all, I think that's what we got to do. We can't try to blow up like a serious event now, I would love to see a four-man rumble would be all that a few nights he would [ __ ] kill them all he'd, be so psycho, so anyway, Dan get a hold. Can you get a hold of them, Joey, Ethan and prank invasion and see if any of them are actually interested? 100 thousand bucks I'm putting the prize up very generous of you, see what you're right I pray that we can get sponsors because that's a lot of [ __, ], cheddar, cheese mm-hmm! If we fool God, there's some sponsors out there's a lot in fact: they'll do it for 5,000 I change. The price 5,000 I feel like the price could be negotiable. There's got to be some sterile more, but the shares and the follows so tell him. There's some minute for them. We just haven't decided yet no I just got some. We get all hairs and got him how long you been going. Cuz I have a couple more stories. You get two hour and a half okay, let's bless their John McCain an American Hero. What better to follow up our story on [ __, ], dolls, laughs, it open two for the price of one [, __ ] dolls just kidding, there's no discounts, john mccain american. Here it's a great segue, john mccain. Now, as you guys, probably heard recently passed I think we had recently discussed John McCain for this I, what I consider and what I cherish as one of the classiest moments in American history. Recent American history, because, as you know, the country is so politically divided, it bothers me. It bothers most people frankly, I mean there's a lot of people that drink the kool-aid on either side and it's really cut like who watches CNN every day and who watches Fox News every day. That's your team line. Okay, now John McCain was a conservative through and through. He was a fox news, man and the people a lot of people that that you know didn't like Obama. There was a lot of weird conspiracy theories about him, one of which perpetrated by the way of our current president, which is probably the dumbest I mean there's a lot of things to say about Trump I'm not gonna, get into it, but accusing obama of not being an American citizen, and it's probably the dumbest and the most insidious flat-out insane lie I've ever heard of in my life yeah right. So a lot of the people bought into the Hat and one of the women at the rally. A lot of happened several times. Actually a couple of times where they say Obama is an Arab, obviously implying a lot more, not implying that Arabs can't be good people, but John McCain read between the lines being you'll see for yourself, but basically this one, the classiest moment, in my opinion, in recent American history, where he went against the grain he risked his own ass he's in you know a town hall meeting with these people that are thirsty a blood thirsty and he just [ __ ] stopped them in his tracks. He said no and he knew he even gets booed. They [ __ ] turn on for actually standing up for his values and and speaking some some sanity and the part that really pisses me off. Well, let me show you the clip, but actually now that this [ __ ] class act and true American hero has passed on. You know the people on the Left who I politically are supposed to be my political allies, because I am very left I'm, a very liberal person. I say that all the time, our eviscerating john mccain for this clip the people that he's reaching out to across the bridge. Yes, how there's because well, let's watch the video yeah, I mean it's just so sad and it's so [ __ ]. Sad. Let me play this frankly. Worse. We're scared, we're scared of an obama presidency. First of all, I want to be President, United, States and obviously I do not want senator Obama to be, but I have to tell you I have to tell you he is a decent person and a person that you do not have to be scared. As a president, United States, now I just hear them turn on him. I. Just now look I I if I didn't, think I wouldn't be one heck of a lot better. President I wouldn't be running okay and that's the point. That's you I can hear the crowd turn on him. What are you dared to insinuate he's a decent guy. You don't have to be scared of I mean how messed up is our country that that simple insinuation? He is not the Antichrist. You don't have to be scared of him. He he's a good person. I can't believe he said that you know yeah. The second part is the part that people are outraged about I gotta. Ask you a question I, don't know why this lady was [. __, ], right, yeah, look at her hair man. This lady's she's got FoxNews pumping through her veins. These fellas don't run no really her. These colors don't run at all believing I can't trust. Obama III have read about him and he's not his, not he's a he's an Arab. He is not no! No ma'am she's like no ma'am. What do I say what do something? What to think tell me what to think no he's a decent family man, citizen that I just happened to have disagreements with on fundamental issues and that's what this campaign is all about. He's not thank you. Okay, he's just saying stuff with this, like don't even go there, we rise arguments so nonsense exactly and so here's the kind of tweet that I've been seeing online I'm gonna show you one example of many people, many of supposed enlightened people. Okay, look at this [ __, ], [, __ ]! Stop with the story about how John McCain shut down a race at a rally by saying Barack Obama wasn't Arab, but a decent family man, a citizen. You can be Arab and an American citizen. You can be Arab and a decent family person. These are not opposed. The story perpetuate racism. Bro you perpetuate racism, you're perpetuating this great divide and you are willfully I mean you either didn't watch the same. Clip I did yeah I mean dude. That's not what he said like he's read that, what's what really makes me sad is he's reaching out to these people he's putting his ass on the line to cross to make a bridge of glass and dignity that doesn't seem to be alive, left honestly, any more politics and say you know what he was saying he's a good man like if I'm gonna lose and he's gonna be the president. You guys don't have to worry. We disagree, but you'll have a good guy this. This is so sad to me it's great that people are politicizing this trying to besmirch him when, when his intention and it's the purpose of what he did was the exact opposite of what they're trying to say after his death yeah I mean she said, he's an Arab, but her insinuation was so much more that and he said what he's saying is no he's not an Arab he's saying no ma'am, don't even I go yeah, no dude wherever it is that you're trying to say yeah also he's going off-the-cuff. It's a live event! He's he's in the hole with all these people ready to turn on him he's making a risk they're like well. Actually we'll just want to clarify that Arabs can be good. People he's not an Arab, but Arabs can be good people. It's like dude. He shut her down, I, don't know I'm, so I'm, so sick of [ __, ] people like this dude. He could look at this other tweet. If someone responds to him, the same guy says I hope you I hope you actually take to heart. The idea of reading tweets without your own tweet from the hip assumptions getting the way. I clearly said the story was racist. This is the guy by the way I don't but I'm. Just like man this, it's not even about him. I've seen this sentiment echoed you know a lot and I just think it's it's a [, __ ]. Shame like we should be honoring this, like a really courageous moment: yeah nice of him when I saw it courageous and rest in peace to John, McCain, the last honest vestige of class, and how can a guy like that even be classy when the people he's trying to reach out to our visser ating cuz, it's never enough mm-hmm. That made me really sad, but I think John McCain's an awesome, dude and uh. He said he said in his final statement that he just wants to remember that someone that served his country, so he definitely will be remembered as that our EP and the words kill Tony from last night. Alright, let's move it on to this footage. I have to share with you guys is one of the most intense and insane things I've ever freakin. Seen in my life, you guys probably heard we covered a lot of the fires last year that were ravaging Ventura and Santa Barbara. There was a fire and NorCal or yeah I think was in North Cal that was even bigger than last year. Just have a gene and destroying the state. So on continues. So this father and son were out hiking and it was all clear. It was all good and they saw smoke in the distance and didn't think anything of it because it was pretty far away, but the winds picked up and this fire started spreading super fast and all of a sudden they're like we got to get out. We should we should get out of here. Mm-Hmm, and so here is their attempt to escape this forest. They were just on a hike, and this veil is just I mean it's one of the craziest things I've ever seen. It's a 70 year old, dad and a son and that Jeep escaping the forest go faster, do I go. We can drive through this. What so? For those of you, they can't see they're, driving down a narrow forest path and fires raging pretty much on all sides of them really intense forest fire. This is trees falling over like a movie yeah. It doesn't feel real, so they got they think they're out the fire is kind of cleared, the dead said we're out, and then they turn a corner, and it's like the craziest hell escape I can imagine just fire everywhere: fires raging over the road they're driving through it literally driving through fire Jesus god help us so so scary, so they reached a log in the road that was that was covering the road it was on fire and it stops there, which is like the craziest cliffhanger of all nine can't write it even in the movies that clip much of it cliffhanger. You know what cinch got I had know how the story ends. I'm gonna read it to you, guys there: okay, this shredder yeah there, okay, um I, find it interesting cuz that guy who's driving is like 40 and the dad is 70 and like in this life any situation how they like devolve kind of back to like a little child yeah. So these [ __ ] lunatics. They kick it into reverse and backed up through that whole road back through there in Reverse and made it out. That's so crazy, an excerpt of them explaining what happened. That's when things went bad to worse, a tree ravaged by the intense fire had fallen down across the road blocking their escape route. I saw that and I thought we were going to die. Justin said I thought we were trapped. There was no way we could turn around on the road. With his father's guidance. Justin kicked the car into reverse and drove the vehicle all the way back to the trailhead at the end of the road. At times, Justin said he was going as fast as forward two miles per hour. It was absolutely insane I, don't know how I was able to keep the car on the road he said, but somehow a few prayers and higher power. We stayed on the road once they were back at the trailhead, which was safe from the fire. For the time being, they walked down towards a nearby cabin to see if anyone could help them. That's when they saw a small boat floating on Lake McDonald with two people aboard, we flagged him down and they came over and grabbed us and we got onto the boat. Justin said ten minutes later we were on the water and we saw the whole part of the lake shore where we had been just standing. Just go up in flames. Crazy dude, unbelievable, like I was just I, was mind, blown when I wash I'm so happy that they I know I had to. When you first showed me, the video I was like you gotta tell me they made it cuz I. The thing is that you can't like appreciate is how hot it must have been yeah and driving it like this road to drive in Reverse, and it's unbelievable Jesus definitely took the wheel. His words anyway, I just wanted to share that little incredible thing. I saw with you guys. [Music] we've got California lawmakers passed bill to erase old park convictions. The state district DOJ. What the [ __ ] is that apartment of Justice Oh bless it out. Please calm down. Sorry, it's my fault, Department of Justice estimates that almost two hundred and twenty thousand cases are eligible for a ratio or reduction. They better pass that you cannot make it legal and then be like Oh. Everyone rotting in prison, yeah eat, [, __, ] too bad, imagine being in prison for ten years for pot, and then they make it legal and they're like okay. You can come out now. It's like [, __, ]. Anyone who's in jail for president. In this suppose, a land of freedom can you imagine, like I mean anyone could go to jail for having marijuana. It's like in your life like a bright young, mind getting wasted in prison, I [, __ ], our law. Our prison system is the most I think barbaric thing about this country almost really. By far, and so man, every one every one of those 220 people should be handed a joint two hundred twenty thousand two hundred twenty thousand people should be handed a fat blunt, a hundred thousand dollars I'm boxing, my thing and I'll put up a prize, but they should all be offered a fat blunt and a sincere apology from the state of California I mean that's. That is just a goddamn crying shame. It's unbelievable I, don't think any I think that drugs should be legal. I, think all drugs should be illegal personally, I, don't think what good does it do? Society, locking somebody with a drug issue up in prison I'll tell it what a good it does society. It creates a system of slavery, a free labor, hmm in prison yeah, and it makes a bunch of people that I'll privately-owned prisons a bunch of money so sick. It's it shouldn't be private. That's that I know something as that's prison yeah. You want to monetize, locking people up it's almost as sick as privatizing health care. Almost oh man, you're dying of cancer. Well, if you can't I mean the treatments, a million bucks, do you have a million bucks, I guess you're just gonna have to die. Then oh you're, the richest country of all time, mmm I'll, go to prison. They have a great health care. You just don't get paid, you're, basically a slave, but we will I wonder if you get cancer treatment in prison. Probably that's a good question. I think you do I! Think I think you do. Yeah I! Think you get hooked up somehow the conditions in prisoner I guess you have to make a free, a choice between freedom and dying of cancer, I love that and finally um Ethan you're such a socialist [ __ ], you not a so I'm a capitalist, socialist okay. Let's be realistic, I'm, not talking about communism. Look at Scandinavia, I love how people always like socialism doesn't work idiot, how you gonna pay for it. Let's go space force. Let's give rich people a [, __ ], ten trillion dollar tax cut how you gonna pay for help to healthcare. Everyone else in the word figured it out. You sound like a social. If Israel can figure it out Israel where they everyone anything, they don't agree about anything and they all care about money and somehow they all figured it out, and you everyone has health care, it's pretty much free Scandinavia, they always say socialism work, Scandinavia, Free, University, free health care, utopia, everyone's happy, great quality of life, they're, not okay, yeah, it's a capitalistic country, I'm, not talking about communism, you [, __ ] idiot, be realistic with what I'm saying just don't want to go bankrupt over getting sick. You sound like a dirty socialist, take a scumbag. Now. Can I lock you up and give you some cancer treatment in exchange for your life? Okay, get a little political here for a minute. We just found out it's been one year since our lawsuit ended and I can't believe it's not been longer. I cannot believe kind of explains when I look back, that our lawsuit just ended only one year ago explains how [ __ ] up I've been mentally we've moved twice. In that time we were in this gut-wrenching lawsuit, your dad has been sick. This whole time, mm-hm and I've just been like it's such a mental, [, __ ] this whole time and like you, it's hard to look from the outside, but like damn, it's been a crazy. It's been a crazy time. It's been a crazy year. I've heard a lot of people say that 27:10 was their worst year. Mm-Hmm seems like on New Year's. Everyone's like this is gonna, be my year. No, it's not guaranteed it's not anyway. I thought this was cute, our attorney that did most of the work. On our case he sent me this picture of his office. He's got. This t-shirt hung on the wall of his office, the matter of law, shirt that we made that absolutely won and I was like man, that's cool as hell, it's a trophy as he put it yeah and I. Thank you guys all for hanging around. It's been a tough year for us, and you guys hang in and round and caring about what we're talking about. What we're going through sure means a lot to us. Yeah not been my best over this past year. I would say that I don't think so. I'm felt like it. What is your best anyway? I felt like [ __ ]. You know, I made a jacket that says I feel like [ __ ], no, no secret! There, a lot of people related. What do we do about that? Well, we all feel like [ __ ]. What are we gonna do about that? Hmm that was great Dan was that you maybe one last update on the pool. Yeah I think we got a clear winner with Joey salads at 44%, 4,000 votes in Joey gone buddy, so reach out to them. Would you Dan will do okay? Let's set this up. I'm excited guys, [, __ ]. All the banksters would wanna well, we can have like a tournament bracket, so I get a prankster tournament have old bracket man I'll give a [ __ ], I kind of like the idea of like untrained just get in there and throw some punches I, don't mean you make. No one is allowed to train yeah. No big deal we're doing calm. Shoenice is the Guardian he's the boss. She nice is gonna, eat a stick of deodorant before he takes you on guys. Thank you for watching. This has been another correct opinion zone, h3, Tuesday episode, I, hope, you're, enjoying these Tuesday episodes. I have no plan I'm stopping because a lot of people don't know what to think about things, and if you need to know what to think how to feel my friends, it's Tuesday, we are fully enlightened and when you're in the correct opinion is owned, you can the wrong. Friday is Tim Heidecker, the comedy legend I'm, a pioneer God legend, I, would say: God I am both nervous and excited to make his acquaintance because, as many of you know, he is uh. I have said that he is the sole reason I've made comedy yeah I. Think most of our listeners know that so I think everyone is probably feeling your dread. Why can't I just be like? Why can't I just be happily excited I feel like that's normal, to be like I'm gonna meet one of my heroes. Why do I have to that's all your normal when your fire you're actually excited about stuff and like positively excited? Why do I have to suffer it's a good thing? Why do I have to suffer I shred? It you jump at me is like. Are we done yet yeah we're done shut up. Thank you. Everyone we'll see you on Friday, I love. Yet go watch kill Tony. We yeah. That was a lot of fun. It's on YouTube, just type kill Tony world we did it. I was great, let's go, there may be great show, and you can do great I didn't say a word. That's hard! Stick. I was really nervous, though. What's the [ __ ], so nervous again, why do I have to suffer? I was excited to be there. I love their show I like them. So why do I have to suffer? That's a question for another time. That's why we transcend. We think deeply. This is not an experience. This is an Enlightenment. We shall see you on Friday on the h3 podcast and might meant show. Thank you for watching. Thanks for watching [Music] [Applause] [Music].