[Music] today, my friends, we need this gays. More than ever, there's been a lot of static lately, mile up YouTube in general and hey and some of your lives out there too. You know what look at this man's gaze. Let it consume you, let all the issues that we're having here just evaporate from your body. Do you feel your spell your parent Li supposed to feel a tingling in your tip of your pants or your fingertips? Look at his a lip! It's like quivering! You see his lip quivering. Is that part of the gaze or he looks like he's about to giggle, because he know he's fleecing that everyone in the crowd? What's with this lip quivering, never notice that, but don't the focal point is that is the gates. Now listen, [Music]. Everyone just take a deep breath before we address the issues of today, which is at the top we're going to be talking about the backlash that I got for my PewDiePie episode: okay, I wonder how long before brats of people get in touch with it? What is with his a lip like? It's really got a quiver and in his left eye or right, if you're staring at it, is moving independent of the other one. This is kind of tripping me out now his right. Well, this gaze is not I'm losing the I'm losing the tingle I'm just confused his right eye moves independently of his left, one brat. So what what a gaze it is? You could gaze anyway, I wonder how long before brats those people are like gonna. Send us a notice for pirating this. This unlicensed to gaze. That eye is fruit anyway. Listen feel the gaze feel the warmth whom the Tingler. Today we are talking about the backlash we are talking about: Logan Paul, who posted on our roast meat on reddit and the results is something I never seen before. Just look at the gaze focus on the gaze: there's lots of booths and goofs up ahead. We're gonna announce the winners from the charity. This video is sponsored by video blocks, audible, naturebox, h3h3 shop, calm and pull-off brats up viewers like you who subscribe to us on Twitch. Thank you for that. I appreciate that now um, let's get! Let's get by the way, this is just me by the way. Let me change this. It's just me. I've! Never done this before. Thank you for that overlay. In case anybody doesn't know watching this. It doesn't know who I am I'm Ethan from h2 Ashley productions. I always like to thank you for coming out here and spending your Friday with us. I think that's a special congratulations on making it through Friday it's the weekend. You know God gave us the weekend so that we can watch catch up on Netflix and masturbate. That's what the weekends for, but before that we have this podcast that we share together all right. So, let's get into this, a lot of people were upset for an episode we had where we criticized PewDiePie for his usage of the n-word. There was a lot of people upset about that and I had a I have addressed it once before. I was drunk, I was, and I was four hours into a stream. I was nearing blackout drunk not probably the best state of mind to address something like that in fully acknowledge that so I definitely tipped my beanie and shame for that, and so let me just talk about it sober and after having reflected on it for a couple of days here, -, so listen. What I really think about it is that most of the people who were upset about it probably didn't watch the whole episode, because the the harshest criticism I landed against PewDiePie was that I was disappointed. You know spent like ten minutes talking about that was disappointed. It's been ten or more minutes of equal time or probably more defending the guy against these diss. The programmers you know who are like I'm, gonna DMC his whole [, __, ] catalog, and talk to every programmer I know and try to ruin his life. You know I mean my argument was: was simply that as the biggest youtuber and someone we've all defended in the past, I was disappointed to see him dropping the n-bomb. You know we're we're we're already vilified in the eyes of the media and it doesn't and it doesn't help and I and it you want to know you know why I mean like if, if anything, it would have been hypocritical, I felt to not talk about it. After having already defended him, I mean people say well, you didn't talk about jontron when his whole racist fiasco went down, while I never publicly defended, jontron I did for Felix, and so you know, I got a I got acknowledged. Both I got acknowledged both sides. If I'm gonna come out hard defending this guy I feel I could be hypocritical for me not to be like you know what he kind of [ __ ] up this time and that's kind of the extent as as far as I took it. I thought it was an interesting conversation. You know so clearly it was. There's been a lot, a lively debate about it, see a lot of people saying Oh PewDiePie did nothing wrong, I disagree, but here's the theer's the crutch, it's okay, guys to disagree with me. It's okay to disagree with people. This country isn't a [ __ ] divide like I've. Never seen before you can disagree, you don't have to get outraged. You know, and we talked about the cold of outrage. We make fun of them a lot but I'm, saying you're. The the level of outrage I saw simply by by uh by saying I was disappointed in the guy I'm. Just saying it's the cold of outrage, it's closer to home than you might think, everybody's getting to outrage these days. It's okay to disagree because here's the thing I'm with the same person I was a week ago, and so are you. You know if you think, PewDiePie did nothing wrong and I disagree with that. It's okay to disagree with me right were I mean I'm, assuming what most of us here are adults and that's [, __ ], fine I'm, the same guy I was you know now. I know when I was on my drunk I ran I was like [ __ ], you unsubscribe. If you disagree and I think that, among other things was taken out of context, although my approach was pretty ham-handed, don't I think the only thing I really want to apologize for is that drunken rant and two fans who were offended. Who felt that my my anger, my frustration was, was geared towards them specifically my point there, which I explained like a you know I basically was about as articulate as a bag of dirt. Not very my point, though, at the time was that if you didn't watch the whole episode, if you just heard somewhere else that I was a hypocrite. If you just watched a video of a side-by-side of PewDiePie, saying the n-word and then me being like saying the N word in that idubbbz episode and you came and left him in comment and dislike, then I was like well, you know: [ __ ], you so I'm talking I'm talking to these people who didn't bother to educate themselves on the full situation, but but you know even if you're, even if you disagree with me, god bless you. It's your right and that's what this podcast is all about. This is a topical. This is a place where we come. We talk about stuff. This is stuff that out. That's on my mind that I'm thinking about that's current and I, don't think talking about what happened with what pewdiepie is. Is click baiting? The guy for views is the whole friggin point of the show. By the way the show I mean I I, don't need I, don't need to clickbait we're OK, alright I'm, not like desperate for more clicks, to put it mildly. No, so, and it's like you know, I talked about getting outraged on behalf of somebody else. Me and Felix were cool before and after I made that I talked to him before and after I made that we're all good I mean Felix even said on. One of his streams is like I. Don't know why people are getting so upset by this. It's not that big of a deal. Why is everyone blowing this up out of proportion and I? Frankly, I agree, I, think it's this outrageous culture I think there's a lot of people were like I can get a lot of views by blowing this up and taking it out of context, and you know about the context, hypocritical thing: I, don't think I'm a hypocrite again. You can disagree with me and god bless you. God bless your life in your soul. I hope you ascend to heaven when you die and that the Paul what's his name at the pearly gates, he gets on his. He gets on his [ __ ] knees. He sucks your dick and he gives you a reach-around to he fingers your [ __ ]. He milks your prostate, that's what they do at the pearly gates. It's called the pearly gates for a reason and I hope. That's what awaits you anyway. Listen am I. In my you know, opinion there's a clear difference between calling someone, an n-word and referring to the word and a conversation about the n-word, which is what happened. That's what does what that's when I used it? If you say, hey you and word and anger and frustration, that's a bad way to use that word. It's a derogatory! It's insulting! You know. Can you I think you should be able to have a conversation talk. You know we're talking about removing power from the word right. That's why I chose to use the word in a relevant conversation about it. Instead of saying Ian, you're known for saying the n-word I chose to actually say it because you know I agree. We can take certain powers away from it when using it to a reference. So I think that there is a clear, crowbar separation, but referring to the word in a conversation about the word and calling someone the word, if you disagree, god bless you, you know: that's fine, I'm, the same person I was a week ago. So are you? May Peter [ __ ], give you a rim job at the pearly gates, okay, and so with that I say with that. I say to you that you know what I mean: god bless. God bless america I'll. Let me end on that. That's a good way to end things right. Dan, what hello ela? What's up, Oh God, that yellow you didn't you don't know anything about this right. You didn't you're not updated on all this. It's an I left for one day left for one day and everything is ruined. Lizzie's, not my fault! It's your fault! You know! What's gonna happen, you think that I can handle myself without a care. You leave me in here I can't the I can't deal with this. You leave me in a room with Eric and Jack and two bottles of Hennessy, whose idea was that how many pizza slices do you have a lot dude like six? Probably that's all I was upset about wait, yellow, I'm, sorry for smoking by the way, I'm nervous, I'm, not smoking anymore. I'm done that's the last cigarette you'll see me smoke on this podcast or on the street good. So anyway, dude did you were you listening to that yeah I was how'd. I do good! It's like the haters, oh, like that. What a big pimps that was you or Dan, that's [, __, ], awesome, listen, yeah, I mean listen to or to the I I just want to emphasize again to the fans who were watching now, who were offended by that drunken rant. I do apologize, I said I express myself like I. Didn't like a damn drunken fool. You know you can disagree with me. God bless you, but I also do want to say to every to everyone else. I want to say this: it's the bye dog and we should have had a sound bye. We need to add a sound and then to the rest of my beautiful super troopers I, say this hi and to everyone else who realizes that you can disagree with somebody, because you're still the same person you were before and afterwards and it's just fine to have different opinions. Sometime I offer you this this olive branch of peace, which is the dog with a thumbs up. So how are you doing out there EULA look at that MC studio. I just saw the right side got damage too sad, don't go to the wide depressing I'm. Okay, I'm really looking forward to come back home. No, yes, let me tell you dude I didn't realize how actually dependent I am on Gila until she was gone like the first day you left was basically when all this [ __ ] hit the fan and I'm. Just like man, I've been using paper, I've been using paper plates and privately at work. I saw I saw your Instagram story. Yes, all disposable silverware, you know, Ethan shows up to a podcast with no cameras. Yeah that was great I. Don't know what I told you guys that in the last episode, I showed up, I show ya I'm a disaster kit barely wipe. My ass I can't wipe my ass, incidentally, with baby watch. It's always clean, but here's. Here's a little update I want to give you illa until you're back ela is back very soon. Like five days now, I can't wait on Wednesday Wednesday, my dudes, it's Wednesday, my dudes mean guess what I have a huge announcement for everybody, the Bradbury boys, Moe and et you know him. You love him spider-man and Elsa pranks in the hood Sunset Park. The legends are coming in next: Friday: hey, wait, dude, I'm, freaking excited Barack Obama, your presidency is over irrelevant, Trump I wouldn't pass. I would put you in the queue behind these guys. I can't believe we're gonna be sitting with them in the same room. That's gonna be fireworks guys both of them both of them are coming. I tried to get Austin post in here, but I think he's on tour. He'd make the perfect accent to that. I thought regardless I am I, am so excited. They've been super nice, honestly, I've been talking to them in the DM z-- they've been really gracious. They're seem like really excited to come on, so I'm pumped man, I'm super excited so make sure to tune. In a week from today we got D bradbury boys on deck that meets on Bradbury. That's right! That's the best way to come back well anyway. Here's another weird one it hasn't been confirmed yet, but but Jeff Dunham's agent contact I've been in contact with him and Jeff Dunham might be coming on. Wait really I thought you were kidding. I said: I'm not kidding, I'm, not kidding Jeff Dunham's agent from UTA I've been talking to him and he's he's promoting his new Netflix here, a comedy special and he's his agent was like. Do you want Jeff Dunham on and I was like [ __ ], yes, but I was like for the sake of clarity and I. Don't want you to look like an [, __ ]. We we, we have a little bit. We it's a bit of a meme. Hmm I! Just want you to know that, and he actually didn't know that he's like okay I'll, look into that. I'll make sure it's cool, but I felt like it would have been [ __ ] up to be like yeah, a big fat. Bring him in yeah reason happens. Well we're not getting hair back from down yeah. No we're won't hear back, but no even after I told him, it seemed like a possibility. He was like. Okay, give me your schedule and she knows, like oh Jesus, you know be fine. If I made my own venture liquid puppets and did a act for him and asked him to read it. While bring a jiff down, [ __ ] doll, I'll, give them one. Oh man, I, don't know, I feel almost bad anyway. Listen, Neil, I know: what time is it there? It is 1:30 I am all right, I really don't want to wake up. Everyone in my parents, house, okay, all right! Well, thanks for calling in and um dude I need you back here like quick, like man, everything's falling apart, I mean the podcast the thing, but you should see our house there's like holes in the ceiling yeah, it's crazy, it's so bad there. You have a lot of work to do when you come back. No, it's uh I want everyone to know that Ethan is doing a lot too. Taking a lot on himself and I appreciate it thanks. You I appreciate that hey you gotta hold it down for your for the one that holds you down. I, don't know all right! Stop with that. All right! All right, love! You hm and I will and I'll see you soon. All right. God bless papa boss, bye dog by dog, emoji, our ID. Now that we've got that out of the way, I hope and by and by the way, I'm just incoming every drama channel, taking a completely reasonable statement out of context to desperately squeeze every last view out of this [ __ ] thing and suit to those channels out there who are currently editing. This clip right now, I say: have a coke crack open a soda pop and chill out gays have a gays it shits on YouTube man. Just don't tell them that you're using on licensed gays cuz, you may actually get in trouble with that guys all kinds of [ __ ] to talk about left this one really stuck out to me. Logan Paul went over to our roast me and EC. In my opinion, he seems like a perfect candidate for the roast medium right um. He titled it apparently I faked my colorblindness and everyone hates my brother hit me well, I, don't think I, don't think people like you necessarily either he's like everybody hates my brother like well, apparently I faked, my colorblindness I. Don't think I ever said that by the way I know that's what pissed off Logan. It was like I've heard I've heard through the grapevine that he genuinely hates my guts, although he did recently congratulate me on winning the lawsuit which I thought was was really nice in a video but um I never said he was colorblind. I think mean Ian. Just we just. We thought he exaggerated it like completely I, mean III, do think the guy's colorblind, but for the record I, don't think he's lying about it. I don't buy it he's [ __ ], no I'm kidding, he can see it, but anyway he so he posted on on our roast me and I've. Never seen this before zero points. It's got a straight-up zero I mean this is the best roast they could ever ever. Do it's at a straight-up zero, and this is I mean you know, for a celebrity. That is really something man. I was shocked when I saw that it's crazy um, let's see we got here. I spent a good 15 minutes waiting writing a roast for Jake Paul before realizing it's Logan. This is how interchangeable you two are: does someone who doesn't give two shits about your play? Pretend Internet fights the fact that it got zero? That's incredible that the hive mind all came together. I was like nope. Your face reminds me of the vine videos' stupid. Pointless and I can only look at it for five seconds. This was the big one that everyone was just like well game over it. The only thing more obnoxious than your ego is the mess on top of your head. You pander to a young audience is too naive to understand how unoriginal and mediocre you are, thankfully, I feel safe. Knowing that your reign and the entertainment industry will be short-lived, you will ultimately fade away like the rest of the conformist of pop culture. Learn from your mistakes, unlike your brother, and move on pretty good, pretty spicy. Your brother is an immature [, __ ] hated by everyone and he's still more famous than you now that I like that. Anyway, god bless you hey eight get him by that's just me out here: huh [, __ ]. It's just me and a microphone on camera. Alright! Next story: everybody by the way everybody that's been ordering merch from our h3h3 shop. Calm. Thank you! So much and God bless you for supporting us. So the best way to support us directly. You know we're new to this, so people have been emailing on customer support. We have been answering it because we like don't even know where that where they've gone, but we finally got the customer support signed up, the shirts are going out now. So if you have any problems, what's the support email down shop at h3h3 productions, comm, we will answer you within a day. That's my pledge to you or Dan Ian, and everyone back. There is completely and utterly know. I'm not gonna, do anything, but I would urge them to please get on that yikes. Oh, my god. You know what I was I was doing the other day so on the phone with my insurance company trying to get some insurance and they do this thing and I know you've all been through it where you call in and they make you answer a invoice. They don't even give you the option to push a number hello and thank you for calling. Please tell me the reason you're calling today and it's not like press one for [ __ ]. It's just like you have to answer in voice. I want insurance and it's like I kept going in this [ __ ] loop. It makes you feel so [ __ ] stupid, like you're yelling at your phone. You get so angry. There's not even another person there like yelling at my phone and add him an object. It's crazy! You ever have you ever done that damn I, just curse, constantly I just say: [ __ ]! You connect me to a person [ __ ], you [, __ ], you [, __ ], you and eventually really do you think they register the [ __ ] you and they're, like oh, so, I hope it's all recorded and their supervisor is reviewing it later. That afternoon it's in the bank's the the the NSA's got there somewhere someday to blackmail. You drop it and bombs at the answering machine. Yeah I mean yeah at the end you're just like [ __ ]. You stop stop sup I'll end up mashing, all the buttons I swear to god. I spent 30 minutes just trying to count contact, it sits in the same. Can we please I want to feel like a human? These machines are not smart enough. Yet that's a story. I have written here had that go not that good, that one didn't really land that well, it's kind of harder than I'm, just here by myself here, guys yikes um, doing great buddy uh, you know, what's my favorite show of all time, I just wanna I need to plug this Nathan for you, I don't get why this is the best show since Seinfeld. The best call me since Seinfeld Nathan for you it's on Comedy Central. The four season season is just coming back: I'm not paid okay, I'm now sponsor the show. I genuinely am obsessed it's made by absolutely Tim and Eric's production company and, like the show, is just complete madness. It takes them like a year or two years to make eight episodes because the way they shoot it is just so messed up it's about this guy Nathan and he he comes up with creative business solutions right on how to thrive like there was this episode in the last season. Where he's trying to sell this guy has an electronic store. He can't compete with Best Buy so is like alright, they have a price match. So here's what we're gonna do we're gonna sell our our TVs for $1 and Best Buy has got a price match it. During that time, we're gonna go into Best Buy buy all their inventory for $1. Here's the cares, the other catch. We don't want to actually make sure that anyone can come in store and buy the damn TV for a dollar, so we met first. He creates this little tiny door and behind that he says, there's a dress code. So people come trying to buy it he's like sorry dude you have to come in a tuxedo, then he's got this little tiny door when you crawl through it there's a live alligator there. You have to walk past that alligator and and get the TV to redeem the one dollar sale and the he's so deadpan it's to be so serious and the new season, starting now I'm freaking, obsessed I, swear to you now on everything that is holy on the gays of brought. So I swear this to you watch this show is I'm, I've, never laughed so hysterically and I feel I feel compelled to talk about it because it doesn't get enough love it's flying, it's flown, so under the radar it's so well produced. It's so well made the packaging of the shows like ridiculous, because just like this Blaine plain-looking guy Nathan, for you, it's not a very spicy title. You know, but my god, it's on Comedy Central, like I, saw a preview of the new season which, starting next week, he's got. You can't sell food at a stadium right and he knows he wants to sell chili as a business and I guess he got shut down or someone there got shut down. So he has this whole [ __ ] suit full of plastic. That is full all the way up with chili. Then he puts a huge suit over it. So he looks like one of these fat sumo, inflatable, gags and he's got a nozzle here. So he's just going up to people in the stadium and be like: do you guys want chili like I'll hook you up with a discount $5 and he squirts the chili out of his sleeve into a cup I'll. Tell you it's G, it's genius, I'm dying every time. Please do yourself a favor and watch this, and this is not a sponsor I'm, just genuinely enthusiasm possible, especially comedies goddammit. If anything go wash Nathan for you all right, there's one more thing: I want to show you actually! No, let's take it. Let's take a quick thanks to our sponsors. Here, I got a P up and hitting, though I've been hitting the coffee and the soda pops hard. So let me thank my sponsors today, my friends. This episode is brought to you by video blocks. Video blocks is a stock photo and video site. Here's the thing I've actually been using this for a year. It's I love it idubbbz. Actually recommend it to me cuz. He had like this incredible stock. Footage is like yeah. Where do you get this [ __ ]? So all the time you go to stock photo, we all the sudden you up. You go to stock photo websites and this [ __ ] cost like $500 dude. It's insane. It's like a picture of a dude sitting on a bench in front of a [ __ ] dog, taking a [ __ ]. It's like they have something for everything. $500 get real I'll, send the intern out there, the [ __ ] disposable camera. You told me that's worth $500. This is a hundred and fifty dollars per year. Do you go to videoblocks comm /h 3 150 per year, and you get everything you get all the goods by fred's. That's V I de o, BL o ck s, comm /h 3. If you've ever been in the need of a quick, sound bite, video or image, we'd love for you to talk about. Oh my god, it's it's! It's seriously! So useful gets to do quality stock for a fraction of the cost, download all stock videos. In your heart's desire with the member library, including HD and After Effects templates, you want to know how dan can you show that this all these little transitions we make like sent in the news with Dan all this [ __ ], we've done dan- makes that with video blocks they have these templates. You download it's so freakin easy, so useful, plus get exclusive discounts on millions of additional marketplace clips where you save 40% in the original artists, take home 100% of the sale price. All content is royalty-free, so you can use it in commercial or personal projects. New clips are added regularly, so there's always something fresh to download if you are an editor or a creator, and you want something royalty-free for your project or you just want some spicy temple, instant hot videos and pics head on over to video blocks, comm /, H $349 for a year's membership and I promise. You I haven't regretted it not even a little bit. So thank you to them. Next up, we've got you know, um, you love them. It's audible.com, slash, h3, podcast, audible, listen life is boring. It's just news. Fest I mean you take a walk, was F I'm, falling asleep, literally falling asleep on a walk, all the Sun you put in some earbuds. You got a walkie-talkie in your pocket or a Walkman yeah I'm back in the 80s pipe in some of those hot audio books into your ear. Ryan Terry here, audiobooks audibles got it it all. Capisce go to audible.com, slash, h3, podcasts, download, a free, audiobook and listen to it. After you sign up. Oh yeah, yeah I got to say this copy is a little messed up here, I'm panicking I'm having a panic attack. No, it's not that bad go to audible, comps! Let you guys know. Audibles they've got a huge selection, tons of of audiobooks narrated by beautiful creamy voices, celebrities. Here's what I'm gonna recommend you to sirens of Titan I talked about Kurt Vonnegut and in the last episode as my favorite author, this guy has has probably had a bigger influence on my life of any artist at all and I would say. Slaughterhouse-Five is my favorite book that he's written, but right next to it is sirens of Titan. This is a total space wrong. It's it is such a wild ride. It's like it's like The Odyssey in space, it's crazy, it's about like religion and brainwashing time, travel and and all throughout it's just it's. It's got this a wonderful comedy, dark, comedy commentary on humanity and the way he writes it is just so accessible, I promise. This book is gonna, stay with you and impact you for years to come. It's called sirens of Titan by Kurt Vonnegut and you can go to audible.com, slash h3 and get it for free with your free audiobook, with a 30 day free trial, guys. So please, head on over to audible.com, slash, h3 podcast, a bus, and finally, we have naturebox. Oh my cheddar lentil loops. Yes, please lose him. We all want to eat better, but when it comes to snacks, I won't chew into the mic. Actually I've made that mistake too many times. Sometimes you feel like the whole world is delicious in a billion calories versus boring and tasteless does not have to be that way. Nature box has a hundred snacks that taste good and are actually better for you. All. Snacks are made of high-quality, simple ingredients which means no artificial, colors, flavors or sweeteners. So you can feel good while you're stuffing your face, which is what I do with it. You can eat it like a normal person. Listen if you go there. You're gonna get free three free snacks. If you go to nature box common, the aged cheddar, lentil loops and the oh, my goodness, the Sirat, what do you call those cashews, the spicy cashews Dan's obsessed, sriracha cashews? Would you please forget about it? There's also this coconut cashews, which are incredible when it comes to snacks. Nobody beats that nature box because it's slam packed full of good [ __ ]. It's gonna get you going and it's healthy goddamnit I'm pissed, because nobody else does snacks like naturebox angry, so simple, just go to nature box, calm, 3 choose the snacks you want and that's delivered right to your door and I'll tell you what else: there's no risk! If you ever try snack you don't like they'll, replace it for free I mean come on so right now, nature box is offering h3 podcast fans, three free snacks, with your first order, go to nature box, calm for free three free snacks. So, though, thank you to our sponsors, guys, if you want an audio book, go check out the sirens of Titan I promise. You will not regret it. You get it free. If you want some snacks head on over to nature box and if you some goddamn stock footage videoblocks is the place. So thank you to our sponsors. Thank you. You guys for hanging around I really need to urinate. When we come back, we've got a ton of good good good stuff on the way, so stay tuned and I appreciate you be right. Back! Welcome back to h3 podcast me without my care. I feel like that'd, be a title of a great, a great blockbuster, really emotional, stuff, Academy stuff, ketamine award-winning stuff me. Without my care, starring, Tom Cruise as or yeah. It would be the care, in this case, probably more like a I like Tom Cruise. As the carrot just reminds me, of Rain Man and I'm, there I'm the Rain Man, apparently in this analogy, who would be a good kid play good ela care in that movie? Any thoughts out there like I, want to say Gwyneth, Paltrow I think she could like somebody that has kind of like a you know, warm caring or worth Paltrow. That's that's a good one like when it's like shallow old, but Gwyneth Paltrow she's a bit of a mess. Her life isn't an order. I'm like this, isn't about ela I'm, just pitching this movie to Hollywood. Okay, don't don't don't draw an analogy if there's any executive watching this, this is my idea, can't Nick it. It's a see, there's a there's, a invisible sea. Next to it, which means copyright, Gwyneth Paltrow, her life's a little bit of a mess. She's got a she's got a for lack of better word: [, __, ], little trooper and man. One day she just takes the wrong bus and and and her little [ __ ] brother is his missus. The bus and she's like oh, my god, where's where's Ethan. It's like home alone kind of except it's it's a low, functioning or like babies day out it's it's a low functioning version of Rain Man and without the intelligence, and it's gonna be great I'm excited for that by the way. Apologies for saying, [, __ ] apologize to everyone. By the way. Again, you know yeah I, don't know. Can you say [ __ ]? Is that offensive because again, I do think, there's a difference between just stop you're acting [ __ ] right now, okay, Christ took a nosedive fast guys, I wanted you to update you. I know a lot of people in saying worst: h3 videos were staged, savea's was it just the podcast now and I just want to assure you I agree: it's been a long time since we made an HD, video and I want to badly I I explained previously, but I want to re-emphasize. We just moved into a new house and it's a toll. Everything is just a total flippin mess right and so we're building our home studio, which is still a couple days of away from being done. We've just been so busy Eva with her family. All these chores, everything that comes with getting a new house and stuff like that, so we've been ah I- cannot wait to make a new h3, video and I hope that we will continue to normality of making it at least once a week coming up very soon. I'm gonna work, I'm gonna make one this weekend for sure. I've got a good spicy one on deck, the video is probably going to be in a really large echoey room. That sounds awful and looks worse, because the home studio is not done, but hey, you know, come hell or high water, the goofs. They come the booths, they come quicker and the damn the the the distance. What was the one I was talking about. That Yili was really not approved of the staffs. Oh, you don't want to know about the spathes but they're out there, alright enough about all that [ __ ]. Oh, we got some callers when we take some calls. What's always a joy, a shimmy, we got Shmi on this phone. Hello Shmi talk to me right: hi how's, it going hello hi. So my question was: what music are you Aniela into at the moment? No, okay. Thanks for the question appreciate you music, well, I. Think my favorite artist straight up is Kendrick Lamar he's killing it. That guy is reimagining. Our me he's bringing like hip hop back boy from the 90s and I've always been a big hip-hop fan, but I mean there's a lot of other great people making hip hop, but I. Think Kendrick is just like on another love him and he's just creaming it like how many albums in a row like I've, been crushing it from good kid. Maad city like section.80. Probably his is my least favorite album of his, but he's got. He was killing it. He had tracks killing on that. One good kid, maad city bangers all day, still wasn't even on the radar totally comes out with to pimp a butterfly. That's when I discovered him I found like um his music video, alright on YouTube and I was just like what is this. This is like 90s hip-hop. This is the good [ __ ] back yo and I must have listened to pimp a butterfly like a hundred times. I mean that album is just mind-bending and how thematic it is, how everything ties together and how he incorporates like jazz and hip-hop into this. Just it's a whole new fusion and it's really musical a lot of people criticize hip-hop they're like oh, it's not music. It's just some dude talking, not Kendrick that guy's made out there making jazz he's, making funk III you. You have got to listen to Kendrick Lamar. If you have not, and then you know after to pimp a butterfly, he had untitled unmastered, and this was just a mixtape. He threw together in between damn, which was his newest one and to pimp a butterfly was with all the leftovers, and that album was incredible, and this is just the [ __ ]. He had laying around that [ __ ] was insane, damn comes out, I mean clearly it was critically acclaimed, but I feel like even still was underrated. It was a that dude reinvented himself completely because to pimp a butterfly was like jazzy. He had this whole sound that he elec worked up to and mastered, and then he drops damn and it's like all that shit's out the window that takes so much courage to like be like I'm I'm. The master at this I'ma start all over now with a new sound and he killed it. I love it I, love artists who can make who can make like themed, attic albums that really work? You know, that's the whole point of an album right should be a collection it should go. It should be like a collect like the Beatles were amazing at it. A lot of the people from the 60s were great at it, but it was kind of like a lost art he's like theme, attic, albums and I. Think he's he's really really good at it, so definitely Kendrick Lamar and then obviously my boys Mac DeMarco right now. If you're talking about contemporary rock and roll Mac, DeMarco forget about it friend of mine, hoping to get him on the show soon, but he is [, __ ] killing it. You know it's funny. I saw Mac DeMarco on Charlie Rose. Who is like this serious journalist he was on like 60 minutes last week he had Steve Bannon on I was watching it in bed. I was like this is fascinating stuff and then the next week he's got Mac. Tomorrow, I was like what on earth he's killing it. Then, of course, your boy post, Malone without being said, [Music] yeah, that's it love them all. I mean post is killing it such a young guy, so talented and he's accomplished so much already yikes. What? If? What a god all those guys. Thanks for the question, I had more to say about that than I thought. We got another call coming from b-bones one five-o talk to me: doggie, hey how's, it going hey, did uh, yes, uh yeah, sorry I'm getting a little bit of lag; okay, so uh. What do you do to get rid of stress, Wow, good question, masturbate lots and lots: qur'anic, Master, I'm, masturbating right now now, thanks for that question, that is actually a really good question. Thanks, dougie a slick, tiny little vibrating tube. What Dan? Apparently some boy did that that's funny um! You know what man that is such a good question, because in my line of work, I'm always at a computer and my free ID I am I free time. In my work and my everything I do in my life kind of melt, I don't have like a clear separation between work and free time, and it's actually a huge huge, huge problem for myself is a problem. I've actually been thinking about, like what do I do? Man I need like a [, __ ] hobby need to buy some wood and start whittling wood or something. What do people do with their free time? I, don't know I used to play video games I'm. Finally, I find myself growing bored with video games. You know who can play this [ __ ] I just bought divinity too, which is like this new RPG there, everyone's loving I fire it up and I'm like after, like 20 minutes, I'm like this is so [ __, ], boring, you're, suppose I comb you're supposed to read like tomes I'm like oh, my god, dude I'm, gonna roll just get a novel, there's no way some guy and divinity 2 is reading tilt like a two-page tome. The treasure map is Martin, I, don't know so. I know you gotta. Let you guys like video I love video games, but more and more I find myself. Maybe it's just I don't know like my favorite video games has got to be [. __ ], like I, mean I play a lot of overwatch that [ __ ] gets boring. It's like how much can you play that? No, what's your favorite video game of all time, favorite video games of all time recently the new Zelda I was I was I. Think that was just a great game. It sucked me in. It was like incredible that this the sense of adventure, because there was no rendering or loading and the the view distance in the game like how far you can see was like never ending, was just like. Ah inspiring you be on one end of the map and see it like a volcano, that's on the completely other side of the map and actively walk towards it, and it feels so real and adventurous. It was completely completely enthralled by that game and maybe was just a good game. I, don't know, I mean other than that. It's like the classics, half-life really like really like the Bioshock Bioshock TM I did like that one, but was those Commander Shepard, meaning aspect yeah. Obviously the new one was a was a steaming bucket to come good. How we thought [ __ ] after like who, maybe that's why valve is not making half-life 3 cause they're like I, don't want to I, don't want to ruin the legacy with the steaming pile of [ __ ] couches. How do you end? It don't say it even if it's true, don't say it, it's too real. What do I do to relieve stress I, don't I'll go for a walk, I, don't listen to audible, while I'm out there there you guys walks are just so boring. I'll, listen, ah, audible.com, slash, h3 podcast! Thank you for that question. We got one more from liveth live. How are you buddy? What scared hi I was actually gonna. Ask what book or movie you'd like to see brought to the big screen or like remade did love it. Thank you for that question. So this is actually serendipitous and I'm. Not blowing smoke up your ass, but siren of Titan. The book I recommended at audible.com slash a free podcast is actually the one thing I would love to see brought to brought to film because it's it's so insane like the scope of it is so insane you've got earth. You got space, you've got bases on the moon and on Mars at a certain point, you're traveling to that -. It's called sirens of Titan because it's about Titan, the one of the moons of Saturn, that is, is supposed to Lee, supposedly very likely candidate for having some kind of life on it, and so in the story. You eventually go to the center of the moon of Titan you're all over the solar system, and it would be super hard to translate, but man it would be a spectacular if I ever took a shot at screenwriting or or adapting I would do that I'd be [, __, ], I'll blast. Alright, let me show you some memes here. This thing you guys know: I love, sucking Elon disks, Elon Musk's, dick I, wonder if he has any like cybernetic improvements to his penis. Definitely because he's about with another question, I mean he's the game. He's mister cybernetic, going to the future, he's got or must have a robotic dick, that's just hard all the time you can. Can you imagine that if you put your dick in and you're like, he like how's that baby she's like a little wider push a button? Your girth, like increases it's too much a little bit less she's like that's right, is that sexual harassment is that what you just did when you said that to me. Oh I'm telling you, ladies, ever all the ladies out there like what up all the guys to. Even where are you at look at this here's a picture of Elon on a zip ties. Kills me all right Elon. This is called a zip line and the humans they enjoy this they enjoy very much Elon then I'll enjoy it as well. Get his [ __ ] places like he's so and I'm used by it. He totally is like a data, ask Star, Trek character. Mmm, then I sure enjoy it as well. I. Don't whoever made this memes incredible! I love the diet that how dry the dialogue is. They enjoyed very much feel on had to share that with you as I am a chronic Elon Musk dick writer with his girth with his girth, his girth customization I need that girth customization upgrade that an option like the insanity mode yeah, it's okay, girth, optimization! You like it tiny you like it fat. We can do it all. Oh here's of some news. You guys probably heard about this massive earthquake in Mexico, City 7.1. You know there was an earthquake in LA a couple nights ago, 3.1 in Hollywood I was sitting home by myself like a lonely, ass loser, which is what I am and I was talking. I think I was talking to ela and I was like getting a little bit of a ride. Well, that was fun. Was that an earthquake you know cuz, it was caius, wasn't subtle, but I just went and went away and I'm like well I'm, it's possible I'm, losing my mind and basically in a deprivation tank right now, which is an empty house anyway, turns out I'm, not crazy, at least not for that reason, but this footage of the 7.1 earthquake, a Mixel which is quite quite massive. 250 people died, including 20 children. After a school, collapsed yikes central Mexico was hit by 7.1 magnitude of earthquake on Tuesday. That is of that is rough. Yeah 7.1 is no joke. I mean this footage is, is I've, never seen anything like it on the water? There's just something really incredible about this footage. You take a look at this [Music] you're, probably safe there. Late done, but look look at the earth is like moving as if it was on the water, which is essentially what our earthquake is. It liquefies the earth and it moves in wave length and waves, look at them and a great time as the as the the Mexicans are like. Okay is my family dead, hey, hey, let's have a beer and that dudes like please don't let my family, my house collapse on my family, but look at that. I mean it's really really just beyond the horror of it. Just like this modern age, where everything's filmed is crazy, so I I had read actually that why the looks like the ground is like rippling. Like that sure, a lot of Mexico City is actually built. Like kind of on these weird floating islands, like the whole city, really yeah, they were originally built all the way back in, like the aztec times, you're telling me, mexico city is built on something that as Tex may, the city is huge, but there's like a core area of it. That yeah is like semi-aquatic god, that's so actually I. Remember, learning about that that that has Tex were expanding their city into the water right. Those crazy Fox man pretty badass. So is this because of the gays having sex, or was this just something that happen sometimes on earth? No, can you guys please stop [ __ ]. Do you not see all the devastation there causing across this planet hurricanes? Earthquakes must be a sex must be amazing if God hates it that much the world must be if, if God, if God hates dick on dick action that much it must be great. In fact, I want to try it I'm gonna rub my dick on some dudes and like the earth is gonna crack on open, um I, wonder if that I know, there's certain laws, the govern. You know using an intern like mom have to check on on if you're allowed to had to rape your interns, you he's consenting, it's fine, oh he's consenting, and that shaking is that no and that way is if there's consent involved, then I'm not interested kidding anyway. Going down this with this whole rabbit hole of earthquakes. I found this other video. That was just crazy. Look at this [ __ ], there's I, don't actually don't know the details of this one when and where was 2015 not that long ago, get him look at these. Look at these sorry, some [ __ ] in this pool. Look how she blew my mind. Watch this I love this guy, trying to swim out. Whoa like look at this poor bastard, it's believable! Isn't it Wow, yeah I would have incorrectly thought that a pool would be like a relatively safe place to be, but well I mean he's fine. You know yeah I, guess, but but but hey I, guess if it goes along enough, [ __ ], you could probably get get a bit slammed against the side. Can [ __ ] you up I! Just I don't know it's like it's hard to imagine how much the raw power there isn't an earthquake, but watching that foot is just like holy [, __, ] yeah, that's nutty umm, and then that led me again I'm just going down this water motif of just like the energy. That's out in water. I saw this. This happened like a week ago in China, some damn bust, open may water is, is just such a it's crazy! Look at this [ __ ] man. It's terrifying like this, so this dam broke in China I mean all that potential energy stored up behind this. This concrete wall just charging forward. This is all just gravity, essentially potential energy and look at the force of that. What I was saying like the technology now like we don't miss a thing when that tsunami, tersely, when that tsunami hit Japan the videos from that were, work were disturbing, like nothing I had ever seen before of, like a you know, a 30-foot wave crashing into the coastline [Music]. There's people trying to save those cars need to just give the [ __ ] off you're right. There was some [ __ ] blocking out this one [ __ ], these poor bastards, this one guy on the truck in the bottom left he's trying to like drive out on a crane, not he's backing out on a crane, and then these guys have cars and they're they're honking at this guy on the cram laughing cuz. It's so [, __ ] up. Look at this [ __ ] on the bottom left. Look at this look at this: it's the crane! Won't it won't back up, and now these guys are [ __, ], [Music], yikes [Music]! That's what happens! Man you try where this is like this shit's, not Nestle, we're trying to tame the beast. We're trying to tame the damn natural forces meant some of those I, don't know, I'm sure everyone's seen the footage from the Japanese tsunami. That was absolutely absolutely mind-bending. [ __ ] should want to pull someone up here. To show you guys that there's one of it like crashing across like a there, was one of the oh man hey. Can you try to find that in there's this one video in particular of a tsunami crashing on the beach head and there's a little road with cars trying to escape like drive away from it, and it's just you'll know when you see it it's like just. It makes this enormous impact on the ocean and just like a almost like a 50, it's like out of a sci-fi movie for pizzas sake. I think I might have it. Meanwhile, let me take a call real fast Marylyn. Talk to me. Tell me: what's good melih, hey what sorry hey, what up I have a question for you, which is: where do you realistically think your life would be if YouTube didn't exist, great question? Thank you for it, I'd be likes, dude I, don't know, that's the worst thing about life right. It's like I feel like everybody's got this potential inside of them, and it's just like there's so many roads and possibilities for different ways for your life to work out. You know when I finished college I was like I, have a complete unknown journey before me. In a time where it seemed like all none of my friends had jobs. Nobody could could make a living. The only option was being a waiter, which is what I me and almost all my friends were when we finished college, when we were in college and that was it I remember when me and Ella were in Santa Cruz like the red bell-pepper story, we were so broke. There was some company offering of like a $40,000 per year, job for some entry-level [, __ ]. You know like marketing something and they did their like. Entry-Level junior marketer must have five years of experience like you know how the world is these days and I spent, like you know, must have spent like 15 hours just working on my resume. Writing all this dumbass [ __ ] on it. Obviously they never even called me back, but I. Remember thinking like oh, my god 40,000 our troubles are over, but what would I do I mean when I when I moved to Israel with Ella? Luckily, there was way more opportunities there because actually had a marketable skill. I I, Spokane, English I even had a degree in English literature, so I had a marketable skill. There. Everybody here speaks English, so that actually enabled me to get a job where I could make like 30, 40 I think I was making like at my peak. I was making like $5,000 a month. What is that like 40,000? It's not that much [ __ ] money, but you know I felt like I was born. You should always feel like you're balling man, [ __, ], that you know he's got it. You guys feel good if you're hustling like even when we didn't mean he they were waiting tables and we're like we're, making 100 bucks a day. It's like cool dude, we're getting by, but I mean without that. Well, yeah, I I was in close with my boss. We were in an industry in Israel that I didn't give a [ __ ] about that. I had no passion for it, but it was a day job. My boss wanted me to become a partner with him and a new company was making and that's probably what I would be doing now. You know, but you know, on the other hand, it's not all doom and gloom. It was something like I was like. This is okay I, it's okay to have a normal life and make ends meet and have a job and support you and your family take a vacation. You know buy yourself, some nice stuff, it's okay, dude! There's! No! Shame in that. There's! No shame in working at McDonald's is a machine and being a waiter or working at a job. You don't like it's [ __ ], it's life, man, peaks and valleys, [, __ ]. Now that I've got my dream, job still work, [, __, ], probably I'm, probably on a whole, more stressed out now, generally then I was back. Then you know back. Then you go. You sit! You shitty job. You surf, read it for five hours. You work for three hours. You come home and you're [ __ ] done. The stress of work is lifted from your brain because you don't give a [ __ ] and they know you don't give a [ __ ], but you know when you have a dream job you care about it. Do you you there's no limit, you? Don't you don't have these limits like I'm thinking about all the time the stakes are high, all the time. There's no such thing as a weekend. There's no such thing as like it's Saturday, it's Sunday, I'm, not gonna, think about work anymore. You know, I have to go, make a HD video after this I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna work all weekend. I love it. You know it's my job, it's my dream job, but I'm, saying the grass is definitely always greener and the thing I miss the most about back then, is that weekend right that those vacations I could go and leave for a week or two on vacation and come back. I feel like I. Can't really do that: [ __ ] anymore, so I'm, just saying man, it's cool! There's! No! Shame in having a job that you don't like. There's no shame and no shame. Dude now and being out there grinding your salt of the earth, you're a good god, blessed human. What else? Where were we? Oh, you have that video Dan I think it's the one you were talking about, I, linked it to you where the [ __ ]. Did it go? How do I feel [, __, ] and like the pop-up window, went away? It's in our private Channel am I. Not there cuz I'm at the bottom. I, don't see it. Can you send it to me again yeah there it is alright, let's see if this is it. We were talking about this tsunami, video, that's pleasant, let's, let's, let's just in it. Oh good good. Let's listen to some soft jazz as one of the greatest catastrophes is this a sick joke. This is [ __ ] me I'm, gonna mute this. This is sick. This isn't the one I was thinking of, but this is. This is a good one. I mean he let the force of this is that you can you name a having it and choice to escape like these guys in China they're, like? Let's get the hell out of here. These people are just like oops I'm, fine, the ocean is now in my city here. Oh maybe this is the one look at this [ __ ] the ocean is just like. My border is no longer look. I mean that is, that is the stuff of nightmares yeah literally living in a coastal city ourselves, that's fun! Well, there's no fault line off the coast of California action. That's true! So where we are safe for tsunamis, sadly Japan is it has a fault. I'm gonna need to wash again right off the coast. There's a bridge. It's a strong structure there. It is replaced with a house I think this [ __ ] is just how does it sell Bridge somebody there was actually an oh. This is the one. This is the one or one of them here, this all right watch. This guy is like nope. No, this isn't actually the one, but okay yeah turn around there buddy. How many people are like uh? What the look at all that I mean it's just it's like Katamari. You know that [ __ ] yeah. It's actually not the one, but you get the you get the idea. I'm not gonna. Look for it this whole time. Man, it's scary! You gotta, you gotta! You just got to realize how how I mean this is the earth? Okay. This is [ __ ] that can happen on this planet, but there's I don't mean to give you guys an existential crisis, but there's [ __ ] out there called how's it called alpha or gamma gamma bursts, gamma ray bursts. You look at a tsunami, hits Japan, it's devastating scary, gamma ray bursts, it's when a star explodes and the direct zap laser from the star. It's it's that the chances are so slim of this happening, but it's basically when the lasers zap from the explosion is basic, is guided right towards Earth and it hits earth dead-on. We wouldn't see it coming and we would all evaporate. Gamma-Ray bursts. They theorized that it's actually happened before once or twice, because there's all these unexplained mass extinctions that have happened on earth, they know there's been like six mass extinctions and the fossil record, where all the sudden everything dies or like 90% of the life on Earth just ceases, and sometimes they just can't explain it like the big dinosaur one they're like it was a meteor. Sometimes it was an Ice Age. Sometimes they just can't explain it at all and suddenly everything on earth, [ __ ] dies. It's like what so one of the theories is this gamma-ray burst just hits the earth the side that it gets hit on completely evaporates instant death. Then the side that doesn't get hit it basically obliterates. The atmosphere and I mean I. Think what hap there's just no radiation protection from the Sun and it just gets super hot and we all just [, __ ] die I'm, saying man, you gotta, you gotta, just you know, keep everything in perspective, I, don't say I, don't think you should be scared by that I think you should be liberated by it. You look at a picture of the Milky Way galaxy. The earth is on the outskirt of the Milky Way galaxy. You got a huge spiral on the very outside arm, there's earth. It's like who the [ __ ] cares about. Whatever shit's bothering you it's not scary and we're all gonna die by the way. It's not like you're a personal. What? What does that? Surprise? You Dan, sorry that that's new to see you then we'll have to have a conversation after the show. I got some bad [ __ ] to break deal okay, but it's like the [ __ ]. You know this [ __ ] hits earth we're all dead. It's you give you anything to worry about personally, we're all [ __ ] right, so it's like [ __ ] cares. Do whatever you want, just don't harm anyone else and whatever you do for God's sake, don't say the N word. That's important! Cuz, that's even worse than getting hit by a gamma-ray burst all right. I! Guess we got some calls. What do we got? We have got some calls by this cool last dude, whose name is cool knowledge? Hey cool knowledge: what's good, hey just wanted to ask what are some of your main inspirations when it comes to comedy all right, cool thanks, Doug main inspirations. Definitely Tim! Heidecker is the first time I ever thought was like. Oh, my goodness, this is like some comedy that speaks to me. Like really speaks to me. Remember, I was sitting in my dorm room. It's like saw my third year of college sitting in my dorm room by myself. At a one-bedroom place, it was like 3:00 a.m. Adult. Swim comes on. It must been like the first season of of awesome show and I was like what the [ __ ]. Is this a weird [ __ ] I had never seen like mr. show or anything like that, which I guess is the predecessor to that show and I was just like man. This [ __ ] is wild and it also was like I. Had this I just loved Tim Heidecker I love the way he carries himself and does his comedy and in a weird way it made me feel like I I could I could I could do that? I could try that our comedy cells are different but I, but I give me this thought of, like only I, always wanted to be a comedian but I'm like huh. Well, what do I have to offer to the world still don't still not sure about what that is, but all my beginning, all of our first videos, was basically me just trying to be Tim Heidecker, and it was awful too, because that's kind of what learning the craft is all about. You emulate somebody. You admire some of you think's funny and you just do it for long enough and then all of a sudden it becomes your own voice and that's when you actually probably start entertaining people for real, definitely Tim Heidecker I mean in terms of inspiration, that's pretty much it. That was pretty much like the one dude who I was like [ __ ]. Maybe I can do this. You know so pretty much that oh we've got Haley from New, Zealand I. Remember her Haley from New Zealand. This isn't your first time calling. Is it Haley, hey, yeah, nice, to hear from you again? How are you doing? Yeah I'm good, thank you. So my question was: when you take that much deserved vacation one day. Please take it. What is on your treble like to dues like must-haves bucket lists, mmm bucket list, all right cool? Thank you. Thank you. Bucket list in my bucket is piss and jizz and the words have Justin roiland. That's what my bucket lit my bucket is full of the list. However I don't know we want to go to Hawaii. We want to go to Italy I'd like to go to Mars like to go to the center of the moon of Titan, but I guess just Hawaii in in Rome. Get some pizza, pies Italy, give it a forget about it. Is that we forget, hey, forget that's Italian right, that's the Italian! Hey could I get forget about, could I get I want to forget about it? Hey forget about that, and they know exactly what you mean chicken parmesan light on the cheese: hey can I get it forget about it, forget about it. I'm, a [, __, ] idiot yeah, guys another show I love, American vandal on Netflix loved it. Let me be your guide to entertainment, because I have such a hard time. Finding good shows to watch Nathan, for you must and then another one that just absolutely consumed me. I was American vandal, it's a parody, essentially of all these true crime shows that are showing up specifically I. Think it's a parody of like serial podcast, which a lot of people followed. I listened to it, I loved it and it's the premise. Is somebody drew a penis on all the faculty cars at the school and it's this huge whodunit who drew all the penises? It's such a great premise and it what's even greater. Is that what what turns quickly starts as a parody and a satire turns into a legitimate intriguing show of who the [, __, ], sure the penises and actually one of the the main character is a youtuber Jimmy Jimmy the world according to Jimmy, make sure I'm saying, as am right, life according to Jimmy, and he was great, he was so good, so cool to see like um youtubers out there actually making good [, __, ] so tip of the beanie to him. Oh, we have the raffle winners: hey in other news, Justin roiland friend of the show [ __ ] Justin roiland. Oh, they took the [ __ ] video down. What the hell you serious, you guys heard his Terry folds. He made this song for for one of the episodes of the season with his uh with this band chaos, chaos I'm gonna play it for you. He was so [ __ ] excited about this song. I, remember: I went over to hang with him one day like the day after he made it he's like Ethan Ethan. Listen to this listeners and I was like tilted got. It apparently he's, but he's just played it like a trillion times for everybody who comes over, but because he was very passionate man very passionate about this song and I get it cuz. This song is awesome. Why is it so quiet though? That's it? That's all I get. He wrote this song for one of the episodes [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music], this shit's, a [ __ ], it's a total romp and and apparently this song was actually trending on Billboard top rock songs at number 33. Above Foo Fighters, like straight-up, legitimate musicians and you've got Justin roiland and chaos. Chaos, that's the band. He made it with they're super talented check them out. This absolute goof was trending above it I just love that so much so it's available on iTunes go support. Justin, roiland friend of the show or just go, give it a listen on YouTube tweet at him, say: hey loved your song, Terry Folds tweet at chaos, chaos and say: hey loved your song, because it's great and actually listen to it. If yo, because it's [, __, ], hilarious and and and here's the part, that's the kicker, it's actually great song. It sounds amazing. Chaos, chaos, -, killed it on that background tracks, alright list. Let's announce the winners um of the raffle, so we we were, we did it. We raised like two hundred and thirty four thousand dollars unreal. Now we I'm gonna, give a breakdown here. I think all this data is super interesting, because we we we made a script and had every dollar count as one raffle entry we did a completely random, probably legitimately and Dan, and his infinite knowledge and wisdom recorded the whole. Damn thing to ensure that if anyone ever doubts it, you can see that we did a legitimate because there there's some people where it's like. Oh oh I, yeah I bet he won. You know so he's want everybody to know this. [ __ ] is filmed and it's legit. Now Alex's classic red flannel was won by this dude. The khatim, who donated five [ __ ] dollars it raised. Eight thousand I actually felt bad because someone gave two thousand dollars for that. One I felt I really wanted that person won because they clearly want it, but that's the beauty right, but I guess they only had a 25% chance, Rick and Morty Rick Mobil diecast, raised 4000 was won by this guy ten bucks. It's so cool to see these like these nominal. On the smaller side, winning I mean it's a beautiful thing. Um, let's see ten thousand dollars Wow what the hell you want. Handmade Donny dolls raised ten grand ELA ten bucks, both winners, the Szechuan sauce, killed it twenty four thousand dollars, you madman, Justin- that was number one, and actually so here's one of the questionable ones, Matt from loot crate donated one thousand three hundred dollars and he got it. So congratulations! You know it's crazy. He donated a thousand bucks. You still only have one in twenty four chances. There's not that good, but I've. Clearly much better you've got Justin. Roiland drying says we're about four five hundred. Let's see now what was this more t-shirt? There was Oh. Alex's journal did really good. The blacklight Journal raised 14000 rick and morty artbook 22,000 holy [ __ ] hundred fifty bucks got that one. We already know to fight all the winners by the way we're shipping out everything today. So everyone who won thank you for just participating. I love, you it's a beautiful thing, we're all everything's packed up we're sending it out. I'm really proud of all you guys in this community. You guys did some amazing work, two hundred and thirty four thousand dollars that is gonna, actually save lives. Thank you. All man I mean seriously I'm, just so so cool to know that we can all come together and do this um I'm trying to find some other noteworthy ones. It's really insane too, because I remember you set the goal at a hundred thousand and I I was the doubter I was the hater. I was like all right, I mean it's a noble goal, but we'll see if we make it- and this audience just blew- that out of the water over double that it's insane well, I had I had I had like faith in the pooper troopers that we would raise a hundred I was like wow. We could get there because we had some amazing [ __ ], like Szechuan sauce, come on, but yeah that that actually blew it out. The water that was crazy, sign to vape 17,000, no way the guy, who won that donated $1. How [ __ ] cool is that I'm telling you one dollar man that she makes a huge difference: dude won a $17,000 signed, vape um Teddy, fresh hat 14,000 nice, five dollar donation. There was this stuff's not completely filled out. Oh yeah people, oh wow, there's a lot of calls. We got to do we're gonna! Do those the sweet guys everyone who did that where's, the Skippy one Skippy's okay, this I have to I have to tip my beanie, because last time we checked in Skippy's, bellybutton lint had only collected like 200 bucks and I'm like man. This is this: some [ __ ] kippis belly button lint collected 3000, $3 Skippy. You are a [ __ ] God, that collection of lint man, you race, $3,000 for charity. With that thing, a huge tip of the beanie to skip you for that I mean that is just a huge positive net goal, anonymous one that one with 420 bucks I. Hope you enjoy. That I hope you roll into a blunt nope. You smoke it for all of us. So again we're sending everything out. We're gonna do the messages for everyone. Thank you. Everyone again was a really wonderful experience. Doing all that, for you guys had a lot had a riot. It's a goddamn goddamn yeah, so you know I, guess that's about it! Right! I got some. You know it's about it. Let me see if there's a couple more callers I can take. There's one more caller I'll take one more here. We got one call from your by lorvis talk to me. How is your Jewish life growing up like? Did you have a Bar Mitzvah? Did you go to services like that everything? Oh good, good, good question there blorph is: are you a Jewish guy, uh yeah? What was your Jewish life like? Well, I went to Rosh Hashanah services. Yesterday, oh you went yes, see. I didn't even know is Rosh Hashanah, so I guess my shoe card is pretty much revoked at this point. I don't go to services on Shabbat, though wait so you're. Like you light yeah yeah your diet, your diet, Jill yeah I, do do you go to one of those temples where they like open up the back wall, so they can fit all the diet shoes in for that one day of the year, no I, don't think so. Oh you'll you'll fit when I was growing up. They're all diet Jews, where I come from and so like on. Friday they've got this one that everyone gathers in, but while on the holidays, they actually the back wall opens up and they can fit like another 300 or 500 people, because that's the only day of the year, although the Jews came yeah okay anyway, thanks for the question buddy appreciate you thank you for having me here. Yeah I mean like I. Come my family I think they're all atheists, even my grandparents are atheists or you know agnostic as to not trigger anybody, but I. Don't think, there's anything wrong with atheism. I think it's misunderstood. Atheism doesn't mean I know for a fact: there's no God, that's not what it means. It means. I have no reason to believe. There's a god is what it means: I don't have any evidence, it's not like I know for sure. There's no God, that's not what hate these it is, but I would consider myself more agnostic, which is just like it's very similar I'm, more like a agnostic atheist, which is like I, don't know, and I and I have no way to know, and so therefore, I don't care and I don't have an opinion and I don't and as I'm having an impact on my life, I mean God is really nothing more than a thought. Experiment really there's enough unknown things, but you want to call that God whatever anyway they're all my parents are big into like Jewish culture, I guess, because my grandparents grew up during a time when people were actually killing Jews right and so for them. It was important to to embrace that that identity and not and and not just let it let it fade away into nothingness. So for them it was important that we went to like Torah school I did I did have a Bar Mitzvah. The thing that they do is so [ __ ] bizarre. You know they send you to tourist school for like five years to learn to read Hebrew for your Bar Mitzvah. This is a strangest damp thing. They don't teach you what the words mean. They just teach you how to read it. It's absolutely bananas, and so when I go to Israel I, don't [ __ ] know any I know the alphabet and I know how to read it relatively okay, but I, don't know what I'm reading it says strange. The Saudis are Christ, so I'm, a Bar, Mitzvah, yeah I went to Torah school but, like you know it's very cultural with us and and and as I think it is with a lot of American or European Jews. Simply because that our aunts, our living ancestors, lived in a time when people were actively trying to exterminate them. So it's like, let's, let's embrace this in spite of those [ __ ] [, __ ]. That's why I say am I. Do right. You got to embrace it. Cuz [, __, ], [, __ ], the cuz [ __ ], the losers, who tried to essentially kill me in my family. They lost and I'm a Jew and I could stand before you and say I'm Jewish goddamnit and you were [ __, ] Nazi and you suck and you lost I. Think that's what the essence of it. You know the point of fighting a world war, millions of people dying. If I can't stand here, bill I'm, a [ __, ] Jew and [ __ ], you I'm just a dude on Miami monde, Gnostic atheist, but I'm also a Jew, because [ __, ], Nazis I think my family would probably back me up on that all right. Well, that was the Ethan. Without his carer episode was a little shaky start. I got a low fat dude I did alright. Yeah I was a little flustered in the beginning of like I. Had like my notes. It's like talk about talk about when you have to talk to a machine when you call for your insurance I'm like yeah, it feels like a bad comedy routine. You ever talk to you. Can you ever talk to a machine yikes? How about that got that airplane food yeah? Exactly what's the deal with Ovaltine? Am I right? It's not oval it's around its Jerry Seinfeld joke anyway. As always. Thank you guys for watching for supporting us for spending your Friday afternoon with us. H3 videos are imminent and I share. The frustration with you I want to be making HD videos too, but the podcast is is like just you know, it's the good thing about the Pug is that we can maintain it, and we can still be here with you guys good without that I would just I wouldn't be working on anything. So I can come in here and do the show well, I still so have all this other [ __ ], going on so to everyone bought a shirt on h3h3 shop. Comm bless your heart. It's the best way to support us directly. The shirts are shipping out now into everyone, who's been waiting patiently. Thank you. So much in the future, we're not going to do pre-orders we're just gonna. Have a month's talks. You're gonna! Get it immediately not like this time. We are gonna have some new items. Next week, man we've got this vapenation design. That is gonna freakin blow your socks off. It's so cool and a beanie. Finally we're making beanies. You know I've been trying to make beanie merch for so long, but it always comes out so dumb like every time we try to make a like, because we always had third parties who made our merch and the quality wasn't right. It was like super tight and thin, or it would just be like the h3 logo here and it just it looks so dumb and I'm like. If we make a beanie, we got to do it right, you know, I, don't want some broke-ass dollar store beanies. This is the beanie nation. So so that's it now, I! Guess, let's go see how outraged everybody is by what, by the first part, let's see everyone angry. No, it says why does everyone gotta be so angry? All the time I mean I was drunk and I was angry. Yeah I was angry. You know I was charged up, but people were so angry that I dared criticize. Let's not even talk about it, we covered it that shit's over just just you know what myself included. Let's all chill out, can you play us out with the gays felicitated by gazing, coming stand by? You know, listen I'm, saying don't get so angry myself included I'm talking to myself on that one. We're all just need to gaze at the the miracle of brazo. This is a man, a divine man in the body he has mortal flesh, but he's divine in. In essence, his gaze was brought down from Yahweh from Jesus from other gods. Dude I've been watching these brats of videos for a long time and until you pointed out that his eyes are like going in different directions today and they'll twitching to notice that the twitching can see. Do you know what I feel like I'm watching a loop I? Think he's not really there. Can you imagine this lazy, [, __ ] they destroy Yugi brazo he's like listen, I'm brought so I ain't got time to stand her for 30 minutes. I'll stand her for 5 minutes, 5 seconds, Lupin, [Music], um yeah, let's all just let's all just [ __ ] have a soda pop and chill out. Okay, I apologize, I'm, sorry to everyone. I offended with the drunken rant brats. Oh he forgives, although you're not looking at me. Why is he looking in the corner he's not even looking at the camera with the fun you got to pay for the brats Oh Plus addition where he actually looks at the camera like what anyway guys listen. I love you all of my foo per troopers and we will see you on is ela back. No, you is not back on Tuesday, so we got one more up so without EULA and then Friday Bradbury's on deck all right. Let me fin bradbury, so love y'all and see you next week.