Come one and all thank you for joining us today on the h3 podcast live, look who's back in the studio, your girl. Today's episode is sponsored by Dollar, Shave, Club, quip and honey I gotta say we have been slamming all day, we're a little bit late. Only four minutes, but I was thinking. I was like man, we used to be like an hour late and we also didn't even prepare like we've been here since 8:00 a.m. I, like I, say I'm, proud of all the guys. Back there we've been slamming and jam I know: we've had all kinds of weird beginnings before on YouTube. How do we stick it? How did we do? Yeah? We've been really trying, sir YouTube's a different game. Man, you get it right. You get one shot so Dan how'd. We do well, it felt good out here. I, don't hear you and the wood everything said shits hit in the Flint. Okay, there yeah we're all good I will have to go back and check. It felt pretty good, though timing felt good on y'all good. We will have to all right. What's today's show, we've got a slammin hot one, you guys. Let me tell you what's coming up in the intern, whose birthday it is today. Congratulations to him has put together a PowerPoint presentation for us on the Drake verse push a tee drama. There's been some real ugly back-and-forth between the two of those freestyle battle. That's reminiscent of the good old 90s when rappers would just were straight-up killing each other. So let's hope that it doesn't escalate there, but the fireworks are setting off and Ian is really he's the keeper of culture and knowledge and he's gonna come in he's gonna tell us really what's going on because break down the lyrics, hopefully as well. What makes him the keeper of culture well he's a young man and he's basically he's weirdly obsessed with Kanye, and sometimes he he concerns me. He concerns me to some degree. For example, yesterday he's on the freeway he pops a flat tire. He rolls over to the side of the 101 freeway, probably one of the most dangerous places to be in the world. There's there's there's side of the 101 and running the bolts number two. He pulls over and he's like I know. I should call triple-a to come change. My tire but I'm I have to watch this Kanye stream because he was streaming his new album, so he's sitting there watching this Kanye livestream cuz he's so into it. While cars zip past him on the one-on-one yeah, so he's he's he's in deep. That would get you qualified for the keeper of culture. Yeah he's the keeper of culture like an important detail. Here's to ya the livestream for about two hours was just a open field with horses so that that's what kept him on the side you know. Are you on the mic, yeah yeah! So tell me when you were on the side of the 101, we did anything danger. Did you ever feel that you were in danger at that point? It didn't really matter, because the stream was up right there and and and as nothing happened in the stream. Did you find yourself more more frustrated and confronted with the you know, actuality that you were gonna have to call triple-a and possibly miss something once that started to come into play, I did get a little worried, but my battery looked good. So I was okay. What I tell you is this guy qualified or won so he's coming in he's gonna? Let us know, what's going on up after that, we've got Kyle the cougar champ and Skippy the virgin. We got these two great minds on the phone together. These two guys are the founding members of our great minds league the league of extraordinary minds, and we got him on the phone together to see how they interact. Cuz I thought, hey, you know, Kyle he's a cougar champ he's seen the ropes he's been there he's done this. Maybe he can give Skippy some advice, yeah well, yeah, fireworks, flew I, have to say: I did not expect what happened because they ended up actually getting in a bit of a fight. Yeah Skippy got super angry at Kyle, so that was that was really something. So we're actually recorded that this morning, because I always have all these technical difficulties when I have calls and I wanted to make sure. When you have two beautiful minds like this, you want to make sure that everyone, every word is hurt right. It's that important, so I cannot wait to share that with you guys and finally, we've got a new segment called Ethan. Go to your room where I face the music I've said: look when you're on a podcast, you say a lot of dumb [ __ ], that's kind of the nature of the beast I'm sitting here, with an open mic for two hours. Okay, so I've said a lot of dumb [ __ ] here and a lot of the stuff that we should I I'm, not even throw you I should correct the record. Okay, so Ethan go I, just don't say anything so, which is I wish I had that option not much to correct yeah, you're smart, so that's coming up, and not only that we've got voice messages and news, and so much more to get to my guys. So what that being said, let's get right to flip into it. Now today we were supposed to have Tommy Weis, oh and Greg Sestero on, but once again, Tommy Wiseau is probably the most challenging guest ever to book of all time. I didn't want to say anything the first time because I was trying to keep a professional, you know, but he literally we had him booked and that the it was the morning of or the evening of I was like I had a bad feeling. I was like I get the feeling Tommy's not coming, and you know in that week, I prepared so much for him. I was like I was knee-deep and all this Tommy wise, oh listen. You can only watch so much Tommy wise, oh and I had watched a lot of Tommy wise. Oh that's me yeah. So that morning I was like Danny I got a feeling, man I, don't know, can you just reach out to them and make sure they're coming so Dan reaches out them in the morning up and they're like? Oh yes, sorry Tommy is really busy he's not gonna make it so. I was gonna, be polite and be like a scheduling issues, but this time it happened again, I'm not exactly this time right. It kind of happened again, and this time was a little stranger but they're I, don't know you couldn't make it in well, the only time they could make. It was right when I was coming off the plane. Basically, but we call it and we emailed and everything he's got this receptionist at a yahoo.com email. That apparently says receptionist, but I have a feeling. It's just him. Was that your impression, damn that we were just talking about yeah yeah, we were skeptical right from the get-go it. The the at Yahoo just seemed suspect from the beginning, I, don't so, where we'll get him in here eventually, but so anyway, he's really uh he's we all considering doing it, but it was so tight with my flight that I don't think it would have worked. No, it wouldn't work yeah anyway, god bless tom. Thank you. Thank you. I wish you were here to it, so we could expand on it, but hopefully soon looking guy dougie yeah, we can get them in here and get the true real story of Tom and wise Oh Eva. How was your trip you just got back on Tuesday mm-hmm, it's weird! Every time, I go back, I guess I get more used to the states, the longer I'm here you know every time I go back. It gets weirder and weirder for me right Mike! Oh, you realize how loud everyone is. Oh yeah I think everyone is yelling all the time. I don't want their Israeli stereotypes or real, like the stereotype. Is that they're, these bald shouting Hermes rocky? You know everyone's doing this. You go there yeah, it's real! It's real man! I! Remember the last time we were there. This is such an Israeli experience. We took a taxi I'm, Tel, Aviv de les parents house. Why? Don't you tell me where you were speaking Hebrew with him? I was I was like I need to go to this address my parents house, and it's like it's near a famous Junction. So I was like near this Junction, but I'll tell you how to get there when we get there, because no one knows the exact address right. They don't really put ways, not all do not all the drivers. It's like old school, her old school. You also can't pay with card um, which is like I got used to it. Here they beat their kids in Israel, their old school. They don't do that subdue sound, but so anyway, we get to that Junction and then he's like he's about to continue straight when you need to make a left and I'm like you, gotta go left here and he he just refused he's like no I'm going straight here. This is not what you told me just make a left. It's like we're two minutes away and you wouldn't do it and then we just I, don't I, don't even remember any system. We we had that it was on the meter which what I didn't understand right, you're, paying him. We weren't not trying to scam him. He picked this out. Basically on the side of the freeway. It was a super. It's busy junction. We basically got kicked out because it's got refused to drive another five minutes dealers house and then and then it was like putting on the you know the receipt like here's, what I'm, what I'm gonna charge you you know when they like close it and prints the receipt and I was like I'm, not paying you you're, not thinking me what I need to go: yeah yeah that was being Israeli. You guys seen it she's shouting in Hebrew. He's shouting in Hebrew is all this going on. Can you shout at Hebrew say stood me favorite, say I'm, not I'm, not [, __ ], paying. You say that in Hebrew I, don't I, don't curse in here, I'm, not paying. You say that in Hebrew and you'll always showdown at likhaan, that's good, but too happy yeah. We got off at the junction and then I had to call my dad and he came and pick this out yeah. But that's that's just one little thing that would happen to you. That's typical yeah, that's Israel, but one thing that did happen that is worth talking about. Is that elos brand-new wack book air I? Don't think you're gonna correct me now that you drop $3,400 on stopped working it. It wouldn't charge yeah I, don't know why I plugged it in left for the whole day. I was like I'm gonna come back here to be fully charged, and then it was dead. I just found the total area. You know, I'm, sorry, when you sped a converter, yeah I I, don't know what happened. It was supposed to work, yeah I know and you spent $3,400 it's gotta work. It's only been like a month. Yeah I gotta say that my razor laptop that costs $1,000 less, has been kicking butt, yeah cuz once I you can take it to Israel. So what there's? Just something in the air there get yelled at by too many Israelis stops working, but the razor laptop is really slammin. I got to say: 2000-3000 I've been loving. I set this up at my TV in our bedroom, I plug in a wireless keyboard, a mouse and I game. Pc games on my TV with this baby and it crushes I, don't know what to tell you I well, I need to go through the whack folks tour yeah too good I'm. This is not my charger right now, still don't have a charger, but actually I think we have a whoa. We have a call in from somebody from Apple you're calling in right now that the more they actually wanted to talk to you about what happened to your computer ill. Oh, okay, oh hello! Yes, hello, hey! Is this someone from Apple? This is Apple. Yes, how are you I'm? Fine we've just have been having this issue with ILA's laptop, and it just doesn't seem right that that you know this piece would break for three four hundred dollars. Oh I'm! Sorry that you don't know how to use it. I'm sure I can assist you with that. Did you take it anywhere? Did you take it somewhere? Yellow, yes, I took it to Israel. Okay Israel did any Israelis yell around it? No are you sure, because this I mean it's Israel, Who am I speaking to oh, this is Ringo Ringo. Why does it sound like you're in heaven? What is this angelic music I'm at the Genius Bar? Oh, the Genius, Bar, okay, okay, this is just how it sounds. So what do we do? How do we fix this? Well, first of all, you're gonna have to become certified to use an Apple charger. We offer a program, though, would you like to get signed up for it? It's a. How do I fix it? I just want to fix this piece. What you you want to fix it. We don't fix things at Apple. Okay, all right! All right, I, hang up on this on this kalam that was Apple apparently called into the show and go well unbelievable. Did they just pile it in like that? Little shocking is that your personal number, yeah I, just I'm dialed in you, know we're on tight. All right. We've got I saw this video. This is so good Ryan, Seacrest, Ryan Seacrest. He seems like such a wholesome guy right. Yeah he's not well right, I, don't know if we can well well here's here's the clip- and this is just so good I- actually thought he was gay. I almost didn't even have a doubt about it, but on what is the show American Idol or what was it well sooner? They show top. One of these talent shows whatever they're all the same I, don't know how they [ __ ] up this bed. He doesn't know that they came back and he's flirting with Katy Perry like in a really creepy way, and it just blows my mind that a show this big could blunder. Like they didn't know. They were bad. Well just go ahead and play it then I think we're back I've seen I've seen people saying you know they thought. Maybe it was a bit, but there's a moment when he looked crazy. I doesn't he's right and you're like that's real. He says to her. He says your mom's hot yeah and then he and then he says, you're, not a mom. Yet do you want to talk about it? It's weird, but it's so beautiful that this was captured. Why Ryan Seacrest create like bro? This is not the time or place even like. If is this a me to a moment? Is this a subtle me to a moment to have the balls to creep on her that blatantly here right? Where there are locations about him to me to stuff I, think there was something about a hairdresser I, don't remember what the allegations were, but yeah you want to talk about it. I love that are you mom? Let's talk about it, hey, hey I am I'm gonna, see you to see that again, Dan there you go rod the mom's pretty. Is this the conversations that take place off I [Laughter] think we're back? Yes, that is so weird like you know, this is like I'm. The biggest production in the world makes me feel a bit a bit better about what we're doing here. You want to talk about it. It's so awkward. So so saddling me to a moment. Well, I have to say a very subtle one. I have to I kind of agree, because I have to say to have the balls to talk like that. -, not only anyone but Katy Perry like the biggest most famous powerful woman in Hollywood, but also of other dudes. It's hey! You want to talk about it, damn what happened his face. His face looks kind of, looks like there were. You were right, his there's a. What do we got stylists that has accused television host of multiple instance of sexual harassment abuse over seven years as she worked for him. Well, if you worked for him for seven years, it's almost kind of hard to be like take those very seriously I had I was so miserable for seven years. My off the mark, you quit right after seven [ __ ] years of being sexually her, maybe a year, maybe two years, seven, that's high school and college. It's hard to do better as a stylist than ryan seacrest, though right I mean that's, that's a hard gig to walk away from it's. Probably good money. Well, I, don't know what she accused him off. What do we got here? Just making comments like that? You want to talk about it, yeah, hey, look what you do with my hair, see you're, not a mom, yet you want to talk about it. What can I do? Can I help you become a mom, see. It says, right secrets: groped, her vagina rubbed his erect penis against her, while clad only in his underwear and slapped her buttocks so hard that it left a large welt still visible hours later, I'd say after seeing that I believe it. Oh, my god, I believe it after I saw that that was like a really creepy. Weird thing: you want to talk about it, your mom's hot, your mom's hot, can I rub my boner on you. You want to talk about making a baby kind of interesting, but but if I'm, Ryan, Seacrest I, wouldn't even like you know that it's a hard cut back to live television, I, wouldn't even [ __ ] blink if you're gonna be creepy weirdo. Who would like you know after the show, yeah I wonder if she's so like protected that he almost doesn't even have access to her he's like [ __ ]. This is my only tonight to make a pass on Katy Perry in between uh in the commercials yeah. Also it takes a lot of I, mean I, know you're, Ryan, Seacrest and you're you're kind of a big deal, but come on dawg you're, not you're, not Katy, Perry material, right, no I I. Don't think he has a chance with her he's got a [ __ ] chance, but maybe just you know he can help her be a mom and nothing more yeah. You could help me be a mom. Let's talk about that a little bit later, if you want to put your dick in me and then I'm pregnant me, nice all right, you've been on this long enough, but I just thought that was real. Uh I thought it was an interesting glimpse inside yeah find the camera right, I believe it god. We've been talking about Ian a lot, but Ian was actually banned from the Kanye subreddit dan was telling me that and I just I get worried about that boy. I feel like I'm caring for him. I feel like is in my custody and I. Just I get worried about him. Sorry, yes, you were banned from posting, how the I don't think it wasn't the subreddit right. Oh yeah, I was like here your mics open, go ahead. No, it's the main Kanye fan site. It's called Kanye to the calm Kanye to the calm and you've been basically thrown out of this community in yeah. They got me out of there pretty quick. Why are you come in here? Come in here we were goes we're gonna get into the Drake Pusha T thing, but let's, let's get your ass in here we got a lot to talk about I'm, worried about you and you're you're. It you're in too deep you're pulling over on the side of the road to watch Khan you're getting banned from Kanye. Why were you banned from a Kanye forum to not go too much into it? I posted a leak to an unreleased song mm-hmm, and that is not in the rules. Did you know it wasn't in the rules when you posted it? Yes, so why did you do it to seem like I was in the know there is their street cred and in these forms that you're trying to impress other people they're in the digital streets right and it and was there talk about you being banned? Are you big contributor to this forum? I thought I was, but they forgot me pretty. Clearly nobody cared about your ass disappearing. Interesting did you? Have you made any please to get unbanned with them? I have tried, yes, no response well see they banned my IP address and so I tried to make an account under a different IP and somehow they knew and they banned me again. Well, they're serious about it. Now, when you, when you knowingly broke the rules, did you expect that just had enough street cred that you could go into the radar yeah I was like I'm I'm, big dog, you know what was your user name on their forum? I can't say that oh really I can't reveal it really I'll meet him. No, no I can't I can't. Why not that it's bad, but it all still exists there and all the Pug you wanna dig in like I. Don't care about your post history I'm just curious what you're you may not, but who knows I can't have these. Can you get me out all right, fair enough, fair enough! I don't want people to know you could be like banned from a fan. Sighs! Oh yeah, I! Don't even well Ian! You take things too far, quite clearly yeah they went we like fans, but you're a little too near too much of a fan. Let me ask: how did you feel when you, when you realize you were banned? I went no I'll get back on. Thank you. They need me. They can't ban me yeah I'm valuable to this community right. No, are you looking for, like other artists, no stupid to be joining their friend yeah? No one has no one really is doing it for me, I'm not getting that interesting alienated now. Do you feel like you, don't have any place to belong now that you've been banned, no I'm, just floating around I tried read, it doesn't cut it. Kanye subreddits too lightweight not far enough. What's interesting, Kanye fact you could share with us the deepest seediest weirdest one, the weirdest one uh. He spent two years in China as a toddler live guy. That's a weird one: I am I'm, knocking someone won't take that away from. You definitely hit me on that one. By the way we made a stinger for Ian dan. Can you leave and come back in, come back in? Would you please we have we had hot dad put together all stinger claw, don't pretend close the door come back in all right. Go ahead! Everybody now [Music] [Applause], very good, very nice. By the way, I'm announcing anybody out there who's up for the challenge. I want to make an e in the interne song competition. So if you have any, if you want to take a stab at it and give your submissions send them on over to Dan dan, what is it? What's the email podcast at HP productions.com. Do it okay, sinew product I want stingers I want full remakes I want to hear everything. You've got and we'll go over all the top submissions. So ian has put together. Basically you know what we should take a quick break where it's about that time, so we're gonna, take a look right when we come back. Ian is going to give us a presentation on Jake verse, Pusha, T, all the drama and all the juice that is transpired, I'm looking forward to it better, not be boring. I'll try my best all right, I'm, counting on you, we're gonna need all the help we can get here today. Don't go away, we'll be right. Back Dollar, Shave Club delivers everything you need to look feel and smell your very best. You name it shampoo, conditioner body, wash toothpaste, hair gel, even a wipe that will leave your tush feeling tingly clean, which is the perfect adjective to describe my anus tingly I'm, a big fan of their amber, amber and lavender calming body wash I got to tell you it's masculine, but it smells good. People will give you a sniff and they'll say: yes, it smells flowery and lavender, but it's still masculine right and I know you know what I mean helos she cuddles up to me. Sometimes she smells me. I'm, like this, come on no I'm, never that that lavender that amber Mike all right dude give me some space for chrissake crowding me. It's that good all of dollar shapes clubs. Products are made from top-shelf ingredients that won't break your budget. You'll feel the difference. Plus shipping is included with your membership and here's a great way to try a bunch of Dollar Shave Club products for just 5 bucks. You can get their daily essential, starter set. It comes with body cleanser, one wipe Charlies their amazing tingly inducing butt wipes, they're, world-famous shave, butter and their best razors. You know, and even the love it, the six blade executive, weighty meaty, handle them, make your face. Tingle you'd be tingling all over boy. How about this? Your anus isn't the only place you'll be tingling good pitch for Dollar Shave Club, keep the blades coming for a few bucks more a month and add in shampoo toothpaste or anything else. You need for the bathroom check it all out at dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3! Thank you guys so much for supporting our sponsor. Thank you. Dollar Shave Club. Let's get right back into it, shall we [Music] [Music] [Applause]? Thank you guys for sticking around we're back. First of all, before we get into this in, it is your birthday and how old are you today 24? Well, yes, you know we're very. We are worried about you. You have some strange habits. We love you you we appreciate you, you do good work and we want us to show a gesture and take care of you. Can you look under your seat? Please. I have repeatedly said that I am Oprah and as an Oprah does you know that I always come bearing gifts. I thought you were drinking me nope, no Joe, read it! Okay, read it read. What's on the front, it says happy birthday in the intern, from the entire age, three gang open it up he's opening the envelope. I've always wanted to go ahead. Come on, describe what's, okay, happy birthday from the same thing. Actually, alright, really drill it in only use on salmon burritos. What is it a 50 dollar Sharky's car 50 dollar shark is gift card. You you think that I'm gonna, let that go you're dead, wrong. I swear to God if I I'm in cooked in with Sharky's and I'm gonna check that gift card on a daily basis. Nice thing you bought anything, that's a member, he does well no I I just finished using the other one and I was like I'm free, oh I'm out, you have to use all three I got a couple shared it a little bit, 50 bucks. Well, thank you. I should have got a thousand just never-ending Simon, forever. Happy birthday. Thank you enjoy that enjoy that okay, you have put together a presentation for us in yeah. Take us away all right. So, as most of you know, push it T, verse, Drake, yep, Clash of the Titans here is push it to you. Titan he's a Titan in in my eyes: okay, okay, but he is then here's a Titan, yeah, okay, alright! So, to understand this conflict, we must go back. Okay mm - wow! This has been brewing a while now Jesus Christ hold on hold you. This was comprehensive. This is, this is possibly more than I bargained for here, a simpler time. The rapper Birdman aka baby aka, the number one stunner releases, his debut album. It features Pusha T on the Pharrell produced track. What happened to that boy? It is a jam I'd say so it's a great song, but these happy times are not here to stay. You wrote it's a jam. I wrote. It said you don't like to assign it to Jane. Okay, because you're like it's a jam I'd say so it's a really good song. What the PowerPoint says. It's a jam, so I agree with make sure that you wrote that cuz it was in 2006. Disaster strikes right, rap, superstar and Birdman protege little Wayne is photographed for the cover of vibe magazine wearing Bape clothing. Really. Is that a problem? Can you imagine the nerve of this man? Well, what's the issue? Well, the issue is next slide. Slide then push it. T is known for often wearing babe clothing alongside Pharrell. He believes that mr. Wayne is stealing his style. Rancic cold. Give me a freakin break. It's tough out here there he is there. He is upset that little wheezy is wearing bait. Yes, I bet, you I know who's, not upset he's wearing babe who babe? Oh definitely, not. So then push it. T responds on the sister Reader's Digest version of this I mean if you wanna sip through it, there's just not too much a couple. Slides thirty fourteen and you know: okay, so anyways, there's some beef. Pusher attacks am still in my style. Lil Wayne says who the [ __ ] is Pharrell. Do you really respect him? He wore babe and y'all thought he was weird I wore it and you thought it was hot. So he's calling him out. Pusha, T and Lil Wayne are having some struggle. Okay, he's looking sad here. Oh I was like very careful laser pointer. This thing is actually illegal to possess. It's so powerful. There are casualties in these beefs Wow would have expected. It was nice first one down, so things seem to quiet down for a bit. You know everyone seemed to be like it's cool. Do you still have vision? Are you okay, I'm seeing I'm not gonna lie I'm, seeing I'm, seeing a green dot. Yeah I'm seeing a dot but go ahead. Don't don't let me interrupt you mhm! Okay, push! The t drops Exodus 23:1 the diss track that shakes things up. He attacks lil wayne, birdman he's upset things are looking dicey, not what caused this over the babe situation. Oh I thought it cooled down. It cooled down for a bit and then he came back a little late. I have to say he. So let me get this straight push. It too was upset that they were wearing babe. Yeah I have to say point against your boy pushup, because that's some petty ass [ __ ]. It is but then little Wayne in that interview says you know. Who is he I, don't give a [ __ ] about him right now, he's he's not me and that, and that did make it worse, but I mean okay, so push it to you touch the air, that's his catchphrase. Can you get a sample of that? Do we have if I can track down that I'm sure you can get a couple X, okay, so Birdman and Lil Wayne are on Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records mm-hmm, the next slide down real, quick Drake is signed to both Young Money and cash money. Oh, those are his guys didn't take very long for Lil Wayne to respond in the next one. It's a very small text. There you go [ __, ], Pusha T, and anybody that loved them Lil Wayne, is not happy. Lil Wayne has a lot of weight in his words right like how do people respond to this tweet? This is from 2012. We are really going way back. Yeah, mu, I have to say I, even underestimated you knowing that you're, the keeper of culture and knowledge you've going back to 2012 on my ass impressed. There's a lot there's a lot to him. Did you have to do Rio just since last night? Yes, did he put this together in like an hour off the top of that? Well, actually, I kinda have slideshows just for me. I, don't get any scenario so Lil, Wayne and Drake are really close. Lil Wayne's pissed off Drake is mad. He wants to defend his mentor. Who is Lil Wayne? You could skip it. You say no, it's just some just some information, some stuff I'm, just as famous as my mentor, but that's still the boss, don't get. What is what is that we don't need to read all this. This is Drake kind of sending the little shots and kind of his 2012 song I'm. As famous as my mentor he's talking about Lil Wayne. That's still the boss get hype on tracks and jump in front of the bullet. You weren't meant for so he's kind of going push. It t leave Lil Wayne alone. You don't want to mess with me right right right. So then things cool off until 2015, fast forward, 2014, jumping up Meek, Mill I, won't use the laser pointer. I almost don't know, I found it I stole it. Did you find it on the Kanye fan site? No I can't go back there go back now. Let me tell anyone ask when you go to the website. Is it just straight blocked out or you can't or doesn't allow you to log in? Can you view other people can't view it yeah they let you give a taste. Have you tried a VPN yes and they found out. Yeah is [ __ ]. If I could make like a plea, will you guys? Let me back now: are you kidding or is it really that important to you well, I mean it's like album time. There's a lot of discussion I can't get in on, but you can read it, but you can't participate. Is that really a big deal for you? I've got the insights. I've got right stuff to say: I've got power points right. How many and I want to know specifically how many hours a week do you spend on that website before you were banned? I, don't know if I want to think about that information? It's it's a lot. It's a lot. I gotta, say you're, interesting, you're, an enigma. You know, I, don't know, I mean I'm mesmerized by that guy. So I might know a lot about him. But anyways I want to know what your form name. Something interesting: is it something that would make me a lot? No, it's just some random, so yeah just random! Okay, would you tell me if it was okay, all right? Let's go okay, so Meek Mill comes in. You guys may have heard of this back in the day. Meek Mill tweets this out. Stop comparing Drake to me. He don't write his own raps ouch. That's why he ain't tweet my album, because we found out Wow big shots fired. He exposes Drake says he uses ghost writers can I point something out. Yeah I find interesting more retweets than likes. I find that to be bizarre. That was also the case. With a little Wayne tweet. There was more retweets. How do you explain that that, to me says BOTS, if I'm being honest, because who-who would retweet this and not like it I find that very bizarre. More people would like then not retweet. Then retweet am I wrong, I I think so. Unless there's people who are trying to like stir the pot as well I'm, just gonna, so maybe they're, like maybe they're supporters of Drake and they're like I, want everyone to see this idiot yeah I, don't like ya, interesting I want to make sure controversial. Therefore, more retweets could possibly be justified. Mm-Hmm, interesting, okay, so Meek Mill accuses Drake offending Ghost Rider by the name of Quinton Miller on this 2015 track. Reco and now, can you tell me the backstory on ghost writing- that's frowned upon in the hip-hop world yeah. Why is that? Which is strange because most most musicians use writers, I'm sure, but for some reason, hip-hop kind of has this thing where that is very, very frowned upon right, but they all still do it. You think that a lot of I feel like they all do well, I think I, don't know I've heard stories of like you go into Dre's office, so you go to Kendrick or some big boy calls you in and they make you cut right there lyrics in front of you on the spot, so they know that it wasn't ghost written by somebody. I think part of it if I'm understand it. Correct me if I'm wrong as the keeper of quoting your knowledge, is that it's poetry, it's personal, it's your own expressive art, and so it is a little elitist I have to say when you're, making music but I suppose that's where it comes from right, yeah and also in a world where they're all like I'm better than you, you can't really say oh I'm, better than you when other people are making it for you right. Maybe that's something do with it. That's the thing no one's really going like who are the top five pop artists, but it's always the debate of who's. The best rappers there so yeah they like that person personality just shining through. So it's very frowned upon yeah. Next, so through a whirlwind of memes and the release of the grammy-nominated diss track back to back meek was defeated by the almighty Drake. He was you just crowned him. Victor yeah, everyone kind of did whirlwind of memes and releases, so I do have more detail. I'm Michael I think Drake kind of won that beef because of the memes. He had the power of me. It's like High Noon, so the people won that battle firm I think. Are you participating in that battle? No I was a spy standard. You are a bystander. Yes were you interested at the time vaguely yeah I was interest. You weren't on forums or anything like that. I was around okay, but I was Kanye's, not evil. Kanye's, yes, he's in this new one, so I'm very sure, but no and then the song was good. The diss song he released against Meek Mill was very good. However, Pandora's box had been opened regarding the ghost riding allegations. Pusha t did not forget sure. So what yeah you think? It's already been stained on his name cut to 2016 right, Pusha, T releases, the song hgtv freestyle, with the following lyrics. It's too far gone when the real estate real and next with each of these lines did the slide. Drake has a project called so far gone Wow I, walk amongst the clouds, so your ceilings ain't real that they think. That's reference to Drake's interesting, album. Nothing was the same, these blank and words Call of Duty cuz, their killings, ain't real with the questionable pen, so the feeling a real, so people think he's pretty obviously calling out. What's your opinion when you sing Kanye songs, do you say that and word when you're at you're by yourself at home? No definitely not what do you? What? How do you not skip it, or do you say, and how do you approach this when you're singing by yourself in the shower? What do you say I take a moment to pause and reflect seriously? What do you do? It's such a dicey thing I mean you're in the shower by yourself: there's, not even anybody home you're singing the lyrics to a Kanye song that you love. You know every word. What do you do when the ad word comes up, see? That's the thing is because everyone says it that you say everyone say it because it's like you get it. You have a cadence, let it be known, I agree by the way, you're singing you're by yourself. What can you do you get in passion, I'm, just curious, I'm. Glad thank you for being on to you not me. No, no, no, never know all right, [Laughter] next slide. Damn please, let's get. Let's just drop the crying Drake. So two weeks later, Drake replies on his song two birds, one stone questioning the legitimacy of Pusha T's drug-dealing past Pusha T is always rapping about how he sells cocaine. Okay, that's his thing: Drake is yeah, he's not happy about the disses thrown his way. The accusations, yeah he's he's getting kind of annoyed of everyone saying he writes. Are we milking this? Is this going to long I'm, actually interested I'm intrigued? You guys everybody stopped watching by now, I'm, actually in deep play, the stinger play the sting [Music] [Applause]. Thank you. Thank you. Drake replies! Really, it's you with the drug stories. That's got a stop, though. You made a couple of chops. Now you think your chapo mmm, you ask me, though you ain't lining the trunk with kilos. You bagging weed watching Pacino, with all your words and words like this is what we need to be on, but you never went live you're a middle man in this you're, not one of those guys Wow. So he's saying all of this does not hard yeah. Everything you rap about is is fake sure. He also attacks Kid Cudi on the song, who also brought up his ghost writing allegations on Twitter, okay, so so Drake is attacking Pusha T for being affiliated with Kid Cudi who's been alleged to have to have ghost riders as well. No Kid Cudi called out Drake for having ghost riders Oh everybody's piling on Trey yeah and Pusha T and Kid Cudi are close, they're interesting, so Drake kind of goes. You were the man on the moon, now you're, going through your phases, you stays and and perked up. So when reality sets in, you don't have to face it. Look what happens soon, as you talk to me crazy. Is you crazy? That's it that's a strong! Those are those are pretty strong words to accuse a man of being a drug addict, and that's right before that. With the next slide, Dan Cudi had recently checked into a rehabilitation clinic for substance, abuse and suicidal tendencies. Pretty mean spirited. Now was his words before after the check in I think it was after okay. So that's so that's putting salt in the wound. Yeah Cuddy is in a rehab at the time and he tweeted this at Drake say it to my face: [ __ ], you think it's a game. I want to see. You say it to my face: I'll be out soon: whoa, that's I, didn't real okay! This is interesting. Now this is actually heating up quite a bit. It goes eating slides in. Let me ask you: what kind of guy do you think Drake is? Do you think that he's misunderstood, because this is what this is mean and I see? Cuddy is taking it really very personal. Well, that was the thing at which I wanted to include this, because so many people are going is getting attacked too hard right now and I'm like he had it coming kind of. If you go back a little, he called out kid cudi who couldn't respond. He was in a rehab clinic at foreign or suicidal tendencies about things you know and earnest understanding. At that point, yeah and in his lines he's like you talked to me crazy. Are you crazy, right and and people kind of cold on my first reaction to the Pusha T? This was that, while maybe he went too hard ya know, maybe was one of my reactions, but this is the whole context. Is fascinating. Yes, proceed yeah! So after this Pusha T drops a bombshell Daytona the 7 track coke rap homerun album of the Year contender. Well, was it a cat? Well, we know that the year is over so album of the year. Is you know this came out last week we did. There was a quiet period. Yes, yes, every since the infamous picture. So this just happened. Yes, album of the Year contender, I think so, yes, in contention with Kanye's, yeah, yeah I think who's edging out right now, I mean I, haven't heard Kanye's album enough. Okay, look at continue so on this. This is what really got it kicked off. There's a track on. There called infrared where Pusha T says it was written like nas, but it came from Quinton his infamous ghost writer Quinton Miller. Do we know who Quentin Miller is yeah, he's a rapper from Toronto and he wrecks hometown yeah and he helped write a couple of Drake's songs from his 2015 album and then, after all, this came out. He kind of disappeared, Drake dumped him real, quick after this, you think Drake dumped him mm-hmm, but you, but allegedly he has more ghostwriter swooping in and helping him out. Yeah I think people kind of think that in this case well the accusation that is from Quentin Dennis is black as blamele false. Well, it's just that he's bringing back because Quentin's the only he's the most known name. So it's just saying you had a ghostwriter yeah got it yeah exactly so this was no more subliminal shots. This was a blatant swing at the champagne poppy six God himself right, Trey push I, also used the try to further attack Birdman and Lil Wayne. He calls them out by name in this song who Drake is you know very close with sure. So the game was afoot. The game was afoot and we're getting close, we're almost all caught up. This is exciting stuff. You guys are the numbers still going up. Okay, yeah we're almost lost. No longer yours is everyone invaded. Is everybody in bated breath go ahead in less than 24 hours after this song comes out, Drake fires back on the song, Duffy freestyle? What's the significance of dubby dubby? Is it means ghost and I think like patois I, think what's patois, it's a ghost! It's like a slang term for a slang term for ghost. So what is the significance he's saying? He's a noob like saying I'm, making you into a ghost okay, you're, good, okay, interesting yeah, interesting. So he releases this. He attacks bush at E. He wrote lobs projectiles, he loves projectile yeah. He says so. If you rebuke me for working with someone else on a couple of verses, what do you really think of the blank? That's making your beats? I've done. N word: yeah I've done things for him. I thought he never would need father had to stretch his hands out and get it for me. I pop stop for 30 hours. Then let him repeat so he's saying he wrote for Kanye, which he did. He wrote lyrics for coming West, so there was a tweet there, a crow for Kanye yeah interest and Kanye's push to tease boss. So he's essentially go it's the difference between writing for someone, but in ghost writing goes right. Well, that's the thing is Kanye clearly acknowledged. He tweeted saying I want to thank my brother Drizzy for helping me on 30 hours and father stretch my hands. Those are the songs. We're ghost writing. Is you don't tell anyone because you take the credit yeah so in the rap world? Is it okay? If you acknowledge people, it's [, __ ] up when you don't acknowledge and you act as if it's your own work, yeah I mean the distinction. Even if you have writers, though people still kind of looked down on that a little bit. So just did someone like Kanye get B for a tweet like this. No because, because he's like a producer as well, he produces a lot and he's kind of the same as dr. Dre Dr Dre has a lot of writers as well, okay, but he he does a lot of production, sure so people kind of forgive it he's a jack-of-all-trades yeah. So when you do that, they're kind of okay well he's got a lot on his hands, yeah interesting. So so that happens, though, this is a little more aspect of the drama that Kanye who's on the other side of Drake now was once thinking trick for his input. Mm-Hm and Drake is using that against Pusha T yeah, because Drake also in this song, mentions that he just was in Wyoming like a few weeks ago. Writing for Kanye interest for his new album, which came out today, Wow, so he's kind of pissed off because he's like I keep helping you guys and your your guys are just attacking me all the time so he's getting kind of fed I can tell it's boiling up. This is not. This is not jokes. This is not like them just playing around. This seems to be real beef that these guys actually really hate each other. If I had to guess yeah yeah, so it's pretty much and then with the next slide of some other lyrics leo. You know it's gonna be a cruel summer for you, I told Wayne and Birdman I'll I'm not done him, for you can I ask you. You have, in parentheses, Wayne and Birdman, you've substituted out and noted it properly. Yeah, look seeing that correctly to bring it back to because I was mentioning them earlier because he kind of he says he's alluding to them, but you want to be clear, so yeah you've done us the favor of putting it in and properly annotating I. Just wanted know it to that yeah I hope I'll get good marks. At the end of all these very things, we got an invoice coming to you considering we just sold another 20 for you, so he sends them an invoice for promotional assistance and career reviving 100. Now e 100,000 is that a good deal kind of yeah? It's not a bad deal, yeah I! Think so and there's some other lines. He calls out his drug dealing again and go ahead. Read yeah I'm intrigued. Don't don't let's hear it, he says your brother said it was your cousin him than you. So you don't rap what you did you just rapped, what you knew got it Pusha T's brother was he's saying he was more involved in the business and he was watching God yeah and he's yeah. He just keeps saying you might have sold two college kids for Nike and Mercedes, but you act like you sold drugs for Escobar and the a that's pretty brutal yeah. So that's a good line. Yeah! That's a good line! It's a it's! A good song! So basically, what's happened. Is these guys were kind of flirting with each other, but suddenly you know and Pusha T's recent album. He took a more overt shot and, as you say, the game was afoot and that set Drake off and now the gloves are off and Jake is Drake is saying you know what [ __ ] this guy I'm, dedicating a song just to him. Yeah they've been going back and forth for like six years now. So this is it yeah so on the next one. Is it a coincidence that both of them are dropping albums? No I, don't think so. You think that there's some acknowledgment of each other and like hey this is good publicity for us yeah. They already know it's worth coming. His album comes out this month, okay, but they both putting albums out this month. Do you find that that's not going sit out? Do you think that they talked on the phone behind the scenes? I, don't think so. Some people think that I don't think it's as explicit at that, but I think they're kind of like okay. This is gonna help me a little bit. This isn't a bad, but the thing is when I heard Pusha T's that to me. Well, that's coming up, but what that felt to me was like these guys are not friends. They hate each other, yeah I think maybe Drake came into it with okay. This will be a good little boost like the last one. He got was being more playful yeah. Let's just he's like I'm gonna kill you yeah the last diss track. He got nominated for Grammy, for so I think he was like okay. This will just be some summer. Pearl, that's continued, so things are quiet for four days. People think it's a rap and Drake is one again that is until but I gotta say: Drake spent 24 hours. That's not a long time to build a craft, a song, yeah I. Have it ready to go well, people think the review copies went out like five or six days or so people think Drake had a copy. He was ready to go with it. Yeah oh wow cuz. He heard the diss song and everyone's going. Oh, he released a diss in 24 hours, that's, but he knew he had it because he's so now push the t took four days to prepare his, which is actually impressive. Yeah Drake doesn't really get credit for doing it in 24 hours well, I mean he's. He probably was still around like four or five days, four or five days. I think it was about the same time. Okay, so he drops this song the story of a deed. On this now we're up. Now we are fully up to date, yeah, and this is a picture that he dug up of Drake when he was younger in black in blackface and their significance to the clothing as well. Yeah he's wearing kind of this yeah, it's it's a it's from a clothing brand, that's supposed to be kind of like an artistic depiction, but just Blake blatantly seemed like this. It does look very offensive. Let me say this before we get deep into the story of ID doll when things really heat up, let's throw it to a quick commercial break and we'll be right back stay tuned. Y'all. You know the stories about Buddha are told wrong. The truth is he was enlightened once he used the quip electric toothbrush and only until then that's right. This isn't toothbrush that Buddha was reincarnated with and he took up to heaven. It's that great. Let me tell you, I'm obsessed with oral hygiene and I hate shopping for toothbrush Goods. It's too firm! It's too soft. It's all wrong! You get an electric toothbrush, it's good, it costs $200, and it's got a huge battery pack that fits in your garage. You have to charge it in your garage, not this. This is a clip electric toothbrush. It's incredible! If you push the button it vibrates brush brush brush, it goes for how long two minutes two minutes after one minute it pulsates and reminds you hate idiot brush the bottom. That part needs to be clean too, so you get a perfect clean brush. Just like your doctor, doctor recommends, or your mother there's a little voice inside here. It's your mom and your dentist. It says: hey switch it up and let you know when you're done. It's bristles are soft and perfect. It gives me a perfect clean every time. I love this toothbrush. I can't endorse it enough. The best part about this truth brush is that it just starts at 25. Bucks go to get quipped, calm, slash, h3, right freaking. Now, when you get your first refill pack, which is this top part here, it just pops off and every couple months you just put a new one on Bob's your uncle, you get that first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. Listen it's a game! Changer! It's really one of those perfect little inventions. That's so brilliant I'm, saying just give it a shot. You're, gonna love this thing: that's your first refill pack free at get quick, calm, slash, h3, spelled g ET q, UI p.com, slash h3, don't take it from me, give it a shot. Ela tell me about quick brush wants transcend into the afterlife and enlightenment. You're gonna die essentially I'm. That's a bad way to phrase it you're, not gonna, you're gonna think you die. How about that you get quit! Thank you for sponsoring us. God bless america, I'm close the door, hey we're back! I had to pee I had to run okay, real quick. We have a just a important update that happened during the break. There I received an email from a moderator of the Kanye fan site who is offering to unban in controlling I, don't know, but some of it some proof uh. Well, he no, he didn't offer any proof, but there's no, what you are hoping for yeah. Okay, let me ask this: would you know his username if he said it? Do you know them what all the moderators username? No I don't think okay I mean well if you're still listening, moderator I saw your email email again with some proofing yeah, let's get going, but wouldn't that be a wonderful birthday gift here, I'll be great all right. Where were we the story of a d-don't, so we've got Drake and black face to explain, explain the significance, how he's a black man, so what so I mean what's going on here, yeah I think there's maybe more nuance to it, but it's very kind of people are having very visceral reaction. Obviously it's like blackface they're, really ever he does you there. He said that it's from a photo shoot. There was about yeah that right, like I personally, can't see any other reason why Drake a person who's, half black with done blackface other than as some you know, social yeah, and he does I- have the his explanation about diversity. Yeah, let's blast through this, so he releases the story of a deed on he attacks, Drake's father, his mother Drake's best friend for having the disease MS a stuff. That's not really something to criticize yeah you MS having son of a gun. Yeah the way he says it, you have lines yeah his producer. His name is 40 and he's like he's hunched over, like he's 80 tick, tick, tick, that man is sick, sick, sick and then he kind of says, he's done, he's dying right so brood on the tripe yeah [Music]. He also reveals that Drake has a secret child with porn stars, Sophie, Brousseau and really yeah and kind of says that Drake is a deadbeat dad, hmm and someone dug up a tweet of hers where she said that she said you know: [ __, ] Drake he's a deadbeat dad about his about the baby, daddy yeah, saying that yeah Drake isn't really involved. Well so, and that was like really moving shakin and that's like the significance of the song title. A deed on Drake was supposed to release a line with adidas called a deed on. That's the rumor mm named after his son, and he was going to kind of reveal his son to the world about his son. I, find that a strange play and I guess that's what he's happening into that. His estranged son is being used as a marketing ploy and Khan in conjunction with Adidas. His son's name is Adonis yeah and Pusha. T's is basically saying that Drake's upcoming line, a deed on is kind of playfully named after his son and Pusha T's, like you, should give your son a better treatment than using him as like a marketing tool. Sure and who knows, if that's true, if he was going to do that, but it's brutal either way to say because it's kind of ruined his Adidas brand fair. So when, when addy Dawn comes out, everyone's gonna associate it with you know right: okay, anyways, and that brings us to now Drake brought out. The iPhone knows app to try and explain himself in the attention behind the blackface photos. Yeah, and so he said, I know everyone's enjoying this. You go, you go ahead and read it. I know everyone is enjoying the circus, but I want to clarify this image in question. This was not from a clothing brand shoe or my music career. This picture is from 2007 a time in my life, where I was an actor and I was working on a project that was about young black actors struggling to get roles being stereotyped and typecast. The photos got it. I got it okay, but I find that I find that a little bit questionable to attack a black man for going in blackface when he did it as part of a shoot to bring aware to to the issue of black people. Having troubles getting jobs seems a little bit underhanded. I mean that's what he says. That's what it says, but I can't imagine why. Why else would he do what Locke faced as a bad guy? But it is a great little dish. I mean if he's looking to destroy the guy, so is that is that uh yeah? That's it wraps it up, yeah, so who's winning right now and you're in your push it to you should eat the last. Is the last one really put it over the top once anyone opens the iPhone Notes app? It's you lost already yeah already explaining in the iPhones note, and no one's ever used that to explain something good right. So basically that alone has just qualified Drake from this round yeah and push it T tweeted last night, actually saying that he hears Drake is offering a hundred grand for anyone who has dirt on Pusha T. That's pretty desperate a and push the t's like you're, not gonna, find skeletons that aren't their interests, though, and so do you think that Drake is gonna fire back? Are you anticipating? It I think you will but he's kind of running out of time. I! Guess: okay, all right thanks! So well with that being said, Ian. Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge and I. Thank you for coming out of birthday. Thank you. I can't believe you put this together so fast, yeah I, like I, said this boy. He ain't right, but we love you here, regardless of that, okay, yeah, exactly all right, whoo well, I, have to say it was long. It went on a very long time. A lot of details. I was intrigued. I learned yeah I did feel like I was finally learning cuz I've, seen it everywhere lately and I didn't know, write anything about it right. Well now we all know many people like follow the details. Right now we all know TV's worst makeover disaster. This clip is great. We're gonna watch this clip and then we'll jump into the Skippy AK I'll call you guys could probably tell we're trying to produce this thing. A little better right, I, don't know if it's working exactly but we've got clips, we've got segments we're trying to be more organized and less loose. You know, I, don't I, don't know how it's going, but we're trying I think there's probably a happy medium between, like being like super [, __ ], prepared, mm-hm and being more loose that we'll figure out yeah. But our intention is to you know we want to elevate the show, we're trying stuff out trying to spice it up we're trying to spice it up here. I hope you guys are enjoying it. You know you ready for this cringe, so we've got here the TV, let's get good I gotta set this up. This will form on some reality shows yeah. All these make it's like a Home Makeover huh. That's what it is. This [ __ ] is so funny like I feel, like almost everybody's, always like uh, it's okay right. When you see they like go into a tiny room and they like repaint it and they move the furniture and they turn a fireplace into a wall and they're like what do you think it's like you can tell they're like I love it. That's like it's! Okay in this case, this is truly truly a disaster that this woman who collects antiques and well, let's just go ahead and wash it then roll it. No, yes, when they seconds after finishing in Linda's room disaster struck the added weight of all those books proved too much for the freestanding shelves. [Music] I, don't know. Andy I think we just have to put our hands upon this. One I think you better go sit down or better tidy. This up. The combination of two days, hard riding I'm the shock of what a gentleman yeah can you get a screen grab of when the shelves were hanging from the ceiling like the I have to say that was one of the most precarious things I've ever seen in my life. Bring it back give me the just go back to where they were hanging from the roof. There you go. What are these 90 little strings yeah? Also, what kind of room is this where you just have a shelf hanging in the middle of the room like how is no one gonna bump into it, and it's just free swinging with the antiques. You know, I have to say that's one of the dumbest things I've ever really, not that's a tiny room, the doors right there I mean what the hell were. You guys thinking. Yeah a shelf is supposed to be against the wall. You optimized this space, a free, a free swinging shelf with antiques on it, I love that they said it broke within minutes -, it's not like it. Even today, they're, like you know what the antiques aren't enough. Let's put all of our books on here as well: I think the books done it yeah, it's a wonderful makeover, it's really almost yeah. It's almost wonder they should. They should have a show. I would watch the [ __ ] out of this called the ultimate home makeover and what they do is they come in and they [ __ ] your house up Oh. What was that showed that there was well that one was real? It was a show about how it's kind of like that, but they don't mean it to be, but they do like crazy room makeovers like the Caymans, his house and converted it into like a chuck-e-cheese kind of thing or like a spaceship room, and it's just so [ __, ] I'll just ruin your house yeah they base but like in my world, you come and you just put holes in the wall and you, like you, upholster all the furniture like hot pink. You know what I mean put the sink, so the water shoots out on the floor when you turn it on and just get the reaction like it's beautiful. We part our souls into this I hope you love it. It's very I mean this. Would this is pretty much what everybody that show old, ultimate room, makeovers that feel confident these guys. Are you even qualified, like look at this guy in the red sweater acting like he's? Actually measuring and doing something? Are you just some dude off the street? Do you have a license or qualifications of any kind? A couple strings couple buh two-by-fours forget about it. I told you guys about when I worked on a home improvement. Reality show like a decade ago: yeah, oh yeah, yeah I was just a PA and at least in my I don't know if this show was like this, but in my experience they would shoot the contractor, like you, know the guy in the red sweater, literally just doing what he's doing like pretending like he's hooking something up and then as soon as the cameras stopped, they just make the PAS do all the work. So the PAS who don't know anything about building, did they make do that yeah, oh [, __ ]. They would like having me laying concrete and like leveling, they explain to you how to do it over. They give me like a brief little like yeah. You got it Wow, never actually care about. Did you ever hold anyone's house up? I didn't one I remember there was an incident where another PA dragged this. It was like an appliance like a. What do you call a dishwasher thing, just dragged it across a wooden floor and just annihilate oh yeah, he didn't come back. Did they ever fix the floor? Yeah they the production, had to pay for it. Yeah they're, like your fire. We expect more of our unpaid interns than that all right up. Next we've got the main dish. Fireworks. We said to ourselves: hey we've got brilliant idea, let's get the great minds together: we've got Skippy the Virgin and we've got Kyle the grandma [ __ ] they're. Almost there almost like the TLC boys. They are. We posted today a new video about a do to us sex with his car or even well. That's you know, I'm, not giving enough credit he's in an intimate relationship. He loves the car mm-hmm, it's not just about sex me, it's about so much more sorry to him. If I offended him I want I, really hope he reaches out one of my favorite things is we talk about these TLC videos and then and then add it up. You know, out of the woods, comes these wonderful characters. So Skippy was on TLC. Yes, I was the virgin and Carl yeah. So it's almost like the the learned, the the learn, ed boys I'm, trying to think of a good name for them. For the for the gang we've got here, the great minds of TLC. So we said to ourselves: we have these great larger-than-life personalities. Kyle who's had sex with so many grandmas who's literally broken vaginas. In his time we talked to him last night trying to set this up. He says: hey guys, I just got done. [ __ ] a 79 year old. He sent us a picture of them together, Skippy who did who tapes his dates? Do we have footage of that Dan ooh? We do I, don't think I have it cued up, though Skippy recently he got. He does this thing where he goes on dates. Any films, the whole thing, and let me tell you folks that is not I do have it. It is not easy city. You have some like a supercut of it yeah, it's just so Skippy the Virgin who's, a devout Mormon. He defines himself by his virginity. Yet he's waiting for marriage, good and I have to say Skippy you're, not getting any closer with videos like this. Let's watch this is my date. Her name is Deanna. We are going to a comedy, show it's laughs, but they're all getting skimpy, rape, whistle no sex for you, bracelets kidney stickers, you don't what so. What's the wildest thing, you would do for a contact mark? Would you kiss a guy for a Klondike court? We're getting? Can you pause? It I mean Skippy you're. Basically, you're you're approaching her for prostitution in exchange it for all things, a Klondike bar. It's a you know it's one thing to get paid $1,000 to suck a guy's dick, it's a whole nother thing to do for a Klondike bar. It seems like they're having fun, though you think so. Go back, look at her face. Well, we everything we saw up to this point was before the date like on the way to the date. Right here is where we're at the attitude changes a little bit dan. Can you go back 10 seconds and everyone watch her face? Has he propositioned her for a Klondike bar right here? What's what's the wildest thing, you would do for a contact mark? Would you kiss a guy for a Klondike bar we're getting this woman a Klondike bar okay progressed? When was the last? How long, since your last relationship over a year ago, how long is the longest is really to eat? Leave you have like a two to five year relationship in yet, let's ooh I think I've had technically three girlfriends and I've made out with I want to say: yeah Wow, no girls ever grabbed his dick 49 make outs. You never touched at it. I guess! That's! Not! Sex! Yeah! Okay! Go ahead! Sorry, sorry to pause. We've thought about like people in relationships kissed the same person over and over again it's like one person 2,000 times as opposed to yeah or 49 people. You know what people asked me was like: hey Skippy. Are you still a virgin the title of the video? Oh yeah, big secret, I'm yeah. We didn't have sex, you were there, you were. You were conscious for the whole I shouldn't normally have to ask this, but can you let people know I, didn't roofie you once on a scale of one to ten? How do you think the date went? Good, possibility, I? Think we should? Okay, hey nothing needs to be more said about this legend. She was into it at first. It was a long [ __ ] night. It was daytime yeah I did something when they came back. She was just like. Take me. Yeah I mean alright. Let's, let's roll it we've got--we've, so we got them together. These two great minds this morning and I says Kyle. You've got the knowledge. You've got the experience and the and the [ __ ]. The old ladies, is kind of a easy one. In -, so can you talk to Skippy I want to get this guy some play mm-hmm. So without further ado, let me tell you fireworks. It started one way and it ended a whole nother way with them. It was Skippy actually yelling at Kyle, unbelievable. What a treat? What that being said, let's, let's enjoy the show I, am on the phone with Skippy the Virgin and Kyle. The cougar champ here I thought that you know with the knowledge that Kyle the cougar champ has. He could really share and improve on Skippy's life, but before I get into that whole thing. I kind of just want to check in with everybody Skippy are you there, yeah, hey, hey Skippy? How are you you guys? You know what you guys have made my life, much more enjoyable and entertaining I. Deliver pizzas and I. Get like I've had experiences where I've shown up and they're like wait. You're, Skippy and I'm like yeah and they're like can I get a photo and, like I said before, or after the photo right now. Are you getting more - awesome? Are you getting more tips as a result of being associated with us? Yes, we know that you get the money if I'm, never gonna, move out. I'll have dant contact you about collecting our commission on that, but we can deal with that. Skippy. Have you seen our new video? We covered one of your contemporaries, a TLC documentary about a young man that has sex with a car. Did you catch that no I avoid that, but yeah is putting your dick. Let me ask you this I: can you have sex with the cars? That's something that your religion would allow. Cuz I know you're waiting for marriage, but are you allowed for your dick and a tailpipe before marriage I think you could do that as long as it's consensual and but if in a month what am I talking about, only consensual people would be yeah. Yes only object, sir. Can you do the boat, so your bishops? Okay with that yeah I any well, you know, I would still tell them that oh yeah yeah Skippy, if you can you get up and before we check in with your next, can you check with your bishop and get his take if you are allowed to put your dick in the tailpipe I'd like to follow up on that as possible, I would gently be super embarrassed to ask him that so from that won't happen, but that that's something that they we've Skippy. If you buy it, if you put your dick in a car's tailpipe, would you tell your bishop yeah, of course, I would course I would think that means I have mental problems and I need psychological help so yeah sure or of course, of course, okay Kyle for help is what it is: Kyle the Cougar chimp nice to have you here, god bless you. How have you been doing telling you update me yeah, just wow this, what you guys are saying: I'm, Les Miles being on the 76, your grandma singer picture that um when I was talking on your producers. Yeah I saw a picture of her she's I saw her, and my reaction was like damn she's really old Kyle, like that's impressive, he's recently got a came 70 surgery later on this month. Kyle is the cane turn you on more or less like. How do you physic ain't enhance the sexual experience, mm-hmm hot I'm wondering like okay, if he's getting recognized and whatnot, why isn't anyone [ __ ] them at the door? Okay, yeah sure so? Well, yeah, okay, let's, let's go ahead and get right into it. Here. We've got questions for all of our ourselves Kyle. Let's start there Skippy, you don't have sex because you are waiting for marriage. Is that correct exactly exactly it's not that I can't it's that I want to wait until I get married. Now, Kyle yeah, it's a religious thing! Y-Yeah, but cut okay, Skippy I thought that maybe it's been a long time we checked in with you, it's been a minute and there's been no progress right. You don't have a girlfriend. In fact, we've seen a date that you went on, you recorded it we're gonna. We've watched it before we went in personally I, don't I thought it was entertaining, but I don't recommend that if you're actually trying to start our meaningful relationship, but what I'm pitching to you is that Skippy we haven't seen much progress and I think the Kyle has a good pitch for you for dating older women. If I want it, I'll listen to the pitch. I will listen to the pitcher with an open mind. Okay, that's all we I just have I have built-in reservations, but I will try and listen to his advice as openly as I can, okay, I will say: I'll never try and have sex with a grandma that the reverse. What I want I get them out. You don't know what you want. You just said you be opening your okay skip. You do know, what's a GJ, a what Skippy do you know what the ecstasy that is a GJ @ GJ I wanna grandma takes her dentures out and gums on your [ __ ] Skippy. Don't tell me that doesn't [ __ ] to give you add, Sam H up right now. Oh my goodness. Take that repulses isa, that's that is me what my bellybutton went into everyone out right, okay, well, Kyle I, wanted to ask you something: Kyle, have you ever used a cane as a sex object or any of these kind of assisting Walker's dentures? Do you ever use that, as as a sex toy yeah I, don't know never a wheelchair before at home? They never a walker but I. Think it's really cute. That dudes just said on built-in reservation, but I think you you don't really have the the ground to stand on for options. I know I mean this whole thing. This whole thing that way from there is man. Look do this 2018. There is no God and you know not trying something L before you buy it or wear it rights. Just you're sitting here, you're setting yourself up for a ridiculous disappointment and failure wedding. How do you respond to that? Skippy I would way rather set myself up for that than to ever get a GJ so well to be fair. Give no Michael options are diverging or get a DJ. I would diverge in it. So fast I would be totally okay with that skin. If I'm understanding Skippy right, he is calling out your lifestyle calling in sick I mean I, I mean I, don't know that necessarily agree, but I mean I'm wondering how you're gonna respond. You know I was debating whether or not I'm gonna bring this up. That's why I didn't even email it to your producer, we're talking what--like my actual thoughts on this see. I, really I, really don't want to hold you out, but I kind of think do to troll I mean 40 reasons, I mean, but for the reasons why stick to the ears Austin Utley, the boss thing is not for the same reasons, I was looking at the on the YouTube page. Look at the TV stuff, so whatnot, you know. Dude has this little moment just like I have my little moment same thing. You know I've caught grandma's, you don't [ __ ] at all. That's cool! That's! Well! That's my book and my little stick whatever yeah yeah, but I was looking. I was looking at the YouTube page and I know I see just trying to get far enough in a guy's Twitter. What not, but then the reason I think these natural is because none of us monetized so one times you have look at me, look at me, I'm a virgin, but I must say I'm not getting out of this foam kind of life, but kind of confused us to what's going on here. This is a really good act, but you're not getting compensation for so it probably isn't so I'm, not sure. What's fun, I guess I'm a little bit confused I, don't understand your theory, necessarily you're, saying that you think he's trolling, because he's I get because he's not making money is, though you said, so no, no, no! No! What I'm saying I'm not sure what side of the fence the falls are like it's. So look at me. Look at me aversion, but you're not being you're not being monetized, so it's kind of like confusing us of what's going on here. What's your theory, Kyle and I. Really good I I see that in the comments sometimes from people also where they, where people are like he's just playing a character, there's no way that this is him he's like saying that he's a virgin and then he's probably you know like using the microcosm of notoriety that he gets to be able to one person had to quote one person to plow tons of chicks right, which is not what it is and I understand. People thinking that, but my counter to that would be like anyone. That knows me like yeah I am good at three things in this life I'm good at meeting celebrities up at Sundance I am good at I was I think that I have one over the counter to your point. There Kyle it's like a button. He has a jar full of belly button lint we actually have. We have a. We have a sample of that. So I I can't think of anything of a more sincere evidence that a man has never put his dick inside of a vagina than that may be possible, but I'm calling out I'm calling out. Is it a shake? Is it something like, but you don't, you think, he's playing it up? That's. This is interesting. Point Kyle raises Skippy. Why is your whole identity? You know defined as Skippy the virgin? Why is that your whole identity, if you're not with, if you're, waiting for marriage? Why is it all about me? The version, if you won't just like put your dick in the next hole you see and yeah, and you would mine you would dare to decline a G job again. I find a D job as repulsive as you find my belly. So you say so. There's so ya know I 100% say God you describe Kyle. Can you briefly describe the ecstasy? That is a G job to Skippy? Yes, well, no I couldn't because I was gonna, say it's currently [ __ ] a [ __ ], but like it can move around that can squeeze you more because they can more pressure. Cuz I am a [ __, ] mandible they're. Still the [ __ ]. You know labia minora, mature, squeezing you what not right you. Wouldn't you don't have a point of reference Skippy. How do you respond to that? There's? A part of me that feels like with if this is what my life has come to, where my virginity is looked at as the same as a guy who wants to have sex with grandma, there's something really wrong with how I've been doing things in my life. If that white virginity is compared to like on a spectrum, it's wet at the one end of the G job and at the other end is virginity yeah. It's not give me it's not even barely wrong Skippy, it's not virginity, it's defining yourself as a virgin like how do you come then I would say that if the first TV show like so the very first show I was on reality, show look when I was 24 MTV month, pounds of town asking. What are you doing on Saturday night in your hometown and I was on a super super tiny MTV show. That was one episode that ran once back when I was 24 right, okay and then the next reality show I was on. I was like older and a virgin. So that was what so you that wasn't even human eek about me. You were identified as the virgin during one of your previous appearances and it's stuck mm-hm now Skippy yep can I ask you this. Have you ever used a fleshlight or any masturbatory toys to help aid to make it feel like you're having sex, no I didn't even masturbate for the first time until I was 26 or 27. Describe that experience to me I'm curious? How what was that, like, after waiting that long, my first I masturbate yeah and disgust with myself that I hadn't waited longer like others that I had known and and even when I was like? Okay, it's natural. This is how you know like instead of having wet dreams kind of thing, but there's still that part of me that is like okay. The goal is still to get married so that I'm not having wet dream. You do that kind of thing. Did you tell your bishop? Did you masturbate it? What was his feedback? Aha see so I'm forking out I was 27 the first time I did I know that I did can I. Think cuz I know it's something where, where the underlying principle of it is that you're, you know you know in the Bible he that looks on a woman to lust after her, you know, is committing a sin in his heart kind of thing. So I get the reasoning behind it and it's tough to go. I mean like I, went like five months without doing that, there's to be huh. I was really proud of myself. Let me ask you this Kippy. If we bought you a flashlight, would you use it? No, not even y-you said you put your dignity yeah. What's the difference you're willing to, but you said you could put your dick in a tell by, but you can't use a flashlight I'd like to hear your bishop. Explain that: okay, okay, okay! So I was joking about that, because I thought that you guys were joking, also because our Jedi never Skippy what I ever put my dick in a tail product of a car, no not once not ever like. If we're being, if you're asking me a serious question, the reason why I would never tell my bishop about that, because I would never do that kind of thing. I would never have sex with inanimate objects. Okay, I thought you guys were kidding and I thought you could tell that. I was kidding with that too Skippy does that make no no I were on the same page. We're just were World War, two okay, I know I know you would never do such a thing, but on the on the flood guide, I do think that if we sent you some kind of masturbatory toys, if you're already masturbating I think would be interesting feedback I know, for example, they have flush lights. That look like buttholes. You can even get weird with one of those. Would you use that I mean no? No, not like why Kyle we need to get blessed. We've got yeah. We need to get flashlights with teeth, less gums. That's a great idea. As far as I know. That's all exist. Yeah, that's a [, __ ], great idea. Okay! Well, I! Don't I! Don't feel that this conversation is going anywhere, Skippy I have to say, although I love, you you're, not very flexible, you're, not willing to help yourself. If you I mean you, I really want you to have sex Skippy I really want you to have sex yeah, um, how's, mom and cosmos. I really am so tempted to hang up on the guy right now, because you're talking about my mom so get the button ready, [, __, ], you dude, and if I that's disgusting and guys at this point, I'm legitimately pissed off at you. If you're going to not tell him over saying that to me: okay, that's my mom we're not about some generic grandma's right, dude yeah! You right! Kyle is his mom and I. Do think that was way about you. That's what I call it it's his mom. It is. His mother I think that we should respect those boundaries. Mormons are very family friendly. You know they. They have units what you said that about your mom man. This part. Sorry, mother! Is it a problem Skippy if someone finds your mom attractive, like hey Kyle's, attracted to older women like if you had a really cute sister and I, said your sisters attractive? Is that a problem for somebody to say to you I mean it's? You know what I mean like Kyle. He is attracted to older women. Okay, I just boarded it terribly. I warded it. Terrible I could have said a million other ways. What I mean yeah, I I guess I would say, put yourself in my shoes and what would you I mean like if it's and I get that not everyone is the same where people were not allowed to be tracted yeah mother? Are they not allowed to be attracted to your mother yeah, but just just put just put yourself in your name. What I, like you, heard someone talking about I, can't I, can't! No, because you know I know tvp's come out. There's pictures with me and my mama, a nice girl already and I went on Reddit and I was holding YouTube. They were ridiculous sexual comments about my mom and you know what haha that's fine enough. I can do it though, but I'm not gonna, like it I said, go big and you're right. That's me and that's just how I just look this role off. Why, though, what I said was [ __ ] if I said the wrong way, send it the wrong way. Yeah I hope he thinks your mom is hot. Let's leave it at that. I think it's fine! He has no intention of having sex with her Skippy. He thinks she's a tractable lady, that's what he's into and we could just leave it at that cool leaving it at that. I. Look forward to our next act. Yeah me as well. Any time Skippy, god bless. You appreciate you Kyle, keep doing what you do. Skippy keep not doing what you do, which is having sex Kyle the cougar chap. Thank you so much for calling in and helping to contribute. You know, I feel, like we've been through a lot, we kind of went through a lot. We started somewhere. We entered somewhere very different that I didn't expect, but it's all been good. We've covered a lot of garlic dicing by the way. Thank you for apologizing I, appreciate, I, appreciate him doing that that was very mature yeah overall. That was really mature. I'm, like I'm gonna, get up and take a piss and I'm gonna go bang. This grandma gonna be awful anyways good place here. She actually walked in. While you were talking, I'm like I'm busy, but I'm gonna go smash, go smash that but be careful with the Kyle I, don't want any more broken [ __ ], all right. Okay, all right! Bye! Guys! Thank you all! So much ego bye boy that was crazy, yeah we're gonna roll to a commercial. We right back to talk about that as well as voice messages, news and, of course, go to your room. Ethan right, Treader, see you guys soon. Oh thank you too honey for sponsoring us. Millions of people are using honey to save money while shopping online, and why wouldn't they? It's free takes just two clicks to add to your browser and saves you tons of money. It's ingenious, and one of my favorite things about honey is how much better it makes shopping on Amazon. Let me give you an example: you install this cute little plugin, it's cute because it's so easy to install click boom. It's there, while you shop online, it searches for coupons to get you the best deal. Ela I know you're a coupon shopper. I know: you're, open trillions and trillions of different tabs I used to do I used to be in deep into the coupon game. If I'm being honest, you know they're out there like you're shopping on Macy's and you're like Macey coupon codes, save 50%, you never know they're out there. What it does is it automatically does it for you at, for example, check this out: Papa John's Pizza, oh I'm, just getting a pie, all the sudden honey's like Oh Oh, got him saved you five bucks mm-hmm, that's like from 20 I'm, just saying that's extra cheese and extra pepperoni right back onto the pie for you on Amazon. They also work amazing. They search two million sellers on Amazon and find you the lowest price. It even shows you the item. Sir price has changed so you can set if you want to wait or buy it. If you do decide to wait, just add it to honey's droplets and it'll notify you. When the price drops honey's got your back, you'll, never overpay for anything on Amazon ever again, there's no reason not to add honey to your browser. Today, it's free takes just two clicks to install and we'll make sure you always get the lowest price on Amazon. Add honey to your browser for free right. The flip now at join honey, calm, /h tree, that's joint honeycomb /ht, it's free! It takes two clicks: I guarantee, you're gonna, save money with this I've saved billions billions. Actually a couple hundred bucks, not villians, but they know there's no reason to exaggerate: you're gonna, save money, you're gonna, say pizza money guys! Thank you too. Honey grab that app appreciate. Y'all, welcome back everybody, I have to say: I was kind of surprised by how off the rail Skippy lasted off, because what did Kyle say he said he's like how old is your mom and can I smash that Skippy went like Hulk. You saw red I was kind of surprised by that some people take this stuff. Very personally like say anything you want, but don't talk about my mom, that's funny so hood people, yeah, Mormons and Israelis, but I like how he takes it as such, an obvious. Given that like what, if you said it about your mom, you know I mean it's like I'd, be relatively fine with well guys. I hope you enjoy that. Are you team Skippy? Are you team Kyle? It really ended up in a verse to this moment there, but they work it out. Kyle apologized, he's very polite. You could have doubled down everybody, but you yeah and escaped at first I thought that Skippy was kidding when he was a fellow. He was not I. Guess part of the reason was that mom was like in the room right next to me, didn't want to like yeah, don't upset mom. What did you say that yeah he was like and especially when you're talking about someone, that's really close to me right, good name, yeah, Mormon moms must be scary, as hell. She probably still like slaps him with rulers yeah. That makes the whole thing so much worse. Why would he have his mom? There, for that call its Skippy dude. You saw the video he took his mom on dates and [ __ ]. You know we still have a little jar with his belly button. You can carry it around with you everywhere, I'm just waiting for the right moment to I think when we have a child either we can pass that heirloom to them. You cherish this will say to him or her in our wheel, chair forever. Didn't we sell that off for charity? No, there was the big one as a little 100k. We robbed me of his lint vault, I kind of wonder what see, if he's replenished, that now, hmm probably started a new one. Yeah I wonder: what's he up to well anyway, um. Thank you to Skippy and Kyle I. Think they're. Both champs and I love the beautiful minds that they had TLC heroes. Yeah TLC Heroes is really I'm, trying to think of a good name. We've seen what catches TLC heroes is great. All right. Let's go do voice messages all right boys. We gotta get rid of that guy's woman he's way too [ __ ] happy! That's like the sound, that's the song, there's no Bell hears in his head right, mm-hmm comes out of the Children's Hospital gotta get it that changed all right. What we got here and what up Ethan and uh Sheila? It's your boy, Nick over in the Sacramento area of California I'm, a parapsychologist, so I work with a lot of poop and with all the [ __ ]. You guys talk about it's good [, __, ] versus my bad [, __ ]. So it's nice listening to you on my on my graveyard shift. So keep up the good work. I haven't seen any new moves lately, so it'd be a good idea, make sure nice and move under your mouth like yeah, have a great day. Thanks for sharing you glad to hear that there's good [, __ ] out there I haven't worked on new well I did have a move in uh. You gotta work on those moves, yeah the new ones, the right parties, mm-hmm that shit's crazy I'm, do I tried doing that. [, __, ], you're gonna be like it's tough, not fat. First of all, first and foremost and there's like an age that goes with the dentist right, you have to be a bright young man, kind of or should be a little red shirt boy. If you want to trip up sorry I'm saying if you want to transcend the age gap that goes with the dance, you're gonna need to work harder. That's true, I, don't know if I've got it in me, but I'm like to transcend my moves. Dr. rudi johnson here- and I just want to just give you a heads up like it's time to stay away from the road and bars and people like that, not because we need to keep people separate, but because they're going to destroy your career and tweening like that's a bad idea. So don't do that. Okay, thank you to my podiatrist yeah, very safe advice, so now on appreciate that, thanks for stopping in thank you, okay, Ian from Toronto, Ontario, Canada and I just had to say I can easily replace your other Ian. Sorry he's irreplaceable. Do you see what he just sat here and dead I'm, not I'm, not gonna, sit here and listen. Can you put that PowerPoint presentation in one hour? Are you freaking kidding me and the battles of the ants? No one will ever defeat him. I, hope, you're. Listening in you know, there's this movie with John chow yun-fat, where he has to go and parallel universes and kill all the other versions of him. So he gets stronger. You know what I'm talking about and on yeah I'm gonna look is going on and in this world enos rushing you, okay, all other Ian's I invite you to challenge are in Ian's, like my Pokemon he's like my star Pokemon I. Dare anybody to step to me with a better in my and they can battle? That uh? Is that bulletproof monk? No! No! No! Okay, give me a break. Let's move on hey I'm Cameron from Central Missouri calling in regards to what happened to Iraq I felt like Amazon like this stuff, like that, just in regards to it's not something: that's solely on Amazon, Walmart and Target, or starting to experience the same problems as well with all the other parties he's talking about there online, because Walmart and Target, and all these other retailers are starting to have third-party sellers on their website as well, trying to compete with just so stupid if I go to Walmart I don't want to buy like you can't he's talking in regards to the fake Amazon by the way I was listening to that podcast and I was really regretting not being what do you want to add? What do we miss just that I hate this, the garbage that they're selling you know I stopped buying from them. It's immoral, honestly, I, hadn't I ended up returning like every everything I bought from them. Recently, it needs to be addressed. Like recently, we bought I'm like okay. I need a net for our pool to clean our pool and I sorted by ratings and price, because I know there's so much [, __ ], so I says: okay, I'm gonna buy the most expensive one to avoid buying garbage, so I just find one. That's like 25 bucks, which is a lot for something like that. It's got five stars: I can get it. Okay, it's such [, __ ] garbage it's in three pieces and you you screw it together for Christ's sake and it's wobbly and unstable wobbly. It's just falling apart. Like seriously I, don't know it needs to be addressed. It's a huge problem. The Amazon I bought I bought shelves that I was gonna put together, remember yeah and I start to put it together and so whole thing, and it's like heavy and there's a lot of pieces and once I start putting it together, the pieces don't actually fit over each other right because, like cheap plastic and they didn't do quality control or whatever the pieces are supposed to fit, and they don't- and it's just like all the progress I did so far. Just there's nothing to do now: I had to undo it pack it back together, so I can return it, and then you gotta return this like heavy package, the nightmare it became nobody's. Talking about this. This is a huge existential crisis. This is the one. This is the one, then the one. No one was the one and it's it's gently this. The plot of this movie is [ __ ] off the wall dude. He goes and killing alternate universe versions of himself but and they're all trying to kill him, because when you kill alternate version already it really is you become more powerful, so ian is the one I hope you I want to toss the gauntlet of there and what was this guy? Hey? It's a free shipping, Walmart Target approve of this, so you should totally buy from this random company, something on their site. Some companies, like Best Buy, like I, worked at Best, Buy and I have a lot of issues with customers coming in demanding like give me this price on this font that Amazon from one but it's sold by those third parties where it's like. You can't trust them yeah, we don't know just like the customers. You guys talked about where you don't know if it's the real product or it's a fake product, just that had the prime swap he's saying people come in for price matches on all this garbage mm-hmm third party, [ __ ], it's a mess, it's a hole man, but it used to be on Amazon that if it was prayin, you knew that this is like a poor boy, youth right, yeah! That's what I always thought! That's what I always thought too and I didn't have a problem up until like a year ago, yeah, especially recently, like the past few months, everything I bought from them was like broken, even [, __ ], as shitty as like medicine. This is fake, yeah, unbelievable somebody's got to talk about it and if that person has to be mints well, then I guess I'll be that hero all three later I'll, be the one [Applause] I. Take it very seriously, because I came here from Israel, where you don't have Amazon, and here I was like Amazon. This is like heaven, you can it's. It's amazing! Yeah and now it's all ruined, it's ruined we're back in the dark ages. This is now we got a go shop at Home, Depot. Speaking of the dark ages. We have one here about bidets. What up poops just taught me long as from Seattle's I wanted to spread the good word of the bidet. You guys had one don't be afraid. The thing will clean your [, __ ] I, do have a very, very hairy, [ __ ], so give it a try, get one of the warm water ones. Spray straight in your [. __ ] will be clean of the whistle. I have a bidet and it is has warm water I have never used it because I don't understand when you scored it with the water. How do you clean? You? Have shitty water on your ass I'm, suppose I've been advice to use a wet towel. My bottle white I really wanted to call in to explain okay, so here's what I propose but is not available right, not a flight yeah, your brother he's he is unbelievable, proponent of the bidet. He thinks, though, even with the wet wipes you're not as clean as you can get whatever they're. Apparently I'm, not I. Just don't understand the process of drying. Your ass with [ __ ] in it like I, take [, __, ] I know that [ __ ] gets caked on dude. What are you still supposed to use toilet paper in conjunction with the bidet or once it's wet? You can use toilet paper or toilet paper. First toilet paper. First thing: if this court rinse down well, what I want to do is bring your brother in he can't we can't debate this. You can give me instructions and then the following week: I'll use it and we'll come back and report in because I feel like the bidet. We need to get yeah. You wanted to call in and he's got he's gotta know it's already prepared, he's really yeah! Well, I need to prepare it's [, __ ] up cuz your bathrooms, the one with the bidet we have two bathrooms and I can and now once I start loving the bidet, the captain going over [ __ ] in running between bathrooms. You think I'll just use yours I, never thought it was mine anyway, it's it's a bathroom that I'm gonna [ __ ], your bathroom, you made yours and mine, ladies bet, I'm thinking in training from ripping bumpers off of trucks, I'm hanging with truck nuts. You know down to my knees. You know what I mean. Thank you very much for that. I thought it was the hater, but it's just a ladies fan all right: let's bring it back! I'm right there with you, buddy come hey, yeah, Ethan and Ella loves the show just gonna say it's Jordan from Melbourne Australia not to be confused with the Jordan. The frequently called in so I just wanted to. Let you guys know just what's the previous podcast, though, what your well I work, I work for a major water company out here in Jalan little little off state of Victoria down Australia, and just we have a massive campaign going on right now, where basically, we just want to educate people and that people know that flushable wipes aren't actually flushable, even though they they're advertised that way, so I thought I'd just bring that up with you guys things I've been working for this company for a while now, and it's pretty pretty clear to everyone that work in this industry that they're not actually flushable. It's just I also just want to say how much I love the show and thank you for telling me how she loves the show. But you can't you can't have it both ways you can't be like Oh crush your dreams over there. This whole thing with baby wipes. It's like all absurd and I talk about baby wipes and people are like I've seen snow. It's it's just happening now everywhere were people are waking because they're advertising it as flushable. Well, if, but okay, if, if flushable baby wipes, are somehow like a destroying the plumbing worldwide- and they are that's [ __ ] up that these people are able to say hey flush, yeah, that's why it's becoming illegal! You know what I noticed on these packages of these yeah. Maybe maybe it's time to start squirting - straight up. False advertising is what I was that's kind of. What they say on the packaging is only only one at a time. Yeah come on. You think I can clean up my [ __ ] one way get real I'm flushing like eight at a time. Do you really I'd on a grill, no more I would say: Viet Mo's I'll go one and all I can serve the space I'll do like five wipes. You know what I mean mm-hm and then like if I have to go in for the second one, it's like all right, usually going for the second one if I was going for a third one. It's like this was a third one. Third is like ish, but I usually wrap it up to three I. Think I can't live without it. No I'm addicted to baby whoops. You don't understand if I take a [, __ ] without baby wipes its it's, you don't understand. I can't get my [ __ ], clean I'll believe with toilet paper. By the time it's clean, you don't understand, I, think you gotta throw it in the trash. Can I don't like to I gotta. Tell you I, don't like the idea of a bunch of shitty rags and the you know. I've got bin right next to me, but hey sometimes you got to do. Do you know what it because the thing is like you've got your hand under there and you're wiping [, __ ] and there's a real beautiful thing about just letting it go. But when you have to do all this and then you bring it out and you're confronted with what you've done for me, you're confronted with what you've done and then you have to not do a whole new act of this. It's like you know, I, don't want to see. I, don't want to see the murder scandal. Okay, I relate to that I. Don't want to be confronted with my crimes when you, when you're wipe you don't look at it. I look yeah, you look at it yeah. Do you look every wipe? Well, I, don't know, but you gotta track the progress right. Certainly at the end you got to know right now. What's the difference, let me ask you: when are when? Are you done wiping when there's no poop left art? Will you quit when there's a little poop left, or do you wipe until it's all clean? No, usually there will be no nothing left. How deep do you like, I'm, sick or something right? If you have diarrhea, then you don't want it good, two figures, but how deep do you go in when you're wiping? What do you mean do something where certain levels of deepness like you can do a surface level clean, but sometimes you scoop in a little bit? No, no! Sometimes you scoop, you know what I mean. No. Does anyone out there know what I mean. Sometimes you scoop a little bit? No, no you're doing well. Okay, sometimes you can rub a little bit deeper, all right, I guess so. I I just saw I just missed a call from your mom Ethan, but she then she texts me, you you rinse with the bidet and dry with the toilet paper is what she's saying so that must be nice for her, my asshole's Harry. If wet weather paper touches my [ __ ], it disintegrates and sticks to my hair. All right, let's move well, we should try it. It's actually I hear Dan. My dad says mom. My mom wanted to call in about something. I was like that's too off-topic. My dad goes. What about how she lost her virginity. That's a funny story. I was like no, your mom just called and she's got strong opinions on this I. Don't know if you alright, let's take it put it through. We got a. We got a dollar in on your okay. No it's too much. Okay! Next time, we'll be ready, it sounds like we need a whole episode. The rest of 2018 is gonna, be you'll have to get it's gonna, be like a full court case of like we're. Gonna plaintiff and defendant. We need to have representation. We have to have adequately both of your families. It seems like this is everybody agrees, but me basically is just me against the world. As usual. Well, I haven't tried to be there. Yeah, never I'm gonna try it ice. We should try it before. We start it's kind of a calling that we just moved and while we have it, it is a calling it's a calling, yeah big Ethan in Hilo. This is a twitch dot here to calling in to get your thoughts on going from [ __ ] the shower after that hygienic and if you've ever done, Ethan in Gila he's ever done. [ __ ] the shower. How do you feel about it? [, __ ], the showers, pretty standard shoot the show you take a [ __ ] you take a shower I, wouldn't do that unless it was just like running down my leg, because I got [ __ ] to do is he asking about like know why opinion between that's a good question? But what I would guess is yes, no wiping? Well, if you're, okay with that I mean, isn't that just I always a shower just a giant bidet in a way yeah except that year. No, it's not it's, not I would not only why I'm opposed to no wipe into the shower, because you understand that well, it depends on the severity of your [ __ ]. How severe was your [ __ ] as a [, __ ] running down your leg and you didn't even give it do one courtesy wipe? Is there like a psycho scene where Bloods down the drain, with [ __ ] on the bottom of your shower? You left the question to open yeah, expand more okay. What else we got talking about a piece from Los, Angeles and Ethan in ela. I only handle one question for you: when are you gonna release a solo Antonio song with post Malone that [ __ ] is straight fire, so flow like Antonio flow like Antonio? Thank you, oh gosh, Austin is so [ __ ] busy these days he's been on tour yeah, pretty much since the watch yeah he's been yet. Basically, since the live show, you know he's playing. Actually we have 30,000 Cedars now yeah. Well, we're gonna see him soon. Hopefully, when you from when he finishes, I have a dream that we were hanging out with him really just remembered. Were we making so flow like Antonio? No, honestly I think you might be too big of a started to debase himself to doing like meme rap, but maybe not we're honestly I'll work on it. I'll try to make a pin, but it's very unlikely. I'll say that we need a ghostwriter - yeah. We need a what was in Quincy what was his name in Quincy Jones or whatever Quentin Quentin Quinn Miller hi. This is Metro podcast and I'm. Gonna call them talking about how you know it's like Skippy and the Cougar chance you guys are making their own wack pack and I thought that was really awesome. He said you didn't want to be whack pack because it'd be like a beast at Howard, so I couldn't help but think of the gas pack gasps back then gasps back um I like it's. It's not bad, but I like I think we need to give credit to their beautiful minds and I'd like to play in the TLC gang as well. The TLC heroes steal someone years of TLC, but but what if they yeah? That's what that's the thing like Joey, salad yeah. Maybe we could be like the learn. Edmund Joey is part of the gasps pack. In a way isn't it he definitely gasps Becker, all right. There's one left here Jenna. This is Josh from Iowa. I was hoping I catch you before the podcast. Just let you know don't go to the office today. Thank you. It's a little too late. I wish somebody with 104 in two hours too late, all right. Well, thank you. Everyone for calling in. If you have messages where that were where's, the freaking number, you got it on the screen or something for the voicemail box yeah. We could throw that up on screen. I dropped it into our script earlier it is where'd, it go. I guess, I'm a 1/8 to 1/4 8 5 0 4. If you want to leave a voicemail, read it again, that's eight one. Eight take over one four, eight: five: zero. Four, all right. Do it 10 more times. Please don't we got a couple videos you want to go on to Ethan, go to your room, you want to just get on with it or should I watch these videos I have to we're. Not let's just do what we got we're deep in now. This is the it's been two hours already yeah. It's been two hours. This is the part. This is my favorite part of the show, because there's no pressure and it's just like anyone who's listening now yeah is in it for the long haul. I feel that too I wonder if we could ever feel that from the beginning, I know, cuz I feel like the first 30 minutes is always the most like rigid and tough yeah, but I don't know if it's like going back to our how we had this show out like let's review, how we, how we did this show we started with Ian coming out. Wait, that's not! We started. We started with the tongue wise Oh thing, whatever just like housekeep ILA's, back apple verse, razor. It's like: what can you really do it that I had a troubles? I was like. Is this interesting? You know what I mean like? Is this meaty enough, but sometimes you got to open light mm-hmm. How do you hit the ground running with these podcasts I? Don't know Ryan Seacrest was great. You know we should do ela, maybe start it and watch our like the top cringe video of the week like if we open with the Ryan Seacrest. That might be an interesting way to like lube up. You got to lube up with some top cringe yeah to grease up a little bit and then be like. Oh he'll is bad like that's kind of a good idea, right, yeah, nice, I kind of like that. Hey guys welcome to podcast, let's jump right, the flip into it by the way heel is back. Alright, where was I just take to the whole podcast, go back to the top sure whoever's watching now, Dolph clearly doesn't care. We could talk about anything at this point, I mean alright. Let's watch some [ __ ]. How many people are watching right now, Dan 17,000? Well, the Loyalists, the truth. There's nothing of value left here, my my doggies mmm. You know we do have some guests coming and finally, we've been doing log2 well next week we've got Tom Segura nice, that's exciting, yeah I'm, a fan of Tom he's a funny funny, guy, that's and then in in and uh, then the nice it on my calendar ever and then the week after that. We have actually know. Tom is the week after that, oh oh yeah, and that's why I don't see it in a book up next week. Okay should say that you guys were gonna, be on Monday, with my Tiger belly right, yeah, Bobby Lee's, it's your boy, Bobby Lee, I'm excited love. Those guys check them out there all right, let's get on with it. Jerk off video go ahead, Dan, Julie, jerk off! Forgive me her calls great awesome. Okay, but like imagine we started the show with that everybody's, like that was a [ __ ] terrific I'm hooked, instead of like Oh apple, verse, razor everybody really [, __ ] cares about this people. People care people wanted to know what update with ela cuz. She was gone last week. You know see I, don't know if it's more the psychological thing before I not loose, we're not Lewis I, don't think it matters what we talk about her but maybe not know, there's there's probably something to that look. We talked about your update, but we didn't really get into the nitty-gritty because there's a lot to talk about with your family, but we're like. Oh that's too much at the beginning, yeah, you know we're overthinking it people don't watch podcasts to get hooked, do they? Who cares or do they I, don't know? Who knows how do we make this show that I've never watched a podcast so I have no idea right. Hmm me either. Clearly, that's why it's run like this I just watched it for the first time the last episode yeah on my flight back I want I, listen to it for the first time that weird for you to like it was very weird yeah. She says I just felt like I wanted to do respond to anything about stuff. It was weird to not be able to and we should, we should had you call in or something didn't we do know. I was up. I was literally on a airplane, oh no, when it was live, it's too late there. It's like right. No, the night I was I, don't it's a podcast, so it's like almost boring by nature, but I personally want it to be more more active. I wanted to I, don't know I'm trying to. I want to elevate it, but I don't know if I'm making a mistake, maybe just let it be mm-hmm I mean. There's we trying too hard I, don't know. There's some people, here's a comment in the chat just now. This is a long-form podcast I think it's good that it naturally builds. You set a tone that way mm-hmm-hmm. My fear is that the first like 50 minutes, are the most boring and that sucks, because that's when you want people to keep watching, but maybe that's normal with podcast, is it I, don't know cuz I, don't know that that maybe I don't know I find like when I listen to Bill, burrs and and Rogen's, and while Howard, who not podcast necessarily but I I'm, always usually pretty hooked in on the first 15 minutes mm-hmm. You know by the way anyone who complains about our ads: listen to Joe Rogan, that guy reads ads for [ __ ] days, I'm, not complaining. I like listening to him, read ads because it's like interesting for me saying how other people do it? It's it's crazy though he gets in there for like 15 minutes. You just see people saying in the chat. They don't need to be to get hooked, my god. These are the guys that lasted two hours into this lame-ass conversation. That's most of everyone, almost I mean we at most we had 20,000 and now we're at 17,000 yeah. It's the vast majority you're sticking around right, but still like I'm talking about growth. Somebody turns it on who's never listened to before and we're like a razor is a well yeah, but it's it's gonna be hard, no matter what a razor is really crushing it, don't you think I'm figuring I'm trying to figure it out I'm reading the chat to get some feedback, and this guy says I disagree I enjoyed every bit the very beginning of the podcast mmm. Okay, thank you. Are you reading the ones that are like well I but again, there's a lot of nonsense comments, but everyone already closed it. Who was bored and I mean you're, not looking at the and the bright side, not hear you I never do I mean I'm, not a bright side. Well anyway, my pension is to try to elevate this show we got it. I think, for my sake, I think I want to find a way to further the beginning. To snap. Like imagine this play this again. Dan play this again. You open the video, hey, welcome a street podcast Julie jerk-off amazing. Welcome everybody to the extra three back Adam who's, not who's, closing that that's right there, whose wasn't it no commentary. We could just edit this one to just start right here. We can't we're on YouTube. We can't edit it take it down. Re-Upload probably get double the views. These guys saying we're here, because we love watching you guys. Thank you. I love, you Iran and macaroni for an hour for all we care, that's what I want to hear. I, don't want to hear criticism. I, don't want criticism. I want to hear people who say you could literally just eat a bowl of cereal and scratch. Your ass will not watch I like the bar being a slowly I. Don't know it scratch your eye sure. Well, maybe that's interesting to someone I, don't know, but I like to hear that. Thank you appreciate that a lot. How did you get the jerk off from kerkhof? Well, she's obviously got something else on her mind: Julie and everyone in the crowds like ooh Kirk, oh um, this person, who's, saying I, think most of the growth comes from offense, my laptop's about sucks yeah. All right, that's the thing with the razor actually hear that I don't know it's just it's not doing it. Okay, sorry! You know what. Basically he was saying that it it's. The growth comes from like friends, telling friends, I guess you know I know I appreciate, I, listen, I, don't get me wrong! I love! All you guys! I love! All you mother at flippin efforts. You guys are the greatest you can't want to do the best show you can dad I read I just by the way Oh. Should we address the shipping on Teddy fresh, because someone was just asking about it. I don't know if that's the right medium you can. At this point we could talk about anything I'll give you [, __ ] nobody's listening what you want to talk about it, but just we had a lot of issues with the International shipping being carry fresh highly vaunted fresh, and the reason is that we were trying a certain plugin that allows you to pay the customs ahead of time, and so the shipping was including that mm-hmm, but we realized it wasn't the best. So we now we cancelled it. So now it's back to normal shipping front yeah. The shipping on international was insane, but we fixed it. It's still expensive, but that's out of our control. Well, that's what it cost the Bennett International shipping sucks, because you don't understand that all these countries have doll these different tariffs and duties themself. So what the plug-in did is their pre charge you for duties so that so that it doesn't get held up if you're in Canada, for example, or the UK, and you order something from Teddy fresh there's a there's, a chance that they're gonna hold it at the post office and make you come and pay a duty this this circumvented, that which is helpful for some but honestly just and ended up and a lot of people paying more money for no reason so whatever we leave it up to chance. But if you were discouraged by the shipping price, then maybe check again, maybe it's better, because we didn't make some changes. Oh we should. Maybe we should open with that. What's the news: what's the milk about shipping, uh, hello, everybody and welcome? We've got an update about shipping for us. Yes did you know that FedEx has given us a discount recently just make me fall asleep anyway. I think those 15 minutes are crucial and I want to find out because we're upping our production quality, as you guys, can tell our least we're trying I don't know if we are, but we're trying to be more organized. You know have everything more put together. It's a lot of extra work. We've been here on these days now in the podcasts. We're here since, like you know, yesterday we're working all day we get here at 10:00 a.m. these guys are here earlier, been working all last night, I mean we're here for hours and hours and hours like five, how many memories back days in Alex, dancera, four for backstage and me and HeLa grinding and I'm wondering. Is it worth to like all this work, we're putting in like God? Oh, we work into our let I don't know. 15 first 50 minutes are crucial. I'm wondering I want to find a way to move on play the [ __ ], whatever we got next, damn people stealing stuff by that bolt stealing stuff I jerk off I would have crushed. Our views would be a 40,000 right now. Okay, excuse me all right here we go go ahead. Is that yours little love? Oh, you need some help yeah. This is our stuff. Yes, this is your yeah. It is. This is all ours all of it, the chairs, the back of our stuff, my kids yep. That's my kids, I'm, sorry, yeah shocking. They just can't believe it [ __ ] sake, okay, I'll! Let it slide I'm glad I made it in time, no, no step away from my [ __ ]. How about I like how it ends with the camera being slapped, and then it just ends. There's some hoods blood like. Is that really the heist is that a heist moment to steal somebody's like Beach canopy, apparently sell it for 50 bucks awesome like what what is the State of Mind, where somebody has this epic beach set up with a canopy and towels and boogie boards and you're like I'm gonna disassemble, all of it and walk like that's, not an easy operation. That's not grabbing a wall at us like somebody's shoe mm-hmm. Was it an honest mistake, no way well? What kind of theft is that? What kind of mistake is this your walk into someone else's like that wrap my head around trying to disassemble and steal a beach canopy? Is it kind of a thing, though, that, like any bags just start stealing like that, it's kind of a you're quiet? Oh my bad I, turned it down for for that video yeah? Isn't it a thing that you know like older people, I haven't heard of such a thing? Is that a thing yeah, all those people steal? They steal a lot all right, I'm, looking for the elderly I? Guess they weren't necessarily. What's the theory they need, they need some money. They don't get a lot of elderly people have money, problems and everything and they also just kind of happen. They don't give a [ __ ]. Are you here about a race? Let me let me pull some statistics. I'm pretty sure this is. This is a magic dancing that about a race of people and they just don't really inspire. This is an age thing. So come at me, come at me. Elderly I'll. Take you all as old people still [ __ ], who knew you know. People say when I'm old, I'm, just gonna take heroine and enjoy myself. Is that a real thing, the or I think like that's, not because, like yeah I, don't think that that that would really be enjoyable? I used to think that I would be like you know what, when I retire I'm just gonna play World of Warcraft, it's gonna be beautiful. You don't enjoy the same stuff that you enjoy when you were a kid yeah when, when I was in college, I was playing or like high school. I was playing EverQuest world Warcraft, like you know, for 12 hours a day, and that was my bliss I have never enjoyed anything as much like you know when I retired, that's all I'm gonna want to do right now, I'm, afraid of that when I retire yeah. What is it that like when you're 20 and the prime years of your life, you can spend 15 hours playing World of Warcraft, but when you're 60- and you have nothing to do- you feel like you're wasting your life? Is that twisted? Why don't you tell us when you're 60, okay report I will check in then thank you, I'll be checking in for sure it's an update on that. It's it's not necessarily that that, like most shoplifters are elderly or anything like that, but many people who have never committed crimes in their life start to do it. When they're older and the study that I'm seeing I guess it has more to do with mental illness and Alzheimer's, and things like that, my it, the rate kicks up 60 plus. So that is a bit of an ageist thing. I mean you're blaming old people for stealing, but it's actually just mental illness. That's kind of twisted its able us do I know I'm on it. It's I got a pee, really bad. Okay, let's move it on. We have. We have two more segments here. We got Ethan, go to your room and we've got ela. Does the news? So, let's, let's bump it to Ethan, go to your room? Okay, let me eat some crow here. Let's pump, go to your room, [Music] all right, welcome everybody to the new and create a segment here on the HP podcast, where I face the music I say a lot of dumb [ __ ] here on the podcast over hours and hours of open mic time and a lot of this stuff. You know you come out here, you say stuff ends up not being right. Okay, fine, there's! A couple of things: I want to address the record on okay. First of all, this one I frankly feel bad about. This was egregious. This was very bad, so I'm, gonna, clear there. No I need to make a correction on this one. Do you have the clip up Dan? Can you play the the original one about the London acid attacks? My statement yesterday, I. Let me grab that real, quick by the way someone suggested to start with the news. Maybe [Music] interesting suggestion by the with no, we don't have that clip. We have. We have to cook for the other one right for Christ's sake for the next one. That's the one that you had Ian me why I wanted both I, don't think I have the other one mm-hmm, alright! Well, what I said? What we were talking about. I read an article that acid attacks were all on the rise in London. Well, it was related to that dumb. Prank, you remember right. There was a young Arab man who was a youtuber who got banned off YouTube or pretending to throw acid in people's faces and I just well. What I was saying is that acid attacks were on the rise in London. Apparently it's a very common thing, and so he was kind of piggybacking off that which was really [, __, ], up and I assumed because he was a young Arab man that it was scaring people more because there I thought. The acid attacks were acts of racism, Mormon terror, sorry, terrorism, I was dead wrong on that and this truth of matter here, I'll read this: statistics released by the London metropolis police in the BBC provide a breakdown of every recorded acid attack over 15 year period by age, gender, ethnicity, borough, hate crime and outcome. It's the false picture of the findings, so here we go, the suspects were 74 percent of the time the suspect was male 7, four percent of the time and the victim was male 67 percent of the time just six percent of the suspects were Asian I, guess the the assumption was that they were because you have these honor attacks and then at the Arab world or the Southeast Asian world were or is it's like in Pakistan or somewhere. It's like a Muslim thing, I'm, probably making a idiot correct what I asked them? What did the ayah? It happens in India too, which is you know, primarily Hindu, so it's it's it's cross-cultural, let's say. Unfortunately, the point is I can't come to Ethan's, go to your room Ethan and then make I can't do corrections on my correction, I'm, counting on you guys to help me out here what what it says: six percent Asian. What country are we talking about? India Pakistan, the continent so I think all all of it all of in Middle, East Middle East is in Asia. The Middle East is Asia, okay, alright, so I'm, okay, the point being that it's not Muslims primarily doing yeah I'm London right! That's the point! So that's the point. The point is that it's actually what's happening here. Is that there's gangs in London biker gang as I read, who who are doing they're, throwing acid in each others, face some kind of retribution and it's not terrorism or it's not. You know, Arabs or Pakistanis, or anything like that. So I made a absolutely wrong conclusion on that one. So that was just my bad okay. It does say well something, though, that I would assume that you know well yeah to be fair. You lived with me in Israel for five years and it is in Israel. That is the reality. Usually when I'm saying there's, some sort of an attack like that is, it is usually terror, right, related and and that kind of stuff. So I can see why you made that assumption, but that was a bad one. I felt bad about that. One I want to correct the record, the other one, this one's a weird one, big catching a lot of flak I've, noticed for apparently sending out Nazi propaganda. That's interesting accusation to level against me specifically had spoken about the bombing and raised him. Oh here, here's the clip I can't hear it yeah. Let me resize it. This is a super big for some reason here we go started over. Oh my god come on dead air after the Nazis surrendered, low quiet, the Allies went and bomb Drazen was like a historic City. German Germany said to be one of the most beautiful cities that ever exists, and it was untouched by the war because it was just a civilian city. There was no military there. Two days after the war ended the Allies England, specifically and I think America. They firebomb the whole [ __ ] City, just out of straight revenge and they killed 300,000 civilians. Something like that. So anyway, basically I had said that now the real story is that we are talking here about the book yeah one of my favorite books of all time, this slaughterhouse-five written by Kurt Vonnegut, where he details in his novel being stuck in a meat locker and raised in as the fire bombs are falling and he comes out afterwards and the moles on fire everyone's dead and then and the Germans there are making him and other American prisoners of war, literally shovel the corpses of the families and the children and all these people that were just absolutely destroyed during that bomb. Okay, so I'm Paul anyway. The truth is that apparently, the German government issued some propaganda that estimated the figures of dead to be around 200,000 I, guess to better equate war crimes of the Nazis against the Allies death. Tolls have been estimated as high as 500,000, but a 2010 study commissioned by the city estimates that it was only 25,000. Now. The thing is people saying like I'm, saying, Nazi propaganda, but in Kurt Vonnegut's book he says on June 35,000. You know I spent a month in Germany and I'm, pretty sure when I was touring Hamburg. You know in Hamburg in northern Germany, there's cathedrals that were bombed during the war that they left intact. As a reminder, our tour guide there and the Germans were saying that the Allies were blowing up civilians cities and we left these cathedrals to remind us of what happened and I'm, pretty sure that the tour guide there at the head also told me about Dresden, and it was this horrible crime against humanity. But it's in the book that I'm talking about so it's kind of rich of them to be able to accuse me of like [ __ ] talking about Nazi propaganda for Christ's sake, and this is just from 2010 I'm, just quoting Vonnegut, but to correct the record. It was 25,000, not one hundred thirty-five thousand or three hundred thousand or whatever I said so clearly, the Nazis are on the rise and they're really using me for for reference here. So I'm, not a Nazi, yeah and Kurt Vonnegut is my favorite author and that's where that came from. So that's it was that interesting. Nice feel, like you just want to clear the air on those. Does that you know what the it is good to say, but spit that that one doesn't bother me that much I, don't I, don't I'm I was wrong on it. I don't think anybody's. Taking that information being like the Allies were just as bad as the Nazis. That was my point. No I'm curious, I genuinely am curious. What about the whole aspect of it being after the war was over? Damn I'm clear about, but I I was reading on Wikipedia the other night. They were saying the Americans, who called the bombing were saying it was just the fight in retrospect, because I guess what the way that I heard it told and Vonnegut was that it was just this. It was a just a straight-up revenge attack right I'd always heard that you know it was criticized because it wasn't really. It wasn't really a military target and yes and it wasn't but I just looked it up really quick and the war in Europe ended in May of 1945, and this bombing happened in February, so it was a few months before the war was technically over so I mean it was still work. I guess it begs the question of well. At any rate, it doesn't begged I mean 25,000. People still died, I think it's an interesting lesson by the way, but the whole thing that I found interesting about it. I was not to equate Nazi crimes against allied crimes. First of all, you know: we've all seen a Vietnam that were perfectly capable of committing horrible atrocities and World War, two with Japanese internment camps, but I find I found the whole comparison. Interesting in that like when you fight the monster, you have to be careful not to become the monster yourself. 25 thousand civilians got charred. Is that much better I? Don't think so. You know I mean I, I, don't know it's. It's still yeah. Let's not talk. People died in the end. You know it's justified sure, but, like you know, [ __ ] sake. There's like a video of me talking about it like this huge expose about like h2 h3 talking about Nazi propaganda. I was like dude. Give me a [ __ ] break as a Jewish guy they're, saying that you're not see that I. Don't think anyone actually thinks I'm a Nazi, but that like I'm, a mouthpiece for propaganda anyway, I was wrong, okay, whatever that does for you, but the the acid attacks was definitely a mistake that I honestly should have corrected sooner. That was just [, __ ] flat-out wrong, and with that being said, we just have the news left all right. Instead of news, my scene, that's right, yeah, just the names Guardiola do we have a new, so roll, the bumper. Oh, we have a bumper all right. Let's do it. [Music] [Applause] all right, I can't see it, but it sounded like a hoot ela you're all set up to go all right. First story: Trump implements tariffs on Canada Mexico and you well honestly that one I have to say: I, don't know much about it, so well, I'm sure it's complicated, but I also know that you know Canada and Mexico are like our close trade allies. So yeah my feeling is it's not a good thing: cuz they're, gonna retaliate and it's just gonna turn into a bunch of isolationism which generally isn't a good thing, but I don't know. Yeah. Believe Canada has already announced that they're they're hitting us back dollar dollar, basically generally when the world and the countries start shrinking into themselves. It's not a good thing. Mm-Hmm, but again, I, don't know I, guess they think it's I. Don't know it's supposed to help with there's a trade deficit know what's next yeah a lot of enthusiasm for that stuff. Netflix briefly, Netflix tops Disney as the biggest media company in the world. That's crazy, that is pretty nuts Netflix um surpassed Disney in market value, Thursday hitting a high market value of 156 billion, one hundred and fifty six billion. That's their value, the the dollar value of their company, it's their market cap. So it's it's their value on the stock market, essentially mmm one hundred and twenty five million subscribers, that's half of the whole country of America. They they their where's that oh yeah they are now accounted for. Thirty-Six percent of all down stream, Internet traffic and YouTube is second and 15% Wow twice as much as YouTube yeah over twice I got much time on Netflix, but we have it I. Think but they're talking about usage yeah. Clearly people are using it. Yeah I, find it harder and harder to use Netflix. If I'm being honest, you know what I mean I-I've enjoy you put Netflix I, don't have a beef I just have a hard time. Fine I have like choice, paralysis, I got going on there and I'm like I, don't know what to watch. Iii find myself spending more time on Hulu. Personally, it keeps changing it's like one month. You'll do all of sound on Hulu yeah I enjoy both though I always feel like there's nothing to watch on all of them just straight up, you're, a tough cookie, um friends. Did you hear about the spider-man I have her story? What's the story, then? Do we have the video yeah? Let me cue that up. So there was a child hanging from a balcony and well that's it [Music] [Applause] watch this clip I wonder why didn't that guy yank him up cuz, he had a hand on him. Third guy in the balcony, yeah yeah yeah, it's I mean I've. Seen that debate a lot, it's it's it's kind of hard to Dan, you're, quiet, I'm, sorry, I turned it down for the video um yeah, it's kind of I think there's like a barrier there. So he's like afraid. You know, I'm surprised the kind of strength the whole yeah. That's what I was thinking too [ __ ] well, either way that guy is unbelievable here. Oh man yeah. So now is action. Now he's called the spider-man of this century and um they're gonna give him citizenship because that's Odell would that happen America? Do you think somehow I don't think that would happen? Do we even have the ability to be like hey, you're, a citizen, good job? What's the legality of that either way? I love, it god bless the French um. The next story is about the televangelist who we talked about before he. He had the whole story about him, wanting a private jet yeah and now he wants to upgrade the private jet or what wouldn't a new one, and he basically said that he wants his followers to pay for it right. Of course, it cost fifty four million dollars fair and his reasoning was that if Jesus was here, would he want to travel in like a shitty airplane, with no room for the legs seriously? Yeah, that's serious yeah. It is, and he said he said- it'd be on an airplane preaching the gospel all over the world. What is he just walking down on the earth below huh? You know I mean. Apparently it says here, it's his fourth plane yeah. What a [ __ ] dick you know, yeah Oh. What didn't Jesus want a fly. First class, it's like bra. Do you understand anything about Jesus for planes, so he did clarifies 54 million. You could yeah. So many people with that. How much II airplanes cost that's a lot of money. Well, it's like the craziest private jet. You can buy it's not just like a starter kit, no yeah, and you did say that he's not keeping all four of them he's good. He passes them so now he only has one currently in his possession, but he wants to pass this one and get the new one like an iPhone. You wants the new iPhone it that's now. That's that's a that's! A man of God he's, sharing the wealth he's passing down. Who is he passing down the jet? Still? How do you get even with that? Where was it he said somewhere I think it was other ministries- oh god, plus god bless Rhett. What's his name Jesse Duplin dupes in his name for Christ's sake, Dhupia Duplin, reverend Duplin. Can I please? Oh there's also video he made in response today to the backlash, the guy. If you can call it, you got the vid, thank god us friends. I guess you've noticed all right. Why doesn't he go? You know. The whole thing is being said about me concerning this plane. First thing I want to say this: they never started the story. His idea is T. Thurs was I, wanted to be completely honest and friends like you, who's supportive. This religious person I started it. They did not how he's God? By being honest, so you'd know that I've owned three planes. I, don't have four planes right now: I don't have a 50 different planes. Okay I've had it for 12 years this wild that's a long way away, because we believe in God for the 7x to come in now. What's so amazing about this, we had a partner right. Man I think it's really wonderful and I'd like to read what he said. He said I'm a long time following for it. Your ministry I'm disturbed by the huge volume of negative press. You are getting reporting you're, trying to dupe followers and do complain, I'm sure, there's a lot more to the story. I'm not looking for a lengthy explanation, but can you help me figure out what to say to people who say you are doing wrong? That is a great thank you for say that first thing. First I've never raised money for the plane. I put it in our magazine and said believe not with me. It's a vast difference between believing me and asking for money. I takes money to run anything, that's common, sorry, but believing God was some people. Don't believe that when I say the Lord said it so I'm gonna say because I believe it. He said you don't need to raise money for this. This will just come now. I've raised money for a lot of other things and there's nothing wrong with that, because religious organizations do that, but this one he said this one will just come. Little did I realize that people would pick this story up, and you know when you start picking up a story. People start adding things to it, taking things away things of that nature and it gets all mixed up because it again this is coming. This is the truth here, because I'm, the one that's turned here by first I've, always believed in you and you've always believed in me. Many of you know that I preached a 106 million households in the United States of America. Our total outreach of our ministry is fine. People get a load of this. This is the spitting image of like a fake-ass religious person. Everything's gilded he's got white shiny ass teeth here, trying to defend his decision to buy 50 million dollar playing with congregation money. A preacher Duplin can I. Please can I get a lot for that jet bye can I get an amen for my jet. You know, Jesus wouldn't walk the earth with a donkey yeah. He said that he says Jesus, you think Jesus would write a donkey, no he'd be first-class yeah. That's basically what he said: that's not the Jesus that I think I know, but you're more touched. He said. Actually many people hold Jesus to be a simple, humble guy, but truthfully he [ __ ]. He drinks, and you know he rides first-class. So that's why I do it? Jesus Jesus had the new pair of Yeezys. Let me tell you, and he was all decked out in off-white and Gucci, so imma be needin. That 50 million I might need that 50 million to preach that good word, but cannot get a Amen No next up, Bob G is suing for tonight for coffee right sore loser. If you ask me, mmm we've talked about it before, but I guess now it's happening. So what are the details? What exactly are what they're saying is that for tonight didn't have the battle royale mode only until like they saw that pop G was that a violation I honestly, don't see how it could, because it's not probably doing an event, but it's that broad of a lawsuit like I mean I mean that's just like you can't it's like trying to copyright reaction, videos yeah what happened with the rack brothers. It's so pathetic! Guys, stop like I! Don't think anyone would look at this and be like you know what stop dude? It's you invented a genre cool, sadly invented well, no okay. So the mod Brendan green was on our show yeah. He invented the battle royale format. As far as I understand in his previous game. Hmm, he invented it in a mod of a previous game. Then he made a full game. Pub G surround about that mod and then blue hole bought it and they made pub G together. But there were other battle: royale games, no I'm, not a hundred percent sure he may have entered. He may have invented the genre, but I mean what you--what like half my like. That's like saying you know, Wolfenstein or doom Sonic is a ripoff of mario, like whoo yeah like what you know, Mario owns platfor gamers I, don't want the first three two shooter I think goes: Wolfenstein I, don't know, but it's like saying: Oh doom ripped us off yeah, it's the same company. Your point stands right. Sure: okay, I I, specifically don't like this because it stands in the way of innovation. It's like yeah yeah. Let the world move on. You know what I mean your competition should be run by who makes the best game. Pudgy's player ship has been dropping off like steadily because listen the game, it's it's. It's been static, you guys don't make it better. You guys, don't my ears bleed when I play it I've literally get hearing damage when I play it. It's not fun was he involved in the h1z1. Yes, that was his [ __ ] right. That was as long as the model that one was a donor regional, so he, and so he invented it, but when I yeah the problem is when you try to not allow anyone else to just curious like is there some more specific? Well anyway? Whatever what I understand that is it. That is what the lawsuit is about. I I don't like it. I, really don't like it mmm. By the way the game is different. Enough I play both. You know. The mechanics of 49 is completely different than the mechanics of pubsey. There are two very different games: mm-hmm yeah. The whole building thing in fortnight is like completely absent from pub G yeah. The way that you played that two games are entirely different, it's just I, don't know it's wack. What else we got next up is in Ukraine there was a fake death and that they staged. Basically, a Russian journalist was somehow they figured out that they put like a hit on him. Russians put a hit on this Ukrainian journalist, I, think he's actually Russian brain fake, the murder okay. So it's a Russian exile living in Ukraine that they were trying to kill right thanks, okay, and so they wanted him dead and I. Guess he knew it, and then they decided that the best way to solve this whole situation was to fake his death, that's great and then catch the basically they put any hit on him, so they faked his death and then they asked the person who was gonna, kill him to say that he did it and once he said that they would, they would pay him right, because there was like a hit on him, even though he didn't do it. He would pretend to to say that he was the guy who killed him and once he was gonna get the money. They had proof that there was someone that was willing to pay for his death. Doesn't make sense. Not really, then do you want to explain it well from what I understand? It's that you know they knew of this guy that had supposedly was offering money to kill this guy, and so one of the people. He had offered money to betrayed him. He that that was the guy that, like alerted this journalist to it and everything, and so he played along in this whole ruse. He he said yeah oh I killed the guy and they announced it in the news and the dude. Was they hired the guy who was paying? Who paid this fake assassin right? They they hauled him in this plot, and so how about that yeah and then the guy came to pay up he's like hey thanks for often this guy, here's, here's a hundred, grand or however much it was they came and arrested. Him got him sting sting operation, that's crazy! That's some James, Bond [! __ ], yeah well, Danny shows up in like there's a video right. Ah, let me see that you've got a video of him showing up from the dead. The no that's crazy, no sound! Is there sound, there's no sound on this one cuz, it's one of those stupid people. Ideas like I got the original that guy's got the most Russian looking face, I've ever seen in my life. If I can say that a little bit yeah no I got vetoed on that. You know all right. This, isn't it very interesting without any sound cool, that's pretty wild. That was hard to explain, but interesting. Snoop Dogg set a Guinness record for Jane and juice plus they made the biggest gin and juice drink. Snoop Dogg made the biggest gin and juice drink. Oh, we have got a video. Oh, that is a big one. [Applause] Snoop Dogg is giving us just another reason to love him. The 46 year old, rap legend helped cry yeah, that's a big-ass chin in g1. They got a whole audience for this [ __ ] I can do that. I can get a big-ass glass and put a bunch of gin juice in it called together. Like 2030 pointed out his the straw has a watermelon garnish like an entire watermelon, that's dope. Oh, they crossed the line. Even mmm, god bless - peace out you Snoop Dog's the best he's out there. You know what I mean he's active, he's breaking World, Records I, can't think of a better thing to do with my time to make the biggest Jin [ __ ] ever and get a whole crowd together for it. You know mmm I, can't think of anything better to do really by the way Warren G was also there. Of course, he was German, Zoo escaped lions, tigers and jaguars caped a zoo and a bear, and then they captured them. Apparently it was part of like there was a flawed, and that was the reason it happened, but it just sounds so funny like two lions, two tigers and a jagger escaped the zoo, not ostriches, not not monkeys, predators, alpha, predators, whoops and did anyone get hurt? Did anything happen? The bear did right. Yeah was it? What kind of bear was it I'm, not sure it just says that a bear also escaped, but um they shot him that for some reason, here's some footage of the flood. This is this is why it happened right here. Oh [, __, ], first, your city, floods and now you got Tigers on the prowl for your ass and they're, probably hungry too whoops. Okay, Sue's be crazy. Am I right Sue's keep a track of your animals. Am I right people right pound it keep. Those last story was no effects. The band, oh yeah, had said some crazy, [, __ ] about the Vegas shooting so and what he got into trouble. What I wanted to say was you know what I'm, not even gonna, say it I'm, not even gonna. Go there I, just I when I saw this I record I was like there's been a lot of people talking about certain things to be an offensive. I saw this and I was like now. That's offensive. Um well word the stuff. They said, for example, good they were, they did a show in Vegas and they just kept going on and on about the in regards to the Vegas shooting they're like at least those fans were country fans are not in Vegas good yeah I'm, not saying that to a Vegas audience, man about that Vegas shooting at least they weren't. At least they were country fans and not punk rock fans and what he said it to be exact was I. Guess you only get shot in Vegas. If you are in a country band or they also said we played a song about Muslims and we didn't get shot hurry play. Those are the quotes of it. I know there's clips at least they were country, friends and no Punk. Is there no clips I'm trying to find the cell phone footage? It's pretty bad, but alright, and then there was a bunch of they lost. Some really big sponsor that was gonna, do a festival with him and they they apologized on their social media, Facebook Twitter and oh they're. Thinking of like an even better apology, I saw a video that was like really brutal. Ah, all right, whatever we don't, have it yeah, so that's it! That's all we got um. What do we do? We have anyone coming next week on the show? No not yet, but we've got some great big ass guests coming I will let you know when we figure out who those great big ass gets. Are we know uh? Well, you said that tom is coming Thompson. You are next and then I think it's the week after that we've got I know it's two weeks after that uh Chris D'elia. It's coming in very excited for that yeah that should be fun and then Bobo is coming in yeah. We got bo burnham, I, believe the week after that you really yeah, there's July 6th item and July 6th. We got Bo Burnham and on Monday evening we were gonna, be I, don't know if this does Bobbie livestream his podcast. That's a good question. Well, either way we're never caught. It live yeah, well, night, yeah, I'm, not sure, either way we're gonna be doing that on Monday we just posted a new video on h3. If you guys haven't seen it a lot of fun there, there's some new t-shirts on Teddy fresh, can check him out and that's about it guys, thanks for bearing with us. This was a steady decline, it got, it was started bad, it got good and then it just steady decline. Maybe that's the way to do it either way. Thank you for watching. We will be here next week. Shredder is literally pulling up the carpet. Yeah shredders, like let me the hell out of here guys have a great weekend love you thanks for sticking around wish you the best Tata appreciate you all the great things in the world. The best to you, love happiness and so much more everything you ever desired. A beautiful tailpipe to put your dick in a butthole fleshlight, a hot mom, whatever it is in your heart's desire this weekend, I hope you attain it with that being said, I am gonna enjoy this weekend. I know I will either you can enjoy this weekend. Yup Dan, oh yeah and oh yeah, he's back on the conic forum, so he's gone, making a new PowerPoint guys we'll see you next week. Thank you for watching top of less [Music] [Music] you [Music].