[Music] welcome everybody to another episode of the h3 podcast la that's right. We are back and we are streaming on YouTube we come over. You can give a shot and see what it feels like, because we've never actually watched from the showing you know the congressman lives here. So I thought it would be a fun experience to see how the experience differs just to mix it up a little bit. Keep you on your toes. Today's episode is sponsored by hims, blue apron and expressvpn ela. You are looking by the way working down. Are we live, we're live but I think you're watching this on Twitch, you can do a pre-show el escape that I never want to go back. That was the sound of hell. Was it okay? If you go through hell, that's why you heard you much. That is eternal death. Well, it's really different between the two, because on twitchy of 30 minutes to just [ __ ] around, why you a stream because we take it off, we cut it and put it on YouTube. Here you live stream in the bud, just wherever it lives there shall we be buried, there's no take-backs here. So it's a little more stressful I'm, a little more on edge. You know, there's no take-backs, there's no starting over like if I slip a couple racial slurs on twitch, it can be like hey, let's maybe cut the slurs Ethan, not that that happens. This happens so many times, people don't know if, as we cut it, actually a huge I'm, hugely racist, but we have good editors. Oh there's so much to get to today. I'm actually really supported a show. We have a ton of new stuff we're trying, including our first ever live performance musical. We have completely pimped out the back room. We have chaos, chaos which is really wonderful, I would say. Indie rock I feel like that's a good yeah descript there, uncredible I can't wait for you guys to hear them. They're gonna be playing at the bottom of the show. We are going to talk about my social media detox talking about logan paul, getting a bisecting me from chris d'elia on twitter. He straight-up snipped his tubes, and I know you guys don't like me talking about logan paul, because I do talk about him a lot, but give me a [ __ ] break it's the he's humiliated himself so hard. How am I not supposed to talk? He gave him a prostate exam, any snipped, his tubes, all in one move, I! Dare you to find an ass doctor that can do that [, __ ] finger in and I'm telling you Chris D'elia is an incredible surgeon. What else that's about it? Let's get right now flip into it. So you guys probably know that I was we. We were taking a week break. We, where we weren't using social media for a full week, seven days pretty much well, it was a big, a stave. A keishon and I had just got this feeling that I was wasting so much [ __ ] time on all these social medias. It was the first thing. I would do you know in the morning you it when you catch yourself, it's so bad when you catch yourself going for that phone, like your eyes, open and like even before your first thought or impulse to pee enters your head. The phone is the first impulse, that's sick, yeah. The first thing: I'll do Instagram right and I'm, not even active I, barely post on rice to go yeah but I'll scroll down every morning for like an hour, everybody listening probably knows about this impulse that we all have for me. It's Facebook I, never use it, but I've been using that website for so frickin long. It was my first social media that alt when I open a browser I will inflexibly without thinking start typing Facebook, and it's so [ __ ] up and these days I'll still do it just from like, must remember, but I'll close it immediately, because I don't want that [, __, ], so iced, and not only the time-wasting but also I, feel like it was making me unhappy because you're always thinking about all these other people, you're worrying about all these other people. What they're doing yeah you know, everyone else is having so much fun right and they look so good, making amazing good [, __ ] yeah. It's like everything else, looks so good and then you sort of feel this sadness, yeah and and you're not living in the physical world. Your head is in you're just consumed by all this [ __ ], but you don't even think about what's in front of you, people are in front of you every you know the physical world and I have this feeling to that spending so much time on social media actually impairs my thoughts. I feel like I, don't think as clearly or as freely, because it literally just is. It is a distraction you and your own social media you're, not thinking about [ __ ]. So it's almost like you know in brave new world. They give you these caps, so you can't think yeah. It's kind of what Twitter is in a weird way. You know I, don't know because I used to love Instagram, but now Instagram is just as depressing as all your wife Facebook about it right ruin everything. So let me tell you about how my week was um. So all throughout the week first of all, I was I had to erase YouTube and Twitter and Instagram off my phone first of all, because you just catch yourself, aimlessly clicking open the tab mm-hmm and you look at it for a second before you realize, like oh [, __ ] I'm not supposed to be doing this, but that's too much yeah. So it was really a beautiful thing. When I erased it off, my phone I would go to look for it out of memory and then I'd be like that's right. It's not there. So I feel like that. Step was super important first of all, but the thing first of all that I realized was like how much free time you have like I'll wake up in the morning and I'll I'll, wake up at 8:00 a.m. and all without thinking about it literally waste two [ __ ] hours on my phone on reddit reddit is a bad one. I didn't visit reddit at all, either reddit or Twitter of all these guys, yeah yeah, you so I'll. Wake up at 8 a.m. and I grab my phone I'm like I'll, go to like a news site and see the headlines and like well I can't [ __ ] around on a news page for two hours. So then I'm just stuck with myself, so I ended up doing all this [ __ ], like I, fixed some exercise machine think about [ __ ], put on put on TV watch a show which is something so crazy. I like I might I, don't have time to watch. My favorite show I'm, so [ __ ] busy, meanwhile you're late, you're wasting two hours every morning, so I put on a show, you know or I'll put on a video game by the way beat got award. Yeah fantastic was the last time. I beat a video game. Yeah fantastic ela hated that Sun. It's like I'm alone in the house. There's no one to talk to Ethan cannot get up. He cannot help. You can't walk shredder, he's paralyzed, it's like being alone but ucation. Let me play my game. Woman I hate it. Okay! Well, that's that's a conversation for another time, I loved that game. So much I recommend everyone play God work. It was a ton of fun. The storytelling was breathtaking and if you have a significant other they'll love it well they'll love that they love it. I guess the fact that almost means that you love me that we have a good relationship right yeah, because if you hated me you'd be like play your game, no I hate being like alone and then I'm. Like so lonely. The [ __ ] was I saying so god I lost my train of thought from the God of War. What were you talking about the time and you watch the show right so I would turn on a television show and I would really enjoy watching a documentary or a movie or a show that I like, and you know classically when we were kids TV was thought to be the biggest time waster of all time and I'm thinking. They're. Thinking like this is not a bad activity because to consume telev to consume media. In that way you have to be at home. You have to be in a physical location. You have to have the time set aside to sit there if it's 2 or 3 hours or whatever you have to be there and you have to have that time allotted for it, yeah and you're, taking in a creative work of something or somebody there's some value there right. Somebody poured a lot of soul and energy into creating that now. If you compare that to social media, okay, social media has taken time wasting procrastination to levels never before seen, because you have in your pocket the ability to waste time anywhere. Any [ __ ], where you are, you can blow an hour no problem and here's the part that really gets you. It there's nothing of value there. Nothing. A television show is a beautiful work of art, the blood, sweat tears and creative vision of hundreds of people. Social media is nothing. Are you telling me that Logan Paul is not putting out creative all right on Twitter tweeting? Well, there's some debate: there's some division be out there, I'm being hyperbolic. Of course, you must carve out a space for Logan Paul with everything you talk about, but like there is nothing of value lost. If you're off Twitter for a week, you lose nothing. It's just. You know what I mean. That's that's ten hours of your life in the physical plane of existence, so the first two days were hard. I was kind of anxious and the thing is you feel out of the loop. You know mm-hmm the really hard one for me was not going on reddit, but that one was really important to to not to, and you feel you're missing out on stuff, like apparently Kanye and Justin roiland we're tweeting at each other and we're gone dates. We got updates in a group chat about that one, but like don't yeah, the worst was ready. Cuz I get my news from there, but I just went on like a news website and got it there and you death. Taking five minutes. Yeah you, you really. You feel like you're missing so much but you're. Not if there's a big headline you hear about it on the radio you hear about it, everybody from friends yeah, like people used to Nome and is a Island you're, not you're, not disconnected if you're, not a reddit, there's people that don't use reddit, believe it or not. I. Actually, don't really. You know from that. What I'll check the subreddit sometimes, but are you [, __, ], crazy, I, love, reddit, so much it's a problem, but it turns into all the other social medias I'll go to reddit and I start scrolling and what happens is you're getting a dopamine kick like when you do a drug, a reward system that, like that on all social media and it's harder and harder to get that satisfaction of like oh I love this post, that's just what I was looking for and I'll go to Reddit and I'll scroll for pages and pages until I find something I'm like that. Was you know what I mean I skimmed that [ __ ] so hard now anyway? I'm now that I'm back I kind of begrudgingly reinstalled, all the apps on my phone I didn't want to because I felt just like mm-hmm so blissful, but it's kind of weird for us cuz. It's also kind of work yeah to to tweet and post and stuff like that, like I, have to fresh and yeah just to be present. Oh yeah, it is important, I think what I'm gonna try doing as much as possible is just doing a post and then getting out mm-hmm I mean no. You know everyone's I just gotta get out and no offense to anyone. Who's, making bomb ass, tweets out there, I just need to get out I, don't think it's healthy. What we're doing to ourselves- and then this brought me to another question that I had for myself I'm thinking we used to goof on this guy Prince yeah, who made this video like look up from your phone as super dramatic and corny and I used to be like you know this guy he's talking, [ __ ] on phones like shut up just don't you your phone and I used to blast this guy say he's such a nerd and I was like wait, am I like what's the difference between me now, because my morale I'm saying that I, don't think so show me is good for me. It really took it's like right. It took us like a couple of days. We were like wait. Well, we were making fun of him and now we're like them. I need to reassess that because I still feel like the correlation is not exact. Yeah I, don't know if I'm in denial, you know what I mean well, let's watch the video, because let me refresh some you guys's memory. This is what we're talking about here. Let me pull this up where the flippin heck here it is down at his self. Did you know the average person spends four years of his life looking down at a cellphone, you get that I, don't know alright the bad like alright, alright I'm, just gonna, let it play I'ma. Let you guys watch this it's hard for me not like I agree with them, I think now, but let's watch the vid, but it's the way they like their music. Did you know that average person spends four years this video came out like four years ago I mean people were only using social media heavily for like four years. It wasn't as bad as it is today when he made the video. So what's the office yeah where's, your head of his time right I will never give him credit, but let's be honest about it. That's why I brown, okay, nice touch screens, can make us like this. Is the [ __ ] see what he's doing is like well, what he's doing is like when so I don't believe that I think what I'm talking about is like somebody on a toilet taking a [, __ ] vibe on Twitter when we go to dinner or anyone today goes to dinner. Do you not open your phone, but is that a problem between relationships like she's there like seriously dude I, just want to live my life? I? Guess that's! That's a problem that he taught like the problems with the relationship. The problem is with everybody everybody's doing it. You don't have a problem, no everybody's, doing it right, it's the from you and yourself. He was speaking the problem with his video I'm. Not let it play for you guys, yeah. But let me just say this I think the problem with this video is that he's speaking to this, like these enlightened few, who are like I, see the problem. I have a flip phone I only use Nokia's from 1993 I'm enlightened, like, unlike all my plebeian scumbag friends, he was an iPhone [ __ ] peasant [ __ ] I'm on a higher plane of existence. It's funny cuz. We used to kind of be like that for a while, like we didn't, have a smartphone when everyone else did remember for, for the longest time our plane of existence, all the car videos were better, but eventually you got to get that smartphone I! Think it's the coming from that place of like authority of like we know we are enlightened and we see the problem with the world. They don't. They are the problem. It's like it's like the vegans who give vegans bad rap because they're like right, preachy about it yeah you need to look up like we were at. We were actually at a restaurant this week, which rather outside sitting and a lady, came to me and she was like you're eating here and I'm like yeah, and she was like. You know you shouldn't like there's no difference between what you're eating and and like she pointed at shredder yeah, and it's like you know you make maybe you're making a good point but like why I don't know, leave me alone the reluctant to be like that's fine point, but at the same time, do you do this to everybody you see with the dog who's eating and I am approached a conversation with you and like I'm, trying to having lunch right now which I'm trying to live. My life, you [ __ ], move on please, but the thing that you don't erst and is that she's on a higher plane of enlightenment? Okay, like you, can't possibly understand the vast intellect that her and this guy they looking down from like Mount Olympus, and you can't possibly understand, did you know that that people waste four years of their life on their phones? You know by the time someone seven years old, they've wasted six years of their life on their phone. Do the math? No, not four hours. You said four years Oh me wait, let's well four hours! Isn't that drastic? Definitely yeah? That's what I have for years did you know? Did you know that when somebody turns five they've already wasted four years of their life on their phony law, that's pretty rough. It will shock you, but if only they could ascend to God like enlightenment, they wouldn't understand if only they could flip their collar. Like me, Prince idea, it's the colour-pop. You can't get on here on your soapbox and expect me to not to take you seriously with the collar pop like that, and why do you got to go stand on the pier you know beyond that? It's like that you is wearing all white on the beach. It's like I'm, a saint yeah, I'm, Jesus Christ, there's a problem there. The real setting should be a dude on the [, __, ] or dude, who just woke up a bed. That's where people waste the time right, like give me a [, __ ] break while you at the pier all right. Let's watch this [ __ ] Oh, Ronnie Gainey. Why are you doing this like? What are you doing? What do you? What do you he's just he's just so stoked with all the beautiful thoughts he's having right now kind of ironic in it like just it's just I, don't know: can we autocorrect humanity by the way all right, I just need to let this play I'm getting too riled up nice little play all right here we go Prince I had these touch screens can make us lose touch setting, but it's no wonder in a world filled with IMAX, iPad and iPhone, so many I, so many selfies, not enough us, isn't we see technology has made us more selfish and separate than ever, because, while it claims to connect this connection has gotten no better I. Don't know that. That's the re right he's talking about, like oh we're, disconnected social media, but I actually disagree with that. I think people are more connected. That's true, I, don't know if it's a healthy kind of connection. You know what I mean I, don't know that you need your mom. You shouldn't be that closely connected. We're too connected I think he's wrong. All right, I'ma shut up just watch not to be rude. You should mr. Zuckerberg not to be rude, but I think you should really kill yourself when that be a great twist. Mr. Zuckerberg I don't want to be rude, but your address is 1. 1, 4, 3, Silver, Lake and I am on the way with a weapon Oh too much. That's just a joke he's not really but yeah too much tone it down. God, I wish I could edit that one out, antisocial, Network I, think he's wrong about that. I think I, don't know, he's more he's more he's missing on the wrong parts, he's more interested in sounding smart and looking like anyone know this. You know what I mean: okay I think we've seen enough, but maybe on friendships are more broken in the squeeze on off every phones. We sit home or not not to be rude. Mr. Zuckerberg, but I do have somebody trailing you and your family we've taken pictures of you and your window every night and I don't mean to be rude. Mr. Zuckerberg, but I am a dangerous man and I did pass a background check recently I've just interesting. If that was the poem just putting a twist on it, knowing those that, like us, they'd, rather write post and talk to someone who might actually hope might actually hug us and make you tell me cuz, you tell me cuz mr. Zuckerberg, are you just a Borg and furthermore, my caller be popping by the way? You know that today this guy is on his phone all day, bro this [ __ ] guy is hustling so hard on social media. Taking his views, that's right! Huh um! Can we autocorrect human. We autocorrect your YouTube channel, there's that irony but yeah. There is that irony of trying to take down. So she may think it's like you said. The problem is that he's doing it from like the perspective like I'm, better yeah I see the problem, so it's you yeah. Okay, we've seen enough I love. This video, though, should I keep watch I'm gonna, keep watching I, don't give a [ __ ] I love this video. This video is a classic I said: alright. Alright, what time do you wanna, Skype I, guarantee that summer things you never have? That is the dumbest. What time you want to Skype, let's meet up face to face what time you want to Skype come on. I got a front like that happened. Look at the anguish she's in right. Now. My friend wanted to Skype. He was the friend. What about me? Do I not have the patience to have a conversation without abbreviation this is the generation of media over stimulation. Chats have been reduced to snaps. The news is 140 characters, videos at 6 seconds and high-speed, and you wonder why a DD is on the rise faster than 4G LTE, but get a load of this fly. Though oh yeah, your shirt, is still relatable to relatable yeah yeah, just I wish had a fat Grateful Dead, caller yeah that'd be sick, I guarantee you a human has more attention span than a goldfish. If you're able to test that Prince EA I know kind of labs you're working in. Did you know that by the time a child is too years old, they've wasted 20 years of their life on the ocean, they've literally never looked up from their phone, it's crazy! What's going on today, you know it's so like this reminds me of our tech video we made, but it's literally a parody of this video. Yes, but this one, my friends, we cannot autocorrect, we must do it ourselves. Take control, be contracted, make a decision make a scene. No longer do. I want to spoil the precious moment by recording it with a fire. I get it yeah I got it Prince, a so I, don't know I, don't think so I think I don't. Maybe I am maybe I. Maybe he was ahead of the time. I don't know I, just can't I can't put it in my head that me and that guy are on the same page. On this you know I mean that's their approach, it's the approach yeah, so he was right. Well, can we autocorrect humanity? Are you saying that no I don't know that I can say that he was completely right? No, no! No! No I think we should art. We actually have a call coming in from herb from Las Vegas who has something to share about social media, Colin yeah. Let me uh. Let me patch it through one sec. Basically, I think that I'm Otto correcting humanity by not going on Twitter I, think what I'm doing I'm, calling it the autocorrect movement, Oh and so basically I'm enlightened. Are you gonna start a hashtag? No, oh here! What's up you got a way for us because I was born. When you know Billy addictions I got it. You know I used to smoke. My wife made me quit. You know. I had all these things, stop it right bit because I was hurt, but my biggest of all was every night. I would crawl into bed and I would look my wife at the eyes and she would let me suck on her teeth, but one day it was a I. Don't know it is not bad, but one day she got sick with her. You say: whooping cough she was whooping, whooping whooping they had to go to. The hospital was dying. Almost that is tragic, but okay. What thank you for calling in so herb? What do you think about Twitter I've used Twitter? Do you think it's a problem with today's society? How about Ian did you screen? This I was thean supposed to screen the calls to make sure they're on message, but I don't so you tell me more about sucking your wife's tit and, and she was lactating at the time. That sounds like a really awful a dictionary. Thank you. Thank you. We can cut herb off well, I'm, sorry about that. I was an interesting guy. Yeah I have a talk with Ian. He said this guy had a good question: huh I apologize huh. That was a how old do you think F was man he's barely hanging on earth I wish I liked herb though I feel like he has he kind of twisted up on side of its head, because we're here we're thinking about social media and I'm, saying let's live in the physical world mm-hmm and what herbs is doing by sucking on his wife's. You know what sounded like infected Ted. He said, yellow no, it's kind of a wake-up call to all of us that there's a lot to offer in this physical realm that we all live in. So we have got a ton more to get to my dudes, so much freakin content, okay, we're gonna, go to a brief break, don't go! We are trying something new. We broke it, each commercial break into one read: okay! So we're not talking about some ten-minute block. It's a quickie is a great people. I want you to buy this product. Get your wallets out. I don't know, do whatever you want, but just don't. Leave. Okay, we'll be right! Back love! You guys thanks for watching, then we're not leaving we'll be right back. Thank you to hims for sponsoring us. 66% of men go fricking bald by age, 35! That's insane! That is unbelievable! Is that true? Well, if they wrote it yeah? Well, they lie to me. But if you take a sample of the office like in and Dan are both are thinning. So that's a 50%, so my my study alone in this office is 50%, thinning hair. Why you gotta call my I mean it's a matter of fact: I'm, not calling him out you just you! Look at him. You just like your hair is thinning I. Don't think that they would be offended that I would say that it's a matter of fact. It's like. Oh, you were yeah you're Jewish. Oh sorry, that I offended you it's just I'm. Looking at you and you've got a GE ass face. You don't actually I got you don't have a Jew ass face. I! Do let's get to the point hems! Alright, it's easier to keep the damn here that you've got than to do all kinds of shenanigans after it's already gone. Why do you guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when they can turn to medicine and science and keep that beautiful, luscious head of hair before it's too late for hems calm, a one-stop shop for hair loss and skin care for men thanks to science, baldness can be optional. Hems connects you with real doctors to treat hair loss. Well, they got a well known generic generic equivalent to name-brand prescriptions to help. You keep your hair answer a few quick questions. Doctors were what the hell doctors will review and can prescribe you. Products are shipped directly to your door. Dan our producer suffers from crippling brutal baldness and he's got a personal story to tell he has a personal anecdote that he'd like to share come in he's been on hems for about a week now, and things are just one day. Actually he started he just this morning and things have really shaping up for dance in that time. Dan the producer dr. sward Love has he walked down the street and how many women were to give you a blow like how many people just touched. Your dick there's, two dozen it's two dozen 24 [ __ ] just did you get it? Did you get any and GJ's yeah? Did you get any DJ? Stop bragging stop bragging about another week, guys order. Now my listeners get a free, dang trout for just fun. Well, it's not a free trial. It's five dollars, not free five dollars, but it's practically free to look like this right now. While supplies last see website for full details, this would cost hundreds if you went to a doctor or pharmacy so go to for hims, calm, /h, 3, fo, r, hims, dot-com, slash age, 3, 4, episode, Cobb, slash age 3. Keep that beautiful head of hair, get your dick sucked by some [ __ ] cuties. That love here is that I don't know that helped you hope that helped you will get back right into it. Welcome back my little dumplings can that beer clan rank of the clan the clown sounds bad. It sounds like including the klu klux klan ruined the clan. In my opinion, like hitler ruined the name, hitler and the mustache mm-hmm you can't be like hey were the clan, it's like. What do you do? What do you guys do? What does your clan do? If not it races, [ __, ] um next Friday he'll is gone she's, going on a last-minute trip to Israel to visit the family yeah yeah, my dad is still fighting the lung cancer mm-hm and so just trying to make it out there as much as I. Can you know it's hard good? It's such a long flight little a 20-hour trouble yeah, that's the worst, but so I do plan on getting like super trash that both stood when she's gone and just starting [ __ ] with anyone that will listen pretty much yeah. That's what happened last time just to you know, take the stress off her and make sure that was great last time. I think well, fine I think I'll try to find a co-host, so I'm gonna sit in we'll do something we'll figure something out, but so either will not be here next Friday, but the world will go on and maybe I can get Prince EA in there. You know what I mean he becomes a interesting Colin. Our guest, no I'm sure call wouldn't be great Prince EA Colin, if you're out there I want to get him on the show. I would totally have his s on the show. I want to know how much, how many years of his life he's wasted on social yeah. If he's been keeping count, here's a little story, I had to bring up. You guys probably saw the video we made about the cultural appropriation of the Chinese dress that the girl were from and it's been, it's been a while because we were off the internet, but some lunatic one on the news and was well just listen to this for yourself that were I think she thought were Asian poses, but they were actually vapenation and promoting some youtuber. That is controversial in itself. What she's so like she's like okay? Maybe it's not making fun of Asian people, okay, but the channel that they are and still not, okay, yeah. What is hugely problematic? You don't know me, you crazy, Idol lunatic, like that's the best argument. You've got in defense of cultural appropriation operating, but but I like how she says, I think is controversial on an assumption. Watch you're, not sure, but you're gonna say that it's controversy, like I, went to the channel and it seemed fine but like I, don't have a lot of time. I'm sure they've said something problem. So let's just go with that. You know he's a racist he's, a bigot, he hates black people and he's wasted. At least thirty years of his life on social media, though, what do you get? Do you guys? Remember we clowned on this woman before on the podcast? Maybe no, maybe it's personal vendetta. She on the same show with Tucker. She was the woman who thought breastfeeding was sexist yeah. Maybe she's got a you know what there you know. Fox News does because they like such partisan, hacks like seeing as apart they're all partisan hacks. They get like the dumbest person ever to represent animals right cartoons- okay, well, here's Carol, our kooky liberal correspondent I think that everything's, racist I'm, [, __, ], crazy and I own five cats I mean ten cats. I, don't use my phone at all. She looks nuts get a load of that man I'd like to see her in a Chinese dress, not in a sexual way. I don't mean it like that. I. Just like that, she's she's saying that she has no idea what they're doing in the picture right, but it's still problematic I admit that the grey hands they're doing isn't cultural appropriation and they are not making fun of Asian culture. However, it's still offensive because they're doing a Papa blessed and, as we all know, a straight story is kind of problematic and I've, already written all their sponsors I've already written to YouTube there we're gonna get them shut down. This is entirely inappropriate and I heard that Ethan once had an improper thought. He once had an improper thought and I could just tell by looking at him. I can obviously tell what he was thinking, but I've reported to the thought: police, aka, YouTube I, don't know whatever I thought that was cute, promoting some youtuber that is controversial in itself and she's praying. What are you even talking about [Laughter] appreciating a culture? That's opposed mocking a culture, nice [, __ ], try dum-dum huh. How do you get from there? What do according to her anytime you're wearing a Chinese dress? You need to be somehow appreciating. How do you appreciate that? How do you know if the person is appreciating you're reading their mind like? How are you gonna know what it that is such a weird argument? Well, she's, just like the biggest loan ever because Fox News they did like casting calls they. They interviewed, like thousands of people, to find this perfect. Liberal kook, you know didn't mean damn. That's some nutty [ __ ]. No wonder FoxNews listeners hate! Liberals! They see people like this all day. I would hate him too. If this is this, should I wash. That was the most Oh coherent thought. Maybe statement I've ever heard. Look at her face. Even she knows that was not my name either she wouldn't dare drop. My name I, don't want to give him the satisfaction of me even saying he's controversial I love that there's a Papa John culture, I, wouldn't even say his name. She if she would want it to be respecting Chinese culture, she would have been giving praise to Panda Express. This is so inappropriate. We need to this. Is the pot the Panda Express? They would have been appreciating Panda Express if they were gonna appreciate, Chinese culture, I, don't know what she wants, but I love her and I wish her the best God buzz. You know what I saw Lily sings on Jimmy Kimmel last night, yeah mm-hmm, you guys, probably know her big big, big youtuber. She does impressions of her parents, other stuff and I, just love how, whenever a youtuber new media personality goes on like a traditional media platform, they're, always so condescending and I, don't even think that Jimmy's like conscious of it, but it's always like hey fella, hey little guy how'd you get here or they always have to make like they have to go. The extra step of being like I, invited you here, because my daughter's a huge fan I just wanted to remind you that I didn't invite you here on your merit alone, yeah and I. Don't want any of my viewers to think that I actually watch your stuff. Here's a couple clips of Jimmy talking to Lily sings how the hell do you even answer that question it's so stupid? Had you become so popular on YouTube? Tell me about what you do. Is it a hobby? How do you make money? Do you make money on YouTube how'd you become so popular. Aren't you great? Can you imagine asking Jimmy? How did you get how'd you get here, mm-hmm, so you're the late-night show host how'd that happen. That's so great how'd you get so popular on YouTube and I. Don't know! That's a big question. It was kind of a shame because I'm, a Jimmy Kimmel fan but I got it he's part of the establishment. The question was pretty lame. You're such a cutie pie you're such a sweetheart how'd. You get popular what'd, you do you do like uh, you make like like jokes or you like vlog, or what do you like make vlogs? That's so cool you get in view. You get money you get paid for just posting videos, Wow Wow. That is incredible. How did you? How did you afford this uh? How did you afford this? First lady orange jumpsuit that looks expensive? They pay you on YouTube. Here's another clip I hate that it's so good, meaning like just imagine somebody being like how'd you get here Jimmy or like any [ __ ] she's, also promoting a movie, but imagine anyone else is like a like a beginning actress on the first time, when a movie, imagine him asking how cute you get. That would be so rude. Did you get that job? It's unbelievable! Oh yeah, the other one. It's funny. They were promoting a movie and he didn't even mention the movie or show the clip. It was a strangest promotional segment of all time. Okay, so now you're in this HBO movie, which is very very exciting, oh boy, it's really rare I think that somebody will make the leap from YouTube to like HBO, which is about as good as it gets right. It's pretty cool I mean how'd, you how'd, you do that, so you made it from YouTube to HBO that never happens. Hbo is about as good as it gets much better than from how'd. That happen. Tell me about that process. Aren't you uh? Aren't you a lucky girl asking a professional athlete Kobe had so how did you get on the NBA lots of hard work? Lots of debt I, don't know how anyone succeeds. Jimmy, it's funny. Jimmy's calm, perfectly cut, not just Jimmy, but all these guys are perfectly comfortable stealing everyone's content on YouTube for a little [, __ ], filler vids. You know what I mean and not giving them any credit. Yeah I see that [ __ ] all the time. It drives me crazy. How'd you get here, so you just make videos and they they pay. You get paid how's that work. You just sit at home. You work from home. Are you in your underwear? Well, you probably don't even get dressed. Tell me about yourself. My daughter loves you I invited you, because my daughter loves you that should just drive me crazy, I've. Seen that a lot yeah, almost literally every time like when Logan Paul, was on Jimmy Kimmel, he specifically went out of his way to say I invited you I made the effort to invite you not like they never say that if a superstar comes up, you know what I mean. Yeah I went out of my way to send you an offer from the graciousness, because I know you got to give love to get love, giving you this huge break, even though you're on YouTube is a big way to go. How'd you get here by the way you just make videos from your home to use a webcam. You have a real camera. That's crazy! Do you buy your own equipment they're using. Did your mom give you a? Did you buzz? It started with Ag like a Christmas gift. Little handheld, you use your phone. You have a real camera. That's terrific good! For you! That's wonderful! That's super I got a beef with in our intern. He has caused me so much [, __, ] grief, yeah, yes get in on the microphone. I need him involved in this. Yes, sir. Yes, sir one moment, sir I think you've got that you're gonna kind of filter on that by the way down, though, how could that happen? I, don't know what you mean here. We got him here. What do you want? Are you there listen closely him I got a bone to pick you son of a gun, so Ian heartbreak? Are you there Ian? Can you hear me? Yes, so his car broke? He just got a new car and it broke down after a couple weeks. It was tragic, so we gave him one of our Prius, which we don't drive that much- and we said, borrow this for the next week and God bless and what he did. We were. He got us a gift card for, like 40 bucks to Sharkey's, Mexican Grill. As a thing and I'll tell you what in this card has been nothing but a [, __ ] curse on my life and I and I am so pissed at you. I've tried to use this card so many, but I've wasted so much money. Trying to use this card. Sharkey I don't want to eat shark I, don't like their food I, don't like anything about Sharky's right now, I've gone there I've gone there three times, I've ordered online. Okay and the card never works and you end up paying for it yourself doesn't happen. Three [ __ ] time. You can't use it online and I'm already to the point of no return where it's like I'm, not gonna, go like do you. Do you know how hard it is to make lunch plans in you. Don't understand how hard it is like yeah I can't go when I'm already at checkout and be like I'm gonna go start over somewhere else. That's [, __ ]! Do you know how hard it is to make lunch plans? Ian I mean I, can imagine okay? Well, you don't make lunch blinds. I mean I've picked up lunch, okay for other people, Ian's never made a lunch plan in his life. Trust me it's hard. Okay! Now I says to myself a couple days ago. Three days ago, we you know what what are we gonna eat for lunch? Let's go to Sharky's I've got this [ __ ] gift card I'm sick of having it, and we were also in a tight window because we had a little make it somewhere else afterwards. So we're like quick we're busy right. We have tight schedules and we don't have a lot of time for lunch plans Ian. So we roll up to Sharky's Neil is outside with the dog. I go I order, our food, whatever you know and I'll tell you what cuz there's 40 bucks on the card? I ordered a little extra [ __ ] that I would never move. Let's just bang it out. I got like a side of co-op and a Greek, and all this [ __ ] and added stuff cuz you're like let's just bang it out, even though I wouldn't pay to ever pay for that. It's on Ian these mother, [ __ ]. They go to me after I place. My order, the system's down! Well, we're gonna try to fix it. So I placed my order. They make the food after like two minutes, because it's not that busy. They put it on the counter. It's right. There are you listening in okay, it's sitting there on the counter. I go to fill up the sauces and they're punching away. People are coming and getting their food, I walk up and say: hey. What's going on we're still working out the kinks we're trying to figure this out ten minutes later, the manager comes out calls up like corporate headquarters, just trying to hit this gift card to work they go. Do you know how much money is on this card? I'm like I, don't know I'm, not you know. The hell do I know like okay, just just sir relax, oh screaming I was throwing sauce at the wall. So after like 20 minutes, the food is [. __, ], cold I go up, I says alright, listen, I I have to go I'm a busy man. I, don't have lunch plant time and they say. Can you use it another day? Can you pay with your car? Yeah I was like you, gotta be [ __ ] kidding me. Do you know how hard I've been trying to use this money? So now I've spent like a hundred and fifty [ __ ] dollars on food. I didn't want over this $40 Sharky's, given not only that they made me wait for 20 minutes. The food is getting cold they're like not giving me the food like. Can you imagine that, like sir, we can't give you the food and then they make me pay and then here's the best part I've had brutal vicious diarrhea synthetic yeah and, like yesterday in the office, I was like Ian I'm, so pissed at you, but I don't want to tell you why it's because I was about to [ __ ], my pants from Sharkies I make food great [, __, ], sharky's [Laughter], and although your gesture was thoughtful in mmm-hmm I'm, so over this card, I'm giving it back to you, I do have to say. When I went to ask for the card they seemed startled. I said you have gift cards in Charlotte shop, Thanks she's, like are you insane, you sure Ian? You should have taken that as a sign. This girl, like no one, has ever I, said I'm. Sorry, this card has given me nothing but grief, and now, as I sit here before you on the verge of [ __ ], my pants on this Friday afternoon, $150 pour I. Want you to take this and I. Want you to try to spend this money I. Dare you to go to Sharky's and try to spend this money and I and I and I promise you in what bow falls. You from this point on is misery, a curse upon you, diarrhea and you're gonna waste a thousand dollars or you get a [ __ ] $1 for this part. Well, you know I appreciate the thought, but my god [Laughter] well I, appreciate the apology in, but some things just can't be taken back. I can't accept the curse. No, you go Ian, you don't have the option come here. Can I take this time? I'm serious dude you taking this car from her it's even if you could go back in time. Would you have not given him the Prius? What do you think take the goddamn car alright go spend that when you spend that, let me know we're gonna I want I guarantee that when you do I spend that there's gonna be and I want to follow up with you before next week. Alright, but thank you and I swear to god. I've been cursing his name like when that happened the other day and they're, just like yeah I, can't believe you're. Turning your back on Sharky's, though no I'm done with turkeys, I'm dying perfection for Sharkies, like I'm, not gonna lie, but it's a person I, don't want it. I return the curse to you. You can force it on someone else voiced it I, don't care give it it just Pat walk by someone on the be like whatever you do. Don't you know like give a warning. There's $40 on this. Don't try to spend it that always thought about as a kid cuz I'm, so walking just like I'm crazy, like that. If you go up to a random stranger on the street and just be like, don't go to work today and then just walk off I feel like a lot of people have thought that just yeah yeah, just you know just get in someone's head a total stranger yeah ever you do don't. Would you take it seriously? If someone said that to you? Probably no, but it would freak me out. It would like it would [ __ ] my day up, probably whatever you do, don't go to home. Don't go home tonight that would [ __ ] you up cuz. Yet do they know where I live yeah? What are you doing at my yeah that would [ __ ] my dad now everyone's gonna tell that to me. What now, if somebody says, don't know, don't go home tonight, Dan you got Kyle to Grandma [ __, ] email Kyle, the cougar champ sent down a really great email. I wanted him to read as a follow-up to the interview we had with them: yeah yeah yeah. He was very gracious. You know very appreciative here. It is, let's see he said. You know honestly, man I've done a lot of TV radio, podcasts and magazines where, after I saw the finished product, I felt very exploited and used with a ch3 I really enjoyed the angle that you took on the whole video on the podcast sweet, [, __, ] guy, your crew was definitely one of my better experiences. So up to this point, you know really nice really gracious. Here's where it takes a turn, though full disclosure I'm high, as [ __ ] right now on Molly, with my 74 a 74 year old girlfriend that I mentioned while I was on the podcast as someone I really care about we're on the beach florida and have been together on and off for about six months but Molly or not. I love her to death, hell I, even babysat, her one night after a hospital visit you mean, like you, stayed with your girlfriend. Why do you think baby? No babysit means the old person who can wipe their own ass? Oh I, don't know. Does it go on Dan? You know he. He babysat her after a hospital visit that he was partially responsible for. No, he didn't break her [ __ ] Inc I was wondering what happened was on our second date. She was really drunk and stood up too quickly and fell through a glass table. Oh wow, I bandaged her up and took care of her okay, I'm rambling, thanks again for everything when he revealed that he was on Molly throws everything into question. You guys are my favorite show I'm in love with this grandma that I babysit and smashed through glass tables. What I imagine he's just body slammed her on a [, __, ] glass table. It's pretty much what he does like metaphorically, with their badges, all right, email is going their own Molly I, don't know he's feeling good Kyle, the great the cougar champ it was in a euphoric state. It smelt, like you, know, sharing the love I think it's the compliment. No, it's nice I thought it was nice and it was funny it had a twister that turns I love all that I'm really I hope to hear more from Kyle my culture. My hope is that I want to get Kyle and Skippy the virgin on the phone there. You go what I would like is for Kyle the cougar champ, to try to pitch to Skippy the Virgin that he needs to start [ __ ] old, ladies because Skippy's had a drive spell his whole life and shredder is the cutest god he's so cute. Oh, my god and I think that you know he was gonna. Miss shredder when she's gone, she's gonna be mean. The guy I think that that you know Skippy could have a future slammin Cougars through glass tables. So we've got what we got a couple more things here: we've got the Amazon. You want to talk about Amazon. You want to talk about tattoo of us. Well, um I'm wondering if it's time for the break because yeah we're and we are diner stuff coming up. Do you want to skip this stuff or talk about this stuff? We could skip skip and we can talk about next time. The nephew of us is so good. This clip is on [ __ ], real okay. It might be a video mm-hmm. Now everyone wants to see it. Let me give you guys a sneak peak of this [ __ ], it's so crazy, but it is break time all right. Let's take a break, it's just one! So don't go anywhere! It's just a couple minutes I swear to God. I, always say it's quick, but it's not this time. It's quick! We're gonna watch this insane tattoo of us. When we get back. God bless. You appreciate you roll it. Let's go! Thank you to blue apron for sponsoring us. This episode, blue apron is the perfect fit for your goals to cook healthy meals. In the comfort of your home. They deliver farm-fresh ingredients to your door and the exact proportions you need for each meal. Here's what I hate about trying to cook a meal myself you go to the grocery store. I need two Leafs of cilantro, so you have to buy a bunch and you're like two leaves and then what do I do with the rest of this? You can throw it out. You have to throw it out. What am I cilantro am I gonna eat it. It's ridiculous. This means you don't have to dread. Those grocery stores trips, when you forget to make the list before going I, then stand there awkwardly with your cart grating a list while just really trying to find what's one recipe, you found no more of that BS I, don't like the grocery store. It's such a time sink. You know, blue apron is here to save your sanity and the day you simply choose between two-person plan or the family plan, and you have eight different recipes to choose from each and every dangle flippin week pick and choose any combo and let them gather everything you need in order to create a delicious chef, inspired meal chef, inspired, I'm, inspired with new dishes added every week. You can try exciting and unique meals, every freaking dang goddamn flippin time, and if you don't like to slave away in the kitchen for hours on end, because all blue apron meals can be prepared in 40 minutes or less here's how it works, but wait burned, delivers the ingredients in a refrigerator box, so it stays fresh even if you're, not at home. When your package arrives, that's actually true. We've left them outside our house for like 10 hours a hot day till it's pretty impressive man plus you can recycle the packaging either by returning it to blue apron free via USPS or check out the recycling locator on bloopers. That's pretty cool I didn't know that, because there is a lot of there's a lot of packaging, which is what makes it so convenient. But you end up with all this plastic. That's very cool I appreciate that the best part is there's no commitment. You can skip or cancel the service at any time and prices start as low as $8.99 per serving. Where are you gonna get that for a gourmet meal where I'm waiting it doesn't exist? Also, you can't answer me: it's not two-way communication, but nobody dare to answer. As for our viewers, go to blue apron, dot-com / H 3, H 3 and get $50 off your first 2 boxes. What have they lost out there? Man, that's a lot of guac and and I'm we're talking. You know, metaphorically and literally that's a lot of guac. It's a lot of cheddar but they're. Just gonna deliver a huge bag of guac and cheddar. That's a lot of get up. Here's your meal just take the guac and cheddar put it in a bowl eat it. You, fat, [, __, ], I, know! That's what you want if you are in the market to avoid the market oh and have fresh ingredients shipped to your doorstep, with delicious recipes weekly head on over to blue apron com, / h3h3 to check out blue apron support the show and get $50 off your first two boxes. Have they lost their minds, say again: that's blue apron, calm, / a stray street! Thank you so much to put the support us guys, love you! Let's go back and do the joke. Okay, what up we both ran through the restroom and then Ethan didn't make it back, which is just more blame on Ian, because I don't know. What's going on with Ethan right now, since Sharky's, so I'm very worried for Ethan. So damn short too short I was saying that I'm worried about you because of Sharky's I didn't know how long that was gonna be well now, I got it all out. Last night or yesterday, ones like this is the ones I had where it's like. It starts solid, but I think a cork pops off and then the dam is just fully broken. It's like! Oh, you had. You are a healthy. You know it's funny. It even happens to shredder one little cork and then in that dam is Luke. The juice is loose as they say all right. Let me give you a sneak peek at this clip, but we've got a great little segment plan for for after this, where is it I want it? There's I, just I'm gonna tease you because I'm sure you're all very curious. It's [, __ ], amazing, probably the one of the best videos ever the premise of the show tat just tattoo of us we're two supposed friends, I, say suppose it because who the [ __ ] would do this to their friend mmm give themselves a tattoo while they're blind there could be something nice. It could be something silly or give me something like you're about to see. Now, okay, so where's John John, please that guy who looks hella nervous, that's the guy who shows the tattoo. Oh there's regret all right for Christ's sake. Get on with it, isn't gonna be happy with his either. You can no imagine that what oh, my god, you know if I was trying the thing like what could it be? I would have never thought I. Guess, yes, yeah! If you feel someone tattooing around your belly button, you can pretty much sure it's gonna be a butthole yeah. Oh my god, there's a whole thing there that I want to talk about. Let's move the show along, we can. We can hit this next week, but uh friends, man, friends, friendships, a crazy thing: we've got a new segment after the break voicemails yeah. We set up a voicemail box for people to leave a message for us and we'll leave it on the air if you're drunk, if you're happy. If you're chilling, you got a question, a comment: whatever you got for us, leave it here in the box dan. What's the number do you know? What's the number yeah, it's pulled up: it's 8 1 8, 2, 1, 4, 8 504. We just threw it up on the screen too, so give us some ring guys here. Let's, let's see what we got here today, I shall try. Are we supposed to play the intro I? Imagine like a Blue's Clues thing. We got mail today, kids! This is our editor. By the way he just got 5 teeth pulled. We told him to call in when he was all [ __ ] up on laughing gasps. Well Alex. Thanks for calling in I check it in I'm, glad you're doing okay, he has recovered and uh god bless him here we got a call, a message from Jimmy Lee, really the notorious outlaw dentist, the dentist. Yes, the only time we've ever cut a guest short on our show. I've never told this story before, but I might as well now, Jimmy Lee has a special he's, a special spot in our Hall of Fame, where we were trying out a new thing, bringing him all cuz he's a more meme than man. Well, yeah yeah! Well, let's try Jimmy lien, see what kind of you know beautiful train wreck that is well is more train wreck than beauty and during the first break me heal and Dan we're in the corner and we're like look. This cannot go on. We got to cut this, we got it. We got to give him the cane, so we came back without him. Obviously, it's our fault for not planning about her yeah and not knowing what we're doing I mean he's a hall-of-famer Jimmy leaves the Hall of Famer. Let's see what he has to say about it: hey Dan, it's Jimmy, Lee, give me a call when you can I want to do invitees and inhalants at Las, Vegas I'm doing a comedy shoot next week and I'm just gonna invite them out to have fun and enjoy. But then he emailed me to give you a quote: maybe I call into the show. So when you get a time when you get a chance, call me- and you know we can figure out- maybe I'm working with Mike. Did you call him dance? He called me, I missed the call. Did you miss her yeah yeah I missed her? We got to get Jimmy on the air. I want to hear some of his new material. I mean you. You have an invitation to go, hear it in person in Vegas. I should do I, don't hate the guy, but I wouldn't mind giving him that Sharky's gift card and just seeing if he can make that way on the air, but uh I've seen Howard Stern's, penis and uh. Pretty [ __ ] big well I'm, not sure how he would have ever gotten in that position to see Howard Howard, always jokes, that is a small dick yeah yeah. He runs. He maintains that his penis is very small, which is something that I've always appreciated about how honest he is and if he's actually rocking a big one, then I feel like that undermines everything that we know celebrity right. It's gone, I don't be I, don't buy it. I don't buy it I think it goes a little tiny little baby toe I, don't think he's got it I, don't know that was a thing well, I like Howard. Would you assume well yeah, he's really tall right? Do you think he had a big one proportionate to the body you thought about? How are dick huh? Well? Not until you brought it up that? No, it's not if you're a tall guy with a little one. It's even worse, it looks smaller yeah. Just like damn good yeah, it looks smaller and especially if you have long pubes, it just gets lost in there man. Well, we need proof, yeah, Howard, Howard Stern, if you're listening know the guy Howard Stern. If you're listening, please send us pictures of your giant dick no, but for real guys out there. If you're trying to make your look, bigger, look bigger right, dick look, bigger, trim, the pubes really short, because if you got [, __, ], crazy, pubes and a little one and you're tall, like your dick, will get lost in that pubic forest or rain forest. It's like you know you got it! You got to help yourself, not speaking from experience. Just saying you can't make it look. A little bigger I want to hear more from that guy yeah. Why you so mad man I, want to hear more from him. Dan follow up with that. Guy want to hear more I want to hear more about what you know at some ascetics of his age. Well, yes, I'm! Okay, nicely hating us that much, but also having the presence of mind to call him leave a message. I find that he must follow the Twitter to down the number. No, even it's your boy, Zach I, just got married. You know like about a month ago and it's all good. It's on this video game. Donkey sounds like Jason done it nice, you know and whatever, but like I. Just gotta ask you for some advice. Man like she never lets me have my beans out like this does Eli, but let you have your bangs out when she works I'm an hour later than I. Do right. So I come home hour before and you know I'm just trying to play I'm trying to get some dubs with my boys on fortnight and I'm having my beans out and then she comes home to our apartment and throws a fit and tells me to put pants on. She knows I play better when I do I hang out with my a naked I assume he means maybe not even naked. Maybe his balls are just out the whole other side. Let him breathe not at the side wears out the side. Oh I see just don't ya know at the hold and not at the side. You dig it extra support when they're at the hole they breathe like on a little cot, yeah I rock, my bean regula. No, you don't be honest when you see me naked cuz, I, walk around naked, not a lot but like in between bed and outfits. Is that a [, __ ] brutal site be honest because you see but make it a lot and I'm very conscious of that. But it's like at a certain point. You just gotta live your life. Is that a brutal sight, seeing me butt naked I, don't have just tell me I'm not sensitive. Is it brutal? No really you're, sparing my feelings, but I would not want to see your beans out and we were playing video cancer that guy all right but like when I'm but nass naked, not a sock, not a hat. How brutal is that when you wet when you're in the shower breath it's the morning, you're brushing your teeth. You turn around. There's my butt ass naked body. What do you think yeah? Oh [, __, ], yeah cuz. That's what I think when I see my I'm like damn. This must be shocking. You know what I mean. Alright, god bless ya. Howdy boys playing fortnight I. Don't know why I'm here, I'm gonna hang up now enjoy fortnight. Oh boy, nice, that's yeah! That's right! There I hope you got the win on that one boy delivering pizzas healing, while you're working for Pizza Hut, sadly not Papa John's as they would not hire me no dude, Papa John has been snubbing this show for so frickin long, like I've, been trying to get a sponsorship from Papa John. We started the Papa John culture he's on the news now bro world the news people talk about Papa, John culture, oh h3z, controversial site kicked off the NS NFL, hmm we're more made to mash you hate black people. I will Papa John, apparently hates well no yeah. But where are you going about that? We're both controversy? He hates black people and I- think that it's okay to wear a Chinese dress same thing, not according to her the lady on Fox News. According to her okay, her ash did I'm sick of Papa John's [ __, ], I, [, __, ], so sick of Papa John I'd, it's even papa, didn't he didn't. He have his papa hood he's just gonna. Well, this is John John yeah you're, just John, oh I'm John, who cares Papa's not in the house. Get real music from the game, find interesting. I teach at a middle school here in Miami and I just witnessed a fight because one kid called another kid crash at fortnight and the kid proceeded to break his nose. It went extremely close hands and I would like your blessing and- and maybe it's oh yeah, he's a teacher who saw a fight break up because someone said their trash had for tonight. Oh trash times are changing. My dude I had one fight over Tekken. When I was a kid, no I didn't instigate it, but I was cheesing this one kid. He was a piece of [ __ ] by the way, but we brought him over his house. Nobody liked him real [, __, ] I choose him out on Tekken I kept doing the same move over and over, but it was so high level that he couldn't counter it. So he got so frustrated. Put me in a headlock and my dog at the time came and bit his ass get out. Never come back times, maybe aren't that different as they were um. Let's see what else we got here, I got a couple more here: let's you know he's in the Neela. You guys are great, but I just wanted to ask Ethan something. Why do you like Elon Musk's, so much I mean he's such a jackass and a terrible person, but maybe I'm over-exaggerating I. Just don't like him! That much. Can you explain yourself? Well, if you're a fan of the show you would haven't, I've explained myself I've written a thesis dissertation. It's it's part of everything that I am now where's your supporting evidence. You say he's a jack. Why why? What is your reasoning, except that you're, just a contrarian who likes stuff who likes to hate stuff because it's popular Oh, Ilan, so cool? Oh he's a perfect human! Oh, he sent a roadster to [ __ ] Mars and it was playing David Bowie and space wow. What a jackass! Sorry? What do you do? I'm? Sorry, you probably worked for John's, not even Papa, didn't he say that he's starting eye candy come yeah, hello, oh he's just trying to make some money you're trying to raise some bills. Hmm, that's a weird one though I got it man. The candy thing was my name at candy. Candy doesn't seem like the most profitable sure. Is it weirder than flamethrowers? No, the Flip there was dubbed the flamethrower was very cool. What's a problem candy because candy is very I just associated with like if you look at Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, there's the candy man, yeah candy man he's like a weird guy. Candy Man can he's heading into a Willy Wonka figure. Your walk around the lollipops talking about your selling candy I'm getting concerned. Is that the same time he's talking about building tunnels under the ground, all the Sunny's and those tummies with lollipops who's. Coming into that tunnel, kids say the Candy Man. Can? What can the Candy Man do? [, __, ], kids. So it's a little strange I. Don't know you never know I'm. Just it's a weird match. I agree. I was like why you and like, and you know how that song ends the Candy Man from Charlie. Chocolate me play this. The Candy Man Charlie, like the way he ends, is so ominous, like I'm. Definitely gonna, [ __ ], your kid like listen, this other way, I love this movie. It's very dark, though much darker than people think and here's a case he goes on and on and on My. Dear boy dee, you can take a rainbow. You can take a kid's dick put it in his hand and take them underground. Okay, but now listen to me finish, the song the Candy Man can cause he mixes it with love and makes the world taste is conquered and the world tastes good cause the Candy Man things. No, no! No! No! There's like home nope nope, nope Charlie's, like he doesn't know any better. You know I mean he wants to get in there with that Candy Man, but he can't hear that. Oh, it's! Like a minor note, so it's off I love this movie, I love it it's a great one! I just closed my whole [ __ ] browser. Okay, guys hang on like he's working on the boring company. If you live in LA, that's anyone who's gonna solve the traffic issue. Here, he's an angel and that makes it Elon an ancient angel. Thank you. All right, I got the document. Also, my mom's name is Alana I'm. His name is Elon. Well how the [ __ ] about Dutchess, so he's got to be an angel. The proof is in the pudding guys it's right there in the pudding have a bite. Take a sniff all right! Next up we got another segment. I wanted to look at I was I, was blown away a little bit by this Twitter exchange by Logan Paul and this comedian Chris D'elia, this guy Chris D'elia, he's funny he's a good comedian. Yeah affectional comedian, I actually didn't know him before I saw the tweets, but you can tell he's one guy a comedian. If ever you want it like. Logan is attempting to heckle him in a way, and it's like you, don't go to a stand-up show as a pleb or anyone really. But if you heckle a professional comedian, that's what they're good at yeah. You know what I mean you're gonna get handled and boy Logan tried so hard to adjust with this professional comedian and he looked dumber and dumber. Every tweet and even me, I was like just stop bro just stop. This is so and Bera Singh, oh my god. So by the way, Ian's back there I'm curious. Can you look on a social blade or some stats website? I'm curious? How many followers did Chris D'elia gain during this exchange, because Logan thought he was slam dunking on him, but now everyone's talking about this like this is one of his tweets. Had like half a million likes and Logan's Paul's was like 10,000, which is like you have hordes of kids and that's all you can muster all right. Let's get into this. Here god bless america, it works solo. It starts with Logan new vlog, the end of Logan Paul, vlogs important that you watch and then he comes out. You just know it's not okay, not fun, yeah, not that it's not that big of a deal, no joke! You're gonna come at everybody who takes a little goof on you also he's making funnier clickbait like it's. Not it's important that you wash. No, it's not that's true. Okay, look at all this crying laughing emojis dog you're, already off yeah, you already lost you already lost I'm laughing cuz. I know why your comedy career took a dive that many crying laughing faces, you're so insecure. It's just so not even fitting here, like imagine that his response was just like, like bro you're, so insecure with that many [ __ ] faces alright. When and what did what? What exactly his response have to do with his comedy career, taking it yeah like it's, not related, it's just. It's like a child trying to make an insult well, at least when my career dies, you can film it and put it on YouTube, so like Logan Paul, eventually he set up the Olly Kobe Bryant during the all-star dunk slam, ten out of ten, he just said they're, like son, six hundred sixty-three thousand likes, and you know the best part. You know it's the best part when you look at the quoted tweet. It's just crying laughing emojis, so, okay now he probably should have left it at that he already he should have never responded. Definitely but he's like I'm a Logan Paul I have a seven million dollar house and C know that the property tax alone is gonna. Make me bankrupt in three years. By the way. That's true. He owns a seven million, seven news: seven and a half million dollar house in Encino the property tax. On that alone, it's like 1.2 percent a year or something right. Well, the math on that Mike I mean seventy thousand. Is that what it is a year for property tax? That's like I'm super high salary even got the stats here on the where you guys, um do I. Have it I, don't know. 26,000 follows on the day, but the day the day before it 200 hmm, that's like a 10,000 comedy clear is dead. I'm, not insecure, I'm, not totally insecure, that I have to respond to every person that give something on Twitter. So here we go and now Logan's like bro I'm, a I'm, the funniest most charismatic dude in the world, I'm gonna, clap back right now by not gonna live. This single tweet is funnier than your entire Netflix special. So he's like I'm gonna, give you credit. This suite was dope, but you're, not dope. Buddy still gotta be mean yeah and then, of course, the next thanks. How does it feel to have your name finally tested something funny? 250,000? Just let it go at this point I'm watching this on Mike Logan. Let it go! This is gonna get worse for you, the pattern you're not gonna, be able to spam crying laughing. Oh geez, you're way out of this. Oh [, __ ]. We have actually a callin from you know this kid Jordan who's like I'm, sure we'll have some interesting insights. Hmm. How does he respond? I, don't know, what's worse, being the shunned vlogger so pathetic. It's like we cheer up dude all right. We have disgraced vlogger or being the 38 year old community, hello, hey Jordan, while you were picking on Logan for what's what's the deal we are talking about. His conversation with Chris D'elia on Twitter I saw I was looking on reddit. There I think that's up, but all deep things, it's all deep fake. Really it says, did you go on twitter.com, slash, Logan Paul and see his tweets there? How do you deep fake, a Twitter comment? What I heard it was lip tarts doing that and I? Don't know why you're always picking on him you're always making him seem like he's some big bad evil d-von, but he's just a nice guy. Like you and me, he goes and pays his taxes. He kisses a teen over girls on the other cheek and everything he's a good man did tell me. Let me ask you this: what do you think about crying laughing emojis? Do you think that's a good response. Do you support this I'm laughing because I know you're your comedy career tada? Well, okay! Well, here! Let me continue you just calm down. This is family, I'm gonna keep reading these tweets. Okay, if you have something to add, let me know, but first of all, it's not a decent I'll. Tell you what I would have said so here he said: I, don't know it's worth being the shun vlogger or being the 38 year old comedian, arguing with the shun vlogger on Twitter I, like he's insinuating that 38 years old is like 38 year old, like your old dude, old, I, guess, they're I, guess that's a good point. 38 is yeah. That's pretty much! The end of your life I saw that if you're not a vlogger by 18, you should [ __ ] jump off a bridge. I, don't know I heard some old. Are you Jordan? How much fears you got left well, I got a sickness really yeah, it's not a joke. It's not a bit! Okay! Well, I'll attach to a breathing machine right now, I, don't know why you're always bringing this stuff up to put me down. So how old are you? Why should that get in the way of your vlogging career, 13 I can't play soccer anymore, yeah five years. Jordan I, don't know why you think it's funny that I'm, sick and I got Elvis pills, I gotta, take all right, I, don't know it's worse, being the tion blogger or being the 38 year old comedian, arguing with the shunned blogger over Twitter. What's so sad, it's this Saturday, it's the most sad pathetic attempt. I had to come back I've ever heard of my life also, whenever you bring up age yeah like oh I'm young. So therefore I win this argument, yeah yeah you're. Also you know why is that wrong? You're jealous cuz, you know, got fifteen-year-old pubes anymore, dude yeah! You got old pubes, though. What is the? What is a 15 year old pube, look like. Are they different? Some I call the FBI this guy. Why do you say that for all right? Thank you. Well, I could, before you go I know we have a lot of rivalry. We have a lot of evil. That's between us, but I want to say, I, know, yeah I know you got a lot of money. You got a lot of me in the bank and I was wondering if you would invest. If I start up the fake program and I'm not trying I'm not trying to commit a c-class felony under Title, 18 but I know, listen, I do have a lot of illegal technologies. I'd like you to invest that we can. You know you go ahead and email us about that and we'll take it from there Jordan. Well that really derailed things on I thought he was gonna have something more insightful to say about yeah I'm, sorry, every time when I screen him yeah, he seems like he's, calm he's coherent and then he just loses it. Jordan you're blowing it dude, I, didn't know: Jordan was sick, doesn't sound sick, but why does he 38 is not that old, bro serious I just can't get over this he's not arguing with you by the way he slam, dunk you're, arguing you were the one arguing with him. He is [ __ ], a looping Kobe Bryant Shaquille O'neal. In that tight twink little ass VIIRS. Why is it going to himself as Shonda, flogger I? Don't know what I don't know the wardens disgraced he's like trying to like self-deprecating I mean like yeah I'm shunned, but look at you hmm, who are you 38 year old, you [, __ ] you're, basically dead. Oh nice of you to take some time out of your convalescent home to come [, __ ] with me on Twitter at 38 years old. Don't you have a funeral to be planning? Aren't you retired or something god, I love, this Logan Paul looks like him. What's he's doing at age 38, you know, I mean there's your night to see plastic surgery. Yeah, probably ask your fans to have their moms read this tweet out loud to them, see what they think. Yeah. That's true. His fans are definitely 12 years old I mean who else would get get hard-on for a 30 making fun of a 38 year old 38. That's a young man am I wrong, no you're, not wrong. 38! That's one year like that's when you're slamming those those are the golden years. So that's like when you made it yeah. You got some money: you're [, __, ] you're, starting to [. __ ] it it's a good point in your life, starting to trim your pubes, trying to understand a trim, your pubes, so your dick looks bigger. You know. [Music] you've got some hems viagra just in case it's not a very angry. This is you are getting a little bit old and you know not like when you were 18. It's certainly not when you were like 13 dude when I went. You know it's crazy, I think my libido was at the highest. My sex drive was at its highest when I was like 13. Do you know what I mean like my dick was hard pretty much 23 hours of the day, I put my dick in a tree fire. Is that normal for most guys, I, probably I, don't know that's pretty typical, because I think back man, it's crazy! It's just it's crazy! It's weird how nature [ __ ] with you because yeah it's both the [ __ ] when you're 13, but somehow that's it's listed. You really definitely too young when that from. When did you hit your max libido, ela I? Don't know probably older than 13, really yeah huh for sure older than 13. All right I won't push it but uh, but the a major yeah teenage like 18, mm-hmm I, think I, don't I mean wasn't paying attention. So then it wasn't that bad for you, I guess. I was like this I was afflicted by a disease. I had boner I had boner boner syndrome, I just boner brightest. Thank you. Every guy has been in this situation when you're on the school bus and you got you popped, such a fat one just simply from the vibrations of the bus and you've got to tuck it under the belt. Somehow, which is a tough maneuver, because you got a you know, I do that front-facing sling of the backpack a trick right. There isn't every deal with this back then in front. It's just probably just shuffle on three like you know, you gotta get something in there, but it's I would pray to God that my dick would deflate before the bus stopped. I was like cut. Please not today. Just please God! Let it go down. That's funny guys have a different reality. Yeah, no, it's it's nuts man by the time I turn 18 I was like yeah I had like evened out quite a bit. You know, but it's crazy anyway. I think we digressed a little bit old people roasting me greatest thing on planet Earth. Can you believe 20,000 kids like this? That is the dumbest, but all the paperboys thing may have hurt bro he's 26 you're 20, you were gonna, be 30 soon. You just like know that study got roasted, know old people roasting me yeah. It is the greatest thing on earth because your fans they're not even capable of having okay a coherent thought. How are you gonna call and thirty-eight year old guy old people like it just shows how he started his world. His fan base is like 12, 13, 14 yeah. These people are only your fan Logan, because they're not capable of understanding what a shitty dude. You are cuz you're, just like the cool the cool kid from school. You know when you look back when you turned 30 and you look back at the cool kid in school. You realize what a [ __ ] douchebag. That's you right now and I feel like by the age of 27 he's already not in high school. That's what I mean he shouldn't know that about himself old people roasting me. Why would you even tweet that how about this you're? My son tag your [ __ ], daddy, I'm, your daddy, that's crazy man! Chris! This whole exchange is really similar to your life. As time passes, your jokes get less and less funny. Sorry, daddy! You know he was sitting around with, like his whole, posse yeah [Music], so we team ten. They all wrote this together, yeah the whole team. Ten crew wasn't on that. You know what will be even less funny when your fans grow up and become mine. I mean that's right. That's a girl! That's not even a joke! That's just a statement of fact. You know what I'm saying it's like Logan get out now: I wasn't following this fart out. You know what will be even less funny when you don't when you continue when they don't yeah when they don't, and you continue to make podcasts in your basement for the rest of your life, Logan I'm, afraid to say that that seems more prophetic for you than it does you know what I mean he's so defensive like it almost just shows like -, yes, get out, hmm he's trying and the thing is he's not being funny he's just trying to be like a mean yeah he's like I know, I got you I just I, just tapped into your deepest fears and you'll. Never forget about this insightful comment that you shattered the whole reality. I know that your deepest darkest fears that you, nobody will like doing to make podcasts in your basements forever and I, just tapped into that you're old - did I mention that clap back something popped back the emoji and Chris is like this is the best thing ever I'm, never stopping. Why should he ever stop so far? You've called me, daddy, admitted to watching my entire comedy special. Are you trying to burn me or [ __ ] me going it's Piett by the way low gang, [, __ ] is what happens when two people love each other very much so I. Think at this point we've exhausted the UH, the think tank - like yo. We need a break man. We've been thinking all day. This is when Nick Crompton left. Then on that last twit. By the way, Eli I know you've been talking about team. Ten I don't want to bearish you a correct you on the air, but team. Ten is separate from the Logan whoo all right, Wow I, don't want embarrassed respect you, as my wife, but I have to say I really [, __ ] up my research here. Embarrassing. Are we ready for the last break? I mean, let's see, I think so. It's 4:40 I mean yeah I! Guess we could we have a bunch of news, but we've already been going through 40 yeah. You want us to just save the news or what do you want to do, but it's relevant now. Let's just do a couple of headlines, then. So let's have Ellis Ella's. Our news, lady, send the nudes. We should do it before commercial. Why? Because we have a crossover to do during the commercial. Let's just do the show, then: let's do the band all right, I, don't new, because I wanted to do the nudes. You want to just read a couple headlines. Let me read my favorite one: actually, you know what it's kind of should I save it for next, no I'm gonna do the break and then we'll uh we'll come back and do this. Okay, mm-hmm, all right, we'll be right back eva is gonna new. The news and we have a live performance from chaos. Chaos you do not want to leave. I frickin guarantee it we'll be right back. Thank you to expressvpn for sponsoring us. Facebook has been in the news a lot lately getting thrashed for letting third parties get your user data. But do you really think they're the only ones doing it? I, don't I know they're, not the Internet's become the wild wild west. It's time to stop trusting big corporations with their data and start protecting it with express VPN with expressvpn. You can privately and securely surf the internet without being tracked by anyone and trust me. If you look at the stuff that I do online, you do not want anyone to know like a burger recipe. Burger recipes, don't you track my recipes? If, if the FBI sent Eva all the burger recipes, I've been looking on the internet, I've used so much trouble. I, don't want anyone to know what I'm looking on the Internet hang it up on. All devices only took me a few minutes. It's seriously the easiest, fricking app to run and it seamlessly rocks on rock and roll's. In the background of my desktop laptop smartphone and/or tablet and protects me while I'm browsing streaming, downloading, emailing and rock-and-rolling and looking up the most craziest burger recipes you can possibly imagine would make you blush if you knew but you, but nobody does because I use expressvpn nice for less than seven bucks a month. You can get the same expressvpn that protects me and you can look up all the weird effed up. Crap like why I don't know I'm just I, don't know hentai I, don't know. That's all I can think about. That's it. That's all I got every expressvpn plan is covered by risk. Free 30-day money-back guarantee I'm joking, but it's really about it's serious. You don't I, don't want Facebook selling my data and having like foreign agents serving me propaganda. It's to stop. [ __ ], like that yeah sup, YouTube and Facebook and Instagram, and the goddamn government yeah spying on me. I want a little privacy on the Internet. Oh god, that's the only place. We've got it left not anymore, but with expressvpn. The the VP stands for very private. Now, VPN expressvpn experience the freedom, privacy and safety that expressed me being Gibbs. You're. Never gonna want to use the internet again without it. Ain't that the truth to take back your internet privacy today find out how you can get three months. Free Wow go to expressvpn comm /h 3, that's expr, ESS, VPN, comm, /, h, 3, 4, 3 months free. What the 1-year package don't put this off guys protect your internet and data with expressvpn. Today, that's expressvpn duck up such h3 nice changing the game. Don't forget very private, very private! Now, press VPN guys thank you so much. Let's get right the flippin heck back right into it and thank you to our sponsors. Thank you. You. What the sound ended abruptly. Oh sorry, to [ __ ] you up already [ __ ] we switched seats, you'll, see on the news we had to switch cosy, turns laptop was plugged into the stuff. So what are the headlines today? So the first one that I already started to talk about is that Nick Crompton has left him dead. Don't - come on, don't say that this is very huge news. Don't basically he left him 10 do we know why he said the reason for his departure is due to internal changes being made with various businesses and I. Don't agree with it anymore. Wow, that's kind of other words drama drama. Damn it was like I, don't people when I do people left Tim tan? It was abrupt and I wanted to do it properly and I'm gonna leave a statement, but then he doesn't actually say why I'm gonna leave properly and let me just say that I don't agree with all their shade. [ __ ], yeah, okay, well, rest of these, the Brompton, don't don't look don't instead, I have resigned both as chief operations officer and as a talent. By the way, the fact that that guy was the CEO just cracks me up. Yeah, oh yeah. This is a legit organization, I'm just some random 18 year old, I'm, chief executive officer or just chief CLO, okay, the the biggest news story that I wanted to tell you is mm-hmm is that the UK is banning wet wipes. I, don't like that I, don't know. How are you gonna leave once that happens here, but well I, don't think I don't see that happening. This is America. This is the home of freedom and bravery. They said many wet wipes are mistakenly flushed down the toilet after use, see that's the problem. We use flushable wipes, but I think even we use too many, probably they they say only one for flush, that's like how they say just take one Advil and everyone's like I, think they really mean it they're, just like covering their ass. You know, and metaphorically speaking, N and literally either way everybody takes like five to seven advil at once, right no anyway, since they do not break down clump and cone congeal with cooking grease and other discarded items and as a result, clogged the words sewer systems, the world's the war holy [, __ ]. It's almost makes sense that baby wipes they're too good to be we've told the story about how we destroyed the plumbing at our apartment in Israel, yeah, I, don't know if we talked about it here, but we when we were living in Israel, we had just discovered baby, wipes and I, don't think we were using flushable ones, because we didn't know that that was a thing we had like the big, crazy baby wipes like really heavy cloth, and we were just really enjoying having our asses clean. You know yeah and a couple months you know after living there, that whole area started smelling like raw sewage just like awful and we're like this is disgusting. What is wrong with this building man? This is [ __, ] up and then a week later, there's a sign on everyone's door in the apartment whoever's using baby wipes has destroyed the building septic tank. Please stop using baby wipes, and that did you like major construction outside on the pipes and stuff. Did we stop using baby wipes? We did back in there. We had no choice, I think that's when we got flushable the next story, which I also really found interesting, because we recently moved so I had to do that change of address where you give the post office your new address, and then they forward all your address, all your mail to the new address and they give you this form and all they ask is just fill in your name. Your previous address your new address and that's it. No verification, I think no I, sure no idea when I did it, I called Ethan and I was like this is so easy, like anyone could do that to anyone else. What? How is that the process? So now this man allegedly used change of address form to move the UPS headquarters to his apartment. That's the best role ever and basically, you got a bunch of their mail. Didn't it's a HELOC cash, my checks, fifty eight thousand dollars in check, that's pretty stupid. However sleep cashing checks aren't addressed to him. You expect there's all these fail safes in this system, but there's nothing. This dude just changed. His address to UPS headquarters started caching random people's checks. It says they went on for months how the hell they not realize that they're not getting mail for two months, and now he faces federal charges for mail theft. They'll, let him out once he changes his fort arrest to the White House. It apparently carries a maximum sentence of five years: oh and mail fraud which could be up to 20, don't [ __ ] with the mill yeah, let that be known to everyone out there. Thinking of affording our address I will punish with the maximum a sentence. Allowable um Spotify is gonna. Stop promoting artists of that are related to hateful conduct, for example, or Kelly yeah that guy yeah I wonder what do you think about it? Cuz they're, not gonna. It's cut, they're, not gonna, remove him from the platform they're. Just not gonna promote him anymore. It's pretty interesting, but it's always strange to be the person that makes that value judgment on someone yeah. You know I mean um I, think as long as they say who it is: they're punishing cuz. It's super [, __ ] up when I mean this is something YouTube does is they'll [, __ ] with channels and they won't say which channels they're [ __ ] with yeah. That is not healthy for any community. It's weird I, don't know it's weird I mean I, guess I get it. Why would they want to promote someone who runs like a sex cult like our Kelly? It's a weird one. It's a tough call, I mean their statement. They said, as you can imagine. This is a complicated process with room for debate and disagreement. So we can't get into an artist by artists, discussion in general. We work with our partners and try to make decisions on a case-by-case basis. It's real interesting. What about Chris Brown, like I punched, beat the [ __ ] out of real. That's the thing: where do you draw yeah, although our Kelly is pretty he's, got a whole course on another level? He's not just yeah. You know trips me out. John, Lennon, I know people always talk about this, but if he was living today, he like beat the [ __ ] at a woman. Hmm, you know I mean and back then it was just like eight keep your baby keep your girl in check and now what Chris Brown can't punch Rihanna in the face, but back then, like you said it wasn't as it's not today, I don't know if he would do it today, I suppose blows my mind. You could just slap your wife, that's crazy! All right, mmm Albertsons is being sued for forcing their employees to speak, English only huh. What does that mean like amongst themselves like hey? No, you have to speak English amongst yourselves, so not only among but yeah amongst themselves like on break and break the. They can't speak any other language. That's pretty [ __ ]. That is all yeah. How do you enforce that? 8English lead the store, developed, an unwritten policy that prohibited Hispanic employees from spinning Spanish around non-spanish speakers, including when speaking to Spanish speakers speaking customers and during breaks. Sorry, can you imagine, customers trying to speak Spanish, I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, I'm not allowed to speak Spanish, that's a weird one, guys! That's a weird one! Albertson's! It's like just one paranoid like upper manager who was worried that people were gossiping about him in Spanish, he's like that's it. No more [, __ ] Spanish in this household um unicorn milk is in trouble in San, Francisco Dan. What that's that its flavored vape juice is gonna, be banned in San Francisco, because I mean then they got a point. They got a point, I'm sure they do, but I want to hear it. Well. What do you think that Dan, basically they think it's like inducing for young kids. You know like here's, cereal and milk. Well, you know back in the day they outlawed making cartoon characters for cigarettes; hmm they used to have and and because they thought the same thing. It's pandering to children, I, don't know where this idea came along. That tasty flavors are for children only like as soon as you cross 18. It's like nothing but brussel sprouts for you buddy. It makes it more accessible right. Like there's this one treat that blows my mom when I was a kid they used to have powdered cigarettes. There was little cigarettes rolled, you know puff it and sugar like powder sugar, will come out. It's such an insane thing to give your [ __ ]. It does make it more accessible. They're, like oh I, want some unicorn jizz. You know in my mouth, Oh kids are all about, but maybe you could just you know, tweak the title of it. Yeah another clip I really enjoyed this week is sorry. I'm trying to get used to your laptop mice is not dragging it. Do you see that I hate Windows? They do this thing where it snaps back. It's like I, don't know distance yeah. This is great, so this girl was hospitalized, so she couldn't come to her graduation, but she showed up on a tablet on a robot. This is amazing. [, __, ] I, ever seen in my life. It's a tablet on a Segway wearing a cap and gown rolling down the podium accepting a diploma with her like they dress. The robot I'm sure was like a beautiful moment for her, but my god is a goofy [, __ ] and she stand there like Segway standing next to Oliver. There's a girl like [ __, ] I'm. Next to the Segway yeah I mean how am I supposed to focus on anyone else. That's it! The last thing is that Sin City eight, it's barely some sort of like a sex festival. Oh yeah is attempted attempting the biggest orgy in the world that las vegas, and that is absolutely disgusting like what is the hook there they're going to a hotel right, yeah, so imagine embassy suits Embassy, Suites embassies. You can never go to that hotel again, it's good. What are they gonna put up a sign, we hosted the biggest orgy the world has ever known as I love is in every corner. I love that a Guinness rep had to make a statement. He said I can't come for him. This is not a record title that we recognize or monitor. Therefore, there will not be a Guinness World Record just to do with the clipboard there were they will not but yeah. That would be a tough gig to do they just he. He just has his balls out of his zipper, so he doesn't feel he doesn't feel like yeah, weird weird I forgot the word, but there's an FAQ on the website and like apparently single man can't come, oh really because it would just be like a thousand dudes trying to get one check bring a date. That's how swingers roll hmm, what about STDs is on their FAQ I would say all participants will receive complimentary condoms, complimentary Wow. You know those people aren't going to be using condoms. I, don't even want to be outside that I. Don't want to be in the same state of that hotel, because that [ __ ] is aerosol, takes new forms. When you have that many [ __ ] rygan, rubbing together those STDs all gonna, go airborne and all of Las Vegas is gonna, be infected by this new hepatitis. Y stands for. Why Oh watch out watch out everybody so I can just read. It mean you could just go there. You don't need to know anyone. Do they ever pass judgment I'm like what you look like they want. They want a lot of people right, they're going to good, looks, are optional, I, don't think there was no barrier for entry. No damn you know everyone's gonna be like an orgy sounds fun when you're, like, oh everyone's, so beautiful and not in fit, but in reality, orgies are like me in 15 years, yeah, like a couple more beers, a couple more burritos, you know big-ass pubes, you wonder if my pubes ever got long enough that could braid them to my [ __ ] hairs. Why I'm great like a hair diaper? That's when I'll know I'm ready for the orgy I. Don't think anyone has ever wonder that I'm a great something you think about a lot. No I just thought that right now, just a great I'm, a great mind in think about great things and that's true much like Prince ie, I'm kind of on a higher level of your weight. Your walk is [ __ ] yeah. Well, once we can can join the forces of my pubes and [ __ ] hairs, then we'll know you look. That is something you're old and Louis posin old during this podcast from the basement know. What I was gonna say is that you'll take my hand and we'll go to an orgy I, don't know that I would take your hand if you had this. What if I was wearing a condom thing you're talking on my mind, I hand, condoms, yeah, that's a thing, a hand condom for like finger-banging like a glove yeah, you put a little I swear to god. It's in there put the condom on your finger so that you can, which is rearranged to me. It's like, if you're, that what is earned not about putting a finger in a girl's vagina. Don't do it I, don't think so. Unless you're like I, mean I, guess you find a girl that disgusting that you need to cover your finger? Just don't don't put it in to begin with. Oh we're gonna be at a point in humanity where you need to saran wrap your whole [ __ ], just like bum bum, hips, all right, well, good job, you on the news. That was great. Thank you. So we are gonna hop on over to the main stage and have a live performance with chaos. Chaos! Let's, let's hop on over there. It's gonna be a total blast. Let's take it hang out for one sec, so this is life they can hear me. You got the cue card, Dan yeah, all right. So this is chaos. Chaos guys! Can you see me hello, Cass, Cass, new self-titled, album is now on all streaming platforms featured on Spotify under new releases. You guys are going on a national tour starting next week. You guys can get tickets at chaos. Chaos band, calm, how you doing we're good Mike I've got reverb too. So what song are you guys prepared to play right now? We're gonna do a new song called blue chaos, scare self out, titled cool? Well, let's, let's take it away guys [Music] Vincent me that you Oh in the [Music], something you don't wanna move [Music] you're refer only a kiss, follow your fields with beasts now can I. So please do too. Cannot you don't wanna do [Music] something weird happened. Oh I know: I was like someone you should have came over here and use this mic. She is using a broken pedal that could be. Why should we do it again or just do the next song yeah? Did it sound that bad just me singing, or would we have time to do it again? I have this good luck charm here? Usually it works. Guess it didn't work. Maybe it has to be turned the other way, I'm wondering maybe it needs yeah I! Think that's it. Okay, it's working all right! This might not work. Well, we are the guinea pigs right. Isn't this the first first live show it's got more characters this way. I! Nobody wants a Polish, show nobody, okay, whatever yeah was it ever working? Alright, let's give it another shot. Alright, we're actually gonna start at midway through okay, it's exciting it's wild! It's off the road, we're kicking up dust, alright, actually I think it was shredder. Shredder came over no generous. No-One knows. There's a dog, no traitor, you sabotage all right. We got shredder. Okay, take it away guys! This is blue blue version. Two only I can find love, you're filled with bees. Now so close, you cannot [Music] you don't wanna do [Music] all right. Is this thing on okay, good that was blue by Cass Cass? It worked this time, I'm it man. We are really off the road here, guys all right that sounded awesome! You guys killing it. You guys want, are gonna, do one more song. What is it called? The song is called pink politics, pink politics, all right, guys, god bless. Take it away. Shredder keep yourself [Music], I piss, my anger on the table. [Music]. Now you Oh baby. This is [Music], there's a memory bananana [Music]. That was amazing that sounded so good, pink politics, wow thanks for having us. Thank you so much that was incredible. You guys their self-titled album, KS KS is available everywhere, where music is streamed, that [ __ ] and if you want to see them, live head on over to KS KS band, calm for tickets, you guys are going on tour in just a couple days right, Wednesday! Well guys. If you want to hear more, go freaking get better ding. Do it, because these guys are amazing all right. Thank you guys, everyone for watching! Thank you, Cass Cass! Thank you! Everybody we'll see you next! Friday! God bless hope. You have a great weekend and appreciate you very much guys. We'll see you next time. Tata.