Welcome everybody to another h3 podcast live live today, ela is out of town and BMI care is being swamped. Erik just finished wiping my ass. We had a cigarette together outside I, get diarrhea every time. I some oaklands, true and I said Eric I appreciate you being here on the show, but uh, that's not where your duties end. So thank you for cleaning me up. Appreciate that glad to have you here last week, we're streaming on YouTube again we're just testing it out. It's fun, I find it to be I'm really curious, which one's better Twitter YouTube, because the the streaming numbers are really high, and it's just nice to have a holistic experience yeah. But the problem with YouTube as I spoke about last time, is that wherever it falls there shall it be buried. There's no take-backs right when you stream on youtube, you can have a Bill O'reilly moment. Everyone's gonna see it. Everybody's gonna see my Bill O'reilly mom yeah, and they did in the last episode. That's right. We had probably the most horrific start. Oh my god! Well, yeah, it was by talking it up. A little bit thing is I. Showed you a clip. I didn't show you the whole thing because it was getting to cringey. Okay, it's like a whole minute. Yeah I had this the stream open and the sound on on my laptop so was playing the sound back for the whole first minute, plus of the podcast. Before we stopped me and Dan were just like, we were mortified, it was our worst nightmares last week, so I just I need to own this. The moment heats up to uh. By the way, do we stick the landing this time? Dan yeah timing was perfect. Nice, although we just [ __, ], jinx ourselves. What we already made, no boy yeah, we already made it you through whatever happens now, is fine because, like the worst time to have a [ __ ] is like when somebody opens a video yeah like I'm gonna watch this video and it's just like a total meta. Somehow a million people watch that last posit always like this yeah, exactly I thought these guys ran a tight ship yeah. What is this right? No, no Sid, you know, but Dan can you pull up that clip from from last week? Yeah just cracks me up that a million people watched actually, first of all a huge thank you to everybody. That's done, where's everybody to another episode of the h3 podcast lah! That's right! We are back and we are streaming shocking it a mixing. It was that probably more help the first 10 seconds of that good, okay, good, good, good and then there's no idea what they were in for mix it up a little bit. Keep you on your coat. This episode is sponsored by him. So the thing is at this point: if it's stopped, it's like okay, we can get over it. I couldn't hear Dan through the speaker. Look so Dan's like shits, open your shits, open and I can hear them will be great as if it was happening now and because this this can't be yeah. This can't be good to watch but like it keeps going anyway. I just want to give a shout out to everybody who's stuck it through troopers. You know stuck it through and this time we hopefully have got it well, it's okay to have some grab beans. Yeah growing pains most definitely other comments about the YouTube stream. Everybody seems to enjoy a streaming on YouTube, but the comments were that the chat, the live chat was truly god-awful, which surprised me because I didn't think you could top twitch chat of toxicity, but apparently YouTube manages to talk again yeah you tube, tops twit, you know, YouTube always help. Does twitch right, say that and always I think people are more conditioned to leave ridiculous comments on YouTube. It's yeah. It comes with the territory. Well, part of the problem is that on Twitch we have sub only mode yeah. So really you know hones down on the on the spam, but I would just want to invite everybody who is here to spam and just you know, ruin the chat. I want to say that we changed the frequency to five minutes. So at this point, I welcome all the spammers to come. Enjoy yourself in between five minutes, I mean if you're waiting, five minutes to spam, you're pretty much just a viewer at that point. So if you want to make multiple accounts, just get those views up enjoy yourself, you know, put your feet up, have a meal enjoy the podcast and then you can leave a spam comment. Every 5 minutes, it's very diplomatic fix. You know you didn't kick them out today. You're welcome you're, pretty much just a viewer at this point. So welcome to the stream everybody next up, you guys may have seen our new video I'm exhausted. Last night, I was up till last night, the night before so like 1:00 a.m. because I found out that YouTube is [. __ ], with the sub fee I saw that video yeah. It's like the final four people didn't see. The video basically YouTube said that they're testing the sub feed to put it in a personalized order and what that means is basically they have an algorithm. That's going to decide like hey, which content is gonna, get us the most watched, I'm pretty rich. You know Elsa what else video yeah lots of Elsa now, mostly it most likely BuzzFeed people, people trying to figure out what this is. America means alright lots of the columns in columns right. So we made a video talking about that, because the the sub feed is like the last sacred place right on YouTube untouched. You have the home page, the sidebar, that's where most traffic comes from on YouTube and you don't really know how that [ __ ] works. Like you go to the home page. Why is something there I don't know: yeah I, post a video I, don't see it on the home page? Why is there like one guy at YouTube? Who can can [ __ ] with those and just be like hmm I'm gonna show my buddy's video real, quick, probably not that's, probably a huge yeah, you know be that'd, be erroneous, yeah have that functionality and one did yeah I, think it's just the algorithm but they're very controlling of they're. Very intentional. It's all just about watch time right, but it's very cold. It's very unfeeling. Like do. We really want a platform that just doesn't care about users choice at all, and just like you know the god of watch time. There was a big backlash when, when Instagram did it right exactly beside it exactly because you want to feel like you have some choice of the content, you're watching and so anyway, YouTube responded to the video we made. They said, there's a very small experiment: we're testing a new, completely optional way to sort the sub feeds with a small group of people. All videos are still there and again people have control over the settings aka, they don't have to use it, but here's what I'll say to that which is I, think total BS the default setting is personalized. You have to go out of your way to change it back. To chronological I mean they really just do that, so that they say that it's optional, but how many people are actually gonna? Go yeah I'd switch it if it's. If it's optional, then, if everybody's saying they want it, the other way, how long until you just force them to have it the new way exactly and that that's basically what I'm saying here is that, like it starts there, it's a slippery slope once you've decided that you're willing to [ __ ] what the sub feed yeah it's only a matter of time like this guy been trusted. Flagger he's he's like I, don't know this guy has a lot of insight information. He always has a lot of interesting insights on YouTube. He works. He's trusted he's trusted. He does actually work with them to some large capacity. He said, they've been working on this for a very long time behind the scenes and I'm squid scared. If it will be implemented permanently, even though you can opt out, I was told if rolled out, everyone would be opted in by default. Negative impact on everyone. Don't do this YouTube and it's like you said on it on on Facebook. They had it used to be chronological and the moment that they optimized the feed on Facebook and they doing the same thing on Instagram is when those social medias became such [. __ ] garbage right because you're on the platform- and you feel you feel the pole like they're, just trying to keep you there as long as possible I every time I go to Facebook for some [ __ ] reason: Facebook is like hey you, you love Martin Lawrence's posts right, Martin, Lawrence, the actor he has this [ __ ]. If everybody should go check out, Martin Lawrence's, Facebook cuz, it's insane Jelena, it's like he's, like so flowy Antonio, in the way that he's just like hosting these yeah and like what it's like to have a Cuban girlfriend Martin is like wow. This is crazy, like what what is Martin doing all day. Martin Martin found a new vertical, so basically, Martin Lawrence is gonna, be at the top of all of our feeds but yeah on Facebook. They changed it to optimized several years ago and they made it optional until one day they're like hey, you know what this results in more watch time or more ad revenue, so we're just gonna, remove the option right. They act like that's, not what's gonna, that's! Definitely what is going out. It is kind of silly the way all these companies talk to us about changes that we don't like and they're like. No, don't worry guys, you can have an option. Don't you? Could you don't understand behind the scenes? They're just like what the [ __ ]? What do you think we're gonna change anything for them yeah now this is money. I mean I, wonder if, in a way, they're that naive that they're, like it's optional, how does it? How does it benefit them like what I'm more ad revenue? Really they keep you on the page longer they don't that yeah objective of all these social medias is to keep you on the page as long as oh yeah, that makes sense they just suck your ass in keep you watching very more ads. If it's chronological like when I go to Reddit and I, see all of the links on the front page or purple I'm like oh well, I did that and then I leave right, I mean I. Don't leave I go to the next page right, but if it wasn't chronological later that it would be like he's already clicked all the purple links, let's give them a new batch right. Theoretically it that doesn't sound bad. But what ends up happening is that Jesus Christ that girl Kroy got me yeah me too me what ends up happening. These things is that the sub feat is just gonna end up like the home page right, like based on other users activity. We've determined that this video results in more watch time and more time on page. So we're gonna put that at the top of your sub feed, and not this small creator that you're a fan of or anybody could be. It could be me it could be you it could be PewDiePie. This video didn't get as much watch time, so we're gonna put it at the bottom yeah, that's how they rate it. Weird man I mean I'd love to get into their heads and figure out what the hell they're their ultimate plan is because this feels like part of something else, yeah well. The scary part that I talked about is just like. Once they tinker with the sub feed. They now have the ability to completely make your channel disappear. Yeah because, as a creator, it's so frustrating when you go to the home page, and you don't see your new video yeah like. Why? Isn't it there I, don't know I, guess, there's a reason whatever and you don't see it on the sidebar of other people's videos. Sometimes you know what I mean it's people also saying like I got unsubscribed from you right like there's some strange errors going on to keep people from watching things, but I don't know we should get jobs at YouTube, yeah like we should. We should go in disguise like interview for jobs and get the get the inside dirt. Just a comedy. Mustache yeah trusted Ben. You gonna help us out. Yeah trust, trustworthy, Ben I do joke I'm very qualified to work at YouTube once our channel dies. [ __ ] top they're gonna, make me say: uh earth to the god of watch time. House shredder will probably get the job for sure. So I don't know they responded, but I just I just think they're. So nice there'd, like they, don't understand why we're so upset because it's optional yeah, that's gotta, be a tough [, __ ] job in the PR guide or PR person at YouTube. It's like yeah, a half of the population of the country, is mad at you. Hmm, oh [, __ ]. What do I do there? Pr department, sucks dude, don't say anything: what did what is the PR persons job at yeah? There's definitely tread lightly on. If I was that guy I'd be like okay, how do I say no threads too lightly yeah, he doesn't say [ __ ], right he's like all right. We had a meeting and we've decided we're not gonna, say anything yeah. Do you think we have meetings like when when they have to respond to you, yeah I think I'm sure that, like there's, a couple is like a huddle. I know like I'm certain guys, Ethan's blasting, us yeah. What do we say? Yeah I'm sure that they do I'm not kidding they do. Actually they just tell you to go [ __ ] yourself. They PR persons like all right guys. We've thought a lot about this and we've decided to say nothing yeah. This will not get us in trouble. Yeah, there's no way. They're gonna know about that. It's probably true. That's probably the best course of action. Yeah say nothing just say, say nothing. Yeah, we'll get him later all right. Well, let's move on to uh more upbeat news. The Texas shooting yeah actually want to I, don't wanna talk about the shooting and all the details. Hmm I'm fascinated! You guys know about this: Texas shooting another school shooting, [, __ ], look at this superstar Jesus Christ and that guy's Oh [ __ ] eyes a young [, __ ]. These kids are so goddamn young. It's so crazy! You think that guy owns the samurai sword. He needs more answers, not enough length in the back for that to be a card-carrying, samurai. Sword. Boy means that needs more of a mullet that prison jumpsuit is very Naruto. I think he looks good in it yeah he does look at his that's a headband and he'll be full roleplay. Okay, there was another shooting this morning by the way yeah another [, __ ], shooting this time a 12. He was -, it was a seventh-grader. He was 12 years old. Do you know a twitter? Well, this is the guy that stopped him. Look at this monster, but whoa I'm, gonna, [, __, ], I'm gonna talk more about what this hero did, but first I feel like everybody's talking about how do we? How do we stop this? It's clearly gone on. It's happening every [ __ ] week. It trips me out when we were kids, I, didn't think about somebody rolling up at my school with a gun, yeah and I feel like they the experience of kids in public school these days. It is that they're not just expecting it they're waiting for it to happen right, I never had any kind of drill, never a drill that no metal detectors. Yeah, there's like people shooting off blanks in in school hallways just to get kids ready are you? Are you serious, like I saw a video of one doing that so I think it might be a little know like they bring in a trained officer or something like that is so twisted yeah. So I'm wondering like there's this raging debate. Is it guns as a mental health and I'm just I'm? Always thinking like what like well. First of all feels like we're not doing anything like a lot of people are like, let's ban guns and then everyone else is like, let's not ban guns and ultimately everyone, everyone screams at each other, but still now after this happening for so long nothing's happening and I'm, starting to think that I mean the availability of guns is is definitely a problem, although one that I'm not sure how to tackle but I actually think that there's more potent issues than than guns, one being is just basically how the media fetishizes all these school shooters like every time it happens. You know they treat these kids like they have put them on like the top scoreboard. It's like you got ten. Why do you do it wow? That's always the question: why do you do it? Who is let's get pictures of it ma'am? What it is Facebook page say tell me everything and then it's true like for a whole week for a whole new cycle. It's like every detail into this person, life yeah and it's like. Oh, he got ten, that's pretty good, but you know Columbine had like 50. That's the high score. Currently, that was a really great dry. You made a valiant. You know, effort to top the scoreboard for us ten, pretty good, mediocre school shooting. Well, how do you? How do you combat that I think the media needs to just shut the [ __ ] up yeah, don't show pictures, don't show names, don't talk about him like I'm doing now, but I'm making fun. The guy looks like you know: I mean I apologize for actually putting that up. I meant to scroll down to the that. Wasn't my fault dad's on the scroll, but it's not I do I do want to see his face. Cuz he's a goofy looking [ __ ] yeah, but like well we're making fun of him but I'm talking about like the established media right there. They romanticize him well, because people click it. They want to see it. The news has always just been like they're just feeding. Oh, you want the meat. We have the meat we're the meat makers, it's kind of related in a way to what I'm talking about with YouTube like Almighty watch time. But what they're after is the almighty click right and they don't they don't care, they don't analyze at what cost we pay. They pay. We as a society pay to get all those clicks. It's it's also. The amount of reporters who show up like the day of like robbed bet you right now, there's a shitload of like news vans parked outside the school, where this just happened. Trying to interview like parents and kids circus, it's [, __, ] insane know what I I've talked about it before, but it's worth mentioning again the really awful one in Vegas that happened yeah there was so many commercials during the live report like they just don't. [ __ ] even acknowledge or care yeah they're, rolling, dr. pepper, ads I, took pictures of all my phones. I was so shocked during a live report there on the call with the doctor yeah that way reports are in that he was enjoying a nice refreshing, dr., pepper, right before he went in there guns blazing this catastrophe reporting brought to you by doctor doctor this school shooting brought to you by coca-cola mmm. That's peppery have a fresh one, get excited with a coca-cola and shoot up your school. By the way. Did you get you? Oh you got shot hey what happened? What don't take him in the ambulance? Yet I want to interview this guy yeah. Exactly that's not far. The leg wound he's fine. This excuse me, young man, you appear to be bleeding here, have a sip of this nice coca-cola get you through it. I should not disturb. Yes, we can the official beverage of school shooting. It is pretty ridiculous. There is there's a one in Texas there's like videos of like you know. These kids are given the quotes and [ __ ], but it's there. It's the reporter and then, if you look, there's a [, __ ] shitload of reporters all like. Oh look at that yeah just vultures man, absolutely they don't think about it. They don't understand the consequence. You know making money. That way. Do you think people like within the world of journalists are like hey man love the way you reported that to school, shooting school shooting. So how did you get those kids out of the ambulance? So you could interview them that kid was basically he was bleeding to death, no and the way that you got that extra little interview out of him was spectacular. Who does your camera work? It was incredible. I'm getting job offers from everybody. Everybody wants me they get oppor wants me for their new spot. They should give out a like catastrophe, Pulitzer's or a hey. It's like after a massacre, it's just like who reported it the best who got the most people paused from going into the ambulance. Oh, they didn't tell me how it would disruptive to triage so I I. Think. First of all, that's that's, in my opinion, the biggest problem because it enters unconsciously people's minds. These disgruntled kids, you know which have always existed. Let's just let's not have like mental illnesses. A new thing. This is always existed, but people are manifesting it in this way. They have this idea, like almost you up of school, because of the way that the media fetishizes it you become an antihero alright and there's like there's people that, like really fetish, sighs like girls are like I've heard. Writing love letters to like this school shooter and [ __ ] that shit'll never make sense. You know that is so bizarre. It is but I mean she got married and yeah and prays a [ __ ], because it's like he's, oh he's an anti rock star. You know he was in the news he's in the media everybody's talking about him, the most famous guy in the world. Don't show the picture. Don't talk about him, I, don't [, __ ] care that click like always a hero I want to dissect every part of his life. Like he's not that interesting he's just a [, __ ] he's a loser I, just like the way the human mind works, I want to get to the bottom of him figure out. Oh, he got bullied that that's which isn't yeah. Well, he got bullied. He took his dad's gun, he's they're, not interesting people, they're [, __ ] loser their kids too. They, let's need help. How yeah yeah it's your mind, is a lot more fragile when you're younger nice, so you can rebound just as well. That's the other aspect that I think is [. __ ] up the media is making it so much worse. I think that it should be illegal honestly to talk about this [ __ ] used to settle around on just report that it happened. You know it's a I think it should be straight-up illegal to [, __ ] fetishize, these school shooters. The next part, is what you touch on. Is that I think that kids are under way too much [ __ ] pressured yeah we're making kids grow up real fast these days, maybe that's just me being an old man. Well, I'm. Looking about when I think back to my experience in high school when you're there, everything feels deadly serious yeah your relationships, your grades, you know what college am I going to go into. Everything feels like this is my life and it's deadly serious. But now, looking back on that, I realize how little that [, __ ] mattered at all grim right and kids. They get so [. __ ] stressed out cuz they're, just kids they're underslept, then I'm gonna sleep they're working to a heart, yeah! Well, you may, when you're in high school, you waking up at like 7:00 6:00 a.m. every morning that as an adult the either, can you imagine what, if I wake up at 6:00 a.m. it ruins my whole [ __ ] week, I just sleep under this table last night. Just so I can make it to this podcast. Now man, it's brittle sane, it was cool though shredder kept me company is not nibbling. On my face yeah, it's I was so sleep-deprived in high school. There were so many days where I just didn't sleep, yeah I'd be up and it was all of a sudden 2:00. In the morning yep I'm, like I'll [, __, ] I got homework or like five hours or something like that. But yeah kids need sleep more than anyone else, because their brains are developing I, don't get where this whole 7 a.m. in 30 a.m. start time for schools coming from I. Think they're, just trying like I, get it they're trying to prepare you for like the workforce. They want them out in time for lunch right. Thank you. Don't don't you leave high school like two yeah, two or three, but work ends at five, so yeah get him in there eleven twelve I mean even even work is called 9:00 to 5:00 9:00 to 5:00, not 7:30, to -. It's it's I, think well, I, guess part of it is probably that it's more convenient for parents, I, don't know you know, I, don't know what it is yeah, but whatever it is well and and and and like teachers are giving kids so much homework like all this college. Prep, like I, remember, you're, just I worked harder in high school than I did in college. Hmm things felt way more serious back. Then you had a ton of [ __ ] homework, a ton of expectations. You got like guidance counselor's down your ass, yeah and I still dropped out of college. Didn't work on me did not got the [ __ ] out of there, but college is, is, is more special in that you're on your own right, you get to make your own value judgment about how serious it is. Yeah, all right, I, just couldn't wake up. Really no I didn't I classes. You're tough man, yeah get up is the hardest one. But my point is that I think that, ultimately, if kids realize more that this is an insignificant part of their life, that it's not that serious right that they don't need to be. That stressed out about how successful their social life is or if they [ __ ] girls or whatever stupid [ __ ], like your life, completely changes yeah after high school. You know that life is is, is really insignificant and I think that, instead of piling on all the pressure to these kids, we need to to take some of the pressure off and let them know that there's a whole new life after high school I, wonder where the cycle on that starts -, because we're putting a lot of pressure on kids with like testing and all that stuff. But a lot of that is because teachers are getting [, __ ] if they don't keep their kids grade, it's systemic yeah, it's it! You know it starts above the teachers heads with people being like you know. If you don't completely, you don't get your kids grades within this range. You're fired or you know, you're just not getting the raise. You wanted everything a raise. What does something like that? And teachers already get paid? [ __, ] yeah, some, it's a breeding ground of stress because, like you just said, the teachers paid in they're stressed and they're under a lot of stress. Now they got to worry about like [, __ ] gunfire right working, one of them. Now they have to become prepared to put their life on the line with armed conflict. This guy's, this guy's teaching science or whatever is I, could crush a skull with his bare hand, god I wish. There was footage with this. Have we gotten into this guy I'm gonna get into the details of this guy's Harrison era heroism in a moment, but until then enjoy this cartoon here there asked looking gladiator hood god I doubt a bit that guy gives great hugs. Can you imagine a hug from from that? Oh he hugged someone real hard to death. Possibly I want to see it. Uh-Huh I think kids are under too much [ __ ] pressure. It doesn't doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. If, when I have kids, you know you always get to fantasize about how what have a great parent? Nobody, even though you'll suck, but it's like right when I have kids just like just listen, do good try hard, but just realize that this doesn't matter because, like, for example, the kid that shot up his school, he was bullied mm-hmm. But in your mind, you're. Like nobody likes me, girls, don't like me, I'm getting picked on my prop. My life is over. I have no prospects. You hear about kids in school killing themselves because they're, like my life, is over that's so nobody [, __ ], cares about high school yeah. You get to hit the reset button on on everything about you. When you leave those clays just go, you can now call yourself a different name if you want, like it, you'll you'll, exact, very likely, not see these people again for a long time or just every Christmas. When you come home, that's right or not. Even then you get to pick who you want to see exactly maybe a run into my rouse, but you can not even talk to them. Yeah and maybe there'll be the like the checkout guy Lee. They change and you're. You've got a 3.8 GPA in college and you're like wow I'm, really glad I didn't shoot this guy yeah it all. That was the that was the limit. No I just didn't expect it. I didn't expect they'd be like hey I'm back home for Christmas yeah. My bullies checking bags I'm, really glad I didn't murder him, but I didn't shoot this guy. As he's living. A mrs. teacher would have you know what else you know what else I think when I was a kid and even back more I feel like the school. Shooting increase has gone up in direct correlation to how much people are coddling, their kids kids used to [ __ ] fight. They used to scrap they used to give each other [ __ ], but you're a kid you're getting out aggression and confusion. You're going through puberty, you have all this [ __ ], going on in your life. Like look at dogs at the park. Puppies puppies are just like kids, they scrap they fight, they play yeah, you don't punish a dog or in fact you you you, you want to let them fight you want to. Let them learn how to interact and like kids, they get in a fight or if they get in a confrontation. With the kid it's like you're suspended, your parents are like yeah laws, then how the parents come down on them hard. They literally expel a kid for fighting. That's [, __ ] insane that is gone. I. Think my high school had a zero-tolerance policy for fighting where like. If you walked up and punched the kid you both get expelled were suspended. That wasn't the cute part I had that too. If you get attacked yeah, if you get so, you could really ruin someone's day by punching them in the face and getting them suspended. You punch them. Anti expulsion, yeah and you're suspended all right, but, like seriously there's a direct correlation here. Yeah kids need to scrap your kids out there. Your your minds are fragile, throw a punch just just but seriously. Would you rather get in a fight or someone come up with bottled rage and jacked up to school, I mean I I'm, not a fighter. The only fight I've ever been in was in elementary school, but it felt good I got it out of me and I went home and I felt real bad about it. I was like you feel guilty. Yeah I felt guilty and my parents were like what the [ __ ] were. You thinking I think. Don't can't do that that thing to do well, kid yeah, can't don't don't be like this right, I used to fight a lot in elementary school yeah. It was easy these kids they just want to. But like it's important, it's part of the melon. You know. If somebody's bowling, you should be able to throw a [, __, ] punch, you're, building, neural pathways to find right and wrong. That's right, and if you you coddle the kid too much they're not gonna have any impression of what they should do on their own and there's no outlet. Imagine you're this kid. This who's you're bullied you are, you are coddled, you have no outlet for your aggression, yeah and your dad has got a gun, and you hearing about the media's like this guy got 23 confirmed, kills the second deadliest school, shooting I, wonder who will top it next keep keep it keep it posted. It's Lee posted! It's like the top gear that show Top Gear has the the best race times right, exactly that, that's exactly right! So leaderboard who's gonna beat Hugh Jackman yeah yeah I mean we need like us yeah. We need a what do you call that when you have a draft to support steam Oh fantasy, you need a fantasy school shootings. Well, let's just call it like. It is guys. That's where we're headed. Let's take some bets, it is. It is pretty uh reprehensible just to like, because when I see the the headline I'm like oh, oh, okay and then I'll like look at the comments, be like goddamn. Well, you know. Oh damn there was a school shooting this morning, I go to the New York Times cuz I'm, trying to find any newspaper. We update it's not even on the front page. Wasn't that what you want in a way? That's true! That is what I want. Do you think that what do you think that that's what they did or were they just like? Well, what I saw that as a symptom of was that we're so desensitized, because nobody died, yeah they're like well, nobody died. It's not really scoop there'll be a better one. Next round man, if that's I'm, I'm, pretty optimistic but I, think you're, I think you're on to something I'm. All anybody died. No, a couple of shots were fired. Someone got injured, nobody died, there'll, be a better one. Next week, wait show me the picture. The guy stopped it again. All there. We got a story yeah. This beefcake know it seriously. It's a dime, a dozen yeah all I know is that I don't see anybody I see a lot of people talking and I. Don't see anybody, [, __, ], McRoy, I, don't see anybody actually making any I, don't give a [ __ ] at this point, what it is if we're changing school hours, if we're loosening pressure for allowing fighting allowing fighting are like or if we're banning guns, yeah I, don't see anything happening, there's something clearly very wrong and it's time to do something about it. It's it happens way too often and uh. It seems to be a pretty common thread that the kids are just grabbing their parents guns, so I would start there and try to make sure parents are much more responsible with their weapons. So this kid who were talking about Texas who killed ten people, his dad went on the news and he said he said I. Don't think of my son as the as a criminal he's a sweet kid. He was bullied in school. He's the victim says the dad, whose guns who the kid took his dad's guns, yeah the shooting on yeah. We have a clip of that. Damn you have any media about that. That would be a good use of the NRA to like clip. We all with the media. We have has the picture of the kid mmm. Okay, we don't need to show him again, dad google, it a piece of crap but anyway the dad. That's so rich, like bro yeah, don't be that guy. First of all, yeah we need to look at the parents. You [ __ ]. You had weapons that your kid was able to access that easily right right under your [ __ ] nose and go kill people. Maybe your son was the victim, but then that makes that makes you you're liable. Yeah, don't start punishing the parents. Let's start there throw his ass in prison, yeah [, __ ] it people would lose their minds. If that happened, though, like I, don't know people, people get so [ __ ] pissed off when you bring up guns, you're like no like I just said the word. Man just seems to be how the conversation always goes yeah. But if, like the NRA, okay, keep your guns, yeah your [ __, ] guns, but I'm. Just saying: if somebody uses your guns, your children to kill people, then you killed those yeah look into how the kid got the gun. If the kid just took it off above the fireplace like that's not very responsible to have it's got around. In my opinion, keep the guns keep. They are 15 I, don't [ __ ] care, I, don't care about gun control. If the kid like knocked you out and then took your key and then unlocked it and [ __, ], yo, I kind of you know, I did everything I. Could my kids always like walking around with the key on you? That's true yeah, that's good point! There's no excuse keep the guns, but if your kids use it to kill people, then you're going to prison in their place. We've gotta educate, [ __ ] parents about how not to give their guns to their children. Well, they're gonna know their ass is on the line. You know it's funny when you have a gun in your in your house. You're like oh I, don't want an accident to happen, but now we got to be like. Oh I, don't want my kids to take these and kill people right cool with it. Yeah, maybe maybe like show a kid, a bunch of college movies and be like look kid. You just got to make it to here. Yeah here check out someone's gonna suck your dick yeah I guarantee it what's. What's a good college movie we're the old ones, you know [ __, ], Belushi, yeah, Animal, House, Animal House watch show your kid Animal House. Let him know that shit's gonna get real cool. You were later on. You know it's funny. I was a virgin in high school and I did I [ __ ] like the first week of college, really I'm just saying it's real there you go guys. That's all you need to hear you. You know you mad he's not getting high schools. No one gets laid in high school, the first week of college. She was hot too. My man I'm just saying the dream is real yeah, oh cool cool, your jets, everybody! No yes, Sam quit shooting each other. First week of college you're gonna get laid. That's not a bad message. Yeah, that's not a bad message as bad as it is now cuz high school, all my most depressing, embarrassing moments that, like make my eyes pop open at night, a lot of them, the majority of them, are from high school. Nothing was ever as embarrassing later in life as it was as a high school student, because you're [ __ ] hormones are flying everywhere. You don't really know how to be a social creature if you're underslept, unless you're like a football star yeah, like you, know, you're just trying to have a normal life and figure out what you're gonna grow to become right and I mean it's not it's so unusual for a child to grow up that way and that, like extreme of conditions like I, mean natural, all right go for a gun, get the go for good yeah on a farm shooting the Gophers right as far as crossbow get it out. Yeah killing animals, not exactly a good alternative. Well, Gophers Gophers a good day. They could ruin a crop all right. Let's take a quick break guys. We will be right back. We've got a tight tight schedule. We have so much to get to it's gonna be insane up next, actually, we were goofing on prints. Oh yeah, yeah, oh wait! There's more I wanted to talk about the school shooting. This morning, this PE teacher at Green had a [ __, ] basketball on him that he pegged the kid in the face. A twelve-year-old. We're gonna talk about that when we come back from this break, yeah I'll go away. Thank you to quip for sponsoring this episode, the h3 podcast, you guys know um, you love them. It's quip! It's the best! Toothbrush on the market, I praise their name every morning, I have a shrine to equip in my bathroom. I have candles around it and little bits of toothpaste, and it's it's my shrine. It's my morning, ritual and I say thank God for clip this morning. Thank God. Listen to this clip is an electric toothbrush. That's a fraction of the cost of bulkier brushes, while still packing the right amount of vibrations that can help clean your teeth. Clip has a built-in timer that helps you clean your dentist for recommended two minutes with guiding pulses that remind you to switch sides. Next whoops subscription plan for your health, not just convenience, get that straight buster. They deliver new brushes new brush heads on a dentist recommended schedule, every three months for just five dollars, including free, worldwide shipping. What qyp also comes with the amount amount that sucks right to your mirror and unstick to use as a cover for they? Really they using this suction mount as a selling point. They really push this thing. I I have no problem, just putting it with the rest of my toothbrushes. You know what I mean, but maybe that appeals to you. You know it's a toothbrush, you you put it with your other toothbrushes. That's kind of the appeal to me is that it's just it's a really great electric toothbrush, that's just a toothbrush! You know what I mean you just put it there. You don't have a big brick that you have to charge it overnight or anything you just hey forget about it, huh, eight, all right and finally, everybody loves quip everybody. It's like riemann, but a toothbrush they're on Oprah's list and named Times best invention and the first subscription electric toothbrush accepted by the American Dental Association, really a subscription right. Let's not forget, goop, who said quote this toothbrush can also be used in various other ways. I, don't know I'm, not quoting coop I, don't know if they said it's a great toothbrush, plus they're, backed by a network of over 20,000 dentists and hygienists, and hundreds of thousands of happy brushes used clip every day. This toothbrush is my favorite. It's taking my mouth cleaning to the next level. So here's what you do get quit. It starts at just $25. If you go to get quipped comp, /ht right now, you'll get your first refill pack furry with a quip electric toothbrush. That is your first refill pat refill pack free at get quick, calm, /ht, that's GE, t qu, IP, comm, /h 3. Thank you to quit. Let's go that! Wasn't that bad right short little breaks, yeah! No, that felt great to me. I thought was a perfect amount of time. If I don't say so much. We weren't live no dude. You just solved the the hold the last two minutes. We've been talking about and talked it through yeah we talked to that Obama called us. We figured it out. Oh, my god, you guys, but I got I hope you guys are enjoying the shorter breaks because we used to do him like ten minutes. I hope that it's you know you guys can stick around there anyway. So this [ __ ]. What do you even call that he's like a meat sandwich said he looks like the mountain from Game of Thrones? Yes, he does so what happened? Was this twelve-year-old? How the [ __ ] does a twelve-year-old shoot up a school but anyway a twelve-year-old? He doesn't. He gets pegged in the fish. Well, the twelve-year-old shot this guy three times as he was trying to take him out. Oh [, __ ], all right she's down the wrong pipe sputters coughing, you, okay, buddy, he's fine! You know the Mike shredder I think he choked on the water yeah I'd do that to poor guy Oh God, so cute, all right, this guy he got shot three times this fellow piece of [ __ ] in his class pulls out two handguns that he got from his parents. We were shooting up the school. This guy is a basketball in hand. This monster just first of all, remove the gun and imagine as a as a monster of a huge guy like this, taking a basketball and just slamming it into a kid's face as hard as you can yeah. He didn't even see the guns [ __ ] he's like oh he's, shooting people, my kid had a gun, so this guy got shot three times, but he beamed him in the face as hard as he flew. That's the only time in life as an adult you get to throw a basketball at a child's face as hard as you can yeah and make it look like an accident. It's gotta feel this is the first time you can like get. The news covers. It cause my hero, exact. It felt really good. Yeah how'd you become a hero, oh I, smashed the kid in the face with a basketball full full force, you imagine his feet must have gone slammed against the wall. Yeah they likely made out of dots like you, yeah you've seen these half shots where the kid gets beamed in the head and they're just like right. It's just some. Always some little kid running around behind the [ __ ], basketball, net, I, love them and just getting clobbered little fatally destroyed. What what could have made it better was if the basketball went into a net after that right, like it'll, do everything off the kid's head right into a basket? Dude perfect video yeah, wait what you know dude perfect. They do like trick shots Oh in the face and then into a yeah, perfect swish. Well, now, they've got the the impetus to do that that bit. Dude perfect needs to be trolling our schools again team, Penn fans well anyway, so this guy's, a [ __ ] hero. He took his. He slammed him in the face and took him down. He got shot three times and this goddamn hero. It's a great picture of him too. It's like yeah I, no one's ever gonna, see his picture of me. Look at that bicep man [ __ ]. That can throw it base. Oh my god, yeah! Imagine the like I'm! Guessing this guy's hand is probably the size of the basketball like it didn't even slip. He just no I'm do yeah. He definitely bombed it. Yeah I'd love to see that man little [, __, ] demon, 12 y'all, gets so disturbed. They bring handguns. This is. This is definitely free rein to just [ __ ] on a twelve-year-old. We don't know often had I said if I had a basketball- and he was here at throws right in his face. I [ __ ] hate kids, so this is cool with me right so anyway, as I was saying, Prince EA, who we had goofed on just a little bit in our previous video, because I was talking about how I really like taking a break from social media and I. Think social media is becoming addictive and if I'm a problem and then I recalled man, I used to make fun of this guy Prince EA was talking about the same thing. I do am I agreeing with him what's going on here, we watched his video, we goof something a little bit and he saw that and he reacted to it. So I thought we would pull up a clip of your boy, Prince eager watching just a clip of it go ahead. Dan, are we on the same page? I? Don't know! Maybe you know, let's talk about it, um I'm down I'm down to have a chat. You know, let me know um I'm easy to connect with, but but yeah. So thank you for you know, checking out the video um really dope, really don't really dope great shirt. Great hat you both! Thank you so much for analyzing it. You know you guys come from a perspective of you know. While as well as humorous. It's also, you know you keep it real as well. So I appreciate that man and there you have it h3h3. What's up, thank you guys for watching this reaction to a reaction, video and see you next time: okay, [, __, ]! You you, you piece of [, __, ], all gracious cook like complicating how I look when we watch all 20 minutes of his reaction, video to like see if there was drama and it's just him being the nicest guy funk entire time. I, don't like that! That's the gold standard on how to do that. Yeah he's a sweetheart yeah he's a class act, I wonder what I would ask him I wonder what I'm wondering is like. Do you use your phone? How much do you use your phone? You know. Are you conscious about how much you use your phone? What makes you a prince? What are your? What are your yeah? Do you support loot boxes, hmm right, ei, joke no, no I mean I, can ask anyone that I was just wondering like her to giggle. So maybe we should reach out to the Prince and get some commentary yeah. He sounds he sounds like he's down. You sound like you're down, I. Think it's uh, we'll work it out. I'll, give Rugrats hat -, that's pretty cool right. Can we stop sucking his dick, like I? Get it he's super nice he's super cool, super gracious! You know he uh he's the sweetest guy ever and I'm just sitting here like a [, __, ] bigot out of him, I'm gonna make him my boyfriend yeah I'm gonna, [, __ ]. Him probably gives he probably sucks a mean dick. It's probably really nice about it. Yeah, your dick is really well-manicured, you know and it fits like really nice down. My throat he's the best I hear that all the time, though so that just be your penis is really well-manicured. Now look at that manicure perfectly truly [ __ ], I goodness, following up on another story from last week, y'all may remember the story of how, in ruined my [ __ ] life with a Sharky's gift card, hmm Ian gave me a Sharky's gift card that I repeatedly tried to use and every time I tried to use it. They wouldn't accept it. I ended up spending like $150 trying to use this gift card. How did you spend $150 every time I would go, they wouldn't take the car, oh, so you would already and I never even wanted. Sharkies only went there because of the gift card and I was like Ian. Take the card back and I. Dare you to try to use it and come come in here you need to confront. You have a seat sit right there in in the in turn. This is the first time I, don't know. If there's a first time, we've shown your face, but he's kind of a mythical character in here drink it in in tell me about your experience. Trying to use the gift card yeah, so I, I drove over I was forced a little bit. You threatened me I turkeys, right, even I didn't want it, but I wouldn't want it. I wasn't hungry. You were like you better well. I gave you all week. I was like Ian used the gift card for the segment we're doing on Friday and then Thursday I'm. Like did you use the gift card? You're like no. It's not my fault. It's like six is like six pm used the turkeys gift card. What'd you order. That's the thing, I didn't think it would work. So I ordered something I didn't want, because I didn't want to have the disappointment when it when they swiped it, and they said no. This doesn't work so I ordered a nasty salmon black bean. Oh you got this salmon. Why that's the one on the menu where I was always like? I I, don't know what I want, but I know I don't want. Yeah I was like I'll pick that cuz, then, when she says I can't have it. I won't be sad huh and then she swiped she swiped it four times it took four. That's a fine detail, yeah and see what happens is when I go there. They swipe it once and I like get out. No, it kept going and she even gave me like a and that's weird I'm like it's a wrap. This is not happening, but then she typed it in punched all in and it it went. It was a good eat. The salmon burrito yeah I reluctantly was it good. It was okay, all right. It was all right. Okay, I can I do I, yeah, I, know I I suspect collusion if I'm being a prank in what way. Well all of a sudden, oh you're, dining at Sharkey's on salmon, one of the most coveted fishes on the ocean so by the way Sharky's reached out to us yeah. This is a great detail, a PR person from Sharky's emailed an and was like we're. So so can you read the email, dan yeah one? Second, we've got it you're watching right now like this is our episode? No, what what I think that they made a note on my account to some capacity on that gift card, which is why she was like huh. She did look at it for a while or scream kind of wonder what it says. Yeah says charged this cuck on his debit card. Ask for the Democrat this guy's a [ __ ] church's debit. How would they know, though, that it was yours because it set out a company-wide bulletin? Well, the last time I was there, which was the really dramatic visit when I was waiting for like 10 minutes. While my food was getting room temp and they were calling headquarters trying to use the card mmm the guy kept staying on the phone cuz he's like. Can you just pay with your card and use the gift card later I was like that's the whole point. I came here to use the gift card. I, don't want to spend $20.00 I didn't even want this food, so he might have put some kind of note on the on the card. Look out for a scared. Looking intern yeah the facial recognition, software I got the got the email it's here so subject line. Is we want to make this right? Hi Ethan? We heard your podcast complaint and apologized to wait and rating experience. Do you have sad music? You can accompany it with thinking I'm a big difference. The only music I have, let's just make it with our mouth, not appropriate at all. Okay, you can record and read it. Alright, we heard your podcast complaint apologize. Stop that just just google it sad violin. This is important. Trust me. It's gonna make it way better. Here we go emails like two sentences hey. This is so much better. Okay, good [Music], subject line. We want to make this right. Hi Ethan. We heard your podcast complaint and apologize for the frustrating experience we'd like to learn more about the gift card incident and how we can make it right for you and also troubleshoot what went wrong. Can we please talk, please let me know if there's a number we can reach you or if it's more comfortable call me on my cell phone at any time at your earliest convenience, sincerely I love that we addressed it as the gift card incident. That's my favorite details like the name of a sub. That's there that's their slogan right Sharky's! We want to make this right. You know we reached out to her and I said we want to have a phone call, but we want to put it on the on the episode to keep the segment updated and they refused, but I'm waiting Sharky's to make it right because, frankly, you know you guys have have [ __ ] up I was young Ethan they're like actual cart, they're card sharks, but their card Sharky's. Thank you. I thought it I'm still why your hands like I, got a bit this in at some point. I saw you read your hand in do I got it I want to ask you. You have an interesting story about how you came to work for us. You know you wrote us a ton of times trying to get in the door. Why did you do that? What kind of stupid read it? Do you regret it now? Not all! Maybe when I was eating that salmon burrito yeah, but no yeah I really spammed, you guys a lot. I've never asked you because that's an interesting thing that do is to like, and it's the only time it's ever worked because you're, not the only person, that's done it, but either one person, that's stuck out. Yeah. Tell me about that. It's kind of like you know, once you get rejected once just keep going because you've got nothing to lose. Let me ask you this: were you writing other organizations not really for that capacity? What was it that you were so honed in on us about I mean I was a fan of you, guys and I watch the show? That's that's what you're baiting for right? Well, I was kind of expecting that you are writing everyone, town mmm, just anyone yeah, maybe if I knew their email right, but you know sometimes kind of hard to find. Well, you were emailing us like every. How tell me about the UH I emailed a couple of times. Well, the fruit I think what got me to keep going was how open you were. The first response. Mmm, you guys were like oh cool, send some stuff over mmm I feel like most people I like to know right. You know, even if I applied for a regular like Starbucks or something the guide, yeah really yeah, you don't like the sound of that yeah, but you guys were so like okay, yeah yeah, maybe I think it was serendipitous. We were looking for an intern. At the same time, your email was well put together now you're full of regrets and you're eating, San Rita's, alright come on salmon and black B hit, get the hell out of here. Get better. Thank you. Listen chrissake, thanks, Ian I! Don't I, don't pay you to [ __ ] chitchat. Thank you! I'm! Really, Sharky's I'm gonna need to update from them yeah yeah. They need to make this right, I'm still pissed, that they got rid of chronological order. I'm still hung up on that. On that. You know right all right: we got to take another break, it's a short one. That was 20 minutes the time right. This ship flies right, but I mean it was 20 minutes right Dan. This is insane quite I mean this is a good time to take a break, though it's only a short one. Don't go away. You guys give me a break. It's a quick one. You know we uh. Why am I getting so defensive? Why is it so weird that I can't have commercials you watch television 20 minutes in between a whole runtime of a 30-minute shows 20 minute. Well, you're, you're, very empathetic. You know you're! Always thinking about you know their best interests, Ryan to figure out you think of them. Anyway. You put yourself in their shoes st., oh yeah, really I'm, a great guy. That cares a lot about my viewers right, although really I mean that belt earlier was pretty [ __ ] up well, yeah I'm very same like yeah: that's it covered. Okay. He and the intern everybody he was. He was living on Isla, actually, I loved him in intern he's cool day. That's a cool story. Yeah he turned out. You know you never know what someone like that. That could well be just a weirdo, but he's actually I. Think ian is a great, humble, sweet young man right here. Yeah there they're all gray I don't mean to just ride his dick they're. All really terrific people about right, specifically in I, just want to say uh. He also has a really well manicured penis and it just slides right way. No, none I meant to be that he's sucking my he's. It was in the email he was letting use that mind, yeah Mike what it would really like. Yeah, that's how I got on tosh point-o, you told him they had some pictures of my dick. No, it was very similar, I, just spammed their email. Wait. You seriously got on the show like that. Yeah I, email, I found Tasha's agents name online and he had just done a bit on his show where he was smoking salvia and trying to do. [, __, ] and I was like oh wait. Yeah I thought that was in response. That was like part of the same episode where the show you know that was different. I saw that bit that and I immediately was like well I could be a complete [ __ ] about this and accuse them of ripping off a bit, which there's actually no proof that that's what they did sure, because the idea is it's out there. It's not funny idea yeah, they did yeah like you, some of it sure pasa credibly I can't yeah. They can deny it there's reasonable doubt, there's yeah so I emailed his agent, and it was this big email where it was like I challenged, Daniel Tosh to a tire drill on salvia or like a obstacle course on salvia and like may, the best man win and like just very tongue-in-cheek and the email somehow got its way to his producer on the show and I got a call from one of my buddies. Who knows a writer on the show and he was like how convoluted he's like you're gonna get a call in a week and I was like. Oh what alright the how that worked. How is this also like direct? It was, it was insane. Cuz. I didn't know that my buddy, this is my friend who, as far as I, knew had no connections to any of that world at all, and he just calls me it was like: hey man, you're gonna get a pretty interesting phone call a week. Interesting I was like what the [ __ ]. Are you talking about and you guys pull that up? I want to walk on beyond Tosh I wanna watch here in five minute, all right pull that up. We're gonna watch it after this break, hey somebody's got to pay in the end, turn five dollars a week. It's true and it's not gonna, be me. It's not gonna. Be me. It's gonna, be whatever it's a message after this em thanks, okay, just roll the rolling I've had it with all this bs underwear that shaves my fat massive waist I have a massive waist I'm pushing 40 waist size, okay, now proud of it. It's just a matter of fact. When you get these BS underwear, it shapes your side and and all of a sudden, you know a hard rubber edge, a hard cotton edge. It's not acceptable! That's why I love me undies. This is so soft, so flexible, so breathable rumors have it that they found Jesus's corpse, dug him up. What was he wearing me? Undies? They don't know what it's made of it's heavenly. They don't know what material it's made of, because it's mysterious. Actually they do it's made from naturally soft fibers from beechwood trees. That sounds biblical I. Actually, love me on these okay, it it's a game-changer. Look at this. You guys want to see how flexible and breathable this is. This is the mia undies wedgie. You can give yourself an atomic wedgie with me undies and it doesn't even hurt. Do you understand like this is basically just a massage for me at this point: checkers Wow purple, oh, come on a little peek of purple, these underwear they're in sand dude we're so sure, you're gonna love your first pair of me undies they if you're not happy they'll, do whatever they can to get you into the right pair and if they can't you keep them and you get a refund. Oh, my god, what they've lost their minds! So really it's a hundred percent risk-free to give a shot to try the best underwear ever made. That's a good offer and if you're already part of the me undies fam tell your friends about it. Through their referral program, you'll get a discount and store credit. That's the win-win! Here's the offer, if you're still not sure me undies, has a deal for my listeners. First-Time purchasers will get 20% off their first pair of me undies and free shipping. Oh, that's 20% off plus free shipping, and it guarantee that you and your me undies will be very happy together a sucka they make that sound like it's kind of a relationship in a way in it. You're gonna be very happy together with your me, undies I. Guess: that's not an unfair way to characterize I mean it is literally holding your your. You know, genitals all day, so it is a very important relationship and it's important that you guys are happy together, get your butt over to Mandy's comm and treat yourself, because that's really what it is to get your 20% off the first pair free shipping and 100% satisfaction risk free guarantee, go to Mandy's, dot-com /h Street. That's me on DS, dot-com, /, h3 and and give yourself the atomic wedgie challenge today and I want to see those pictures to ride it up as high as you can it and tell me that doesn't hurt that it's not a massage dude make sure you wipe like, if you don't wipe well, it might destroy I, don't understand people who have I've never had a skid mark come on underwear, but I've heard from friends that there's actually people that get [ __ ] stains on their underwear. So if you're one of these lunatics, it doesn't wipe his ass enough, for whatever reason don't do the atomic wedgie challenge because you might ruin your me undies and I wouldn't want that. So with that being said, let's get back into it. Hey whoo that break went by fast. I was in the bathroom and I really just danced like get the hell in literally just sprinted into a seat. That was amazing. All right, Eric is not back yet man. These short breaks, I'm not used to them. Cuz. We stopped like 10 minutes and God. You know [ __, ], [, __, ], all right, [, __, ] I, don't have to do it Eric's, not here, yeah I guess just push on. Without it there is Eric we're alive. [, __ ] went fast, quick and dirty. So up next, what the hell we're live, what it was happening, uh-huh what? What did? What did this turn into we're just hanging out now, dan and Erica, just jetting back back there? Oh we're trading recipe, I'm here I'm in the trenches. This amazing oatmeal raisin cookie recipe, I got it I should go. You want me to. Are we gonna start drinking he's like she's like Ethan promise me one thing promise me want to: let you break that promise here. I'm gonna break both promises right now. This is that promise me one thing: Ethan no talk about racial issues and don't drink so up. Next we have Kendrick, Lamar goes on stage and a white girl says the N word and they can do I'm. Sorry, no I'm, not gonna drink, but I am gonna. Talk about this yeah. Did you look like a kill button right? This kill he's got like a key that turn it that's a funny idea, so Kendrick Lamar was in the news this week. A young white fan was in the front row, presumably, and he always does a set his shows. He invites people to come up and rap mmm, which is a concept that does is kind of strange to begin with, like. Why do it so much? Every show you know I've heard some people say that it helps sell tickets, but as if there's hoards of people who dream of going on stage, I don't know I, don't think so. Here's my moment I feel like it really slow down the show. If you have some little brat upstage trying to sing this is when I go, take a break like if they pop somebody up on stage he's not the person I paid for it me all right. Well, I'm gonna go get a taco or something right, but it's not even long enough for you to do that right anyway, so this girl comes up and she sings good kid. Maad city, which is a pretty hardcore, hip-hop song with a lot of obscenity, including the n-bomb like many times throughout, know many many times throughout. So she comes up and she says you know she's singing the lyrics and she drops that n-bomb many times just singing the lyrics and the audience loses their minds. So go ahead and play it then [Music], [Applause] [Music], we start [Applause] I told you every time where wait: uh, stapler, Sidious, listen, I've, no idea using kiss big family got me down by the end. Lettuce on, like the city, go against me every time industry good, there [Music] a. Hopefully the crowds aren't large [Music] [Applause], both throwing [ __ ] at the stage. Now, if Jack was here, he'd tell you. This is fake, so here's my favorite part yeah go back then listen to this girl in the stage so like well, okay, the obvious is like of all the people to bring up and all the songs to have them perform. It's like why bring her up to do that song yeah I mean, as he said, anything did. Did he use it as a moment to like a educational, no yeah like? Was there a reason for it? You know. No, he just said don't say that word and then let her he let her continue. I think maybe just wanted to [ __ ] with someone. That's not funny. If that's what it I don't think, but he had to expect it to happen right because I mean oh, you know. Is this the thing I don't know if this is even true, but I saw something somebody was putting some context to it where it was like people had gone up before that same night or maybe a different show that in the same venue and they did the thing, but they censored themselves mhm and she was like the first one to just let it blast. Hmm. So maybe there's something to it there where people were like it's like a game, show almost person up, don't say that n-word say the word well, thank you for playing don't, say the n-word with Kendrick Lamar, yeah, [, __, ], sucked it up by the way this is in Alabama. Alabama I am oh yeah. You don't wanna, be Alabama, we're hangout and Alabama I mean well yet at any rate, I think Kendrick was like he let her continue. He didn't like kick her off the stage, but don't I think he just felt that the audience turned so hard. He had to solve. Yeah the I. Don't the part that I just loved the best Dan go and play it again at 1:10 onegai, my god, that's her mom stay tuned. You guys it's not. She didn't even realize yeah I feel bad I thought was her I'd be scared. I would be well. I would be scared to leave that place man. Those people were losing their minds. Nobody's gonna, [, __ ], her up probably throw some like styrofoam cups and some like, whatever, whatever they get the beer in I wouldn't want to be there she's not worth happy about it ultimate humiliation, the game, but if she says like some other slur, it's like she's done get her out of there. Don't torture. The poor girl I mean that shit's just funny that was just I, don't know man, that's just funny of all the people of all the songs yeah well for Christ. If, if it's on purpose it's funny and if he didn't realize that was gonna happen, still funny good work, it was he was all right. It was a guy who, when the last time I was on, you guys showed us. The Kendrick concert, we're like he brought the guy up in the guy. Just like did his own thing and sucked oh yeah, the free stuff, yeah yeah man. He has a lot of that's what you get when you bring these fans onstage, she he's create generating a lot of memes. I mean it's worth. It keeps a. It makes me want to buy a ticket. Now, does it you want to just go see the [ __ ] show yeah it's the nightmare. That is a Kendrick I, want to get up on stage and play the game. All right. Yeah I want to get off this topic before I, say the n-word or something I say and lose the game I've. So far been graceful, I, don't think I've said anything I just give me trouble. What did you say? No I didn't know, I mean we should get off it. You know it off it. Oh it didn't escape. Do you know what the game is, though you have to when you lose it? It's not at all. In reference to that, the game is something that you're playing it right now, in fact, they get the point of the game. I'm infecting your entire audience with it too. Now I, don't like this point of the game is to play the game to win. You have to not realize that you're playing the game. So if you forget that you're playing the game you win, but what you're talking about soon, as you remember, you're playing the game, you lose I just lost the game by remembering, let's move on playing the game, just don't say that in where that's the game I'm playing right. Now, that's good game to have passed. I came it's really I'm winning this game. So you're saying, if you you can google it the game as long you have the wrapper. You have to be aware of that you're playing the game as soon as as soon as you remember. It's it's like a doctor. It's like that. Doctor Who episode, we're like the monster only shows up, and you remember him. Okay, it's like that, but a game all right. This is to extensional. For me, all I know is that I escaped Kendrick and intended so far, I'm, not I. Think maybe you won the game by not not even why not the news there you go I'm the winner damn and why didn't I? Think of that. So this is another great story that I have been waiting to get to you guys I'm sure heard about the 30 year old, get a load of this guy. Oh that, first of all, let me just say to his credit: he didn't shoot up any schools, it's true! Well, he only had blades the first katana slicing gonna happen. I think that those went out of style with like the samurai yeah, like we're samurai schools. Did they ever have that issue samurais? Well, they always had their swords right. Well, people were able to defend themselves. If only everyone was armed, yeah do I, maybe have a incorrect vision, yeah, probably yeah. Probably you do I actually heard I've heard that in feudal Japan, not many people had were authorized to carry swords really yeah, just like the Shogun and stuff in the samurai, like they had better gun control in America, yeah, sword control goddamn. So anyway, this guy has not showed up a school to his great credit, but he is a 30 year old. That was, he lives with his parents and they served him. Five eviction notices to get the hell out of their house. Imagine hating your own child that much that. So they served as US five eviction notices and they eventually took him to court. You know- and he this guy, so this guy he fought them. He went to court and represented himself right to lobby the court to let him stay in his parents house that is [ __ ] insane holy [ __ ] holy [ __ ], so he lost yeah and he's gonna be appealing. The verdict he's announced I just I was telling you I really want to see this guy I'm. Like we're I, you know I'm I want to see him with like a cool ass haircut. Talking to the dudes and they're, like I, feel like give this guy six months. I'll end up. Looking like this, no matter what you did on him, you got to give up your katanas, so the guy owns katanas but dan. Here, let me let me read you some details from this. I'm gonna read these stories here. Oh my god, I love. This look at this scene. It's like red of the to kill, amok. Look at this biblical court case all right. He says I, don't see why they can't just you know, wait a little bit for me to leave the house. He told the judge. You say you're entitled to six months, which really doesn't the judge says you're entitled you say, you're entitled to six months, which really seems to be kind of outrageous that somebody in this day and age could be in somebody else's home with a six month notice before they have to leave the judge said I mean that creates all kinds of problems in the era of Airbnb. So right, as I said, this comes after six eviction notices. This is especially true for any weapon. You may have the note read. They sent him several notes, saying that he needs to sell stuff and get out. He has katanas that they asked him to sell. They said, sell your weapons, you will need the money and you have no place for your stuff, so this guy definitely has samurai swords and a waifu body pillow they [ __ ] every night yeah. You can't sell that. Can you resell that does that have resale value, stain I think that I use a new pillow yeah? If now that he's a public figure, someone will pay that things that thing's worth money yeah case you want to clone them he's been doing. We're gonna show a lot of the interviews he's done, but he's been on every media outlet giving interviews and I suspect that he's collecting checks from everyone right because he's such a buffoon and everyone just shits like in his open mouth in these interviews, but III swear to god. I hope he's getting paid because he is. It got like a thing at herbalife with him every time he does the interview and that's trial. Herbalife, oh no ha I wish he was getting paid, so it's some capacity, who's gonna need it, but he's kind of like the most famous guy in America right. He looks like he's giving a [ __ ] press briefing on life self, like no situation in Qatar right, please he's so famous. You would have think he's shot up a school in a legal filing Rotondo, which is his name said that in the eight years he has lived at his parents house. He has never been expected to contribute to the household expense or assist with chores and then maintenance of the premise that he says in his defense when they're like he doesn't do anything around the house yeah so he's like I lived here eight years, and nobody expects me to do anything, that's funny to hear that in legal terms, coz is usually just like. Why didn't you vacuum yeah when he was in his early twenties rotondo briefly lived on his own, but he moved back in with his parents after losing his job. On Tuesday he said he accepted 1100 dollars from his parents has an offering they said we can give you $1,100 to move out and get it deposit on a place and get the [ __ ] out of my house, because I hate, my own son, that mushy best place well, they live in, like I, don't know not know it know: Alabama yeah in Alabama, you can get a house for like 50 bucks, cool I mean that's not true, but like 500, probably a month can get you a nice place. So, instead of taking the money and putting a deposit on a house, he used it towards expenses. He squandered the money and then didn't move out yeah. Is there a list of what the expenses are? Not publicly he's just way more pillows. That's like wow subscription. What is on what is world of warcraft yeah great, my necromancer? What does he play you think now you play some like really obscure night yeah. All right, I thought you meant like instruments, I was gonna, say he's, probably a blade he's, probably on second life, and he probably [ __ ] like crazy. On second life, yeah yeah, what he's got yeah I got like a big-ass tail with a dildo. At the end, oh, you should hook. You should get a the granny [ __ ] to broom, with this guy have them be roommates. What's the advantage us? We we see, there's some symmetry there, take these cameras and stick them all around in the house. Well, I'll tell you what if you are listening, I would love to have him on our show and I'll pay. You handsomely for anything, I mean just if I can call you like. No, you out here, I'll pay. You in Sharky's gift cards, I'll, give you one thousand one hundred. Yes, all those I can get you one thousand one hundred dollars for your expenses. My dude anyway. He plans to appeal the decision, which is just the best juiciest part. Ever that's something. Well, we've got a ton of footage dan go ahead and, let's start with clip 17 leave it down down baby the [ __ ] man looks like a Hassid. This guy, you I, can't even imagine a more dramatic caricature of somebody who would have to be evicted by their parents at 30 years. Old yeah. Is that why this is a big deal in the news? It's funny cuz, it's yeah! It's strange! It's like offbeat news, but you can posit them how frequently I mean it happens relatively frequently that I'm not complaining, but a parent will kick their kids out. That happens all the time oh yeah, but how often do they have to serve a can an eviction notice six times and then sue them in court see now. This is what reporters should be chasing down instead of like pulling kids out of ambulance gunshot they're doing their due jelly, find this guy find every version of this guy out there and give us that sweet juicy, because everyone loves this I love it. Even this guy he's on all the shows. Um, let's see some clips from the CNN interview, CNN yeah did I say that funny no I'm just blown away. He was literally on every news outlet. Everyone this just happens to be happy. National wind I prefer to get out why I don't want to live there anymore. I know it's not it's very tense. It's very awkward! It's uh! We have to you know with the share space, which you know may be the case with with uh, where I would find myself afterwards, but um her face to get out. Okay, so on the prefer to get out, let's rewind for a second, because it's my understanding, you've lived, you know at your parents, house rent-free for eight years and I know you do your own laundry. You buy your own food, but they asked you come on great guy. Did I hear somebody in her studio laughter. What's all this without the court, I would consider much of what they were doing to try to get me out as a tax and what I was trying to it was just uh. You know this is what happens when you take a guy like this and put him on the [ __ ] news yeah like this should not exist this guy, this situation. This is CNN. This is world news. Why is he trying to get us to care? I think he what yeah I don't give a [ __ ] man, you got evicted, you must have [ __ ] up to just get a job parents of victims. You go work at McDonald's who [ __ ] cares you'll make enough money, minimum wage full-time to get a apartment. Your there will be no sympathy from the masses. No there's this guy, but I'm pretty sure they paid him for this because he's doing them all that'd, be strange. I mean see why CNN would pay this guy thousand bucks to do this. It's like it's great TV! No, maybe there's like something where it's like the more publicity, the more money here, I'm gonna make because of the publicity of lakes. Boy awesome, clicks, goddamn dan! Do you have the clip where he talks about how he has his son yeah? Give me one sec: that's the part that I was surprised by when I first came in. You guys were queuing this suppose it [ __ ] the guy's got a son like it makes it a little more sympathetic, but at the same time he he drops all that [ __ ] by just trying to smell. Are you aware of the are smell two of the component of my son and about how its super loud and also it smells like burning I? Think that's, probably is one of the lights. Sometimes the lights will smell like that. A bug gets in them like that smells like yeah I mean we just both have strokes and died. I'm yeah half concerned that I'm having a seizure and half concerned that the building is burning. Oh we're, starting to smell it out here, -, oh, no, don't burn down during a broadcast the guys from the hallway trust me sickening in on it. Yeah we'll know that something terrible has happened when a bunch of reporters show up and show [ __, ] microphones in all right hands, gonna dive in headfirst into this raging inferno, at least it's a report. Yeah, there's no windows in this building. There's no opening windows in this office. I'll make a window okay, I'll, follow you I got this [ __ ] throw a basket. Yeah I got basketballs buddy all right, so go ahead. You found the clip with the Sun, we're all about to die right now, yeah. What I mean? Are you aware, very loud of the component of regarding my son and about how I asked my visitation cut yeah? So right right after that, they're like well, we you know so much about the interface know what she [ __ ], hates this guy. It's amazing, that's a full-time job, doing and setting up an appeal for an order like that for custody visitation. You know what you need to do right now is get a full-time job, get health insurance over and throw you out, and it was devastating to lose. My son and skates that I uh I was just a really gay. I was done with them. I was done with him after that, I was done with them and the one after you can pause. It I like how this guy acts, like he's the only dude who ever had to take custom, Ike huh save the child. That's a full-time job. You expect me to work. He doesn't seem to have a full grasp of of how this looks. Everybody's, making fun of him come on man. Next up you starting a YouTube channel god. I would watch that. That's how it always goes like we made a video about them and FISA and George the the gold digger couple from 90-day fiance and they have a youtube yeah yeah. Everybody just rolls on down stream to YouTube's, and they did they split up or was that just clickbait I can't tell I think they did well. He got like something happened: Ryan got buff. He got arrested for selling weed um. What else we got anyway in this day and age and I didn't realize that was illegal anywhere I, don't know what he's up he's it look: okay, Danna! We had a tell me when we're out on the final commercial yeah I was about to cut in and say, maybe take the last break here. Okay, this is the last break. We are gonna be right back. We've got a ton of [ __ ] to get to a lot of juicy content. We've got news: we've got voice messages, we've got all kinds of juice. This is the last one. I got to stop getting like so sensitive about these breaks. You just gotta, making it I think I. Think the people appreciate it. Well, not every time I'm like pampering over it like hey, it's gonna, be okay. You know what you're just a quick two minutes, you're building up to the one where it's like really long. You know guys. This is not really that one and then it's gonna be like a 30-minute long, there's no long, one I swear to god pop one in alright, we're gonna go to a commercial and we will be right back. Thank you guys, bye, bye, thank you to stitch fix for sponsoring this episode, the HD podcast. Let's face it guys. Some of us don't have style some dudes, just look and sparkle, but some of us look like this and that's okay, because you've got stitch fix to come. Take care of your sloppy ass. Here's how it works! You tell them your size, you tell them your favorite type of clothes. How much you want to spend and your personal stylist is gonna, pick out all the clothes for you based on your preference boom. That's how we do it. You just answer some basic questions, your and then they spring into action and hand, select five brand new clothing items just for you, personal life status, sounds like something only the rich and famous can afford. Psych, that's a thing of the past. Now your broke-ass can afford. One ditch fix. Styling fee is only 20 bucks, which is waived. If you keep all five of the items they send you and since your personal stylist only uses your preference to pick your clothes you're still in complete control of the year, look once your items arrive, try them on and you only pay for what you keep. Don't like something need another size send back the item. No questions asked no questions asked or like there's a giant piece of [ __ ] in this underwear. No questions asked you said: I'm, not encouraging that I'm just kidding. Don't do that I'm. Just saying it's kind of funny no looks like they're almost there like I. Dare you no questions asked I feel like you could do something that will make you them. Ask a question of you, but hey that's a conversation for another time. Shipping is always free both ways. It's basically it's a it's a great thing: they send you clothing, the clothing that you want, that you need in your budget and then the great thing is you can try it on in your home. You don't have to go to Macy's and talk to like Beth. You know the stay-at-home mom who's way too enthusiastic about her job at Macy's, I, guess that would make her a stay-at-home mom. Maybe she part times and you get to try on clothing at your home and send it back if it doesn't fit and try another one. It's a great convenient beautiful thing, get your fix. Whenever you want or sign up to receive scheduled shipments. The choice is yours: I love, stitch fix, Dan, specifically loves stitch fix everything. His ass is covered in stitch fix. It's crazy Dan's been getting [, __ ] like crazy, since he signed it for stitch fix like a month ago. He's yeah he's he's. Always a late to work. I'm like damn worried of he's like I, was at the Planned Parenthood. Getting a shot of penicillin. I've got an STD again cuz of [ __ ]. So much is that right, then stitch fix man. It's crazy! Hurry to stitch, fix, calm, slash, a story to get started now, keep all five items in your box and you'll get 25% off your entire purchase. That's stitch fix, comm /h three sticks fix comm, /h, three, give him a shot. What do you got to lose? Give him a shot. You need clothes, don't you thank you guys for watching, let's right back into it hello and welcome back everybody. We've just gone over the 30 year old virgin at least the biryeo 30 of virgin had a job. I mean he's not urging him as a kid unless he adopted him Yeah right he's literally, not no man, this guy's [ __ ], at least at least. You know this guy [ __ ]. That's not fair that this guy [ __ ], who would who would touch that man's dick me I'll? Do it I would I'd do it for money? I pay him for it: I'd do it for a katana yeah. If you're, if you're listening, I'd suck your dick for a katana I'll blow, you I'll just blow offers on the table, standing I hope we can. But if you are watching I will pay you for an appearance. I want to talk to you all right. Let's move on what he's waiting for yeah there's money on the table for you um you did it I want to talk about. Amazon I mean the Amazon. Oh yeah Amazon, the giant retailer. Okay, no I've had this feeling for a long time with Amazon. It's so convenient. You go on there like by a beard trimmer by a foam cable buy whatever it's pops into your head: random, [, __ ], and it's got like five stars. Everyone loves it in the reviews and you order it and it's the worst product ever every [, __ ] time, there's like weird white dust in the [ __ ] packaging, and it just breaks it [ __ ], and it's like how did anybody give it this five-star yeah? Why are there so many good reviews right? Where did where did these people come to clearly a one-star product and I've been feeling that for years and and what I think is happening is that Amazon is has an existential crisis on its hands. They are not vetting the sellers and they slapped the Amazon Prime on it, which makes it look official. But all these scammers are reselling, Chinese, knockoffs, cheap or even fake neurotics. You know imposing or a potent to be a name-brand and an Amazon sells it as a prime item and and in doing so endorses it. Yeah anytime, I, see the Prime III assume it's a seal of approval. I'm I've been conditioned to to see that go. Oh if its own I, that's news to me yeah. But then you know I've been thinking this for a long time and I heard this ABC news story about fake iphone cables and so the the backstories. If you have a fake phone charger, you can actually destroy your phone because there's a little chip in them that regulates the current to make sure it doesn't get like surged. So, there's a little bit of technology in there that protects the phone. So if you selling people fake or shitty chargers, it can actually destroy your phone, as you can see here on the TV. So the story is that this group called GMA did a nun. Did an investigation into this. They bought eight cables. Three from gas stations, one from a popular discount chain store one from CBS, one from Walmart and two from Amazon. Okay, now you know the the results are somewhat predictable and that the gas station ones were fake. The discount store ones were fake because they're cheap as hell yeah, but the one from CVS and Walmart were real. Now, here's where it really shocked me I, didn't really shock me, but I was like damn I'm glad that somebody's talking about this two of the cables they bought on Amazon that claimed to be certified were both fake, separate sellers. Yes, both of them were fake. Damn and the thing is on Amazon they'll they'll charge you like the normal price. So that's how they get you you're like. Oh, it's, the wrong price. It's Amazon Prime, it's real! They you know, otherwise it would be 25 cents and you get like 20 of them right like okay, now, I know what I'm not other story like. Oh yeah dollar store charger like nobody expect. No, but everyone knows what they're getting there yeah at least I can have like a fire extinguisher ready. All right, no, like I, know what I'm getting into here. They sell the fire extinguisher along with the cable fire. Oh, it's must work. Things shocked me um, but I think that this is a huge, huge problem that Amazon and people in general are not addressing. Do you have a really bad Amazon story where you got something you're just like what, though, no it's just a lot of small things like I, said, buying a beard trimmer. This just that's probably happens at five stars and it's just it's awful yeah a lot of times. I'll buy something I'll just be like I'm gonna, throw this out and frankly mean Hira have stopped by a lot of stuff on Amazon because we know like we bought a hot pot. You know what that is like these Princeton pressure cookers, oh yeah, yeah, yeah and, like people are there's their seller selling counterfeit hot pot. Those are scary, those blow up on you right, though, like if it's not made right or if it like, doesn't properly seal. Well, whatever there's a lot of energy coursing through those scare, the show like I I, don't know like people are talk, talk a lot about how Amazon's this great big retailer, that's like taking over the world, but it's a breeding ground for scammers and Amazon is not doing any work to help differentiate the legit ones, and then I saw this it's kind of unrelated but I'm getting to the point where, on Amazon and on the Internet as a whole, I'm, assuming that every online review I'm saying is fake yeah all of them, especially if it's a good review. If it's a bad review, those are the ones I believe like okay, this guy, this I feel like this happened. You know what I do when I'm shopping on Amazon now I go straight to the one stars: yeah I, don't [ __ ] care about five-star reviews. If I see a three that means it's probably that's very genuine, because the one stars is I do the same thing with Yelp with the restaurants, where, like the the biggest complaints, if they just sound, [ __ ] I'm like alright. Well, this place seems legit. They took too long and psych well is the feel good yeah. It's almost did a Kendrick Lamar joke get off that. Do it don't I'm over that I'm not going back Gillis boys at home? Oh my god! No! No! No! No! Last time we when I got in big trouble yeah we were almost done. No, no! It happened at the very end we were done and then it was at the end of the episode and then yep and I will the name leave it in the past hand, to God I I will carry you through this with no incident I'm here for you you're tempting. Now, if Jack was here, that's another story: let's move it on I'm. Getting anxious um, Jeff, Bezos I saw this and I was like. This is stupid. There's no way! This is true. This person is a [ __, ] liar yeah. Okay, tell me what you think about this Jeff Bezos makes why don't you a let's play game? What do you think Jeff Bezos makes in a day in a day yeah, you know, I might have actually seen this 25 million Jeff Bezos made every day for the first 120 days of this year, two hundred and seventy five million dollars a day. Oh my Christ I even saw it and I still yeah and I was like give me a [ __ ] break what the [ __ ] two hundred and seventy five million dollars a day. Here's what we have so here, Bloomberg billionaires, did the math Bloomberg billionaires January. First, his net worth was 99 billion on May 1st it was 132 billion, meaning it rose thirty three billion dollars. If you divide that difference by 120 days in that period, you'll find he made 275 million a day divide that by 24 hours in a day, and you get 11 and a half million dollars per hour, Jesus Christ well I mean he does spend it all on. Like exercise equipment. Have you seen the guy he's jacked his jack? You know. I saw a picture of old Anil on yeah. He was like the nerdiest [ __ ] lose these guys get money seen and they just like they go. The anti I'm Stein we're like Einstein had like a closet full of the same suit. He didn't give a [ __ ] I sent wasn't a billionaire; no, it wasn't a billionaire yeah you're right. That's you need a billion I. Don't know why I assumed nine Stein was rich. He probably was I was [ __ ], but there, but oh, maybe because yeah look at this is the one specifically yeah look at this nerd God. Do you want to punch you in the face? That's Peter Thiel on the left. I, don't know who that is, but yeah I can't get over. Elon he's like the nerdiest, [, __, ], loser and now he's like King dong. Yeah he's got a beautiful set of hair. That was right after his pair that second up I'm right get out of here. I sold my scene wearing that pick back. Then you want that back yeah get over that hair man I keep forgetting he made PayPal yeah. Isn't that crazy? Look at that hairline and now he's like and the look on his face doing it killing it. Okay, men on his face in that picture, it tells a whole story right he's a handsome [, __ ] guy I would now I would take his dick in my mouth, like literally at any moment how much money do you think you could get for that? He wouldn't pay you're gonna suck his dick. It would just look like a [ __ ] rocket ship. She would heavily, depending on the lineup yeah, to receive his [ __ ]. It's self drives so anyway. Yeah. Look at that he's like a [, __, ], Channing Tatum on the right wow. That is really amazing. Putting on my gloves it's kind of inspiring in a way what you can just achieve with some rich education too, you know cleaning yourself up, you don't have to be a billionaire different yourself up. That's true! You probably need to make like a hundred thousand dollars a year. Maybe because you know he's got he's probably owes, maybe not even that, but the hair plant transplant that's expensive right. They did a good job. With that I mean on the left. That is I didn't even know. That's you know, I want to punch him in the face again. I want a bully right there, yeah I would bully him I, wonder I want to put it I want to push him to the point they tear up a school you made PayPal. Why do you guys take 2% of everything so at any rate um the equivalent of roughly one hundred and ninety one thousand dollars per minute? That's or three hundred or three thousand 182 dollars every second of the day? That's what people making a month and this guys pulling it in that's yeah I hate when we break down rich people numbers like that, because I do it makes you feel insignificant. Bro I've, never seen anything like that in my life, I can't believe that figure- that's [, __ ] crazy, 75 million per day. It's probably the most anybody's ever made right, yeah! Well, I, don't know when you, when you adjust some of these oil tycoons for inflation. Those guys read it hiding like they don't want anyone talking about their money. Those guys were world. There's a bunch of sectors like that. Like these guys, you know you talk about their money, you're like oh, it's the face of the company, but when you look at like oil who's, the face of oil mm-hmm, nobody, nobody wants to be a [ __ ] face of oil yeah, we're not anymore for certainly Pharmaceuticals. That's why she Crowley got him got it. Pharmaceutical is a big [. __ ] Charlie was like I'm gonna, be the face of the pharma [ __ ], and they were like now we're gonna, we're gonna. Have you put we're gonna, Jeff yeah, so um this developing the Amazon story? Another story that freaks me, the [ __ ] out Alexa, so I read this again and I was like there's no way. This is true and then Amazon confirmed that it was true in a freak me out. A couple in Portland Oregon said that Amazon Alexa had sent a privately recorded conversation to a person in their contacts 200 miles away in Seattle, the woman told them that the device had not advised her, that it was recording her conversation and sending it their friend. So I was like that's so strange. There's no way, that's real! No, but then Amazon said that it it happened these, but we're talking in their kitchen and their conversation was recorded and sent to one of their car. It wasn't like a misplaced phone call or they was organ by Alexa. Why to a random contact? Oh is that [ __ ] creepy, or what those Alexa things are freaky. So here's what here's? What Amazon said? Echo woke up due to a word and the background conversations sounding like Alexa. Then the subsequent conversation was heard as send message request, at which point Alexis said out loud to whom, at which point the background conversation was interrupted as a name in the customers contact list. Alexa then asked out loud contact. Name right. Alexa then interrupted background conversation as right as unlikely as the string of events is. We are evaluating options as to make this case even less likely. Kitt give me a [ __ ] break yeah. Why, like? How like a [, __ ] story? That's such a weird, optional, bully Alexa, send message. You know that little bastards always listening to you. Alright, this shit's weird. This is the final one. We've got voicemails we've got news, but this is a video that I've been wanting to watch I've been putting it off for the last couple episodes, but it is so [ __, ] good! You guys are gonna, absolutely love. This go ahead with the do you have the tattoo of us Dan? Yes, I do so, let's start, let's start the first with the belly button one and then go back to the original. No, so the premise of this show okay pause it can you set it up? The premise of this is another show that really shouldn't exist. All the tattoo of us, oh and two friends, I guess who have a conflict between themselves. I, don't know what, but they make the other friend blindfold themselves and they choose any tattoo. They want to put on their body yeah and the results are not exactly wholesome, but it's a [ __ ] tattoo no go ahead and roll it in these. These are real. What's going through, my entire son, I just had the worst feeling that he was stitched in me. I really four wheels on the same level or on a level that there's different levels. Do your [, __ ] stitch now can feel rich. [Music] I, don't even know what it is. Unless these two alright come on, I'm pretty sure that Harrison isn't gonna be happy with his either I'm the kind of five get on with it. You can move your Fae goggles, alright, guys we're gonna, take a quick commercial break. Look, you know what else you gonna do with a bellybutton tattoo. All right get that off this crime real estate. What else does the bellybutton look like other than a your best friend's [ __ ]? Well yeah. If, if you are on a tattoo show, if somebody starts tattooing, irelia bellybutton yeah, you should be skeptical. What are you tattooing there? Buddy? Oh nothing, just a little as so for ya. Yeah got the [ __ ] arse, so his friend put a tattoo the guy who performed that to tattoo on the bellybutton, also received one before him go ahead and throw that up down. Is that why his eyes were red yeah? He was crying because of the the tattoo. He got. It's amazing and resize it real quick I mean what happened. There's gonna be size, it real quick. No, so we call the show a night. Not off. These guys are [ __ ] man, this [ __ ], that met what kind of friendship is this I'm guessing they both got paid well. Dan had suggested that they probably will redo the tattoo hmm. How do you cover it up, but I don't know how so clap you know. Syphilis HPV, the CLEF herpes. Well, no, that one's gonna be a lot harder to cover over man. How come how come is his buddy gets like six tattoos and he only gets one do whatever you want, I guess, but that that but yeah I guess so it's like shocked like they knew what they were getting into. A film is an hour afterwards. Part of me I. Do wonder if it's fake tattoos yeah, you think so because they you can do that. There's such a there's, a it's a way to like I, think there's a thing where they give you a tattoo. That's that's not permanent, but it looks real and it's just to test it out. I mean you see if you like it or if you like the style I mean they do it in Hollywood. They have like fully fake tattoo. Look completely real, it's true anyway. This shit's just crazy, I love. This I love the show the tattoo of us it's its premises, two best friends going and [ __ ] each other's life. Five tattoos pick my bellybutton pimp my bellybutton all right enough of this. Let's go move on to voice messages. Damn time yep all right: let's uh, let's roll the stay or go for it, laughs, I! Don't I! Don't like how happy he sounds. No, we need, like a death. Metal is kind of creepy yeah feel like he's gonna [, __ ]. My kid yeah get up. Why it's like come on yeah. We need a death metal version. This guy's too upbeat I'll, get on that yeah. Let's Kerr's me get some katana lyrics all right, let's check in with our fans and see what they had to say for us this week. Oh you're, doing it not me right! No, no! You! You can hear this! Yes, everyone can hear this from my computer yeah. Oh I thought you had take: okay, no, no okay, [Music], okay, cool I! Don't buy it! Yeah! You you're, on a tear about these. These wet wipes I refuse to believe that they're flushable. Let's leave it at that I guess it depends on your plumbing. Like I, live in a very little area. Our plumbing is dog [ __ ] right. You can't flush more than like one square at it. Yeah, we're on like single ply over here, throw a match down. There clogs the [, __ ] I. Think that there's a definitely some sort of variable, depending on how old your plumbing well, there is a big difference between between normal wipes mmm and the flushable they're, very maybe she's right, but I'm not gonna. Stop using I'll clog every damn septic tank in this country I mean she might work for a big toilet paper, [Music] yep yeah, it's like really quiet. It is them just maybe the player the volume is turned down a little bit dan. Why would it play if you're taking the input? Why would it play it off? My computer am I wrong about that. Yeah you're still hooked up to the to the audio board, because it's not it's coming out pretty loud out of my you might just be hearing it from my mic. Is it just plain from your laptop yeah just blank for my laptop well, okay, give me a second okay digger. They did it at the sure, - growls every time somebody walks in here you guys should have one of those Simpsons like technical difficulties, things where it's like you and the other, and you guys have like beer bottles in your hands. At least I didn't say the n-word. It's true sure stir it well. We should just end the show. Don't worry, he lives on the edge of her seat. I'm there there's nothing to worry about here. There just was that yank did it I think it was trying to see I ain't goddess back in we're back in he did you look we'll play the angry guys voicemail make sure you call back you yeah [, __ ]. You want to hear from me. This is the same guy who left one last week, angrily [ __ ], you don't do it! Why don't like your Joe, I'm, gonna, [, __ ], you tell you anyway, Gonzalez you're ready, it's all for the fans right. It's for the people watching at home people sitting on their ass, doing nothing with their lives. Watch your [ __ ] idiot guys, colorful dude he's got a lot of spice I agree with him. I mean I. Think he's got an interesting point. All I'll say is that I hope that his parents have their guns locked away safe, but not there come across information that proves that our ocher is a clone I plan to go, live to the media tomorrow, I thought I'd tell you first, oh dude, don't know us Eric, you better find a way to get in touch with them. You [ __, ] up. Why you don't even that voicemail right now, I mean oh yeah. Alexa heard that for sure and she senses everything man I really enjoy a podcast that they need to go, but the reason that I wanted to leave. This message is because I, along with a few colleagues in my actually work at JPL, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and to be quite honest with you Ethan a lot of the scientists over at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, oh [, __, ] I, didn't mean to close that I think I just inflexibly, like I, feel you want criticism, coming I'm a thing or that X I hear I'll, go back. I'll. Give this guy a shot. You toe the line, no problem to get their rockets into low Earth orbit, outages as to where they don't know. What's gonna happen once they send their Rockets out of low Earth form ie. It's no problem to get their rockets into low Earth orbit. I was now, but they have no idea. This is very technical. They have no I got of technical information there yeah. What's I'm not, he just didn't like you. Well, I'm a fanboy of he long yeah yeah. Some people don't like that. Well, some people don't like Ilan, no right. If you believe that interesting, you know what he's such a fascinating guy he's. Yeah he's hey! My name is: let me hallelujah. So that's where Nasser inject repulsion laboratory really comes in, and one of my colleague and I come in NASA and JPL I've had over 40 plus years of experience in that field, trying to figure out how to tell what unknowns will be out there. In other words, NASA and Jet Propulsion Laboratory spent a lot of time on what problems, individuals, ship or entire team will face once they try to go to tomorrow's meeting like, for instance, Mars did as what's the reason you don't like Elon again I. How old do you think they're hiring these these guys at the jail about low orbit? And all this I like I? Like you on know, the low orbit argument didn't change my mind: I'm I'm out of the [ __ ] Hyperloop on this one counter, yeah I, don't know why he said: hey Leela, I, just wanna show that I really like what you're doing with getting all these kind of odd people together kind of like a Howard Stern whack pack- and you know it would be really cool to get everybody in there. One podcast, you know dude, that's such a brilliant idea. We have to, though our our modern-day I do like that that it's like a modern-day whack back yeah I'm, happy to be your Artie. Ok I'll start doing the heart. You start doing it. Yes come in passed out every time. I come in I like yell at you like he's just using me did was that what it was like when he quit I, remember the when he quit he was like it was cuz. He like he did something ours like he can't talk to people like that, he's like well, then I quit, god he's gotten his [ __ ] together since then, right, yeah, yeah, I, think so, but um no I really like the idea. I like the low backpack. We have a snail holder cuz there, I I find them to be really interesting. People not just like I mean Howard's. Wack pack is hilarious, but they're, just mostly like [ __ ] I can say that, but like kyle is a grandma [ __ ] he's a guy. What the specific tastes Skippy yeah he's a guy who collects bellybutton lint and is a and is you know, a chin who can't have sex in his whole life is defined by trying ups he's. A great interesting reminds me of the the the Planeteers from Captain Planet. Hmm, you know from every corner of the world right, lint right! That's right! That's why I'm assembling ya good Dan! We got it! We and once we have like five or six like modern-day wack Packers. We need a new name for our wack pack, though cuz. That's just can't just yeah. That's two hours, yeah yeah, but it's more like the great minds assembled. Well, that's gonna. Take some time. I! Think you're gonna find that name organically yeah, something's gonna happen. You're gonna be like oh, like the light bulbs, gonna go off, I agree, but definitely I'm gonna get Skippy a tattoo around his belly button. Just of my [ __ ] balls out that every time he pulls the lint out to put it in the jar. Oh it's coming from you fingering my ax yeah, exactly I was paid the danila. My name is Carlisle I'm, a Mormon I've only seen one on your show and it's the virgin get just wanted to call and let you know that we're not all collecting belly button lint like speaking of killers, just you guys could know you have other norman fans out there that aren't as I. Don't know. Where does that kid? Like ya, know, I'm a father of three I think Ethan and I are like the same age work at Costco print pictures, you art on the side, all that fun stuff, big fan of kilos, clothing line and all that you guys do well. Well, Skippy is a he's. A devout Mormon, hmm, okay, Devo he's devout. He picks belly button went out of his stomach and he's not gonna have sex before marriage he's good in the eyes of God, right and and and I refuse to think of Mormonism in any other way, when I think of Mormonism I, think of Skippy space on the top of the church, Mormonism yeah I think this guy's trying to hear more Skippy is the guy he's missed his threat, he's mr. Mormon. So sorry, sir, but you're wrong, I appreciate it Skippy yeah Skippy. What else we got I mean Adam from organ I'll. Tell you some reasons not to like Duan mus. Okay. Here we go heard. He was a dick to his wife. It's apparently really shitty to work for Tesla's. Like an engineer manufacturer like these draconian met, she said everybody needs to follow, yeah and he's promised in the next year to fly people around the moon get a self-driving Tesla across the United States. If it, the Tesla's, are gonna reach 620 miles on a single charge. He said that he's gonna built the you know the LA tunnel you guys are talking about. He said that he's gonna pump out 10 gigawatts solar panels in Buffalo and, last but not least, he's gonna send an unmanned rocket to Mars, also his company's not even out of the red. Yet he's just doing this thing. Where he's not anxious he's pretty sounds almost like he's celebrating yeah he's gonna. Do all these great things. What am I angry I feel like I'm gonna, [ __ ], a stockholder meeting there. Yes, every different venture capitalists I mean he's probably making Bank, but none of his investors are gonna, make Bank and I think his employees are probably highly underpaid. So that's why I don't like musk, it's a lot of things. Well, okay, I! Don't feel bad for his investors. First of all invest your money. However, you want I mean nobody's for then I know that his employees are underpaid. I know that that thing has la SpaceX thing and that and they you know they under pay, because they have this whole like sex. It's sexy to work for SpaceX and Tesla be sure they're, like at the frontier of exciting science and stuff, like that yeah III agree. If there's one one spot to criticize Elon, it's it's the treatment of workers. But what do I I? Don't know you know? Maybe the margins are our razor thin I, don't think he's making Bank right now, I think he's in his all. His businesses are in danger at all times, I mean I, never trust. Anyone who has that much money just off of principle, yeah I, assume that there's probably something going on where they're [ __ ] someone over right, I'm, usually right. That's true! If you're a billionaire chances that you made a billion dollars without screwing somebody is, is slim yeah? How many bodies did you leave in your wake? Yeah to get to where you are right? Bezos doesn't make up 275 million a without selling a lot of Chinese phone chargers right and every now, and then you get like a kid's thumb and I got on Bezos I, don't know yeah, probably but I agree. Yeah I'm, not saying I'm, not saying the guy is, is you know can't be criticized? No, it's not a perfect human being, but he's got a great hairline I like his ideas. I, like his car and he's probably got a big one. Did you know he's like 6-3 6-3 he's got a big [, __ ] salary shock I had no idea. He was his house until he looks like he's short I know, just which is rare. Normally you see like a famous person and then you meet him in person. You're, like oh he's, shorter than I he's. He would Mahal he's really tall. That's amazing, yeah Wow working hard he's got a [ __ ] 12 inch, but was he like five six when his hair was balding, yeah yeah, when he yep I want to be when you're killing there? You gain three inches yeah yeah I love you on. Let's get him some platform. I love! You on I have an open request for him to come on. The show at anytime, I think Elon could get to six five. If he really wanted to a couple bit, I think yeah, I think another couple billion plants we're gonna, have a six foot five of you on musk. He could be the tallest man in the world one day, he's gonna, be the tallest, but I don't want obsessed with his dicks got like 20 knees, and these it's just like it's. Alright. What else we got? My name is Mike from Whittier, California and I was thinking a lot about what you were talking about. Ethan about how social media is bad for us and unhealthy and I think it's really fascinating that, while we are unilaterally condemning the use of social media like across the board, we're all hopelessly, it did knowingly so to the point where our very careers depend on it and I think it's really strange that were not deviating from this course and I'm interested to hear as someone who sees what's happening, but it's so entrenched in it. What your take on that is, and how do we move forward as a society? That's a great question. It is I think the problem one is that we need to first of all understand what we're dealing with, because I don't think people acknowledge, first of all, that it's damaging or that it's a problem or that it's addictive you know so. First of all, we need to understand that and the second of all we need to focus on like limiting our our interaction with it. For example, a guy like me whose whole career and livelihood is centered around social media. It's not good for me. I'm I can only speak for myself, but there needs to be a certain um disconnecting worth like I'm working all day, they're nice I. You need to have time when you're not doing it because, like when I took this week off social media, you really again, in my case, it really felt like I was living in a physical world. I was focused on all the physical things and the people around me way more than I was when I was on social media. All the time in my head was deep in that cuz you're you're on Twitter you're on Instagram and you're thinking about all these people right there in your [ __ ], face all day and what they're doing and what they're up to so much so that occupies you more than the physical people around you and the [ __ ]. That's actually in your life you these. These people will never affect you right. You think, if you put the phone away, you're, not part of the conversation anymore in some way like is there I, think that you just need to you need to disconnect for a certain amount of time so that you stay, grounded yeah. You need breaks. I, really think that people need bricks, but but most of all, first and foremost, I think is that people need to understand how dangerous or damaging it is yeah, just how how much time it sucks up for nothing. It sucks Oh time for nothing. I, I, [, __, ] hate. How much time I spend clicking into my url bar and typing re-enter, go to read it scroll. Oh I saw this FA enter Facebook, Martin Lawrence at it again, I know man, [, __, ], TW Twitter, just like Auto filling out these things, these these four websites that I just and it's not like I, just end it and then stop looking at them. I go. You know after Twitter I'm, like oh re and then back there. Anyone read it. What the hell am I doing, and one of the things that I realized when I took my break, is that like there's so much time in the day to do [, __, ], yeah I waste like seriously like probably up to five hours a day, yeah just on social media, so there's puppies out there who want to play with shredder yeah you could you could watch go at it, so I, don't know, they're I, think people don't really understand like that, and it's not like overbearing parents like give me your phone. That's not that no more screen time! It needs to be something that people want to do. Mmm be like I want I'm, looking forward to not using my phone for this week. Well, I'm I'm, a pretty big pothead and I swear. This makes there's a relevance to it, but you you do like a tolerance break when you've been smoking too much, and it's just really not doing anything. You just found that you've been high. All the time really take a little tolerance break, it's very similar to that and it's something that pot ads have always done. They're, like [ __, ] man I, need it to feel good again when I do it yeah no more pop for a week like not jerking off for a week, yeah, no FAP! That's that's what it's all right, yeah! So that's what I don't know all these things have a there's something to it. Then I think it applies to this as well. Yeah I, agree, I mean it's just about addiction. Right, hey, Ethan, don't go home today, then that's funny! We were joking last week about if some random stranger just walked up to him was like hair mm-hmm. Don't go home today like how much would that [ __ ] up your day? Oh just a random stranger and they walk off. So sorry actually had two people leave. Is mr. Chris from Oklahoma. Don't go home tonight. I got two of those, so shout out to these never stops being dramatic pause. Oh my god! Now now half the messages are just gonna. I know you completely. Can you uh I? Think shredders gotta go potty, Oh shredder! That's how he lets you. Maybe not that's the cutest way he's just playing I thought he was squatting. Maybe I think he's okay yeah. If he takes a dump, I'm gonna dive and catch him, my hands, he [ __ ] this carpet here, ooh nice he's already desecrated, it a very thin Aniela. That's your boy! Ian! It's usually mean I, just wanted to say: hey I just want to pitch this show idea. I say you get Elon Musk on your show and you do a little bit a little segment called Ethan and Elon. You could call it the age 3000 podcast, where you only discuss the future. Let's see I, don't know it might be a little bit corny, but Ethan and Elon. What do you like? The sound of that I love? It Neil is out I'm getting a divorce, [ __ ], you look Ethan and John. Are you kidding only a feet? Long gets really long hair, oh my god, and some katanas needs for hems. He needs a couple hem spills and because ago, okay, let's go to the news with Dan: go ahead: Dan, alright, roll the bumper I know the anime, and if we can have the spirit of normal humanity spread it's how our mother novelist credit me out as a cat and when I was training. I was just alright great right. We got stingers, we got rolls, we got, we got title screen, you added the 30 year old guy to the we did, that out of order huh to the bummer, all right, so uh big headlines this week, so breaking I believe just yesterday, harvey weinstein here rested on rape charges. He was cracking a smile, it kind of intrigues me, you know a lot of people do that. I don't know what it is. I maybe it's just nervousness yeah. You know. I think I don't think he's happy yeah. I can't realize that there's a there's joy in him right now right, you know what I just can't get over is how he went from being untouchable. God to somebody you can slap in the face at a bar which yeah, actually we we have that clip to that was a couple months back, but there's a TMZ clip of that. It's like the most demeaning possible slide there like a whole buzz like that is good yeah, not the best comeback man, his Harvey Weinstein, is just living and first of all well-deserved, but just the this. What he's been through in terms of like the respect yeah is, is something that probably not many humans have been through. It's like I'd, be like God slap in the face at a restaurant and nobody cares yeah. It's like he's, landed on an alien planet. It's pretty amazing and nobody respects him yeah yeah. He he turned himself in to in New York yesterday on charges dating from 2013. Obviously you know he's been in the news over the last couple years for all kinds of accusations, but this specific incident is a one in 2013. Obviously, all of the other people and have accusations about him are going to be. You know testifying to his character, but most of those are so old that he can't actually get in any direct trouble for it, but um, but yeah there I'm sure, they're gonna parade in you know all of these women and have them rattle off everything element for our pleasure. Yeah I mean he can't say. He's blind Cosby already took that one I'm blind guys, sorry yeah! He just does a full eye, what smokey eyes all of a sudden all right. What else we got and then just you know, continuing on in the world of sexual harassment. The next the next public figure to to get hit. Morgan Freeman was a. It was a time. How do you do it more I want I grabbed her ass and I can't do a good one, but imagine Morgan, Freeman narrating his own sentencing, a sundress yeah and her ass looked real nice I grabbed it and I said how did he get out of the whole thing? Where wasn't there a rumor, eight ready or something like that that he got into a car accident with like his niece or his grand niece, or something like that and people were accusing him of having a relationship with her? What's up dude the car crash they're, like hey man, I saw you, it was like a yeah. They got into a car crash together and I had something to do with that. But, like I just remember, hearing his story a long time ago where they were like okay, Morgan, Freeman's banging his grandniece or something got out of hell. I heard that one [ __ ]. Well now it seems plausible right, yeah, yeah, he's uh. Eight women have accused him of deliberately towards them from a sexual comments to touching them. Without the permission, the main allegation comes from this woman. She was a production assistant on a movie that he was working on and she claims he basically was touching her rubbing her back trying to lift her skirt on a daily basis for the entire production. Until there was people around that were saying. This happened right and one of which was Alan. Arkin is another actor that was in the movie and apparently he actually confronted Morgan Freeman about it. I guess we'll see if he shows up in court, because you know he could probably corroborate this. If he was there when it was all happening. So well, that's ballsy man, that's some old-time [ __ ]! Just like hey, you know what I'm gonna, lift your skirt up on set in front of everybody. Can you imagine like I've, been on on sets before if anyone ever saw behavior like that to do to be escorted out immediately? What [, __ ] brains are, these you know he's got he played God, you literally played God. Can you break it takes ready, oh he's on his way thank God. I, don't I said thank God. It's not that dramatic. Thank God thank God I was ready to go Thank You aunt spring [, __ ] out of his ass I'll. Have your Sharky's gift card for you by next week. I owe you 50 bucks right, I, don't pay him any money. I pay him all in short, keys gift cards, I got em man, there's a stipulation that you can only get salmon burrito [Laughter]. So next big headline this week, I'm sure everybody's heard that the peace talks with North Korea have fallen through Trump pulled the plug after North Korea was supposedly you know, making a lot of provocative actions. There was a pre-planning meaning for it it that the North Koreans just didn't show up to, or you know no call no show essentially, and so, despite you know, the promise of a Nobel Prize Trump made the hard decision to just call the whole thing off and in the same breath you know mention the threat of nuking them again. So we're we're back to that stage. This sitcom and they there's like you know there was a old sitcom like on a yacht on a cruise, the love cruise boat. They need a Love Boat. They do need a look. I need to get these two chubby beauties. These thick boys on a love ya, be a nuclear submarine, though you think. Did you see the picture of the commemorative coin yeah? So for me, like they made Trump's jawline, look statuesque, yeah and then kim jong un's got a [ __ ] double chin like triple chin yeah. It's amazing there. He look at his wrists like that. Guy I know yeah. This picture is oh boy that wrist is [, __ ] it straight up ready to need I mean, wouldn't you just be like [ __, ] eatin, everything, if you were him, I'd like to think not I, think I would be I, think I think I would look worse than that. I would be eating everything. A fewer hem, I, don't know I'd like be looking around me like oh Christ. Look at all these starving it man what the [ __ ] am I gonna do here right anyway, let me get some fried anything. There's this funny clip of the Venezuelan president during this really awful famine where and then he's giving a speech about the famine and he thinks it's during a commercial and he grabs like an empanada and he's eating in between I. Don't know you can you get a clip of that yeah? What am I pulling it up right now? I just saw still image of that, and it made me laugh just like the context of all. Apparently, since the family and the recession began, there he's started to gain more and more weight. I mean it's nothing funny about famine, but in this is in the context of what's going on here. This is the Santa. You can't write [ __ ], like this, take a bite right now. Yeah, there's like multiple people, just wait in the room with them through like what the [ __ ] he's like a fat kid sneaking a bite. Do I yes good, so funny all right what else we got so next up, we've got one that I'm uh I'm, pretty happy about. Alex Jones is getting slammed with lawsuits from the victims of the Sandy Hook shooting which, if anybody doesn't remember, was the elementary school one of the greatest Decker one of the greatest dads, and really just just the most [ __ ] up [, __ ]. Ever and yet for years, Alex Jones has been ranting about. How is all fake. It was a staged incident with actors, crisis actors and the whole deal, and so yeah a bunch of six six families are suing him for defamation, essentially taking them taking him to task over this. He heeds reverses the statement. His statement is insane he's claiming it. These lawsuits are an attack on him and the First Amendment and I quote. This is the modern Lexington. This is the modern law court. This is the modern fight where they're coming to take it all, and this is defamation against me. It's an information war, it's misrepresentation, bro, it's a lawsuit. You can get sued for anything. Particular the judge literally he's got a flair for the dramatic hello judge. I can can you imagine a Lexington is like I'm here sitting on the field of Lexington, where the first leg senior happened now I'm here the goddamn blows dry, my pills, so good luck to you best of luck on that one I hope they take all this [ __ ] money he's got a lot of I gotta. So on my katanas, this one's an interesting one, there's a very little cooperation bipartisan cooperation in Congress, but one thing that they are cooperating on two senators: one Republican one Democrat are demanding an investigation into I'm sure you guys remember all the fraudulent comments left on the FCC FCC website about neutrality. Yes, so you know there was accusations that a ton of these were fake comments, stolen identities and apparently these two senators, their identities, were stolen people, that's rich as it gets, and so they're they're kind of saying what the [ __ ] is up with that and demanding that something actually that, as far as I was able to find there's been no investigation. No, oh sorry, I thought they're, all the same name, yeah pie, boy really just dismissed it. He never answered that, like almost all of the comments opposing net neutrality were fake, right and I mean this. Screenshot is just showing that they were obviously just kind of copy and pasted the exact same wording, the exact same capitalization, everything from tons and tons of people, so Pat Toomey and Jeff Merkley, both senators there Godspeed they're, making it happen. So let's get that info pie, boy, [, __, ], goofball, god, damn you Reese's, Pieces giant. Do you my mother, goof, no pie, boys active on Twitter yeah, really he's. He stays far away from any sort of net neutrality conversation, but he retweets a lot of dumb [ __ ], I'm, [ __ ] hate that guy I gotta check that out. I'm like I'm gonna, yeah I got it so another big big one in the news this week, the NFL after having a conference with all the owners of the individual teams, they've they've, come to a compromise of sorts for the whole National Anthem controversy for what or whatever you want to call it. That essentially players will not be able to take an e on the field. However, they will also not be required to come out to the field they can used to just not participate. But if they're gonna come out on the field, they have to stand up and if they don't, the teams will be fine, so that kind of leaves the enforcement up to the individual teams, because they're the ones that gonna foot the bill of school, yeah, disobeys I'm very glad. We got this very important issue. Sorted the [, __, ] and I'll. Add an eel of kneeling on the I'm glad that we were able to get this sorted by the way and not [ __ ] that people are being murdered in schools every other day. There's a lot more money in the NFL or the actual underlying things that were being protested. Yeah, let's let it go. The controversy is about the kneeling day in the locker room, right, I, don't care whatever yeah and commenting on this by the way Trump said that um, you know what, if you, if you don't stand for the anthem you shouldn't be in this country, that's his take on it. I. Remember a teacher yelled at me. In high school, once cuz I didn't stand up for the anthem or not the anthem, with the Pledge of Allegiance pledge allegiance, I was doing homework, and this guy [ __ ] screamed at me. I looked up. I was like what the [ __ ], the Pledge of Allegiance, is pretty creepy. What's the goddamn, you think about it, yeah pledge allegiance to the flag. Let the stand up. [ __ ] you, as in my home world, yeah these little like six and seven year olds, like reciting I, waved my pencil and allegiance to the flag and to kill all foreign adversaries and to keep Mexicans out and black people in the locker room under God, indivisible, [, __ ], the Queen. Let's go ahead between can eat my butt with guns and opioids for all amen. Oh that's beautiful! Also, we shouldn't give as much money to the troops. We should probably take some money from the troops. A merry send Erik to Mexico. That was the end of the thing. Didn't they do that at your school take money from the troops yeah. Those are official version is double military budget. I went through a very coastal elite high school, okay. Well, I'm glad we got that sorted out. Finally, the country is healing yeah nailed, it yeah all right what else speaking of healing divides? There was a ruling in a district court judge Naomi, Arisa Buckwald sited first Myra. She decided First Amendment principles in holding that the social media platform offered a forum in which people could not only consume information, an opinion from public figures but offer feedback to elected officials, just as they have the right to do in newsprint or in person in public spaces. So the the the results of this is that Trump is being told he legally can't block anybody on Twitter maken such crazy news that true that twitter has become a place. That's protected by the Constitution. That Trump blocking haters is a violation of free speech, we'll look specifically the presidential or a public law. Footer account right, I think we're just any likes anabolic office or was it the president I think it's a yeah, any public official yeah public officials, yeah Ted Cruz, can't block me? Is he blocked you suit enemies, never block me, but now I can't, okay, well, I! Think it's gone he's allowed to mute people, though I think I, think I have to say, though just the image of the president just blocking people on Twitter was one of the most petty things you can do and like his the time his time is so valuable right. The president of United States sure to even spend the you know. 15 seconds it takes to go and block a person is a is such a waste of the president's, especially her phone's, like kind of old and lagging right. Oh man, you know he probably blocks like ten people a day at least I would love to get blocked by him. I'm kind of sad that this came out so as I understand it, though Dan there's more development right like he right well, I, guess that one of the plaintiffs in this, the guy who who actually brought this lawsuit to him Eugene goo-goo, you jingoo, he's still blocked, judge I'm, still blocking that's like paddling on the President to the judge, the judges all right get on with it. Good just get a [ __ ] lie. This world has become some some sort of uh. This is a simulation. Definitely there, it is there's, there's the proof, I guess yeah, you should your honor real Donald, Your Honor I rest my case I'm still blocked by Trump, despite winning a federal lawsuit against him every day. I remain block means. The president is infringing upon my First Amendment right and violating our federal order. Follow the rule of law in the Constitution you swore to protect. Mr. president, it's Twitter, just [ __ ], get over a Doug. I mean yeah, it's kind of funny, too federal and over and over again, though, but it's just it's. First of all, this whole thing so stupid, I'm not gonna, take it seriously, but this guy's soapboxing like over being blocked by somebody. Well at least they didn't get kicked out of his house by his parents at least he didn't shoot up a school there's a couple ways to get in the news. He found the the path less traveled in sheet up a school Eugene I'll say: that's it! That's like that's what I'll say for almost anybody huh. You can say that it's good comment on everybody unless you got one guys like well, actually well exactly my science teacher pegged me in the head with a basketball when I was 12, I'm like oh, that's you [, __, ], almost everybody in the world. You can save them well, at least he didn't shoot up a school right right, that's a redeeming quality! More and more so, though you know these days, I mean Ian the intern. Yes, he didn't shoot up a school that was probably that was like first line in his email that he sent you there just to get it out of the way. I have not never shot up a school all right. What next next up? Let's see sorry about that Eugene I'm really mourning for you, man, yeah Eugene, mr. dr. GU, actually I'm sure, there's not 20 more tweets, just rephrasing they're everything next up! Actually I think this is the last story here about these. This young mother that was arrested for half a gram of weed in Texas, and you hear about this I think so. Yeah and then, when she was being held in jail, was raped by a Sheriff Deputy a mom, a single mother got arrested for one gram of weed and she went to prison and was raped, got him where justice Texas Texas yep, all the crazy [ __ ], going on there, man after I've, driven through Texas couple times and like the last thing I wanted to happen, was to run into a cop, because I was always smoking. Weed, yeah well risky man so crazy that the states like the whole state law things seem so antiquated. Doesn't it it's like back in the day it made sense, they were all like most sovereign countries, but now, if you can smoke a joint in California and cross state line, go to Texas and go to prison and get raped as part of your punishment. What's in her sentencing, they said you will be raped. I was like wow. That seems unusual, but it's Texas. So you never know and I'll [ __ ] to the cops just gonna get like two days paid leave. Yeah that happens a lot over there. That's some [ __ ]! Well, that's a rape as of yesterday no no charges filed though it is being investigated and and supposedly taken seriously but I'm damn, but the initial response there wasn't. They weren't really investigating it. The the sheriff said that there was no evidence. Essentially, there was a way to corroborate the claim she's, claiming that one of the sheriff's did the deed. One of the sheriff's did the deed, yeah or I. Guess you know one of the guards at the prison or we need some like good news. Yeah some uplifting news but I, know well I'm saying in the future, that'd be cool to end on, like a good note, like I should find like a happy note to end the shows on I think that going forward later, like especially if it's good news just for like you guys anybody bad news for other people, fine like emus, are extinct. You hate, emus, I hate, you sure that's kind of money. That's a bit of levity. We got we got rid of. They don't know that everyone's just like I love, emos, that's true! Well, if you go to a Renaissance Fair, as you love me moose, because you're eating their legs, is it a EMU, a I, think it's an emu leg, those are the the suppose or rich, or something like that um. The final last thing that I wanted to talk about now that the news is over and we're at the very bottom of our show is that friend of the show and guests of the podcast, the great prolific, influential totalbiscuit has passed from this world. The cancer got him so he's. What got me to watch more YouTube like I, wasn't really someone who subscribed and watched videos, but when I first, like built, my PC to game, started watching his reviews of [ __ ] I was like hey man, I really like the way. This guy operates, one of the first YouTube channels, I ever subscribed to and watched regularly mmm it got me in I was in deep into the Starcraft 2 scene. When I first discovered him, he was only an announcer, but you know a lot of people saying it's like a lot of people liked him. A lot of people disliked him, but everyone respected him: hmm because he was a. He was a. He had a lot of integrity and he never [ __ ] compromised. It just shocked me because we I mean I knew that the that had gotten bad for him, but I didn't know that he had that little time left, yeah, cuz I saw him. Tweeting and I saw him. You know you know. I wanted. I could have seen that that news, when you open your computer up I'm glad we got the opportunity to sit down with him, I mean he came in here and he talked about cancer like his battle with cancer right and ILA's. Dad is, you know, dealing with a similar battle. Now, that's why she's in Israel? Right now, and can you say man, he was 32 years old, just too soon gone Jesus, but um I'm, honest somewhat positive and inspiring note. I commented on the announcement on Twitter and somebody said in response to me. John made me get my ass to the doctor's after you put him out on the podcast about him living with stage four cancer I. Arguably owe my life to both of you diagnosed in February and was given the all-clear last week, which is because he came on and we talked a lot about. You know his experience with cancer a lot and he has explicitly said that the purpose why he wanted to talk about that. Why he's being so open because he wanted people to go out and get diagnosed I'm sure he helped a lot of people with that. He talked a lot about how he put off going to the doctor because he was embarrassed or you know he wanted to ignore it or whatever, and he's very open about the fact that you know that would it was like that was stupid. That was really stupid of me. Don't be stupid, like I was and get out there get checked and it's a smart message. Yep absolutely I mean there's a lot of things that we feel that we're like I don't need to go to the doctor, for this I've got a schedule, a doctor started off, you put it all out it off there. There is a feeling of of like I, don't yeah I'm gonna feel like an idiot talking to the doctor about my symptoms, I think of my hypochondriac, something like that or you or I. Think part of it's just like I'm gonna. Wait for this to go away right right! You don't you. If you don't confront it, it doesn't exist. You know, maybe it'll go away, but I don't know. John John made this a more interesting world man. He he was a [ __ ]. He was a larger-than-life character that really had an impact on on the Internet and it's a it's a damn shame, but he left the world a better place dude and he [ __ ] fought that [ __ ] till the end man he was. He was a fighter dude yeah seriously. There wasn't any point like him, reading his tweets or seeing his updates, where I was like he's given up or no there's, always a feeling of Hope with it, which is yeah what you want to to see I think to his credit when it when things took a negative turn, he never wanted to like [ __ ] about it. You know, I, don't know it's a goddamn, shame but driver rest in peace, dude, yeah really really glad. We got to sit down with him. That was, and it helped this guy yeah, so ain't for nothing. There's another fan, or this guy Carl Skinner reached out to us. Actually, he tweeted at us and a couple of the youtubers several months ago and I almost missed it by like boogy like the tweet and ela, saw and showed it to me. He was battling cancer. He had a really rare form of cancer that ate the fat. Just voraciously ate all the fat out of his body and he was fighting cancer for a long long time. I had the pleasure of playing pub G with him a couple of times and stayed in touch with them and he was a [ __ ] cool, ass dude, who also recently passed so man where's. That fate was born, 1999 yeah 1999. It was like 19 or 18, or some [ __ ], [, __, ] man, so I don't know shout out to everyone soldiering through that or who's had to soldier through that, you know, and to everyone else, who's healthy out there, just [, __, ] so hard to to appreciate your health. You know when you're, not sick, you don't pay hundreds of dollars a month. Not to go to the doctor would be my advice, make it worth it. Mm-Hmm, probably thank yourself later, yeah, definitely most definitely um, but if you're living in good health, just you know, try to enjoy it. It's a weird thing: man I, don't know, but life goes on yeah. So it goes in the world words of the great Carl Sagan, not Carl, Sagan Kurt Vonnegut there's a long day, not a similar-sounding on it. I would love to see. Do a Carl, Sagan podcast, where you've got the the turtleneck and like it's a little, really get your eyebrows connected I'll be down yeah I love, Carl Sagan. Today, on the cosmos, see if the cosmic junk we live on a speck of dust, lots of this I love. Yes, you get like completely clean shaven, also passed of cancer. I believe that's true. Goddamn I was trying to mad son of a [ __ ]. Anyone else you want to bring up Paris Thompson. Do you die of cancer nah? He bluesberry yeah, yeah mandis, all right! Well, I just want to say you know: I like I want to only just want to. You know, just acknowledge them, yeah and and rest in peace. There's a message of hope with the Lukas guy I, like that, you showed that trap. That honestly was was really beautiful to read yeah, it's a definitely great twist on this and I think John. If he could read that, that's what he wanted, what, if I would imagine exactly huh I think that that would have really you know. Given him something right, amen, amen what the hell y'all doing watching this podcast go. Uh, there's nothing! You do yeah the weather's, probably shitty outside we're we're the best part I, don't like that sentiment anyway. It's like stop watching this and go start living. It's like what does that mean? Go start living this podcast is all you need. This is living everything social media YouTube. Whatever you waste your time on the [ __ ] the podcast this now this is living put your phone away until the podcast happens right and then take your phone right out. Yeah unlock it watch the pile, that's what I call living! If you, if you, if you're, not watching the podcast, you might as well just be wasting your time anyway, might as well be. Shutting up is equal to be on. What are you doing? Please shooting ups all right, I'm, trying my best to keep us on all right, a straight and narrow. Here, let's wrap it up guys! Oh my god, I didn't announce on Tuesday, Tommy Wiseau is finally coming in. Are you kidding me and Greg Sestero? That's what amazing the both of them are right. That's Korea! Both of them are coming in on Tuesday or maybe we're gonna push it back. As ela comes back Tuesday and we were gonna, try for 1x, we look, those are I mean that's looking good I was gonna, give up both social media, but hitting the pause button on that and you need to live. I need to see this I'm really excited man, it's gonna, that's gonna, be wild. Yeah I mean, did you guys have any I ought to get like I'm, not trying to get spoilers or anything, but I'm very excited for this, like what you guys can do like games or anything like that. You're gonna, games yeah and do like gamer like what kind of game I don't know, sort of. It's been the bottle spin. The bottle give me kiss Tommy, yeah, [, __ ], give me a kiss the game. That's amazing, give me yes, cutie pie, kiss Tommy, are you know, you're gonna play football with him. Riya shorted, fo, sho, yeah I, think carries one around yeah. Exactly he I went to see. Uh I went to try to go see. One of those live shows where he shows up and he was out in the line of people playing [ __ ] yeah. Is that what you mean both will throw the ball around yeah we'll play a game. No I was I was reference, something else, but I didn't wanna bring it up. Was it there's a Kendrick Lamar thing? No, not that no, no I can't do it. They were so close to the end. Okay, I can't do it. These mics go off. It's gonna be like World, War 3 in here. That's it so next week we'll be back with Tommy I'm super jacked and Greg and I think that I've successfully made it through without ela, without getting drunk yeah. Without saying the N word, without getting in any trouble at all. So Dan you better, and this quick I can't believe you invited me on just cut it. I know it I, neither I know Dan just cut it, don't wait for us. It I did my dad guys. I hope it was good. I hope. I did good. All right. We're we're going off the air goodbye, everybody all right, you're, clear, [Music], [Music],.