Thank you, everybody for joining us at the H Street podcast live today. Our sponsors are MV MT movement, my undies, and to which prime subscribers, like you, I'm, just pointing to the camera. There's nobody that I can see. Okay, don't worry, I just like to watch you, okay, you like a son that I never had as your husband and wife nobody's. People know that it's yes, okay, good! It's kind of our like you're, not just using that as a way to get swingers and stuff I. Do oh we're husband and wife. Oh yeah, sorry! Next week, Sean Evans, you know him. Yeah I was about once - he's our mutual enemy. He is he's. I thought he was just fantastic yeah. It was one of the most fun things I've ever done, because what an odd way to do an interview, it's real. It used to be this conversation right well, yeah and in today's world you got to step it up, talking's, not enough anymore. Well, and there is a universality and wings easy. If you don't eat chicken. What's one thing but I I went as far as I could go. Did you go the distance yeah? You did you were you drinking milk I was chugging milk I had no I didn't feel bad about the milk right. I was hiccupping, no I know I only drink, breastfed, milk and fry. My own, hey, I, like it. When you're my age, you just man boobs just start lactating. Milk just starts dribbling out of there's two pour and some of us look forward to leakage. Well, Sean Evans is on next week. So if you want to leave questions for him there on the subreddit, please do Bob. Saget doesn't really need an introduction, but I'm gonna do it for you anyway, because that's the format of the show television host actor comedian, Bob, Saget I, don't need an introduction. Let me just say this: you've got a new special out on Amazon called zero-to-sixty. Yes, it's not it's just cool I'm excited about it and it's a great by the way. Okay, so now I'm gonna shut up, keep going, it was laughs, a riot, a gag, a goof. It was meant to be entertaining and it was meant to be kind of where I'm at right. Now, right and I got the I'm on my way to getting serious, which doesn't mean I'm, not gonna, be funny, but like talking about my mom passing away and stuff like that, it seems to be creeping more into my reality of of just human existence. Rather than talking about politics and and I do like to talk about my penis but yeah. There. Oh well guys. Rest assured there's plenty of penis jokes, it's a drinking game. Yes, not not! Alcohol I'm! Just saying that my penis it's a drinking game. That is that rude. Can we say that on here? Well, we were just calling my literal wife, my bottom [ __, ] I, don't write in I jump right into defend her I was wrong. You don't know her I'm married to her. No, but I could tell right away that she doesn't deserve to be on the bottom. She deserves okay, she's on a no space is good I, don't think it's a [, __ ] anymore man, I'm, just saying I, don't think we can. We can't I just think it's. It is not the time it is a time of all good men to to find out so top [ __ ] that'd be a good show for like Fox some, you know top [ __ ] tonight on top is right like a pimp and prostitute reality show like you, can hold it down and keep the other hos and I keep the other up. You know hold it down and keep it up that to me then you're not offending everybody cuz. The show itself is offensive, so it cancels itself out you're, not politically upsetting people you're, not gonna, offend, pimps and hoes. Yes, you are, they get hurt, that's pimps and hoes be hitting and slapping man right, you're. True, that's true. My special was I love the title 0-60, which commemorates you turning 60 years old. Yes, how has your sense of comedy changed now from back when you know you were mr. aristocrats right now, aristocrats couldn't be done now. That is something that movie. Maybe it would come out right now as an anti. You know, freedom of speech fashion. It was just funny and weird and wild, but today and it will be like a statement and what but that's what it was. It was it with the Penn Jillette and pop Avanza, who directed it made. It took four years and filmed 100 comedians, telling the same joke that I'd only heard twice in my life and the point was a censorship, different ways. The people can do an art form. You know all tell the same thing: everybody paint the same painting and, let's see what happens, but it really was about freedom of speech. I mean Lenny. Bruce went to jail for saying things that were said. Oh we in that film. That's interesting, because it's gotten so much worse since then, oh yeah I couldn't even well for people who don't know, because a lot of our audience are a little on the younger side as they should be yes, and they are the future. Yes, literally I mean literally yeah we're out of here. One way, it's not like we're gonna save the planet. It's like we're getting the hell out of here and leading it to not just blame what aristocrats to the people who don't know what it is to Kratz was a documentary made by Penn Jillette famed entertainer as smart does magic, but in a revealing way, Paul Provenza, who I'd known since I, was 19 years old. Who was a stand-up comedian, is a stand-up comedian and director and they worked for years interviewing a hundred comedians and George Carlin. The great George Carlin know any Millennials. Listening, sorry I didn't mean to label you or foster objectify you well. It is cuz I'm 60, but I'm 61 really now cuz the special happened and then I turned 61. So that's weird, but but I'm not saying Millennials derogatorily, basically I'm saying I'm three times your age, so I'm the one eating it you know, but it was really about an old joke that was an inside joke kinda, but it really wasn't a joke, and now I won't tell it on here. Cuz, there's no purpose, but the premise of the joke was a family. That's so desperate to make it in show business. They go into an agent's office and he's what do you do for a living and they say what do we do and there's a million ways to tell it it's like jazz. You can go off and tell it any way you want, but the family is somehow nude and committing unspeakable acts and then, at the very end, when they're all finished with all these unspeakable acts and and everything up to that point is jazz it's. How do you want to tell it how gross you want to be Ruth, some awful despicable or what some people told it much cleaner and it's a sweet, little hey. They did a couple of somersaults and a few people like Don Rickles and Chris Rock. They said I'm not telling this. You know Jerry Seinfeld I, don't do that joke. You know they're right for them and I respect that yeah and I miss Don Rickles. You guys got to look him up immediately. I wanted to talk to you about I'm here, I'm here and I. Don't want to leave so so at the end of the bit. They finish, they go tada and the agent says: what do you call yourselves and they go the foul. Whoever you choose in the family goes. The aristocrats I think it was my version. It was someone's dying breath. It was the last thing, but no I couldn't finish. I couldn't finish the punchline, because I was on stage at the Laugh Factory, so I literally as I was about to say the aristocrats had to go onstage the joke was and George Carlin, who was one of the greatest stand-ups there. Any you ever have had. As well-phrased said. Don't tell this. This is not for public consumption. This is for behind the alley. This is for how raw can you go and the point was to make other comics laugh, I, guess or to make just go three form absurd right and it's a good way to play. It's improv. If you take out the filth and there's a million ways to do brilliant stuff that people do I mean you watch a lot of the television. That's on now that we, like you, know you watch it. One of the good improv ish type shows on Comedy Central or you watch something where you watching Will Ferrell movie, where things that is cooking and you know they're making it up as you're watching it. And that's that's that you know, but this was a different animal. So years was the end, the most infamous one everyone cause like a man Gonzaga and his aristocrats bit. We can't even well when I opened up. You mean that when I open up Newsweek and I realize there was never an amage to full houses character right, but to this- and it was the flip. Well, how do you feel about that? I feel good I mean I I, do many different things? I've been on Broadway a bunch of times and not the street have actually been in place well and and n Street yeah and I. Just I love acting I love directing I love doing different stuff, but you know you get pegged to something and I played Danny Tanner and damn and I'm gonna play prop it's for the rest of my life, because it's not going anywhere. So that shows we're gonna go! Do more fuller houses that house will remain full for eternity? It's it's not possible by the way. If you go and see the real house in San Francisco, which I did it's about 2,500 square feet, oh that's small, and that is full and it was bought by the original executive producer creator, Jeff, Franklin and I. Think it's just to say: hey! You want to see uncle Jesse's room, you know, but it's it's a small house, but when you walk into the distal living room, you know you're looking at a 7,000 square foot house if you're at the set, so it's it's an Alice in Wonderland and a world once you go through the Tanner door. So I do you know that's just that's something! I get to do that I think is fun and then I've got all those other stuff I'm doing, but I love, I, I'm sure you've had a ton of stand-ups on here. Are you standing up? No, no I'm uh you're on the fringe. We don't know you know it's like it's. It's new media right, I'm, a youtuber whatever that means, but we had like our first live. Show last week- and it did have I- did have a very performance-based feel to it right, working and watch these cameras and it's a live show. We're live right now, yeah and so I mean I definitely want to consider myself a stand-up comedian, because I have a lot of respect for what they do and I. Don't do that I, don't wreck jokes and I, don't prep and I don't have an act so well, then they do you similar to some stand-up comedians I would say this is where we're at is the next stage of broadcasting is where we're at you know there were. There were three networks and people would look into the camera, and oh, my god, that guy's a genius- you know oh boy, Johnny Carson holy crap. He said that and it was a way of looking into the camera, communicating with one person or communicating with thousands of people right and and that's what you're doing here you got millions of people, you got, you have an earth that can listen to you, whereas other ievel didn't so that's a responsibility by the way yeah. You can't be putting [ __ ] on the bottom, I mean this. Is it's it's a misnomer. It's very complicated. Are you careful because there might be as you're doing this there's so many people watching this right? Oh you guys watching you're, all and I again bottom [, __ ] is very complimentary. It is it's a! But yes, it's the okay saying it's like me, saying man that was sick man. That was bad you're Atlas! You have the world on your shoulders, you're the bottom [ __ ] that the world is oh. Why didn't you say that I? Wouldn't amazing, five minutes Adam? Oh you just made it up I just conceptually, because there is also the implication that she's being used. So no Ian. Can you do do some research on bottom [, __, ] back there! Well this! This is kind of big I know, there's an old song, B bottom girls, but that they make the rock and world go round, but that ain't this do it. They may be what I'm suggesting to you and I didn't get to get it out. Cuz, we're never gonna get to one question: cuz I know it's good, which means yeah. This is good. It's good you're, a good host you're, both great hosts and I'm, a mediocre! Thank you, but the truth of it is someone right now is watching this and they are the bottom [ __ ]. Now they could be male or female or an animal, and they are the bottom of a pile of other entities, whether they be mammals or a man or a woman. There could be nine people stacked like a deck of cards right now and the one on the very bottom is the bottom [ __ ] in the negative vernacular right and there they could be very upset by this or go. You know what I'm gonna crawl out from the bottom and they're gonna get out of that pile and that you would in that way, you've helped them this fired I'm feeling. So many no I ain't going right, don't cry! You hold those tears back, but if you need to cry you know I'm the damn bottom [, __ ]. For so long and I, hear you see right now. It comes out, it was not a high I, sweat Annapolis, it's not at, but it's your top [ __ ]. You see you want to work. Alright I think we got to get rid of the words [ __, ], yeah I. Don't think I think that's the issue. Let's scratch the whole head scratched bit and probably say: you've watched the latest Chappelle special. He talks about it and the way he talks about it. It's like the bottom [ __ ] is the person who's like carrying everything, doing everything. Without them, you wouldn't be anything but you're, also using them yeah. Now, then you explained it and I should have see I didn't I watched half of it. I did not see that part yet he's probably the best living sander, a median so great that exists, but I think she's proven her point. What's gonna turn into one? What are you again? Let's go back to my prostitute -, that's mine! Mine is a different kind of special right cuz. It's it's more I'm trying to entertain people in kind of an old-school way right with stories, and then I have comedy music yeah, which I've always done, and that I was gonna say before any of this happened. It would be a great edit to lift everything out of no bottom bits in this whole thing is that I feel a stronger need more than ever to make people feel good to entertain me because I know I'm back to how you were different. Now, then you exactly that was your question and when I started, you know you want to get on TV, there's people that are watching that want to be stars that want to be famous and that ain't no reason to get into showbiz YouTube. That's really become a thing and that's reality stars and that that before YouTube you had your reality star that was the the next offspring of television and all it well. Anybody wants us to be famous, and, and- and the point is you want- you want to do a good show right now, you you know, I I want to be good on your show. You know I'm not doing this somebody'll know who I am. Is this a result of maturity or something else, I? Think it's a lot of things, but maturity is part of it. I think it's a lot of life experience, that's been but prioritize things. I, have you know three daughters, I have a fiance who actually loves me. Yeah and I know it was during your special. You were not engaged right because I mean no I got engaged right, a girlfriend yeah we were gonna, go back and and just loop in a TR, fiance boy, I sure love my fiance, but I and so I have a huge respect with with all my comedy, which tends to go r-rated and has. If you go through my old stuff man, I mean I I'm gonna like whoa, there's, pedophile jokes in there and I sure I bet I'm. If you do it with the sound off it doesn't look like I mean any harm, you know, but it, but it's offensive some of it and there's still ways to do it in Dave Chappelle in that special would bring up and it's it's his style and it's what a great stand-up comedian like himself, you throw something in you throw in the grenade. That's gonna upset people, but you finesse it. He tells as you go in and then you get out of it. So there's a smoothing that happens, which is basically called intelligent communication. It's smart conversation! If there's something you have an argument with somebody and you need to get the point out, you you tee it up really! Well, you get your point out. You listen to them. What you really have to do and then we'll be right back therapy session, but but also my maturity. Cuz, you know: hey man, I'm 61, yeah, but I, don't feel it and I. Don't I, don't act. It and but I'm responsible, I, take care of a lot of people. I take care of strangers, I mean it. If something happened on a plane. Do you want me on that plane I get mad I'm saying if somebody just sit there, while a stewardess is gonna grab you from you sit and injure you or recently. Did you about the story of the puppy that was stowed in the overhead I heard so hair and- and you know any injustice, but I was even talking more about I was talking about more secure. I am stupid enough to think that I'm a hero, you know, I, have an adrenaline that kicks in if something's, wrong and they're feeling it justice I want to test with fake Uzis is not the time for that see. The world is so fragile, but I. If I see something weird I will report it, I will go and I will get help. You're a good citizen. I want to do citizen's arrest. I, don't think that exists anymore. Well, then, you could just arrest it sound more like a vigil on me, if I'm being honest I'm, just looking for anyone to a citizen, around I will tell you this I have three kids. You guys do not have kids. Yet right. Do you want have kids? We have a puppy which is pretty much like our baby Musa test. There's a lot of people, I think where we have a lot of love for this puppy and I. Think we're ready to get more, takes him out and wakes up in the morning. So I feel like that's kind of that'sthat's, the good relationship, you're being a good you're, being a good man, you're being a great bottom and wait for somebody, and let me tell you: I, cannot wait citizen's arrest, my first person it'd be pretty cool. Doing there are no there's people, sadly exposing themselves. That's a citizen's arrest, but I. Don't think you want to do it yourself. You want to call a cop I'll first show it then arrest myself. We have to be that's it. That's the end of my specials that song we got to be kind to each other. That's what I! That's the difference in what I'm doing now. I know why I'm a stand-up for a lot of years, I went I want to direct I, directed six movies. I just finished one which I'd like to talk about at some point, because I'm, a [, __, ] and I look plug everything. I can and that's what a [ __ ] does everything she can. That's how she made he sorry, he I don't want to be your strength. How many be a gigolo I mean I. Am a gigolo yeah yeah opportunity, yeah I, wonder if pimps have both men and female or if they're female pimps, whoo yeah as a male prostitute, I think, there's different I, think there's definitely male prostitutes and I believe I know they are gotta, be a great female pimp. So we're saying you're out to get your own Private Idaho and goes. It was a male prostitute, a [, __ ] and anybody can be be a [ __ ] and a [ __ ] can be a positive or negative, a pair yeah. Of course, what I learned here, my [ __ ] Biggie Smalls, one of my favorite song Deerman for a girlfriend whoo yeah anyway. Now let me ask you: that's accurate how how is Fame affected. You you've been famous for a long long time. Right, how has what's your relationship with Fame been like over the years from kind of when you first became famous from a normal dude people recognized on the street to now having been famous for a long long time right? How was your relationship with Fame choice becomes part of your life and to hate your life is foolish, so you adjust yourself and your psyche as long as someone's not violating your time with your family. That's important, or you know, if you're having an emotional experience with somebody, you don't want somebody coming over for a selfie sure you know yeah, but if I'm going through an airport, that's right, a regular commercial airport and there's a lot of selfies that happen. If they see me because I live like Big, Bird, I'm, 64, I, look like the guy on full house, and so I want to I'm I'm fast I, learn to take a fast selfie and get a lot of Purell, because you know their phone has been in bad place. Phones, any measure of the [ __ ] that I know is on my phone. Is there [, __ ] on actual I mean it's part of an actual poopoo yeah, it's possible I mean I'm, not saying that I [ __ ] on my way to say like what is she I'm just saying particle, but no that [ __ ] part of particles. They say they would take toothbrushes if you believe your toothbrush next to the toilet. Scientists crunch the numbers on that toothbrush. Well, I saw that problem. I wipe with my toothbrush, give it to my grandmother. Man she's dead, so it's okay, I, don't want to offend anybody you. How do you really technically? Well, no I, wouldn't ever no I, don't think the soul should particle thing. Then you try to get out because it seems like you're wrong about 60% of the time. Yeah. No, that's fine! But no. If you're doubting the [, __ ] particle I'm, sorry I'm gonna have to no I. Don't doubt the [ __ ] part it over because I'm rep a couple of my agents or [ __ ] particles and I keep them around yeah, but I'm just I'm. Simply agreeing that people's phones is are don't touch you don't do not touch other people's phones and I do keep the Purell and I try to extend it even further. Don't touch other people well, I, I kind of agree with that right and- and you know you get you can get the point, is you if you travel a lot like I? Do you end up getting sick and that is docket particles, that's just being on playing breathing people's air [ __, ] particles in there? You just got that [, __ ] particle thing, it's the particle that makes it humorous yeah, because it's like scientific but all sudden, it's like no longer like an atom or something for research. It's just a little piece of [ __ ], it's actually the last thing. Stephen Hawking was working. Mankind cannot exist on earth and we must be careful to stay out late and [ __ ] articles, oh here we go, I got some research article fact. A 2012 study by Manchester University in England, says it's much worse. More than 10 times million bacteria call your tooth wait. This is weirded weirdly, but essentially 10 million bacteria call your toothbrush home. What I have to say like that? Just tell me it's all in the tooth. There are. We understand that at all yeah I'm trying to make basically they're sterile by the way. So that's so that's what I'm told what Aaron is sterile I'm, so you can't get that you were saying I'm I'm, sterile, no I was like man you're in I'm ever in there on that, go in the bottom inch club, peepee I'll, talk to you in terms. You understand yes, I'm young peepees, sterile poopoo is [ __, ] particles right and so that it's interesting what the human body does to whatever I think we should move to another topic. No, she found some great information. I, don't know I, don't like bathroom humor that much I found in three of my finally discovered. Do you follow again like we come from very different worlds of it won't wait enter, say that we come from different worlds of my medium in your medium, were you I, don't tradition at all really? Well, your especially is actually on Amazon Prime, which is pretty new yeah, but, like we know, we found our audience on YouTube, which is that I was at the beginning of Nakano you're right, but as a video show, if you want to see people get hit in the nuts I, was the I call myself the Gateway you had to go through me? It is a guy falling in a manhole and doesn't get out. Is he dead? That was a video that I would run and be objecting the whole time, because I want to see him climb out of the manhole right these days? No one cares. If the guy falls on a manhole he's gone. No, but it travels it. What did you curate? Those videos at all, were you involved in I was I was I was involved with killing some? That would drive me crazy, but I narrated them all with my bad voices. Look at me, I'm so mean you know that, and it was basically I was just copying a little Jerry Lewis and Mel Blanc. Who is this guy that everybody should know, because he did all the voices of all the Warner Brothers cartoons, which means Bugs, Bunny, Sylvester, Tweety, Bird? Okay, all the Marvin, the Martian, that's Mel Blanc, so I was doing a poor man's imitation of him with a show a video show that became the number one show in the world for a while, oh yeah, I mean I was when I was a kid and I was watching it all the time that was my favorite show. So we didn't have this right and this you're doing something that in five years you to the two of you will probably be in a place that you won't even believe that you're at you can you believe we just sold our company yeah. What show do we want to do it's and you go into this new media. I mean Howard Stern, certainly changed things get around and made serious what it is sure he's the jewel in the crown over there and then I go over there and I love going over there I see a lot of people. I know that are friends and I'll go on the shows and that that's the bridge between you know generational broadcasting, yeah of three radio, and but this is different. I mean this is a they got this. This doesn't go away and that scares me well. The the process of coming up like on YouTube is just like a free-for-all and almost it's so hard to rise above, like if you're a [, __, ] particle and a sea of you know a lot of other [ __ ] particles, it's hard to rise above, but the mechanism of when you gain Fame when you were coming up, I was still on the circuit right. I was 10 years trying to get a job yeah. You know, I started at 17 years. Old I just played terrible places. That was how you did it back. Then yeah I played [ __ ] holes. When that just meant a bad club, not a country, you don't want to go to right, yeah and- and you know, most of them were in Ohio, but no I was there, but but yeah there's a bottom line is this all exists because people feel very alone and they need to have something communicating with them and they don't want the quiet or to read a book or and I'm not being derogatory about it. Cuz we all get lonely. My fiance's out of town I'm, pretty lonely, my hands broken. It's been a rough week, yeah closed it in a drawer, okay, yeah putting the loop back, exhausting but I. You know you're people watching right now, you're. The reason this show is happening. The reason that it's going to multiply. That's that's what happens to these, this stuff catches, fire and all of a sudden, it's like whoa. How did that he's 14 million followers? We must give him a movie and we're gonna see more of it. You know anybody, that's talented, and this isn't about becoming famous anybody. That has a vision to do something and does it can attain whether they're happy or not themselves can attain mass consumption. I guess the difference are. There seems like it's a good point, though whether they're happy or not, because it's completely unrelated to implead unrelated a lot of people if you host it, you know I haven't of course know the late-night talk shows because I'm 140 so I know everybody didn't it doesn't, and it's a hard job and and it's it's it's a great job. It's like it's, this crazy thing, I mean I was doing the video show. We were doing. 30 shows a year and I was part complaining, because that was my nature and I was stupid and I was 30 and I was good and then I was part like, oh, my god, I'm king of the world. This is amazing, that's number one yeah, of course, and I was getting paid and you were doing full house at the same time. Yes, I was my mind. I was right in the video. Had my writers come to the dressing room, a full house, but my requirements at Full House were like Oh Michelle. You can't bring a horse in the living room and then I go back upstairs and then, ironically, it would be a video about a horse sitting on a man. You know so it all type interesting but but I still like doing entertainment that doesn't have to have f-bombs in it and talk about my penis, although I think that probably my favorite song here it doesn't hurt anybody else right and- and it's not really that offensive. No, no, not really. You know what I I grew up in Israel and full house is like a classic even there. So it's just funny. I was a guest of the Ministry of Tourism of Israel and it was in 1989 and I took my parents and I got off an El Al flight, the first two plane lands and as a camel that says, Israel loves, Bob, Saget, really I'm, gonna gamble, I can't the whole plains. Looking at this and I was so embarrassed, camel was on the runway on the run. You know, that's why. Why would they want to and like down like downplay or a publicity stunt? They used it for the it wasn't: a jerusalem post. It was more of the like the New, York Post type of paper in res real yeah, but I I had you know a remarkable uh trip. Obviously, and it was a time where you could go to the Dome of the rock. It was a time where the world was a little bit easier, even though it's never been easy. I said: do you miss it? Yeah I, always especially my family is the main thing mmm yummy to talk to them. Yeah we do. Last year we went twice go back every year, but it's like you, I lived there for five years. You lived there were you in the army yeah, you have to be like a god. Oh I love her married Wonder Woman. Thank you. You take this bottom bit stuff right out of the vernacular. No, it's a it's! It's a it's a mystical, interesting place, and it's so weird that so many religions are all it's the bedrock of so many of them and that we are in a Tower of Babel as humanity. It's such a tiny country and there's like it's like everything, is happening right there I, don't know it's like New, Jersey and Delaware fighting with it, because it's really not that special of a plot of land. If you take the biblical, but they made that right, yeah your architecture of what they made out is also impossible, but it was built a lot of it was built by slaves. I mean that you know the Wailing Wall was built by slaves, I mean I, would imagine right. Well, that's been a while everything, large and monolithic all the churches in Europe are built by slaves. Yes, 50 years old, I mean there's really just a bunch of Hut's there before like Eli's pictures, her family is, they grew up there, but they have pictures from like the 50s, when Israel was first established after World War Two and Tel Aviv, which is now the major metropolis there was just since then was literally just handle been more than 50 years. Now it's more than 50, or it's not five years ago. Now, it's a years ago, and it was the greenest desert I ever saw you know in 48, not that I do know that it's poor, yeah, yeah you're right, you're kind of both right. It's a wedding. It's my fault! Well, I'm, choosing her side yeah. Would you expect me to do I'm DJ's by mission right, DJ, Steph Michelle is dad when I'm gonna choose you Mike, Steve, yeah, so I'm on a plane, Bill, Maher and I. Did the Hawaii show right which he does all every year? And he asked me to do it because we've known each other a long time and we wanted to have fun and I wanted to go. So that was a parody of that. The Franken unfortunate out Franken thing so on a serious note. Photos like these days can actually offend people and get people into trouble, and, understandably, and and well I'm wondering what do you think about this? Like cult of outrage that we're living today as a comedian? Is there, how do you? How do you feel about everyone getting so angry? Well, it's hard for me. If someone's hurt for real reasons, are you sick? You keep quiet acid reflux. Oh you do yeah. Do you take prilosec ID like to [ __ ] heat it like candy, okay, look right in the camera and do an ad for those not helping they're gonna. Send you a cake. The worst you'll get a free case of prilosec I. Have a lifetime supply right? It's clearly not how about I'm a horrible! Hey, take prilosec what happened you know some people were outraged by it and Bill and I talked about it and he was like people, it's a joke. It's a joke and it's a satire of something really unfortunate, but because I know I I'm a huge fan, I always impolite to Al Franken. He made mistakes, obvious mistakes, he admitted to them, but it's still, you know, there's so many mistakes out there and there's so many people that have violated so many people, but that was coming out of an animal house time, but no matter what you do. No matter who you are, the biggest thing is: don't shove your tongue down, anybody's mouth, yeah, grab them physically touch them, I, believe the hands in that picture and in Al's picture aren't actually on the actual brain. They are a distance away yeah, it's still making fun of someone, but if you were doing other stuff, that's another bomb or more specifically, I hear a lot from stand-up comedians they're like I, don't go to universities anymore, because I can't say anything. You do I. Do your experience? Well, I, I, just I, just think everybody's wrong. I! Think that you know your left. Your right, you're, liberal, you're, conservative I, just think. There's a comment. I want to find the common bond and I believe that humor is one of the ways and music does it to have always done comedy songs, because I used to be a fan of Martin Mull I'm, actually gonna make a documentary about him, which is happening right have to I, had to get to work, but he's a guy that you, you would know him a brilliant comedian and he did comedy songs and they kind of a foolproof in a way, and so you find humor that's foolproof. If something's really really funny I mean if you're watching Eddie, Murphy and Nutty Professor or in the Klumps um, you show that to the whole world, I mean pretty much yeah people aren't gonna fight over know, you're hurting my feelings, yeah, it's just watching a genius do so the hilarious yeah, so I don't know. Eh I believe there has to be some common bond that can stop all this insanity, but there also has to be the good part about it. All is that people have to that. There's too much abuse period and there's too much it's enough, but and we have to. We have to just police human dignity, besides police, all the tragedies and when a tragedy strikes and I'm I'm on that night, when a comedian is about to do a show Wow. What is that like? It is a well. You see the late night guys the late night, guys dresses it's like they do they're seven minutes, but we're gonna do whatever. When 9/11 happened, David Letterman had no studio audience and did his shows interesting. He just did them. He and he he just said we're. Gonna do these shows and they would have conversations and that's broadcasting just and that's compactly there to be there for people when they need it and that's the whole deal yeah. It is - and somehow raise everybody up, not to quote Josh Groban, but right who I like he sang a song you raised me up. You know Josh Groban I'm, not familiar with that song. It's a famous song because people would know it, but I just did a I played someone diabolical I've had a talk, show host accused of killing his assistant on a show called the good cop with Tony Danza and Josh Groban on Netflix, which is coming out soon. Nice I decided to be nice to stop all this talk of making the world a better place and plug. Something, certainly did you so you so merged. You have merged. It goes with us. Well, we've got shirts, we've got well. Ela owns a fashion. Company Neil is the CEO we have. We have our merch, which is like t-shirts with stuff. You know and like this cop yeah I love the Simpsons a little bit. It has that kind of feel yeah. We have merch like we have our HTH reproductions, which is our main comedy channel, and this is kind of offshoot. So it's a free podcast, but most of the merchants. T-Shirts and I also recently started a clothing line, really merch stuff that you designed yeah yeah wow, that's a G. So what are you doing? I do pretty might have a kid you're walking the dog taking in the next level. Yeah you guys having a kid would be nice if you want you in the world of the pair, don't want to where we do. Yeah you are is okay, to tell me this I mean I, you know ela, oh, it does guys already got the bad joke. You know merch speaking of plugs, don't I were you yes, go to a commercial break, don't go anywhere because there's tons of goofs and laughs and spoofs and what what's? What are you selling in this commercial right, good stuff? Oh man, that niced stuff, not jars of [, __, ] particles, well, I think I mean having tested I, don't know if that okay, everybody's yelling, is it my particles or would it be like a communal of particles? These are all your it's a flavor. It's a mix. It's all end on an airplane. It's a blend! It's like a jar, some air from airplane and here's a jar, a sparkly jar off of an airplane, and someone comes at you in an alley and intervention depending on what did you use? How did you take me down? I use just the hand airplane for blame damn, so that would be in our next episode. But until then these are our sponsors and I hope that you'll support them stay tuned. Thank you too, and VM T for sponsoring this episode. The HP podcast movement watches. You guys have heard us talk right here. They were made by two college dropouts that started their own wash company, with the belief that fashion didn't have to break the bank and they've now sold over 2 million watches in 160 countries and I, don't know if you've checked out their site lately, but they've doubled the number of styles and they're still expanding check out this watch, sleek beautiful, fashionable sexy as hell and I. Think they'll, probably even stop a bullet. How thick and meaty this thing is tactical, although I don't recommend trying it they've also started making bracelets look house looking amazing. Those are the packaging unbelievable. You buy that for your significant other. All I have to say forget about it. I don't know if that means, but they're gonna be freaking stoked. If you get that, thank you eula. They look great on you by the way. Let me show you my favorite one. It opens and closes so easily. Woo love it guys. This watch starts at just 95 dollars. If you were to go to a department store you're looking at four to five hundred dollars, easy for a tactical, beautiful handsome watch like this forget it dude. They figured out that by selling online they were able to cut out the middleman with all of his BS markup and provide the best possible price. Okay, it's a classic design, quality construction and styled minimalist leave because they know the Year tasteful dude, who just wants mentalistic beautiful watch. So here's the deal guys get 15% off today with free shipping and free returns by going to MVM t.com / h3c wide movement keeps growing check out their expanding collection, go to nvm, t.com, slash, h3 and join the flippin movement. My dudes thank you to sponsoring us movement next up me undies, thanking me undies, guys me on DS. You know I'm a huge believer in their product they're, the perfect balance of comfortable fit every month. They have new and exciting prints and they arrive at your door in a fun bag, a fun bag. It sounds like good matches. Dino. It just sounds like a little sexual, a little fun max good to play with your fun bags around. Look at this you wearing, but like the point is that you can give yourself a mega wedgie and still be comfortable. That's how flexible and breathable and beautiful these Monday me undies underwears are give me a minute as I I, don't I do want to have kids someday. These are covering oh yeah. I want to have kids relatively soon. So let me just fix myself here me: undies uses lensing micro, modal and our underwear. It's a sustainably sourced, naturally soft fiber. That starts with beech wood trees and ends with the most amazing fabric. You've ever experienced. The results are downright dreamy. I, don't know what the rest of this copy says, but I literally just atomic wedgie myself and I'm. Fine, how flexible and soft and breathable can I get it started as Beachwood tree, and it ended up in between my [ __, ] balls and anus. Isn't life beautiful the roads that you take? You just never know me. N DS has adventurous prints and designs adventurous. They can end up in my [ __ ]. That's so adventurous they're. A [Laughter] hundred percent satisfaction guarantee me on dude guarantee we love their undies or your money back. 100% satisfaction guarantee. You got nothing to lose guys. You get your money back. If you don't like it and you can give it the atomic wedgie test yourself and see it doesn't even hurt, it doesn't feel bad at all. You don't have to do that. So here's the deal mandis has a great offer for our listeners for any first-time purchase. When you purchase me on DS, you get 20% off 20% off and free shipping. Mandis is so sure you're gonna love it. You have a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If you don't love your first pair. You get a full refund, that's the deal guys it's it's it's a it's a no-brainer! Oh it says there. It's a no-brainer, it's a no-brainer, get 20% off your first pair of the most comfortable undies. You will ever put all up and put over your head to get 20% off your first pair free shipping and a hundred percent satisfaction guaranteed, go to Mandy's comm, slash h3. That's me, Andy's comm, slash h3, guys if you are in the market for a watch or a bracelet or on we're soft beautiful. Whatever is please consider supporting our sponsors to help support the show with that being said, let's get right back into it. Thank you and welcome back we're here with Bob Saget I would wanted to ask you please you well here I showed the picture with you of Bill Maher yeah. You were in Hawaii yeah and as I understand, Bill Maher was talking that he was in Hawaii during the missile warning air. We're doing I, don't know, I think he stayed longer. I was not. Is that I missed that, but I've been through? You know: I lived four blocks from where we are right now, where we're, where we are and so I went to school at Birmingham, High and I lived, you don't want. People know where we are right now, I think it's had I, not the exact location. No, no I would never give that. But I looked out the window and I was kid in 1971, I was like 13 14 and everybody else was not born. It's listening and the ground was an earthquake. That was a seven point. One and the ground was like waves. It was just Ross, the Northridge one it was. It was so I was in Ventura at the time, and that really shook me there too yeah and that was not as bad as no we're not even close, and they marked it down from a seven point, one to a six point, eight or something really yeah. I said that was well, that's not a missile attack, but it's also pretty harrowing. No, it is. It is yeah, it's not a missile yeah! Well we're on. In any case, you don't want to be getting a vasectomy door either. Have you gotten a vasectomy I can't discuss that you'll have to look into my penis and tell me kaleidoscope right many colors. That's how I lure people um like it's in you here: Prince music, right, I, hate, music wired into my testicles. That's very modern of you! It was two discs. It's a disco Wow. What can Adam people in the other room are gone home, they're, great they're, terrific crowd, great they're? Actually, wonderful, and let me ask you about Don, Rickles, yeah, yeah, again, I think he's such a classic such a staple and young people on your. How old are you I'm, 32, and so you know and Don Rickles is because of David Letterman. Putting him on Jimmy Kimmel can hang amage to him and Jimmy is is boy one of the love is a friend and one of the sweetest people that exists. Yeah, I, love you and n is, and he is so compassionate I, I'm, gonna vivisect off at the wrinkles for a quarter of a second I, do a benefit every year for the scleroderma Research Foundation, which is a disease that hits mostly women. I lost a sister to the disease and Jimmy's done the auction several times flow Wow, and he is a guy that use it. You email and he let me give his email on. He is a guy that his I mean you can see what happened with the son Billy yeah, how he cares and he's just a lovely, lovely man and he loved on equally I saw him cracking up. We were all losing it, and Don I became very close to done to Stamos John Stamos introduced me to him, but I had directed Don in a movie called dirty work. Norma chrono, article I love that movie, but your I wish I'm one of the only ones yeah. Now me and my friends when we were younger call them GM, really still love well now, I think it gets the respect that it deserves. It does its marinate a little bit. It's a it's become a goes made for 15 year old boys, and now new boys are thrown our demographic, Dan yeah yeah. So these talk we dorm and I- are talking because all I'm saying is norm and I are talking, but anyway talking I love. What's in mom, what's in store is one of the funniest people alive back to Don Rickles yeah Don Rickles is this guy, who we won't see again? Who was able to take what came out of the 40s and 50s of racism, mmm and and really doing things you can't do and objectifying people, and but it wasn't done, was love. It was all I love, those unbelievable, not how he did it still to this day. It was because the love and the energy was so strong and you wanted to be insulted by him. He turned himself. He was such an icon and he works by the way. Here's the other key and you'll find this out the longer you do this thing or whatever you guys, parlay into parlay I, say that, like every day of course, he doesn't say: parlay yeah part of Aging yeah, I'm, gonna parlay back into the story. You know he he just wanted to. He came out of that. He did three shows in Vegas, starting at 2:00 in the morning, so he was in the trenches. I was in the trenches in my own way. I was working in terrible places. Just like everybody tonight, I'm you know is, is out in this town, we're in Los Angeles and a lot of open, mikes and a lot of places trying to get time to become good to learn and then people that Revere comedy want to be good and that's like people that I have the most respect for that are going through it right now and it doesn't end you're, always auditioning for something you know, but Don. It's definable when you watch on YouTube watched a Letterman with Denzel Washington on it so and Don kept saying I can't believe he stayed for all my segments because so it stands out for three segments, I believe and then Don comes on, but Denzel one of the stay for everybody and then Don would turn to Denzel and say: could you get my car or because he knew that it's the last thing, and then he axons mine yeah? What it was was saying, isn't this racism just a big bunch of [ __ ] yeah it wasn't, it had no hatred or animosity. It was literally the opposite cuz, if you're a comedian and in you're working in clubs and in Vegas you're with very few white people and that's where I want to be very few white people. That's it my clients down here lots of white people. Here it is very white. There's one thing: I notice about the a treat podcast. Oh! Thank you very much we're about to get articles written. We have not had a oh, my god, yeah yeah I'm big trouble. You guys got to do some stuff here. You gonna fire about three people change the subject. What cuz Don Rickles is the kind of guy. When you see him he's always on, he is on like on on yeah. Well, you were friends with the guy. So what was he like when he wasn't on? Or was he almost comedians that I've known and know they can be funny we like to screw around with each other and and just see who's? Gonna, say something. That's gonna! Be crazy or- and it's sparring you know, but that wasn't Don he he would get pretty serious. You'd have dinner with him really I'm he'd have a cocktail and you'd sit there and he would hear we get very serious. I mean he lost his son Oh at 43 years old, his son passed away and just a few years ago his daughters are really good comedian, Mindy, Mindy Rickles, and she looks like him, which is and I have three daughters and my middle one looks like me and I'm like well: wait a sec but she's really pretty soon. As that mean am I attractive, [ __, ] particles, right I'll, look up you if you've wanted to say I'm not going to use that crass language. But if you put here, listen to you how the times have changed. Well, no I'm, sayin I will not use up that they say: I will [ __ ] the [ __ ]. Out of you, that's just easy! Well, it's not funny. It's also the basis of what I would do maybe 20 years ago, but I don't I, never used the word [ __ ]. As a verb I, that's not true either, but anyway [ __ ] out of somebody anyway. How attractive is that? That's not that's! You don't want to break that down. Well, no, no yeah! You're! Like a mess. You know your toothbrush is ruined, I will [ __ ] you tenderly, and the [ __ ] will not be expelled from your body and if a little does seep out a little bit I'll clean it up. Let me explain something to you right now. You just [ __ ] block yourself from having a baby for two months. If I can get into your chances, are we worth it? If I was her I would duct-tape my underwear on the night I would not allow you near me, Bob. Let me ask you this I, don't want to see you like that. I apologize, I, just duct-taped your wife's underwear. What do you have to say about the allegations that you raped and murdered a girl in 1990? Well, that was Gilbert Godfried and what happens is we're at a time right now that that is from the roast when Comedy Central, Roast of me and and I was happy to be roasted on there, because it was my friends which most of the roasts are not your friends. There's people that you know somebody will be honest. Nobody knows anybody at that point right. Here's some guy who never made me come talk, [, __, ] about you right, so I had Stamos who's. My brother, yeah, hosting and Gilbert went over and over again and said this horrible heinous thing. Can I play this for go ahead, go ahead, but it's horrible [Music] [Music]! This opens up a lot of stuff that we need to back out because for one this couldn't be done right now right and if it was, it wouldn't be televised and it's the least funny thing on the earth. You know there's nothing more heinous than rape on the earth, and people should be I'm not here to put sentences on people yeah, but Gilbert is a love and I love, Gilbert Gottfried, so Gilbert Godfried when Gilbert says the worst thing in the world. He is just literally saying this is the worst thing in the world, so he's saying it as a statement. But what he's saying is this is there's nothing worse than this, so I'm gonna say it a hundred times, but so far I haven't seen you provide any evidence to the contrary and I don't intend to in 1990. Where was I? Oh I was now it all clicks, no see. The first thing is this and I've talked about this with several people, I've, never ever been a guy who I mean if I wanted somebody's number, when I was I'm divorced 22 years ago, I was I, got divorced, I did like six girlfriends and now I'm. Finally, with the person that is like a dream for me, I'm happy for you like we get to talk, we get to be together and and- and everything is just I mean it's I- miss her I mean I'd. Much rather be with her than you right. Oh I, don't blame you she's gone so I mean, but she'll be back, but right after this. But what happened is you know you make mistakes, but mistakes I would have made my that I made in my life would have been alcohol induced, but I'm, never ever I don't have the ability. The way I was raised and who I am to forcibly put myself on someone ever I might have tried to kiss somebody by moving toward them like second grade well. Not a tongue down is really not a holding someone forcibly so yeah, most I will have find out repulsive hostage. I would have to have someone like Bob Costas, no I would I'd have to have someone but wearing a Kosta shirt Mecosta right, no I would need to go to la Costas and you San Diego, where we aristocrats based artists, free associations, Crazy Eights, good words. Do you understand that? Yes, eight of clubs, so you, then you have to bring up a clubs here, an eight you think I'm having a break I thought it was just no I'm just saying the formula of improv Oh, but anyway well I think you have to be. You have I, don't tell you. The truth is I. Do not like when I read on Twitter. You know like people that repeat what Gilbert said, because it's out of context alright and it's out of context with you, knowing Gilbert at seven god. I, think that was part of that. That was what was the job. That was the joke, Dan and the roast that lasted it's a real. You know it was so funny cuz, greg, Giraldo and I loved him and he passed away and it sucks yeah and he was the first person up and so I'm sitting there and I'm thinking what have I done. Oh my god, because he said that I look like with those granny glasses and that pointy beaky nose. You look like the Vlasic pickles store and I'm like, oh god, what's gonna happen to me now and then some of the producer announced over the loudspeaker tell Bob to look comfortable right, that's helpful and then it got it got easier. I started to figure it out. The nor McDonald got up, and my friends got up norm did the bit where he just read from a joke book yeah that was and I had told him. That was the curse and then he finally did yeah I'm saying [ __ ] dog face okay, yeah yeah. But but the point is, you know: people try to stay self about you, but thank goodness, that's from a kiss glamour. Bob Saget, as far as we know, has not raped or murdered any females, not as far as that. Take that prize, how can I know I'm, not I, don't know everything. Look you said it 150 times. Everybody here is debatable to me indicates that Bob has committed. No such crime. It is never happened except through the mouth of Gilbert. Godfrey, yes, and I have also been through the mouth of Gilbert God. Incidentally, because you I mean he's like three and a half feet short. It's just both I went to dinner with Cobra and I said what happened to you. Is it what happened every year? Did you have a rough life? Well, you wanna see where your parents in the Holocaust tell me the truth. We had an honest dinner and anyone nope I said then why I did it on his podcast? Because everybody's grandmother has a podcast yeah, there's a lot of pot, but you guys have rung out of the desert. Like Israel my trees, there I mean I bought a lot of trees as a kid. Are they there? That's a good question: where are all the trees? You see a little forest with maggots little sag trees. Yeah I got at least 10 to the bar mitzva. What, if there's just a giant scheme that they're just yeah when you get Bar Mitzvahs Americans you there like, like Bitcoin, hey, we planted ten trees in Israel in your honor and I mean at the age of thirteen. It's like yeah, but who [ __ ] cares the north is it's not desert at all yeah? How could that has to because it's a desert but I, don't understand the theory of Masada I. Don't understand it. Mrs. get really really hey. Wait. Masada was that the thing were they, the wrong has killed all the Jews. No that's where they killed themselves before the Romans crash right right right. You don't understand why they did it I believe you I, believe you fight to the end. I, don't believe you kill yourself if I guess what they did is they killed the children and the females because they didn't want them to be slaves and raped and and they would have thrown the babies off the mountainside I raped all the women, so they're like I'd, rather take your life. Well, you make a good point, probably letting the brother end on a really positive note. Oh I'm, not leaving now I was going to say, you've got you've, gotta get Tommy, you're gonna, okay, I'm, not gonna. No we're great I'm canceling everything masada! Can we get some images in people of images that you have a shoe of a movie out, I haven't sought out, are in the movie, that's gonna come out in the summer and it's called Benjamin and I worked seven years on it. One Nicholas at a Barak and a writer, Joshua Turek brought it to me and said: are you interested and I went I love this story and it's about participation. I am the director and an actor and an craite I I was we had a very low budget and a very short shoot only 15 days and I played the dad of a kid played by max Burkholder, who was on the show, Parenthood, really good actor and we think he's on crystal meth. So it's based on something that isn't relevant and important, and my girlfriend played by the very talented, Mary Lynn rice cub. She posts on Facebook that we're gonna have an intervention and I. Don't think. That's where you post an intervention right and then the the band who leaves the intervention is Rob Corddry, the hilarious, Rob, Corddry, who's, the family gynecologist, and it's got Kevin Pollak and Cheri Oteri and Dave Foley and medicine and Clara Mamet, and it's about a family and in less than 24 hours, trying to help this kid right, but you find out that and it's a dark comedy. Obviously it's not a it's, not a laugh. It's very masks entire cast and their own lives at the end, but I'm really excited about it. I'm excited people to see it because I think it hits a lot of notes of how screwed up relatives are that coming to town and how people's respect it I would say near the end of the summer. Is the lime excited I can't wait, I, don't think it's gonna be a lot of a lot of enjoyment. I'm not saying I enjoy me and I and I think it has a certain point you see to it enter and that's why I made it and that's my hope is that people will love it. Well, congratulations! I'm! That's really exciting! I'm! Sure, no small feat direct and act in seven years, seven years and if you have small feet it doesn't necessarily mean that you have a small. It doesn't change the feet itself. If the hands are the thing that, if they're small right but feet has it ever been brought out that if you have small feet, you have small well, the gag was always you know what you say about people with small feet. Now, all sucks, oh really, that's brilliant little unexpected little twist. That's the cleanest and most proud of me. No [ __, ] particles. No, no! No particles! There are partial particles on socks because you are in the bathroom in your socks. Generally, you take a [ __ ], the particles get on your socks. So if I could get a set, your socks can I. Tell you something, though morning no I showered before I came here: I, don't wear socks on there's, [, __, ], better I, [, __ ] in the socks before I put them on I was more than I. Bargained for I was backing out of the house today to come here, just basically just moving backwards, but in the car in the car I was in Reverse in a car right backing out and that's when a gardener was trying to be helpful and put the trash cans in the driveway cuz. The gate was closed. He couldn't bring him in not good and I had to get out of the car and touch the garbage perils and bring him in and that ruined my day. Well, you ruined my wash your hands after that. Well, we were leaving ruin my whole day. Have you ever I drove the car limb since I drove I had the wheel like this right right, good, airplane pilot, you have not cleaned your hands all over that Mike well I've been in preparation for receiving your socks. Now I cleaned them the minute I got here. Oh you did yeah I'm gonna go touch the valet guy when I leave yeah good pat on the back all over his whole body. It was like the parking-lot Soup Nazi. You parked between those two things, but that thing looks like a truck from Star Wars I don't want to park. Tech know that that parking lot is a disaster. It makes me very nervous. What do you think about the idea of bringing him up here and to do a little gag on the show necessary because I'm staying a little longer, I think not now just generally Oh, generally yeah, when you could I mean the Letterman Show always had the guy that owned the deli next door right, you got your parking lot, not see, but but you don't know what kind of germs he's got I mean I would say that he is sick. Half the year, yeah I'm gonna cure that we'll have two saran wrap him. Obviously, I guarantee you this week, he ate. Was it Top Ramen? Is that how you say it rahman? How do you, how do you are rich? No I've, never had it his tongue main. How do you say? Ramen, ramen men, real I'm, ignorant, there's a difference. It sounds like what like a an ivory tower. Oh person would say: Ramon, oh well, that's all we eat. That's all I was gonna, say Top Ramen, it's great for me to bring up references that I can't pronounce Top Ramen. You've never had Top, Ramen I, think I have it was rated like monosodium glutamate back in the day it was like powdered chicken soup like if you eat this, you have a hundred percent chance of getting cancer early. That's how I feel and I still, but if you get in a good restaurant, if you're gonna, that's why I love it right! Good ramen is good, that's great, and then you have a spoon and chopsticks, so you get very busy. I still need the one that cause makes me forget about ever. Just that really and you pull back the top. It's been married about five years, been together for over ten. That's really really nice! Thank you! Thank you. You got married young yeah. We were like 26 or 27 I did that I got married at 26, not to say that you'll be divorced in 14 years. What team that's a long time to be together? It's a look. What I'm? Just curious after being married for 14 years was the divorce a gradual thing, or was it all like? It's very painful anybody, that's listening who his parents have been through it or their grandparents, but usually their parents or or themselves. If you do have any adults listening, yeah, not adults, older people that have been married, I known even look at a four year old as a kid I I I'm, not an aegis like it's really weird like I'll, have a long conversation with like a nine year. Old people would be scared, I'm, like I'm, not Lenny from mice and men. I'm, not gonna, hurt them just talking it again, but it's it's a hard thing to go through and if you cannot do it it'd be great to work it out it just it happens, it happens, and you know every relationship has a time on it and it could be forever. It could be your whole life if you're lucky, you think it just expired. I think it changed. I think I changed. You were going through a lot I'm sure it's a lot of stuff happened. I thought, I lost two sisters and Wow, but that doesn't matter that's my stuff. She went through a lot. You know it's really hard. You guys changed, that's what happened. We we, we I, probably changed more because she was pretty much solid as a mom and stuff, but um it's just hard. It's just hard and and people make mistakes and and you can get through those mistakes. That's the other thing. If people are thinking of breaking up some people stay together for the kids, yeah and and then the kids see a lot of unhappiness right right and some people are amazing and they're able to stay together and they stay together, but I'm really I'm crazy, fortunate I'd love to freeze this moment. Just with you guys right now, Andy [, __, ] particles would be frozen and like in the matrix. Neo was dodging bullets, but my kids are so smart, but it was just really difficult but I'm friends with my ex-wife and we you know, we've raised these three amazing women, they're they're women and I was trying to give it to myself because they can't believe it now. What are they? 31:28 lost their ballot, all right, yeah, yeah, yeah and, and we I'm gone to New York I'm a month Fallon on on Tuesday and my daughters and I have been texting all day. You know what do you want to eat after this? No I can't eat the night before I'll be bloated. You know, daddy gets bloated, so the next night I can get bloated time. I bloat Mika's interference. I need to learn about your boat, so it's all about, if you're on camera, to stop eating no well, that's but I, probably like food I, feel that every day and I use it for solace and they had a lot of us do I'm. You know, there's things we love to eat. What's your favorite comfort, food, I, think old men I'm, a cannibal and I really enjoy cooking and eating an old man. So, okay! Well, we have evidence mounting. The accusations are starting to look bad well now, they're, the ones about the girl are wrong. Just me and my dad was 89 and I loved him. He was delicious [Music] I'm, not saying I would do anything that hurts any woman. Any person I would never throw myself at anybody, but if he's there and he's still fresh right, why not cook him? It's it's harmless! You love it! It's what they call a victimless crime right right. So why not eat them? Sure exactly was there anything I we we well I, am on tour yeah you're, going to tell us man, you just hit here's the normal website, with my name on it: Saget calm, its si GE T in case people want to spell it wrong and hurt my feelings: what's the common misspelling on Saget? Well, it rhymes with stuff. So I had a rough childhood say that to you yes, sir, that's unbelievable I lived in Norfolk Virginia, that's unbelievable! No, you would say it because you spent an hour and a half on [ __ ] particle. You can't say you can say that word I feel [ __, ] I'm, holding on to [ __ ]. That way, I think you should just hold on to her and wipe the word from your vocabulary, except it's a dog, a female or male, that you have Bonanza mail. Okay, so we can't use that nope all right! Well, maybe get another dog or have a daughter and just cover that important to me by the way, I, don't walk around the house saying at all. This is the first time we're discussing our intervention. This is this is an intervention where the next time I see you guys might be on the way to having a kid I hope. So well, you should get started so I can come back in nine months. You want to come back in nine months, all right, it's all for you and she's ready to adapt. You bring me in I'll. Deliver the damn thing: I, don't want you in that room, I'm sure of it. I decided minutes. What do you think, whatever the doctors say that Bob can come in and you cannot? The doctors like this is a complicated birth. We need the only one man who can deliver this baby, the father from full house Bob Saget will not so I'm on tour and that's it. That's all: hey! Just thanks! I'm out I'm doing my studies and I'm doing Denver cent on San Jose coming up then Denver and Phoenix and I'm just staying on the west coast for a little bit so they're going to New York. You know to do Fallon on Tuesdays. Come on guys! Listen! Good luck! It's very important that you follow. These instructions go to Amazon and watch the zero-to-sixty. It's extremely funny! You're gonna love it go to Bob sack accom, buy some goddamn tickets and see this Bob Saget in person. Cuz you're gonna love it. It was been a Joyce, but a pleasure has been a lot of fun if the stand-up is half as good as the special it's gonna be the best night you've ever had. So please support this man and the film we're all waiting for it. Yeah. Well, when it comes out even sooner we're gonna, let everyone know thank you all, but I'll be back and hold myself out in here. Yeah it'll be around when you say the film's out. Well, I made you a lot July, probably so. What month is it? Where are we I know? It's a sixteenth yesterday was the Ides of March at Shakespeare. He's that's scary, he's a little dude that wrote just a little guy, just a little dude, a big dream. All right! Thank you for having me you guys, [Music] lucky, you know, yeah I know don't mess this up. Now you sound like my mom yeah I. Am your mom and don't worry and I'm lactating. So it's yes! Okay! All right! Do you mind yeah, it's almost like I've been drinking. So much that my milk will put you right to bed. That's special! You are good at breasts. I hope. Are our paths cross again? Thank you. Well, they will I mean I came here. I had a good time. If you'll have me back out on car yeah, it's really hope our paths will cross again. Well. I don't know sound like some movie, I'm being dramatic, I'm, being dramatic, no you're, wonderful, go god! I'm late and everything like I'll chill about it, but I really enjoyed this I could sit and do this for hours. So I understand how you can do it for hours, but I, don't know how you can do it for hours without me, yeah, it's impossible. Those are 10 minutes. We would keep going, but I know you have some stuff you have to get it. I have to go. I have to meet a writer immediately. Thank you for even making the time in car. Thank you. Next Saturday is our next episode, the podcast with Sean Evans you're, good I. Like him tell him you have any like curses or you have anything you want me to throw in his eyes. Tell him there's nothing too hot. He can give me oh you're ready because we have I I wanted to torture him because he never shows. He never shows suffering on that show it's a little deceptive because and I'm not judging the guy, though he takes a little nibbles. Oh, he takes tiny little ones. It was like this, he does he's just a head shake, but he does but like the guest goes in because you don't know like oh just take a little nibble and there the difference when a little nibble and a big bite is the whole world yeah, so I'm in again, I was I was eating. The whole wing I know I saw that's what he died. I know like if I was who nobody could go the whole wing every time he takes a little nibble yeah and that's what he should burn it. Oh wow, but in Saturday we're gonna get him number one. You watch so guys. Thank you. So much for tuning we'll see you next Saturday, god bless ya, appreciate you stay good, be good watch over the ship particles, wash your hands regularly and Joey enjoy your weekend. Thank you guys see you next time.