Welcome everybody to the Sleep podcast live. Today's episode is sponsored by Cara lifts movement and, of course, twitch Prime subscribers, like you, one small change I want to let everyone know about you used to be able to watch vod's on our twitch channel. Anyone could view it, but I recently changed it to subscriber only the reason for that is because our our show has been pirated. So much and clips posted on YouTube, usually I, don't care about this stuff, but the algorithm on YouTube, because these clips are posted first, it weighs them as the original, and so they get promoted as to be watched on the sidebar instead of our actual original episode, because their first to the system. So this in a way, is our one method of combating that making it harder to get the vods so, but our vods are always up on YouTube within 24 hours the next day, so I hope that you don't mind being patient, and if you do want to watch the body you could just subscribe. That being said, our next guest next Friday, oh I, am excited to announce this gust, my god. This is the dream guest that we've all been waiting for: the gracious illustrious beautiful classy industrious, the illustrious did I, say illustrious already, probably ela Klein, that's right. I thought it'd be fun to bring ela Klein to get in the hot seat and take take some questions from me and you. What about me my you yeah and you good point so next week on Friday ela is gonna, be our guest and, as usual, the there is a thread on the subreddit for questions for her I think should be a wholesome, wonderful experience that I'm very much looking forward to, and that brings me to the point of today's episode. Our guest is Jordan Peterson. He is a Canadian clinical psychologist, cultural critic and professor of psychology at the University of Toronto. He came to wide prominence after speaking out against a new Canadian law, making it illegal to call someone by a pronoun that they don't identify with he's a critic of white privilege, culture, appropriation, postmodern, feminism, he's a anti social justice warrior for lack of a better term, I hate to say that. But this is kind of what what he's uh. He knows so much about so many things and by he that's what he's known for most wildly I'd say beyond that, though, he's incredibly educated, well-spoken and insightful person on pretty much every topic, I've heard him discuss. Even if I do it disagree at times with some of his opinions, but I thought he would be a fascinating, dare I, say, guest passenger being on today and hopefully I'm hoping to steer clear of some of the more typical topics of conversation that we that people generally ask him about and just want to ask him some general things about life, because I think he's just an interesting guy with a lot of insights. So what that being said, police were again the guest Jordin Peterson. Yes, thank you for joining us Jordan. Please have a seat and before we begin there's a custard something we do customarily with all of our guests. Yes, if you do do it, you're gonna get you a little high, but only for like 20 hours. It's a slightly I'm doing this. It's just pages I, just thought it'd be like when the Olympics start Hale or if it's rituals are important yeah. Thank you. If this is a ritual, that's important. Okay, so I'm I'm happy to comply rip it fat, okay, so I just breathe out gray. Then I got the button. Fat, rips, nice, you're, good yeah, you get it damn! You know, laughs, menacingly, battery-powered, well, I want ya on one of the more graceful vape, it's actually yeah. You know that was that was okay. Like my first time, ya know it's very elegant mm-hmm! Thank you. Thank you. Well, thanks. Thanks for coming, how are you how's your trip to LA been I like Kelly, which is weird. You know, people always say I hate LA, but right but I, don't hate it. I, like Delhi, too I find that strange. The weather is like perfect and for a Canadian, that's a really good thing. Right and yeah. I've always have a good time when I come down here. I know lots of people in LA now I like Venice Beach, it's really weird it is. It is yeah. Yeah I saw the funniest thing in Venice Beach. Well, maybe not that funniest thing that's pretty funny, but I was sitting in a bar in the second floor about a year ago or two years ago, or something like that, and you know how Venice Beach is sort of where the 60s washed up to die. Well, we, the band, started playing out in front on the sidewalk in front of the bar, and they were there all 70, like I swear. They were in their 70s and they're all hippies that were the same as they were when they were 30 or 20 or 19, but they were 70 and they were out with their tambourines and there you know hippie outfits and they were doing the street band thing and, and it was well, it was a perfect la moment. Thank the vaping, the continual vaping, so I want to talk first about how we met I guess you could say. First time I saw you was when somebody posted a link on our subreddit of you. Sharing our video about humongous yeah, with my personality class. Okay I was pretty funny. I saw I saw that you had shared it, but I, don't recall ever seeing your commentary about it. So I wanted to ask you: what did you? Would you think? What do you think well, I was talking about ideological possession in the personality class and and how it is that people participate in while acts of mass terror. You know like those that occurred in Nazi Germany and also in this Oviatt Union and I thought that and I'd watched the humongous. What would you call it? It's episode, it's like a yeah. He was in the court courtroom and he came out and this person came and asked him his name, and you know he didn't know who she was and he made this. You know joke and, and then she went completely crazy and really tore a strip off him and I thought I mean it was like she didn't. She wasn't paying any attention to the actual reality of the situation. I mean I, think you went and interviewed him in the corner store where he worked. Wasn't right, yeah, yeah! So he's this. Like working-class guy he's in a corner store, he doesn't know what the hell's going on all of a sudden. This hyper intellectual, radical feminist, just jumps on him and just has a fit. It's like nobody's ready for that. No well yeah, that's a funny thing, and so and then I followed up what happened after that? You know with you with your fundraiser, which I thought was really cool and also with her sort of justification. Videos and RIE used her as an example of someone who is basically possessed by ideology mm-hm. You know because as far as I was concerned, when I was watching her there was, there was almost no person there at all. There was just endless verbal outpourings of a formulaic view of the world and she was willing to put this guy through hell. She never looked at him at all, not even once. We need to figure out what who he was that's. Why I call it like the cult of outrage, because it does feel more like a cult, people don't really about right. There they're addicted to outrage, and they don't really think about. If it's not, it's not rational, it's just they're they're possessed I. Think! Well, you get by ideas. You know there's. This is something I learned really from Carl Jung, the psychoanalyst. You know he said ideas, don't people don't have ideas, ideas have people, and that's like that's worth thinking about for about five years, because it's very frequent the case. You know and there's she was on and on about oppression and and empathy, and all of these things and I thought. When you looked at humongous, you didn't see him as a person for even a second. You saw him as the manifestation of the patriarchy or some damn thinking. Well, it's funny how she like devolved, cuz at first she's, like you're, you're, just a white oppressor and things like I'm, actually Latino she's, like oh you're, just a token Latino. Then there was never any classification that would that would appease her right. He also tried reaching out and like having a real meeting to talk about what happened with her Jaidev watch with the lady yeah I didn't know that part of the story I really liked your interview with him in the store. I thought was one of the things that was so funny about. That was how the light broke. Yeah behind him. Well, yeah that was so perfect. He's a solar, the earth, guy yeah, and it's like well anyway. So so that's great that you saw that video. That was so funny to me to see one of our videos being taught. If you will in a lecture that was perfect heckled man yeah well to see you don't get to see that sort of real-time unfolding of that ideological possession. That's it it's I teach I also talked to my students in a different class about Pinocchio. You know before Pinocchio becomes a real human being he's a puppet and he's a marionette, and other people are pulling his strings constantly and and his head is wood. You know, and that's that's a little morality play about the fact that human beings are often controlled by forces beyond their personal understanding, especially if they haven't developed their character, and so I thought that she was a very good example of that and about the blindness that it produces. You know because she would have just had to look at him for beyond her perceptual blindness, for five seconds to figure out that he was really not the oppressor that she was fighting. You know I mean far from it, family, the opposite, yeah, exactly when you talk to him -, he had what his daughter was in trouble right. It was a addicted to heroin and the police had helped her get off the street and to rehabilitation, and that's why he was there petitioning on their behalf, because he had it had a positive experience with them. It's great I mean yeah, it's great. It's all insane, yeah yeah, well, I wanted to go into. I saw you tweet this recently, and it really shook me a little bit. I was I shall have a shock to see this. Oh yeah I like this one loss. This is me introduces so so you said those who consider themselves. My enemies have been posting these all around my home neighborhood, and it says here: community safety, bulletin, Jordan, Pearson, a local man, teaching at the University of Toronto, has been championing against the human rights of women, people of color, Muslims and LGBT people. For over a year, Peterson has open association with neo-nazis and the alt riot, even being referred to as a Nazi philosopher by the leader of the new constitution, Party of Canada, due to pressure from Jordan Peterson's alt-right fan base, the University of Toronto has not taken any action to fire him or disavow his attacks on minority groups. Look, this is awful, I mean that's the skull. It's really something! Well, there's a bunch of things about it that I really that that are really creative. Let's say the first: is they posted it in my neighborhood yeah, which is really nasty? You know it's really underhanded, yeah and and and and like thoughtfully. So you know there's a double message there. It's like, we know where you are. You know where your family is and we're perfectly willing to make that known and to hypothetically embarrass you in front of your neighbors and and the community safety bullet, and that's really a little stroke of genius. You know because people are gonna, watch that and then one of the most underhanded things they did, though, and which, which which you can't really tell by looking at the poster, because I look kind of angry there. Exactly I'm gonna choose something off there and but what's really interesting about that, is that that picture was taken at a rally that I spoke out in favor of free speech. Of course, that I was invited to speak out and during the rally, the same kind of activists who put up this poster, took the mic, shut off the PA system and blasted everyone with white noise. So, in order to be heard, I had to raise my voice a lot, and so they took a picture so really Here I. Am they beta -, yes, I said well, they made it impossible for me to speak unless I spoke very loudly, and so that's what I'm doing here. So they actually took a picture of me reacting appropriately in the situation to provocation from them. To make me look like well, who knows like like well like an angry like I'm like an angry guy. Yes, sir, you just want to you- want to round up some minorities. Yeah I, look of it yeah. This is some impressive propaganda. I mean this is you're right. It is it's impressive disturbing that people are can be so consciously manipulated. Well, luckily, and I've had very much fortune in the last year. You know, because I've had a lot of protests when I've gone out to speak, not always but many times. Probably McMaster University was the worst because they more or less shut me down completely there, but they're filmed all the time the people protesting right and what they're doing is filmed by many people, and then all of the films go up on YouTube and so and every single time that's happened to me so far. The results have been positive, so the first video that which was part of that free speech rally I, was surrounded by trans activists. I. Think it's a reasonable way to talk about them. Although sit there, that's it I've got you yeah, yeah, that's what you talked about this one Ellen yeah! Well, okay! So what happened? Was that I play, it sure sure sure yeah your protest, the presence of Nazis and white supremacists assaulting people at your protest. You have any comment on that. Why were they here? Are there other views in alignment with yours? At some point, do you want to know what my views are? I've watched all of your videos? Yes, it's like you clearly I, don't even your biggest fans haven't watched, because this is my interpretation of your video. Apparently all of the people who arranged the protests against you watched all of your videos. Do you want to disavow 150 videos on you know your lectures, which starts the debate. You? Let me talk to her for a moment. Don't tell me that please, someone got you good there yeah she did well. So what happened was I went out after this free speech. Rally, yeah and I noticed that there were still some people out there and there was a couple of policemen hanging around and so I wanted to go out and talk to the policemen and see if anything, bad it happened. You know because I just wanted to check it out and when I went out well, this the people who you hear in this video were still there and that's when they came running up to me and they videotaped this right and put it online and ironically, the same exact thing that happened to humongous braked, which was the thing that puzzled me the most. It's like. You thought this was good for you. Maybe you look good yeah right, yeah right exactly yes, it's it's just shows how out of touch they are really well. It's quite amazing- and you know so this this video I think has been much more than not necessarily this clip, but this event has been watch more than I, think than any other video that I've either produced or been in, and the comments are running like 200 to 1 in my fader, so yeah like there's between 50 to 1 and 200 to 1, and so that was a good example and well- and it's been a year of reversals like that. So when I went to McMaster and got completely shut down, you know and the protesters there were quite aggressive. There's at most of these protests. There's a couple of people there that really aren't good people like a lot of them, are just young people and they're sent out there by their idiot professors to you know to be activists and they're more or less having a good time in in a foolish way. It's like you can't take that too seriously, but sprinkled in there are some men often who just are not they're, just not there for good reasons: they're looking for trouble and one of them and a woman that he was with we're. Horning me, you know from two feet away or so, and I didn't find out the least bit of music, because air horns are well they're, loud yeah, which is why people use them right then. So I wasn't really all that thrilled about the possibility of having my hearing gamba shirt, but that backfired too, like I, couldn't speak there I tried to, but no one could hear me. Then I went outside and a bunch of the people who wanted to hear me speak gathered around me, and so then I couldn't speak, and so that went quite nicely and then it was all, of course, put on youtube and the same thing happened. The protesters look very well. The protesters looked like what they were and some of them were in there. This is the sort of thing that really gets me. You know this happened again about two months ago. I had a this is a funny event. We were going to gad sat who's. A professor at concordia who's been pretty active in anti radical left movement. Maybe if you'd call it that in Canada and I am or in amity another professor and a couple of other people were scheduled to do a panel on the suppression of free speech on University campuses, which was cancelled by the University, which is really pretty yes, you know it's exactly what you'd expect in today's time where everything is upside down, but the that's where that's where these these protesters that put up the posters I'm sure it's the same group I'm, not sure cuz, I can't but I'm, always uh I, don't even understand this concept. That seems to be mostly I mean almost entirely prevalent. On the like extreme left side, were they protest, conservative or not even it's sort of a people they disagree with? Then they shut it down. Yeah to the point where you know like what happened you you can't even give the speech and to me that just seems like you're amplifying their message like it happened recently with like Milo. He went to Berkeley and these people ride it. Yeah should and I, don't personally agree with a lot of stuff that he says, but by going there and shutting him down and giving them all these headlines and stuff, you just gonna have more people listening to him. The second time around he delivers the speech it doesn't to ative. Lee even makes sense. This idea of shutting down free speech like well I- just don't listen, it's certainly not strategically very intelligent. Yes, what kind of what's happened to me in Canada is that the radical leftist types that have been protesting about me they kind of quit, because they noticed that every time they protested right, then more people were listening to what I was saying and they look bad and so ben shapiro came up there at one point and I did a talk with him and some other people and there were there, wasn't a single protester at the event which was really interesting. But then what happened was that the Ryerson event overlapped with what happened at Charlottesville, and you know everyone was very walking on eggshells after what happened at Charlottesville and they petitioned Ryerson to shut down the talk and I'm sure Ryerson was pretty willing to do that in any case, and then that's emboldened them substantially. You know they want a victory and they feel like they've. You know struck a blow for well for for I, don't know for what so what happened two days after the shutdown was, they went out at Ryerson and had a kind of a street party celebrating the fact that they, you know, stopped us reprehensible professors from having a discussion about free speech right and and they came out under the banner of the hammer and sickle- and that's apparently, okay, because you know but like it's, not okay, it's seriously, not okay or under the hammer and sickle - yeah, it's like I mean I, get it to some degree, because people aren't very well educated about whatever you know well or or if they do and they're still doing it. Well then, there's something seriously wrong, but right, you know it's part of its. It's evidence for a serious flaw in our education system, because sometimes even the students I'm teaching, we're pretty bright and and I wouldn't say, particularly radical U of T is a very conservative school. All things considered, you know, with the exception of the radical disciplines, but the first time they ever hear about the mass killings in the Soviet Union, which were unbelievably extensive, is often in my personality class in their second year of university, and that's no place to hear about that. Not a history class I mean I, hear about it. My class, because I try to lean it's strange. It is like I've learned about that in high school yeah. Well, you well how long? Where did you go to high school here in California? How long ago Oh must have been? Let's see, it must have been 15 years ago, okay and- and you did learn about well, that's good- that's good on college too, at very liberal school and UC Santa Cruz, but things were changing when I was coming out. It's not! It wasn't like it is now, but my question I want to actually wanted to follow up regarding this poster the propaganda of people putting this up in your neighborhood and the general amount of hate that you get I'm wondering. Why do you think that people hate you so much I? Don't? Why are your opinions so divisive? Well, you know. The funny thing is like this is literally the case. I've had like four pieces of hate mail in the last year: mmm, that's it like I'm, not getting hate this. This is not good, but you know there's. It doesn't take very many people to produce something like this and it's the same old. It's the same old suspects. You know, like it sure I've been demonstrated against a number of times in in the Southern Ontario area and I see the same people. It's like how many people do you need to make a lot of noise? Yes, they do and they're organized they do this sort of semi-professionally. Let me ask you this: how do you feel I know that people make this association with you because I've seen it when we have guests? Come on, we have a thread on our subreddit and people post their questions and I've seen it before people associate. You was with pandering to like white supremacist or worse I've, even seen the suggestion that you are a white supremacist supremacist yourself. So how do you feel about that? And that's it? That seems to be like a somewhat widely held well I, don't know that it's completely ridiculous, like, for example, I'm, the member of I'm, an honorary member of a Native American tribe I, got inducted last year. I have an Indian name, a Native American name like it's completely preposterous and I've been buying carvings from this like isolated tribe, in northern Vancouver, for nor on northern Vancouver Island for 15 years you know, and so and I've had lot my well. It's it's preposterous and I mean the the there's evidence that it's preposterous and the evidence is that I have 260 videos on YouTube and they must total at least 600 hours. Something like that and you know by now people have been over them essentially with a fine-tooth comb. Virtually everything I've said in my classes, to my students in the last 25 years, is on video, and so, if there was anything in there that was even remotely associated with that it would come out, and but it's even worse than that, because it's actually the opposite, because the reason I've been teaching students for since 1993 about the Holocaust and what happened in the Soviet Union. You know and I've been trying to make them understand how that's associated with with the unwillingness to accept personal responsibility and educating them as deeply as I can about the horrors of of exactly that sort of thing. I could so obsessed me ever since I was well ever since I was very, very young, and so not only is it not true. It's it's anti true. It's seriously untrue and and I think also. The other thing that's it's worth pointing out is that you know I get angry comments from time to time about the fact that I, post twit Twitter's tweets to the keka Stanny types you know and but I get dozens of letters from people who well both from the far left and from the far right or from the right who said that they've listened to my videos and as a consequence of seriously modified their views, you know and move they move towards the center, which is well as far as I'm concerned. That's a much more appropriate place to be sure, so it's there's no evidence for any of that. There's plenty of evidence for the opposite. I. Think part of it is, though, that you know I'm I've talked to lots of people in the last year and most of the people I've talked to have been conservative, but the reason for that is there are the ones who asked me to talk like I'm perfectly willing to I actually did talk in Vancouver about a year ago now called a left-wing case for freedom of speech. You know, because you can make a very strong left-wing case for freedom of speech. In fact, a stronger case I would say in some sense to the degree that the left historically has genuinely been about allowing the working-class of voice, which I think is classical democratic socialism, which has a very long tradition in Canada. Then it's freedom of speech, that's absolutely crucial for that, and so it's very straightforward matter to make a left-wing case for first free speech. That's generally, who makes the fred case for free speech. That's one of the things I want to talk to you out and by the way, I. Consider myself like a very left-leaning, classical progressive person and that's confusing, because I growing up the left was always the party of free speech. I felt, like always felt like I, was on the right side of social issues, but, as time has progressed since I finished college, more and more I feel alienated by my own, like political identity, you're, not driving myself. More and in terms of free speech like yeah, like you, said, the right, the people on the right are the ones that invite you and so I'm confused I. Think a lot of people feel the same way who grew up like classical progressives but feeling alienated from their own political home. I feel like I, have no identity anymore, I, don't know you know, I, don't know where I stand on on which party do identify. Well, that's exactly the same thing that Joe Rogan told me the last time I talked to him and my brother-in-law as well. It's a very, very smart guy, said like he feels that his that that his political affiliation has moved away from him sure and so and like I'm I by temperament I'm, not a conservative person by temperament I'm, a liberal person because I'm very high in this trait openness, which is a creativity trait and it's the best predictor of political belief, I'm. Quite conscientious and conservative types tend to be more conscientious, so I've got a bit of both but I'm by no means temper, mentally or or intellectually a conservative I'm. Actually, quite a radical thinker in many ways, although it's radicalism in the service of traditionalism, because that's kind of what's happened now- is that things are so chaotic that it's it's radical to call for a return to at least certain kinds of traditions, sure yeah. But it's also the case that if you stand up now and say the the radical left attempts to control say language have gone too far and I don't like equality of outcome. Theorizing, that's deadly as far as I'm concerned in because you oppose that you're clearly on your clearly far right. It's like well, no you're, not like centrist, is perfectly fine to oppose. Such things. Left even is perfectly fine to oppose such things, because that's an equity in particular to to look at equality of outcome. Man, nots, we've been there before. That did not go well. So so, let's, let's take a short that was the fastest 30 minutes. I think we've ever passed. No I did not feel like 30 minutes, we're gonna, take it short commercial break and we will be right back with Jordan Peterson. We've got a lot of great stuff to talk about, don't go away. Thank you to movement, that's MV, MT! For sponsoring this episode of a stream podcasted. These guys make incredible. Watches. Okay and the company was founded on the belief that style shouldn't break the bank. The watchmakers goals is to change the way consumers think about fashion by offering a high quality. 'I had a stroke, therefore quality minimalist product at a revolutionary price. We are overthrowing the watch establishment watch this. Did you see this watch this? Oh my god, let me check the time. I believe it's time to get a slammin hot watch at a revolutionary price. Am I right? Yes, that's what it says. Man listen I got one too, that is so elegant and wonderful, I mean and for the price, unmatched, listen, don't take it from us. These guys have sold over a million watches. Ok, once you sell a million watches you pretty much just get to say whatever you want about your own product and you can't question it they're the best at the best price. Now, I didn't even tell you about the best part. The watch comes in the sleek box and it comes with a tiny little screwdriver and I didn't we've. We've talked about this previously, but did you notice that there's a little bowtie? Can you see that damn there's there's a little bowtie on the screwdriver? Okay, you can't beat that no wonder they sold a hundred million of these things. Hundred million a million Tony. Don't sub! Listen guys! If you want to complete your look, you're dressing up or down this watch can get you there. I mean I, can't really dress down any further I'm trying to dress down. Do you have any seaweed that I can drape around my wrist, but most people you can dress down or up with this watch? And it's just incredible guys know if you are a fan of the h3 podcast get 15% off today with free shipping and free returns by going to envy em t.com, slash h3, my friends, it's a saline clay design that makes you a great fashion statement, now's the time to step up your game seriously. Your girlfriend, your mom they're gonna, look at you and say it's about time that you stepped up your game. So that's MVM, t.com, slash, h3, guys, you're gonna get 15% off today, watches start at just $95, so thank you so much to them appreciate you and a Papa bus. Next up, we've got lift, lift, lift, that's a new one. We all know lifts, we all love lifts. Do they know us apparently now they do we're sponsored by them. So they know us now. Lift is great, yeah open your phone, you say: hey I want to go somewhere and some great person shows up and brings you there. Okay, now lift knows that the drivers are what keeps them moving. So they do everything they can to make their drivers happy on every trip. Happy drivers me happy passengers. Maybe that's why nine out of ten lyft drivers get a perfect five-star rating. You can earn hundreds of dollars a week plus tips driving with lift lift was actually the first ride-sharing company that had tips implemented in their system. I. Remember, that's cool I started doing lyft and I was like. Oh my god. I could actually tip this sweet young man lifts me somewhere. All of you, a great tip, really good great night in huge big tip. Make them poppable bless you. You keep a hundred percent of the tips and they add fast. Drivers have been paid over two hundred million dollars since the feature was first introduced, an Express pay lets you get paid almost immediately, instead of waiting for weeks guys if you're looking for a gig, a quick pickup. This is a great opportunity. In my opinion, I think, lift and lift is incredible. Like you don't have to have a boss, you don't have to schlep around you're, getting a car and all of a sudden you make your own hours. You're your own boss, take the guesswork out of pickups. The new amp device uses color coding to help passengers find their drivers so join the ride-sharing company that believes in treating its people better, go to lift calm, slash h3 today and you get a $500 new driver, bonus, whoa! Well, I'm gonna go sign up! That's pretty nice! You got sign up to start picking. People up man, that's lyft, l, YF, t.com, slash h3, that's a limited time only had terms to apply but get in there, quick, cuz, there's 500, big ones, waiting for you and a slick, great job. Thank you to lift, and finally, we have kaptara capiche. Here's something I've realized, that's software solutions about every business need. Let me start that again. I don't get that here. Let me let me skip down start it over. Let's start it listen, whether you're a startup looking to keep track of customers, a non-profit, hoping to have a record fundraising year or a business that simply needs better payroll software cap Tara's got you covered. Kaptara has over 400 categories of business software, for you to choose from anything from email, marketing, to scheduling and accounting and beyond way, beyond you're gonna have to look through there for the beyond. They don't help you much, but there's tons. Kaptara makes it easy to find what you're looking for they have thousands of ratings and reviews of actual software users. Just like you best of all using kaptara. Is you guessed it? You guessed it ela, something there lutely free, Oh, high five I was thinking like it's the the hottest it's absolutely free, Tara kaptara cap tyre yeah, it's a tough one. It's orange! That's why it took me so long. It's absolutely free, though, is the correct answer, and incidentally, it's also true about cap Tara I'll, sponsor kaptara connects you with the business software that you need to do what you do better, so guys go to cap Tara, Capt, erra, comm, slash, h3 and join the millions of people that use and love cap tear for free get your business in order make your mom and your girl from proud of you. You know, get the software, that's gonna, put your life I, wonder if they have software. That's like put your life together schedule my day for me, how do I get a girlfriend? That's the name of the software. How do I not suck at life? They got that that's the beyond part! That I was mentioning so go to kept air.com / h3 guys, and you start your get your business going in the right direction. So if you are in the business for some business software, a watch or you're looking for a gig with lyft, please consider supporting us because they support us and that's how we do with people helping people right all right guys. Let's get back to this episode with the air boy, Jordan Peterson welcome back everybody, the h2 podcast with Jordan Peterson. We were speaking about this community safety, both in beautiful little piece of propaganda, and you had wanted to add something: yeah well, okay, so they produced another poster recently, I guess it's been posted up at the University and they said that I said that I had enemies when I responded to this poster and actually that's not what I said I said those who consider themselves my enemies, which is really very different than I, like I'm, very careful with my way, I crafted that very carefully I didn't say: I had enemies and in fact, when the students who are protesting me or they, the trans activist types I, don't consider them my enemies. So you know enemies are people that you wish harm to sure and I don't wish harm to them. What do you say to them? Well, it depends on who they are. You know like these people in the video who are like how do you accusing you of being a Nazi sympathizer overall, well Batman down tonight a person I mean what would I say, I couldn't I, couldn't it wasn't very easy to communicate with with her mm-hm. She knew everything already and she'd already had me pegged, and you know I'm kind of accustomed to that sort of thing. In some sense, I am a clinical psychologist. It isn't that easy to do something around me. That will actually surprise me. I've seen lots and but young arrogant, misguided, confused, all those things and- and none of that's good, you know, and so it doesn't raise feelings of hatred in me. It's it's more like sadness that that that that's the case I mean the people who were protesting against me. That day it wasn't like they were happy. Well-Adjusted people having good lives. Yes, like they're they're, very confused for variety raised by horrible feelings, they're just consumed by rage and bitterness, resentment yeah. It's a nice thing, not good, but I. Don't wish them harm that that would be foolish sure. You know, I wish that they would get their art that they would find their way and get their act together. That would be really good. Well I, when I saw that I thought it was wonderfully crafted as as well. Those who consider themselves my enemies, yeah and I mean how can that not be true? You got really got to have a bitter heart to put something like that up about someone yeah well in their neighborhood in a way. If it's true, it's like it's just like a shame to choose someone like you, for example, as their enemy to go after like when you could actually go after some real hateful people. Instead, you know yeah well, there's no distinguishing anymore! You know it's it's! If you're not with us, then you're right, supremacist, right, yeah, okay, well, that that that stacks up the old white supremacist, it's pretty high, you don't necessarily want to be doing that. Well, I want it like that kind of segues into what I want to talk about next and now and I want to segue out of the politics, because I think you have so much to say about so many other topics, but I guess I'll use this as a launching point to kind of go to another place. But you know- and this show we generally steer away from talking about politics, because it's just so divisive that people who are listening are gonna, get they're, gonna, unsubscribe, they're, gonna curse, my name they're gonna, it's an unsettling amount of hate, and these are people who have agreed with me all the whole way through they chair. They they, like our content, they've stuck with us and all of a sudden when I say something politically that they disagree with they're out mm-hmm I'm dead to them right mm-hmm. What do you think about the political, divisive, nough sin, our country or world right now? And what steps can we take to improve? The discussion between you know, members of the left and the right impassioned members who you know, arguments between the two typically just evolved into reducing the other side to fools, or even downright evil. Yeah yeah right well, I think in some ways you just circumvent it entirely. I mean what I've been trying to do in the last well for a long time. It's not just. In the last year, I mean I produce software with my business partners to help people get their lives together and that really works. We have a program, the Future authoring program, that if University students do it, it increases the probability that they'll stay in school by about 35%, especially if they're not really very goal-oriented and don't have a great academic background or, as it turns out, if they're visib ethnic minorities, it really helps them a lot like we did research in Holland to show that massive improvement in academic performance at the business school at Erasmus University with Michaela shippers. We were working with her, so I. Think the like the message that I've been trying to put forward and and I thought a lot about this political polarization issue way before it became such a major current issue. You know was that it's better for people to concentrate on putting their own lives together and to straightening out the things that are immediately within their their competence and and to to get good at that before extending themselves out into the broader community. You know that's a great insight, actually yeah I think. Well, it's also one that's highly saleable, and you know, because one of the things that's been mind-boggling to me. Well, there's been a bunch of things last year, but you may know or may not know that I've I've done a 13-part series recently called psychological significance of the biblical stories and I have a right. The reason I'm doing that is because part of the biblical narrative which is at the substructure of our culture in some sense, is the idea of the divinity of the individual and the importance of truth and personal responsibility. I mean that that the whole the whole narrative that constitutes the Bible, even only in the Old Testament say, but is the idea that there's something important about the individual and something sovereign about the individual, like that's sort of the locus of being, and so I've been talking to audiences about that, but also about personal reason, about aiming high about taking on personal responsibility and trying to tell the truth- and you know you'd think well, that's not really a very commercially saleable message, let's say publicly popular message, but that's not right, like when I talk about those topics in front of a live audience now. My live audiences are almost always a vast majority of men. They're absolutely like you could hear a pin drop in the in the hall in the lecture hall, because people have been fed a non-stop diet of rights and freedoms for 60 years, and it's like enough of that already. You know it's not most of the meaning that you have in your life, isn't a consequence of your untrammeled freedom and your rights. It's a consequence of the responsibilities that you choose to take on the heavy responsibilities right and you guys have this podcast. You know it's like that's a lot of work. You're talking to a lot of people, you've got I mean it's a privilege and all that, but you know you've got to be clued in and do this right, because you're quite influential- and you know I'm sure, you're in deeply engaged with that, and so I really do. Think that that to engage in the polarization is a mistake because you increase it now. I've had some political. How do you? How do you deal with these people, though, like? How do you navigate? Because it's just a fact right like how do I as an entertainer or someone who you're saying just don't don't even acknowledge? Oh well, let's say say, concentrate on other things and I think actually I think that what you did with humongous was actually really quite just part of the reason I used. It is because you you went to the level of the individual first, like you look behind the ideologue ideology. You said: look this guy. Like he's a working-class kind of guy works in the corner store, it's like there's no reason for him to be tangled up, but this this is really hard on him. He's got a rough life in many ways. It's like he didn't need this, and so you didn't get political about it, except by inference. You know, I'm I know you had to a bit because of the content of the verbal assault to which he was subjected, but you you ain't at the human end of it, which was the individual end and that worked out really nicely. I thought it was a really good gesture and at the right level of analysis, so I I think that the way you fight against idiotic ideological polarization is by getting your life together, trying to straighten out your family, trying to do something useful for your community and like staying away from that ideological oversimplification, regardless of whether it's radical left or radical right I mean I. Like that's really are you? Are you somehow suggesting that people are developed enough? They haven't developed themselves enough to participate in politics. Oh definit I'm, suggesting that's like a high-level act of of participating in a society absolutely back in the day. People would participate in politics. They would take it extremely seriously. They were well-read, they were illiterate, they cared about it, life experience yeah, you know it's like what the hell do. You know when you're 18 sure you've been you've been taken care of for your there's, nothing wrong with 18 year olds. You know, I teach them all the time, but yeah you've been taken care of by someone or the state. Your whole life, you don't know anything when you're 18 yeah you know and and that, even if you're intelligent, you don't sure, um and you've got lots. You like you need to. You need to figure out how you're gonna contribute to society and support yourself. You're gonna have to figure out what you're gonna do about having a family and taking on some responsibilities there, and you know, transform your relationship with your parents into something that actually exists between mature adults and find a partner like you got things to do sure, and if you think that you know how to sort the world out before you've even put those sorts of things in place, then you're badly, misinformed and I would also say that the people who've been teaching you or they're, not a hundred percent to blame, but they're, not helping sure these activist disciplines that say well, you know the world is a consequence of the patriarchy and what you should do is be an activist and oppose it. It's like no, you should go out there in the world and try to do something useful and then maybe you'll develop enough wisdom so that you could dare to have a political opinion or two mmm. You know so that's great I love that I can't really relate. The problem is like these. These people don't have the experience like you said they don't acknowledge it and somehow they're so [Music], ferociously confident in their in their opinions. Well, they're taught that in some sense you know, because part of what happens in universities now, especially in the activist disciplines and the humanities, is they're fed this idea that there's no there's nothing, there's no such thing as knowledge, there's just justifications for power games, and so, if the patriarchy, if the people who are dominating the patriarchy put something forward to you as knowledge, all they're really do is oppressing you and justifying their position at the top. That's like well partly they're doing that, because no hierarchy is without corruption. Okay, so it's it's there's a tiny bit of it. That's true, but most of the case in our society is that most of the hierarchies we have are hierarchies of competence. You know you don't get to the top by being brutal and tyrannical that just doesn't work except in rare circumstances, and it doesn't work for very low. What do you think about this theory that sociopaths rise to the top? No, you know by that No. Well, I know it's not true: I've actually studied sociopathy and Psychopaths psychopathy. A lot psychopaths are generally not very successful, interesting. Well, it's partly because they see they say you can fool some of the people, some of the time and so forth, right well. The thing about Psychopaths is that they betray people and people really remember betrayal, and it doesn't take much betrayal to have your reputation seriously damaged and word gets around fast, so Psychopaths the real Psychopaths they have to move around. They need new victims all the time, and so you know Pete I'm, not saying that there aren't crooked people who rise to the top in certain organizations. That happens, but it's not a stable solution and it's more rare than you think. No, you do see this sometimes when, when wrought since it sets into a company, you know a company will have developed a good reputation and you get a bad group of executives at the top, and there are interest mostly, is in stripping the company of assets and taking off with them. You know, but there is corruption in every system, but the the idea that the like the best way to succeed in modern Western culture is to be intelligent and conscientious. Those are the best, predictors and and conscientious people are generally quite trustworthy. Sure so, and you know that like who are you gonna trade with you're gonna trade with people, you trust and and word gets around man I guess: I overestimated, thee, I just loved that Kurt. What is it? But it's just more of a finally yeah. What is it something like just that the country is run by sociopaths because of its failed and Howard sociopath students, or something that, like the country, yeah, well finding them? Well, the thing is, but I mean the other thing is compared to what, like you want to live in a you want to live in an African country under an African tyrant, like I, don't think so or or in communist China for that matter, or how about North Korea, it's like who exactly? Are you comparing us to yeah? So so? Yeah, there's corruption, but okay I mean that's. That's kind of a good insight. I think yeah I, just overestimated the abilities of sociopaths but I think what you're saying about them moving around. They have to move around Springs. They prey on the sociopathic types too. They prey on the elderly like they're they're, bad people. Oh yeah, well, that this is a big problem. Now with computers, I mean I, know the frauds, yes dance to my grandma yeah. She calls me up at out of the blue she's, like I. Just got a call from you in Mexico, saying that you were stranded there needed you like what yeah yeah. Well, that's a sociopath, they're sociopath to do that or they're. Just like opportunistic people or what's the difference, are you going to be the real psychopathic types they? They have no conscience like you're there to be plucked your MPC in a video game. Yes, it's been described, yeah exactly and and they're relatively rare, and they do have to move around, and you know they can be successful in extraordinarily corrupt environments for short periods of time. But it's just not a stable solution. I can give you an example, well I'm cured. What do you think about? Like the high-ranking officers in the Nazi Party were these Psychopaths that were thriving in an unstable, corrupt situation or are these otherwise decent people that just got twisted up and the and well some while they were there a little of column, a and little of column B. You know like there is certainly openings in the Nazi hierarchies for people who were compassionless and cruel and vengeful and and and all of that the SS is a good example of that. But there's a book that I would recommend to your to your listeners, to your viewers called ordinary men by Christopher browning, and so it's a great book and it tracks the development of. So when the Nazis moved through Poland, they left policemen behind to maintain order, let's say, but it was still under wartime and browning tracked. The behavior of this one unit of policemen they're all middle-aged guys, just typical middle-class. You know bourgeois guys, they'd grown up really before Hitler, so they weren't thoroughly indoctrinated like the Nazi youth, say and, and they were sent to to Poland and their commander said. Look you guys it's wartime and you know there are traitors everywhere and you're gonna have to do some pretty horrible things here, but if you you don't have to, you can go home. If you think that's just too much, and none of them did and you think well, why not? They had the opportunity, but the reason was well. They were comrades, let's say in arms, you know so they had that esprit de corps thing going and they were all thinking. Well, I'm, not gonna like run away and leave my colleagues to do all the dirty work. It's a war and beauty. They have a duty, yeah, okay, so fine, so you know they started by rounding up all the Jews who were between 18 and 65, the men and like shipping them away and- and they ended up by this is rough. It's a rough book. They ended up, you know taking naked pregnant women out into the middle of fields and shooting them in the back of the head, and so you think well, how does a man transform in that manner and browning shows you like it's not pleasant. They went through psychological hell each step of the way, but they went you know so lots of times it was ordinary men who went down the bad path, one step at a time, and sometimes it was like people who were rotten to the core like their minister of propaganda or Magali. That doctor I mean you know he was a sadistic psychopath of the highest order, is a is there a mastermind at it seems so complicated to to to transform an ordinary man, as the book says, into just someone who's willing to execute a pregnant innocent woman? Is there a mastermind that plots the course of that? Or is it just circle? I kids is just happen, naturally, as the along with the objectives of the like. How did it? How do they orchestrate something so complicated like that? Well, I mean that the Germans were an organized, are and organized people were an organized people and Hitler really didn't give out directives precisely he sort of hinted at what he might want and then his minions would get together and you know, lay out policies in accordance with what they thought were his wishes and I mean there's a book. Another book I would recommend called Eichmann in Jerusalem and Eichmann was really the architect of the final solution in many ways and it's a characterological analysis of Eichmann and Eichmann was in no way a psychopath. You know he was perfectly capable of I. Think think this is actually a true story. I might have it confused with another story, but it doesn't matter really it's it's it's the same idea. He won. There's a story about him, driving home after work one day and running over a cat and having like a terrible emotional reaction to it. You know- and it's not like his kids- didn't love him and you know but, and he wasn't out there actually killing people. He was just making the plans. He was the bureaucrat behind the scenes and he was the sort of guy who had his mom do his laundry when he went off to the army. You know he was a. He was a faceless bureaucrat and he would have worked in any bureaucracy. He was worried about his next promotion. He wasn't thinking about the larger consequences and so and that's Hannah Arendt and she that's a very classic book Eichmann in Jerusalem, and that's that's very much worth reading. If you're interested in this sort of thing, one of the interesting things I always heard about the Nazis that he really humanizes them in a way is that they were- and you could I might be wrong about this, but they were passing out alcohol to all the soldiers, especially those in the concentration camps, to keep them intoxicated all the time so that they could cannot confront the horrible things they were doing. You know they had all sorts of. They learned how to do it across time. Right I mean you know it so Hitler started one of the things. Hitler started. It's a very strange story in many ways, because Hitler was obsessed with order and cleanliness. He was a very orderly person and he was very sensitive to disgust. You know, because you think well, the Nazis were afraid of the Jews. You know because they were other and that's not right. What what's more accurate is that the especially Hitler he he he was. He was very sensitive to disgust, that's what it looks like and if you're disgusted by something, then you want to eradicate it right, if you're afraid of something you want to run away from it. If you're disgusted by it, you want to burn it to the damn ground you want to get rid of it and his writings, like I, read a book called Hitler's table talk, which was his spontaneous discussions during dinner time from 1939 to 1940 -. It's really another amazing book and we had been doing some work and inspired a bit by Jonathan Hite who's done a lot of work on disgust and the relationship between trait personality and I was reading this book at the same time, and it was just unbelievable how often Hitler referred to the people- he was eradicating. You know the Slavs and the gypsies and the Jews and all the people he went after as parasites and as rats and his insects and all of that, so they were kind of put into that category. So and here's a horrifying part of that story like when Hitler first came to power. He put in a lot of public health initiatives, including master book, tuberculosis screening, which actually turned out to be a good thing and at the same time he went on a beautify, the factories campaign, and so he convinced that German factory owners and so forth to to increase the levels of Hygiene in the factories to get rid of the rats and the mice to plant flowers out front. You know to make everything look, neat and orderly and the insecticide they used was Zyklon. Well, Zyklon -, so to eradicate the routes in the insect cycle on a slightly different formulation was the gas that was used in the concentration camps and so Hitler went from cleaning up the rats and the mice and the factories and the insects, and then he went into the mental hospitals and started cleaning up in there and then like it, just went broader and broader again, sort of one step at a time. You know when the Germans had plenty of reason to be resentful and and hateful, because I mean think about what they went through. We can't even imagine it first of all, there was World or one, and so there was many men like Hitler himself who served in the trenches and there's one story about Hitler. He he had won a medal for heroism in World War one, and he was sitting around with a group of his buddies and went off to do something. God only knows what, when he came back, they were all dead because a mine had not in mine, I, don't remember. What's kind of some kind of shell had landed in the middle and killed them all? It's like that changes you yeah you know, and then afterwards there was all these brutalized men who'd come out of the trenches I mean you just can't imagine what it must have been like in the trenches. You know, especially if you're there, for like a couple of years, you weren't the same person get out of there you're unemployed your country's in ruins. Then the hyperinflation hits and every single person in Germany who ever saved any money at all his flat bloody broke, and then there's a communist revolution brewing in Russia and it's like it's hell and the Nazis came along and said: well, not only are we gonna restore order and greatness, but we're gonna bloody. Well, tell you whose fault this is yeah. It's like and Hitler I've studied him a lot trying to understand what happened and Hitler was Carl Jung called him the mouthpiece of the collective unconscious of the German people. So you imagine, there's all this resentment and hatred brewing underneath the surface and all this, this chaos is there and the desire for order is like clamoring in everyone's minds and Hitler comes along and he's he's a very powerful emotional orator and he's watching the crowd and he listens and when he says thing, a nothing happened when he says thing: B everybody roars, and so he takes note of that and it's he had not even conscious exactly right because he's being molded by the crowd, and so they roar and so II think. So that's a reinforcement, that's a reward, and so then he goes down that line a little bit farther and they roar some more and then he tries something else and it's silently what they want. You been exactly that man. He acts out the dark desire of the mob, so he becomes the embodiment of the dark desire of the mob and that's partly that's partly why he had the charisma. It's right, because there's this unconscious fantasy brewing in the back of everyone's minds. You see that to some degree now with anti feh, for example, and their proclivity towards violence. You know, do you ask what just exactly what's going on there while Hitler came to embody the desire of the German people for order and revenge, and he he embodied that fully. You know, and you could say so. What happened was a collaboration between him and the people. It wasn't. Hitler turned everyone into Nazis, it's like! No, that's not how it worked. I'm sure there was a lot of good people still left over, who got just overrun by the mania -. Well, we're disgusted. Well, the other. The other thing, too, is that you know people are not that brave, hmm and everybody thinks this is one of the things I teach in my maps of meeting class. You know it's like okay, you, you look at Nazi Germany in the 30s and you think well, I'd be one of the heroes who rescued the Jews. It's like, statistically, that's very improbable right and one of the things I've learned in the last year with all this strange political. What would you say this strange situation that I've been in is how unlikely it is for people to speak up. They just won't even tenured professors who are tenured they're protected. It's like the probability built they'll pop their head up and say something that might make them identifiable it's very, very low, so he's scary, yeah, I, guess you're right well in that time, and you know Nazi Germany, the stakes were as high as it could get. They didn't tolerate it. That's right! That's exactly right, but even when the stakes are low, people won't think. Okay, do you uh? Well, let's, let's, let's do a 180 here. This is always something I've been interested for something that I've wanted to enrich myself with I. Think a lot of people you're you're, a busy guy. As far as I can tell you do speaking engagement lectures. You operate a YouTube channel, presumably you're a voracious reader. I saw you on the couch. You had a book of it you're like a moment, you're eating and you're prolific tweeter, you tweet a lot. So my question is: how do you monitor? How do you organize your time? How do you remain focused and productive in the face of insurmountable work, lists schedules and I have help I mean my wife in particular, in the last year, has been unbelievably helpful. It's become a full-time job for her really helping me - my schedule and keep me on track, but a lot of it is like I get up in the morning. I have like everything scheduled I know exactly what I'm supposed to do: there's a hierarchy of priority and and I'm really operating on a day-to-day level right now, because there's so many things to do, I can't look more than about a day or two ahead. Although it's it's, it's basically scheduled no, but I learned to discipline myself when I was in graduate school when I was writing. I wrote a book called maps of meaning that was published in 1999 and I worked for that on that for about 15 years about three hours a day and I really sort of grabbed myself by the scruff of the neck and like forced myself to learn how to concentrate without without deviation. How do you do that? I mean well yeah? How do you, how do you focus that intensely, because I I often have trouble like yeah I get overwhelmed, sometimes when, when I have a lot of work and the worst feeling is like when I feel like I, have a ton of work and I do work all day, but I still feel like I didn't get anything done, yeah yeah, but you did I'm, you probably did pro. Are you a conscientious person? Do you know I, don't even know, okay? Well, okay! So that's another thing we could mention briefly. I have a website called understand myself, calm and I set up a coupon code for your viewers, oh yeah, so it's h3 h3, oh, what's it say or the understand myself, calm, okay and you can go there and take a personality test that was devised in my lab. The main researcher was dr. Colin DeYoung, who is now a professor at the University of Minnesota, but we took the standard big five traits the standard, modern personality model. So that's extraversion, which is a positive emotion, dimension and extroverted people are enthusiastic and assertive so you're, both enthusiastic you're really assertive. That would be Mike, I can be yeah yeah. Well, you wouldn't be doing this sort of thing, yeah yeah, so because you know your your your verbally fluent and and you'd like to engage in that sort of thing. So that's a positive emotion to mention its associated with of emotion that you feel when you're moving towards desired things and the next dimension is sometimes it's called neuroticism and sometimes it's called negative emotionality people who are high in neuroticism have some anticipatory anxiety. You know, you know you have anticipatory anxiety if you're worried about going somewhere yeah and it really bugs you and then you get there in like twenty minutes later, you're calm and it's okay, big time, okay, okay! So that's withdrawal! That's that's an aspect of neuroticism known as withdrawal and the other aspect is volatility and volatile people are touchy and irritable huh. So and and that's that's the second dimension, the third dimension is agreeableness and agreeable people are compassionate and polite and disagreeable people are competitive and blunt, and so women are higher in agreeableness than men. So if you take a random man and a random woman out of the population, general population- and you bet on who is more agreeable, if you bet on the woman you'd be right. 60 percent of the time and the other place where men and women differ is with trait neuroticism. Women are more susceptible to anxiety and depression. So how can you say that if genders don't exist, accused of is that biological essentialism yeah, but what I feel like I experiencing those different feelings, depending on the day? You know sometimes our more extroverted some days are more reclusive. You know, there's a general, that's probably volatility -. It's like variation in mood, yeah, yeah yeah. So have you ever had periods of depression yeah? How long all right, you don't have to tell me I, could tell you it's okay in college I'd say a couple years: oh yeah, okay! So that's a long time! Well, so that would be an indication. Well, it could be an indication of many things, but that's often associated with higher levels of trait neuroticism, because you see it isn't obvious how much negative emotion you should feel like. Let's say you wake up in the morning and you have an ache in your side. It's like well is that nothing or cancer. Well, you don't know like you shouldn't jump to the whole cancer conclusion right, but but you can't tell like not necessarily- and you think well, if it is cancer and you miss it. Well, that's not so good yeah, you know so sometimes there's some utility and being on edge all the time, especially in a dangerous environment, yeah, okay. So the next dimension is conscientiousness and conscientious people are industrious and so they're guilty. If they're not working, they have to work. Yeah I have that you're like that yeah you brood. Oh, it's awful I hate it yeah, because I'm very self, aware of it like I, feel like I, can never relax right. I feel like I, never got anything done right. Okay, so we figured out why that is okay. The reason is: is you're conscientious, so that that's associated often with well feelings of shame or guilt. If you haven't got what you should have got done and then, if you're also high a negative emotion, then you worry about that. So you know so that's that that can be rough and so in the last dimension is openness and openness is basically interest in ideas and creativity essentially, and so, if you take this test at understand myself calm, it will tell you where you are in relationship to 10,000 other people on those dimensions and it's useful for cut we're gonna make a couples version of it, so that you'll get it. We haven't gotten up yet so you'll have a report saying well, you know, you're, really orderly and you're. Not and so you're gonna have tension in your relationship, because the orderly person is always going to be annoyed by your disorderliness and end up cleaning up after you all the time and so you're gonna have to be aware of that, because that's gonna be, and you know, you're open and your partner isn't well. You're gonna want to go to plays and movies and read books and discuss ideas and they're not going to be interested in that at all, and you know you kind of think of those as opinions, but they're really deeply rooted. No, it sounds old. Are we doomed to just possess these characteristics that we hate about ourselves? Even if we're self aware of it, I, don't know. How do you address these issues of self improvement? Okay, well, people get more conscientious and more and less neurotic and more agreeable as they get older. So you could think about that. Perhaps, as the development of wisdom I also think that you can, you can learn the opposite traits through practicing micro habits. So, for example, in my clinical practice, I've often had introverted people who need to act in an extroverted way in order to say to be successful lawyers because they have to go out and drum up business. They have to meet with people and they can learn the habits of an extroverted person, but they have to learn them from the bottom up. It's not natural to them and if you're not very conscientious, for example, like a schedule, is it learning how to use a schedule and then learning how to stick to it can be really useful, as can making a life plan. I feel like I've, been through that with our YouTube channel and the podcast, because I'm I was usually not in front of the camera and I'm very uncomfortable with it, and so I've learned how to be more extroverted, I. Think yeah. By like being on a video and sheer will of force, yeah yeah. Well, I I've watched a number of your videos and you're clearly more introverted than Ethan. You know and I can see the way I can see it in your body language, because you kind of pull back and you're you're more hesitant to jump into a conversation yeah and but but but you have a fair bit of positive emotion. You smile a lot, and so so that's you know so so that's that might also make it somewhat easier, but my guess is you're far lower and assertiveness than Ethan so see that's interesting. It could be pretty. She could be pretty scariest that Israeli in her yeah, but in public or in private, don't push her yeah. It could be in public uh-huh, yeah yeah. What would be interesting would be MC I want to take the test because my she was like I'm, aware of my flaws I'm aware of the things to drive me crazy, but I'm not really sure how do how to improve it. Right, I, don't know I'm, not maybe that's the problems that I don't know how to instruct myself to to to improve. Well one of the things. Okay, so I have this other program. That's the future authoring program. I mentioned okay. So the way it works is that it first of all asks you to think about your life along six or seven dimensions. Okay, so here's the idea! Imagine you are treating yourself like someone. You were taken care of. You know someone! You love! You were taken care of, hmm! Okay, so you want the best for you whatever. That is, so it's not like magic wishes. It's nothing like that. It's you're taking care of yourself like the responsible person. Okay. So then it asks you right right, a bit three to five years down the road. What do you want your friendship Network to look like? How do you want your intimate relationship to be going or what should it look like? How are you gonna stay educated? How are you gonna handle temptations of drugs and alcohol, you're gonna, keep yourself healthy, mentally and physically. What are your career goals and what are you gonna do with life outside of work No? So if, if you could have what would be good for you just what would that look like okay people? Don't aren't encouraged to take the time to think that through and it really matters that you think it through okay. So then it says: okay, now, you've warmed up right for 20 minutes about what your life could look like in three to five years. If it was going, the way that you wanted it to go so be good, for you be good for you good for your family good for society like it'd, be good. You need a vision. Okay, then. The next step is okay. Now, imagine that you let your weaknesses and character flaws, get the upper hand and like drive you into the ground. What does that look like in five years? So that's like a horrific vision right and so that's a good thing, because now you've got something to run away from, and so, if you're, anxious, having something bad to run away from is really motivating, because you think well, you know, like maybe I should watch what I eat. It's like yeah. Well, I'd, look better! That's that's! Not enough motivation, I'm gonna be fat and really unhealthy and half dead in five years. Okay, that's not so good! You know, and so you can run towards the positive thing and run away from the negative thing, and that meant that increases your motivation and then, in the next part, you're asked to make that into a detailed and articulated plan, and so that can help, like you say, well, you're, not sure what habits to change or or what, what what personality traits to transform. You got to kind of think about that in relationship to what you want. So you know if people come to me for clinical work, the first thing I want to find out is okay. What do you think's wrong like? How are you suffering unnecessarily and but, more importantly, if your life was good, what would that look like? What are we aiming at here right and so, and that's one of the most crucial things that you can ask yourself in life is: what are you aiming at? And here there's two reasons for that. One is your aim narrows the world, and that reduces your anxiety. You know where you stand and where you're going and so that calms you down and reduces your stress helps you focus. The second thing is the positive emotion systems that make you enthusiastic and engaged like people. Think of a reward as what happens with you achieve something, but that's not exactly right, not with human beings. Most of the time we feel reward, when or so, engagement and and and and and and positive, like the positive desire to move forward in life when there's evidence that we're moving towards a valuable goal so we're making progress. It's like yes, we're making progress, there's a real neurochemical, kick that comes along with it. It's the same system that cocaine affects and feta means, and so with rats. For example, you can get rats hooked on cocaine if they're alone, in a cage and they'll self administer cocaine till basically till they die, but if they're are doing rat things with their out buddies like they're, not that interested in cocaine so so, and the reason I'm saying that is because, like a rat who's out with his rat buddies, doing rat things gets enough reward from that. So the drugs aren't that attractive. So part of the reason that people take drugs like cocaine is because they're not doing enough things that are deeply meaningful, you know, and so, but you don't get meaning unless you got a name because your your nervous system is wired to give you a pat on the back when you're making progress towards your aim. Oh so you ought to have a name and like the aim should be high, because otherwise, why bother with it? But it should also be broken down into steps that you have a reasonably high probability of attaining you know with a kid you want to say well you're trying to get your kid to develop you you don't give them an impossible task. You give them a task, that's slightly harder than that which they can already do right, and so there in gay by that maybe they're a little anxious about it, but they master it and they've expanded their domain of competence. It's no game! It's a big deal to do that and that kids love that that that's where you learn in that zone, you know where you're pushing yourself just a little bit beyond where you are, and so one of the things that you can do, that helps, focus you and also control. Your stress is to really really consciously think through and articulate your aims and this program does that for people and I would also say if people are interested in that's also discounted for you guys by the way that you should do a bad job of it and the reason I'm saying that is because you don't want to be perfectionistic about this you're, not gonna, be right. Anyways you're gonna be righter than you are now, because what do you know you take a few steps forward six months from now, you're not gonna, be in the same place, and so your visions gonna change a little bit. So there's no sense getting obsessive about your goal, but it really is worthwhile to understand what it is that you're aiming at people are aiming creatures. That's why we look at each other's eyes right. That's why you have whites in your eyes actually, and so that I can see where they're pointing so I can understand what you're up to so we're aiming creatures. So this is something that I think generally people don't think about stuff like this, and my next question for you is, it seems the more and more in today's society and just societies in the world today, people are more depressed, more anxious, more suicidal than than ever before. Is that a symptom of something unusual going on our society? Is it just people that are more comfortable talking about it now? What what is it? Why are so many people? It's a good question. It's a good question. I I think at least part of it is the complexity of our society. It isn't certain how the future is going to lay itself out, and it isn't certain that what you knew in the past is going to be sufficient for you to move forward into the future. So there's lots of opportunity, but it's very complex and it's not easy to keep up in our world. You know like if you look around the world you might think well, the happiest people are, those were their height. The standard of living is the high. That's actually not the case right and you think okay, but why wouldn't that be the case? It's like you want. What do you want? Malaria and death at 40? Obviously not, but then you think. Okay, what's the price you pay for a high standard of living? Well, that's easy! You virtually always sacrifice the present for the future. You're always working I mean you guys. You know, I mean you know. You've you're, fairly influential and you've got this good thing going but like it could crash at a moment's notice, you better keep your eye on it and and and every day, you're thinking, okay, this has to be done and this has to be done and this has to be done and it's so it pays off. I mean you have a nice studio and and and I would presume, a reasonably comfortable life, but it's not like you're not running on a treadmill to keep that going, and so that's that's security and it's health, but it isn't necessarily happiness and it's certainly not necessarily freedom from anxiety and I would say most people in the modern world weirdly enough have far too much to do. You know to career families and a couple of kids. It's like man, you're you're done that's 60 hours a week of flat out work yeah so, and that can be too much and then I also think because our society is philosophically unstable and that's sort of reflected in this polarization is that people are doubtful about whether their lives have any meaning. For example, you know: what's why bother? What's the use of it? Who cares it's like? What difference? Is it gonna make it a million years? You know and that's life is hard and if you just have a nihilistic viewpoint, then it's easy to be swamped by doubts and and existential angst, and all of that and I know like I. Think that's a mistake because I think that your life, your life, can be very meaningful. It's proportionate to the responsibility that you take on and you can learn that by watching when you're engaged in the world you know and what works to sort of protect you from feelings of isolation and doom. You know, and a lot of the lectures I have on YouTube are about exactly that. So so I think part of it is the complexity of the modern world. Yeah I also can't shake the sneaking suspicion that it has something to do with our diet really. Well. You know. I saw this. We know that obesity is like skyrocket, yeah, okay, so, and probably the reason for that, it's not exactly certain. There might be complicated reasons for it, but certainly one of the reasons is that people eat far too many carbohydrates right. You know. I saw this video from World War two about about and and in in one of the scenes they showed all these men in New York lining up to be inducted, and it's, like you know, 20 blocks of guys with no shirts on standing in line to be inducted. Every single one of them was boned thin. Do you think you think it's the insecurity and the negative feelings that come with being overweight or that no no, no I, think there's something wrong with what we're eating interesting yeah I mean there's more and more evidence that dietary sensitivity, for example, is linked to conditions like schizophrenia. Really. So yes watch out for that bread, y'all well and also to your gut bacteria, turns out what you have a lot of. You have about a hundred times more bacterial cells in your body than human cells, which is really quite a freaky thing to think about. Luckily, they're quite tiny, because otherwise you'd be like a giant amoeba. Yes, no, but the the gut biome produces a lot of neural chemicals, and so it does play an integral role in the regulation of your mood, which is also a very strange thing. I've been following that just the how bacteria is starting to be like play more in human health like probiotics and stuff like this, can regulate your mood mmm, that's so freaky yeah! It is that's for sure. Yeah! Well, and you know one possibility is that. Well, let's say you eat a lot of carbohydrates and sugar okay. So what happens is that you grow bacteria in your gut that I really like carbohydrates and sugar right? Well, so then, you think well, I'm, always having cravings for carbohydrates and sugars. It's like you're having the cravings you think. Well, maybe not maybe what's happened- is that you know, through a Darwinian process. You've encouraged the growth of bacteria that really like sugar and carbohydrates, ain't that saying bacterias messing with people's mood. Maybe yes, and it's also messing with their cravings- that's I mean we're really walking oceans. You know, like we're big creature, I mean we're not big compared to a like. A Douglas fir or the Sun, but like we're pretty big creatures and yeah and we are liquid. Most of us is liquid and you know if you saturate yourself with carbohydrates and sugar, then you you are invaded by the bacteria that live on those things, and so that's not necessarily so good for you. Let me ask you another question here: you're you're, happily married! Yes, you've been married for for a long time, I've known my wife for 47 years well, friends for 47 years, I'll be married for just about 30 yeah Wow. Well, congratulations on that lucky me: yeah! Look not so lucky herb, but lucky me anyways. So people are getting divorced. You know and I feel like people are having a hard time finding each other. Now, when I was dating tinder wasn't it then I mean the internet for smartphones. Wasn't really a thing you made physical connections with people and I feel like people are having a harder time finding each other. It was listening like in Japan people there's like almost no relationships. People aren't having kids. People are they're all like superficial relationships, they're having yeah the situation in Japan is very strange. Very bizarre. No, it's very strange. So what advice can you give to people who are looking to have a strong and meaningful and lasting relationship with someone? Well, the first thing is to decide if that is really what you want. Is that no? Where do you think to say, I? Don't I, don't I want to be single forever. Do you think that's realistic or fair assessment of oneself, um I think that that's for most people, a pathway to insanity yeah. You know the psychoanalysts used to think that, and we all think this way in some ways that you're saying, because you're well put together in your psyche, is well structured right, it's internal somehow inside your head, but and there's some truth in that. But here's a here's a more accurate viewpoint. I think you outsource most of your sanity because it's too complicated and so what you do is your parents raised you to be vaguely acceptable to other people and then you're, surrounded by other people, your whole life and every time you go off the rails a little bit even just a little bit. People signal to you like you make a joke: it's not that funny! And people don't laugh and you think. Oh you know, I should probably rethink my sense of humor a little bit or pay more attention or you tell a rambling story and you notice that everyone's like lost in the distance okay. So if you're civilized enough so that people don't shun you and you have people around you, then they're gonna be always telling you how to not be too insane. Well, if you're alone, you drift you drift right, you know and you'll drift in the direction of your biggest weakness. And so you know there are some people, maybe they're, introverted and disagreeable. There they're not cut out for a lot of social contact, but we're social animals. Man right to the core and it's a sub optimal solution for for the vast majority of people. Hmm I think that people are having a harder time finding like, let's call them more permanent relationships is because it's become increasingly easy to have fleeting casual sexual relationships. I mean tinder is a revolution right. It's a revolution in sexual behavior, and it's certainly not obvious that it's a what is it a social thing? Is it just technology? Is this what people want to be doing, because you think you think too easy yeah in some ways, but it the technology has enabled this fleeting sexual- oh definitely, okay, definitely, and and that's, but we don't want to underestimate how radical a technology that is, especially especially for men I, do feel that deep down to all these people, men and women alike, are always longing for something more meaningful. Well, I think I think that that's generally the case I mean you know. Part of the reason for a relationship is sexual contact. Obviously, well, that's you. You don't necessarily need a relationship for that, but that's not the reason to to be with someone. The reason to be some with someone when there's a lot of them, so one is well kids who have two parents do far better period that readout on that is crystal-clear. It doesn't mean that there aren't many single parents who struggle to do a wonderful job. That's not the same thing, it's an average issue, so you need plus it's a lot of work to have kids. You know you kind of need to divide up the labor, especially in the first year or two. You know, because woman is completely overwhelmed in the first year and she needs somebody around to take care of her while she's taking care of the kid fundamentally or at least that's the way. It looks to me so so there's that you need to stable basis for children and takes them a long time to mature and they need to learn that relationships are trustworthy right. So there's utility and stability there, but then also you kind of want to tangle your life together with someone you know, because you have someone - well, it's like two ropes that are tangled together. It's stronger, especially during times of weakness, and you have two brains instead of one and that actually turns out to be really helpful when things are complicated and and it builds a solidity into your life, Anna Anna and a reality into your life to have someone who's along with you on this very long voyage and so I. Think that deepens your life in a way that isn't really possible with fragmentary relationships as a single person. Definitely and then there's more to it than that. It's like I, think of wrestling there's this scene in the Old Testament, where Jacob wrestles, with an angel he's wrestling with God, actually, which is quite an interesting that's what Israel means right wrestling with God yeah that just blew me away when I learned it. It so does that drew the true people are those who wrestle with God all right yeah. It's not believed exactly it's a whole different thing, man, it's a whole different thing, and so well, it did from from from the work I did in the last couple of months. Looking at this and I looked into it quite deeply, it does mean wrestling essentially and it does derive from that scene in the Old Testament, where Jacob wrestles with God that's when he gets the name Israel and his hip is dislocated right permanently. He has a permanent limp after that, it's no joke, but I think of marriage. The same way like people think well, they lived happily ever after it's like that's not what you want in a marriage. You want someone to come hand with. You know, because you'll learn through that wrestling. You know, like you, learn where you're an idiot and where you should stop being and and vice versa, there's a that's the spiritual aspect of marriage. It's it's the fact that you have to contend with someone under all sorts of circumstances. Theoretically is a what would you say it's a it's a manner of promoting psychological or you could say, spiritual growth and it's genuine. You know that's why marriage is a sacrament in most human communities right, it's it's stamped both by the state and by the sacred authorities, because it's not just a physiological Union. That's what animals do and I mean there's nothing wrong with the physiological Union, but it has to be placed in the context of everything else. A human being is and I do think it's dreadful for people not to have that, and do you think it's it's become harder for people to have meaning full lasting relationships, or has it always been this hard I feel like I thank God that I'm not dating now, because I feel like it must be its. It seems like it's miserable out there right now. Well, yeah, it's a try to meet people. It is hard for, although what you don't P it's easier to meet people, because there's more ways of meeting them right, but the ways of meeting them is are more shallow. My in my clinical practice, I would say that the rise of the internet dating option has actually overall been good for people who are looking for a partner. Now there is some speculation and some evidence that it lowers the transaction price of separation and divorce. You know, because one of the reasons you don't separate or you don't get divorced- is like well you're. Gonna find someone else and if it's easier to find someone else, then perhaps you're more tempted to sever the relationship. So maybe you lose in one place where you gain in the other, but I think there are different kinds of hard that it is. You know it's hard for couples to figure out how to manage two careers. It's hard for women to figure out how to get educated and get their career launched at the same time that they're finding a partner and having kids, because women have this tight frame. You know I mean they've, got to get a lot done by the time, they're mid-30s for sure, and so it's compare it's not much time. You know it's like 15 years, really from the time you're an adult. That's you better get at it. It's not very long right! So I think there are new challenges that have arisen, that weren't there for previous generations, but previous generations had it hard in other ways. That's so true yeah, like example, to understand how to make a relationship work like it's not just magically. You need to kind of put in the work to make it work. It's hard compromise, a lot of times on that. If you live by yourself, you can do everything the way you would want yeah. If you live with someone else, then there's compromises to make. Yes in the long picture, it's better for you! Well, that's, that's it! That's it! There's sacrifices to be made in the short term. You know and I mean people have to the effort. Issue is like well when you're in love with someone you're going to organize your schedule and make them a priority, and you know that's in some ways a fleeting state, although it's not necessarily as fleeting as people, think it is, but whatever it's it's obviously a priority. Then you get married and you know you kind of get accustomed to having each other around and then everything else is more important and the relationship drifts to the bottom and then people get dissatisfied and they start looking for excitement and adventure. Otherwise, well you can't do that. You have to prioritize the relationship like my observation. Clinically has been for a couple to maintain their relationship without it deteriorating. They have to spend 90 minutes a week together talking about their lives about how the house is run about what they've all been doing to keep their stories caught up right. That's not really even that much, but no it's not it's! Not it's not that much yeah, but but and which is a good thing. You can actually do it and then they need to spend at least one time having a date, and two is better. One is necessary. To is better. You can't aim for a lot more than that, because you know life is very big and yeah. If it's gonna be sustainable, it has to be realistic, but they need to make time for each other twice a week and stand talk in like in a non romantic way, just practically about the domestic economy and about everything that's going on and that keeps people tied to each other and updated, and so that's sort of your minimal commitment level. If you don't want things to deteriorate so and and I love the I love hearing, you put these like abstract things until like measurable, tangible things like 90 minutes talking a data, weird stuff, being kind of like scams like five steps to success. Just follow these five steps and you'll make it, but it's actually. This is the first time that I hear actual steps, so you can really take and it makes sense in my head. It would really improve something: simple mm-hm. This is the study of psychology right I mean this is what you and your colleagues do, or is this well part I, don't know any I've never talked to a psychologist. Well, I mean I, I'm, I'm trained psychoanalytically. Well, I did most of that training myself, but also behaviorally and I was technically trained as a cognitive, behavioral psychologist and what they do is they take large problems and break them down into small problems that can be solved and measured and I love it it's great, and it goes back to what you're saying about the complexity of society. I feel like hearing you put these really tant intangible problems or even feelings into something measurable is relieving yeah. You want to break it down into something simple and accomplishable. Like let's say you want to write a book, it's okay! How do? How do you go about writing a book? Well, the first thing you do is decide how much time you can steal of your own and get away with it on a regular basis, and you might think well. I'll wait till I have eight hours of unbroken time and I'll sit down and write. It's like no. You won't, first of all, you're, never gonna have eight hours of unbroken time. That's never going to happen, especially as you get older and take on more responsibilities, and you don't have the discipline for that anyway. So that's not gonna happen. It's like you want to write a book start by stealing half an hour des hmm make it religious sit there for half an hour. Even if you don't write anything, you should be able to get at least a sentence or two out, let's say: you're right, half a paragraph a day. Okay, so then we can do the arithmetic, that's a paragraph for every two days or three paragraphs a week. So let's call that a page well in a year, you've got 50 pages all right. Well, that's not bad! The book yeah you know, and maybe once you've mastered the half an hour. You can extend it to an hour. You know you're, not gonna, get much past 90 minutes, because your time isn't exactly your own. Other people are taking it all the time, especially if you're productive. You have to fight like a junkyard dog to get your own time, but so one of the things you can do is that if you have a name of some sort, you want to break it down to what's necessary in the day and then iterate that and the other thing I tell my clients, for example, is like we also have a bad idea about. What's important in our lives. Think well, this vacation man, this is gonna, be a once-in-a-lifetime trip. It's like! Well, then, who cares it's two weeks out of your life? It's irrelevant! Here's what's relevant, you sit down and you have dinner with your family or your partner every day, all right so we'll do the math on that. That's easy! Let's say it's an hour and a half including cooking time. Let's say it's kind of miserable. You know you're angry in the kitchen, the food isn't that great. When do you read, watches the damn cellphone and the other sort of fumes? That's your dinner! Okay! It's like! Okay! We do the mathematics, so that's ninety minutes a day. So in a week that's seven times so that's seven hours and seven and a half so that's, let's say: 10 hours, 11 hours, okay, 40 hours of a month, 480 hours a year; okay! So that's 12 work weeks right! That's three months, you're spending three months of work weeks being miserable with each other at dinner time. That's a really bad idea! It's a seriously bad idea! It's like fix that you're gonna have to fight about it's like we're, not having that much fun at dinnertime like why not well, I, don't like being in the kitchen. You don't appreciate it or whatever. It is like because there's tension in kitchens man there's no doubt about that. It's like get that right. Those things you do every single day, that repeat: that's your life, man mm-hmm! So when you think well, that's just Monday and that's just day-to-day stuff. It's like! Yes, no matters! Well, all you have to do is the arithmetic. I had a client who was fighting with his kid trying to get him to go to bed. You know and the average adult only spends parent only spends about 20 minutes of one-on-one time with her kid a day. Right, very interesting thing to know it's like okay, so he's spending I said how long does it take you to get your son to go to bed 45 minutes? Is it Pleasant? It's like? No, it's not pleasant for him. It's not pleasant! For me. Let's do the math we'll call it an hour. Seven hours a week, it's 28 hours a month, all right, so we'll call that 30 360 hours a year. It's nine forty hour work weeks, you're spending two and a half months fighting with your son every year. You think you're gonna, like him, you think he's gonna like you, it's like no fix that fix it it's every day, and so it makes your life miserable those things. So you know that's. Another thing is too your life is a repetition of days, and so it's really important to get the days right and then repeat them, and so a schedule can help with that too. It's like okay scheduling the things you have to do so that your life doesn't get worse. Those are responsibilities and then schedule in the things that you would like to do, use the schedule as if it's your friend and not your tyrant, that's really useful and computer schedules are they're great for that yeah. But you got to think this is not my tyrannical father standing in front of me with a big whip. Punishing me every time, I make a mistake. That's not what this schedule is. It's my friend who's saying: let's have a really good day tomorrow and that would be well. We better get the mess out of the way a little bit because it'll just compound and that's not good, but let's throw some things in there that might make life worth living a little bit. So when how do people know if they should talk to a psychiatrist, I college asou aside all thoughts? That's a good one! Okay! Yes, that's a key, but we could be specific about that. Okay, because, let's say someone comes you more about like an ordinary guy, he having trouble he's, not he's not close to killing himself, but he's he's stressed out he's anxious, he's depressed small things, irritated him or to anyone of that right. Well, one of them, I would say is like let's say you have a bunch of memories from your past that are associated with emotional pain and they keep recurring. That's a good example, because what that means is that you have some trauma yeah. Well, we could define that even so, you feel negative emotion when you lay out a desire in the world and it doesn't manifest itself right. So you're disappointed okay. So what does it mean? It means you didn't know how to master that place in time. So maybe you were bullied in high school and it means you didn't know how to socialize with people properly and now you're afraid of people, and so this thoughts are always coming back about how you were bullied in high school and how terrible that was- and it's like. Why are the thoughts coming back, and the reason is: is that the systems that produce anxiety are regarding your inability as a threat, they're saying, there's a threat, there's a threat, there's a threat, you don't know how to deal with people, there's a threat and it's never going to go away because it's an alarm system. It's it's trying to tell you about threats, and so then, what you have to do- and you can do this with the therapist- is to figure out okay. How did all that bullying come about? What, if anything, did I do to make myself vulnerable or what situation made me vulnerable? How should I interpret that and then change my perceptions and actions so that that isn't likely to happen in the future ever again and then that'll go away. Cuz people think the purpose of memory is to represent the past. That's wrong. The purpose of memory is to stop you from doing the same stupid things over and over so yeah. Well, of course, right. Why remember the past, so the future is better. That's why, and so. If you have a lot of things about, if you're living in the past and you're plagued by things, then you're stuck back there in some ways you haven't mind the experience for everything that it could teach you and and your, and so it's it's. When you have a bad experience, your body reacts first and then your emotions react, and then you think about it, but sometimes it never gets past your body or your emotions, it's just it never gets processed past. Then you you're molested as a kid. It's like how the hell are. You gonna think about that when you're a kid your uncle will sexually molest cyou. It's like this person who I'm supposed to trust who's, an adult which I will be at some point, has done this terrible thing that I don't understand that I have to keep secret. You think you're gonna, think about that when you're four, you can't even think about that when you're thirty, so it's like stuck and as a an experience of Terror, it's stuck there and then maybe you know you're 25 or 26 and you're kind of plagued by this. You got to go back and you got to think okay. This is it's a terrible thing, because you need to develop a philosophy of evil to deal with something like that. It's like people are malevolent right, and so are you and that's a rough thing to learn, but you better learn it because you'll be able to orient yourself in the world properly. Then, even though it's terrifying, oh, is there a way for people with trauma like that, but a lot of people can't afford a therapist. It's a luxury yeah. Is it possible for people to work through these things on their own? Well, you know this system that I told you about the future authoring program is part of a package. We built this I'm talking about this because we built this thing precisely for that reason, because we were thinking, my partner is professor at McGill University and a former student of mine who has a he has a engineering degree from MIT and a PhD from Harvard. We've been working on this stuff a long time, so there's a cell past authoring program. That's part of this, and so what it does is ask you to break your life up into six periods epochs and then to write out the most powerful emotional experiences that you had during those times positive or negative, and then, if they're negative, to do a causal analysis, it's like! Okay, you had this bad experience, you're still carrying some weight from that. Why did it happen? While I was four I was little to six-year-olds, were beating me up? It's like you're, not for anymore, the six-year-olds aren't around after you, it's probably not relevant anymore, because it'll ask you that too. You can do an awful lot by writing down what happened to you and thinking it through and it's inexpensive right. It's the program is it's normally. It has a nominal price fundamentally and so there's good evidence that doing that kind of writing can can free you up and it's partly because when I'm like, let's say your uncle bless, you, okay, what does that mean exactly? What does it signify about the nature of humanity and about the nature of the world? Well, it's something unspeakably terrible, so you don't speak of it, and so it's everything it's horror like it's. It's unspeakable horror then you're right about it. It's like! Well, it's I'm! No longer a little kid! Okay, it's not that I'm no longer defenseless! It's not that what people can be malevolent, but everyone isn't that way. It's not that and you trim it down until it's. It's still awful right. It's still a bitter poison pill, but it's a little and pointed instead of a huge and amorphous, and you may find that you can tolerate that. You know because people are pretty damn tough, but you can't tolerate it in its amorphous form, so you you, you specify and analyze and and do a causal and while the analysis is a causal analysis and then that'll free you up it'll free you up from that, because your brain wants to know. You fell in a hole once that wasn't good. Do you know how to walk around that hole now, and if the answer is yes, then the anxiety system says no problem. The hole is still there, but you know how to walk around it. Man, you don't have to worry about the hole anymore so and writing about your past can really help with that and I would also say with that program. You do a bad job, you sketch it out, you do it over multiple days, you and you take, because it also helps to sleep in between periods of writing, because it helps you consolidate what you're, what you're, what you're learning, because your brain has to reorganize. As you read and so I'll tell you a story about this write a client once and she came in and she had been sexually abused by her older brother and she told me this story and I out of a my imagination of what this was I thought of her as like 6 7 years old, something like that, her older brother being like 16 or 17, and you know the whole Horror, Show and I said well. How old were you and she said well, I was 4 and I said: okay, how old was your brother, 6 and I thought she was about 29 and I said: ok, look! We're gonna, we're gonna! Take this memory apart a little bit. It's like you, I told her how I imagined her story when she first told it to me said: look like I thought of you as being this little creature, who was menaced by like an adolescent, an adult you know, and and so you were powerless completely, powerless and and the the adult had intent. But what you're telling me is a story of two very badly supervised children. Mmm said when was the last time you saw a six-year-old, she said well, I know what six-year-olds are like. Okay, think about that? Hmm! Well, okay, so she walked in as the abuse victim of her older brother and she walked out knowing that her brother and her were very badly supervised. Dazz children, it's funny because you think well, the past is fixed. It's over. It's like yes, and no- and she told me in the session. You know that that was a much more tolerable memory. It made it. It put it into perspective. You know, and it also took her out of the victim mode to some degree, because she was no longer. You know cowering four-year-old and six-year-olds a lot bigger than a four-year-old. Make no mistake about it, but a six-year-old is Leia. There's six there you know relatively blameless, yes, well yeah they should be supervised. Dime in a six-year-old can be mean but sure, if they're, if they're engaging in sexual behavior, like you got to think that there's a little bit lacking in terms of parental supervision. You know I mean they'll play doctor and all about, but you kind of got to keep an eye on your kids. Yeah yeah. Do you with your training? Do you just see mental illness everywhere? Do you do you just Dyke? Do you? Can you help just diagnosing people when you're walking around listening getting to know people like well? How was the world, through your lens, well say that that the world's a miraculous place from my perspective and here's why it is almost impossible to find anyone who who okay so imagine there here are the three conditions: you've got a mental illness, you have a physical illness or someone who's close to you has a mental illness or a physical illness. It's like the probability that that's true of you right now is very high, and if it isn't true of you right now in the next 10 years, it's virtually certain and so I see damaged people walking around everywhere and the ones that aren't damaged, live with damaged people, you know, and and but they go to work they do their job. Some of them do heroic things. They work in palliative care. Awards they weren't work in emergency wards. They they work in funeral parlors, you know and they go to their damn job, despite the fact that they're carrying these heavy weights and so I, don't see so much like mental illness everywhere is a miracle that all of this ever works because people have it rough man, you know, and let me tell you a story. This is this is a cool story. This just blew me away so I had this client years ago, and she had been in this hospital called the Douglas Hospital, a very big psychiatric hospital as big as a university, and it was back before the invention of the hospital was established before the invention of drugs to cure or to control, schizophrenia and so on, and there were people left in the Douglas Hospital. That I was there that couldn't have been deinstitutionalized and there were tunnels underneath the hospital linking the buildings together and I took my brother, who wasn't familiar with this sort of thing down into those tunnels one day and I, don't think he ever forgot it. It was like it was like those people were so ruined. They were like photographs by Diane Arbus or by a--. She photographed the dwarfs and all sorts of strange people for years or something by Hieronymus Bosch like it was really extreme. He was really shocked. Anyways. This client had been in the hospital from time to time and she she looked like a street person, and she was so shy that she couldn't come up to you without going like this. She was basically bowing over with her eyes covered as if there was light emanating from you and she couldn't tolerate it, and we were trying to get to not act like that, because people like found it strange and it obviously it made it difficult for her to have any sort of normal human relationships. But that isn't why she came for therapy. So, okay, so I I got to know her a little bit and I was trying to teach her how to not be. You know his stand up a bit and learned how to look people in the eyes and so on, but she didn't have much patience for that and she told me a little bit about her life and she wasn't very bright and she wasn't very attractive and she wasn't very educated and she wasn't very rich um. She had it rough, but it was worse than that. Her dad was dying at home and she had an alcoholic schizophrenic boyfriend who was always like scaring her to death with tales about the devil. It's like. She had a rough life man so, and then she told me why she had actually come and she had been in the Douglass hospital and seen these other people who are even more ruined than her hard hard to believe, and she had this dog that she had at home and she liked to walk the dog and she liked the dog and she thought I could go into the ward and I could take some of these people out who were in there who were worse off than me, and we could go for a walk with the dog, and so she was trying to find someone in the hospital who would listen. Who would allow her permission to bring these one of these inpatients out and walk them around with her dog? When she told me that story I, just about fell over it's like like? What do you say about something like that? You know she. She had it rough man and she still was able to look outside herself and find someone who was worse and then tried to think of something good to do for them and then to put a fair bit of effort, especially given that she was so damn shy. She didn't even look at you. She'd go to the hospital to try to find permission. Man. They just blew me away. You know, so you know that's partly when I learned that there wasn't much of a relationship between ethics and intelligence, and you never know when you're seeing a good person like you just don't know it was very, very affecting experience. So that's kind of what I see when I look out at the world and it's this is also why I don't like the political polarization now be, especially at the moment, especially on the radical left, because the those people they strike me is so ungrateful. It's like they don't understand that the world isn't being run by mighty tyrants, who will rule the patriarchy, but by mostly by people who, like I, haven't I I've dealt with very high, achieving people in my life because and and people on the other end of the spectrum as well, because I've done business, consulting and work with lawyers to help them improve the productivity of their practicing people who are really performing highly and you get to know them and you find out. Well, you know their their father has Alzheimer's disease and they have a son with a serious mental illness and their wife has just had a hip replacement in his chronic pain. And it's like that's your patriarchy for you right there. You know- and you got to be grateful- that all these damaged people are going out. There and I have another story about this. This guy his a line worker for a power company and he had a bad accident and really hurt him, and he was working with a friend of his who had Parkinson's and like they were both hurt enough. So they couldn't do their job singly, but they would climb up the poles together and one of them could do what the other one couldn't, and so they could work. It's like free, that's you're, going out there. It's that's a rough job in Canada, it's bloody cold up there you know, and despite the fact that they were half wound, you know they went to work and they kept the damn power on yeah and it's like that's what I see when I look at the world so well on that Rell. On that inspiring note that was uplifting. I, don't like I want to keep you here too long. I'd want to end on a nice note, but I'll ask you one more question sure I thought it was interesting, so I'm something one of the fans had posted. What's one piece of advice that you would have given your 16 year old self, hmm, what's one piece of advice: I was something you've learned in adulthood that you wish you could translate to someone coming through adolescence to adulthood, don't be so high and mighty that you don't take advantage of the humble opportunities that are granted to you when I look back, I didn't like school at all, you might say: I hated. It and I thought a lot about that. You know because I thought. Well, there were reasons you know. I was a very fast reader. I could get through the books that were given to us an English class generally in the first day, and that wasn't really appreciated. I would say, but there were things and I was bored a lot as a teenager and and got into a reasonable amount of trouble, not an unreasonable amount. But but then you know there were sports teams and there were attempts to organize plays, and there were things that I didn't do that I could have. That would have made my life better, but I was too cynical, maybe to take full advantage of them and like I did work when I was a kid. I worked in restaurants as a dishwasher, short-order cook. That sort of thing that was a really good decision. I think my fondest memories in somewhat ways of my adolescence are memories of working in the restaurant, but don't like life is very difficult and and in order to thrive with this difficult life, if an opportunity is presented to you, be you shouldn't be so arrogant that you dismiss it mm-hmm and it's really easy to be arrogant as a teenager, especially if you're smart, because you think well I'm smarter than everybody else. It's like actually, no there's lots of people that are a lot smarter than you. You just haven't, met them yet and and you're not as smart as you think you are besides, and other people aren't as dumb as you think they are either different kinds of there certainly is yes and wise beats smart, so I would say if you're 16 and your life isn't so happy. It's like look around and see if there are opportunities that people are granting you even imperfect opportunities, because they're going to be imperfect, that you could exploit, let's say in the her way and and learn and grow I. Had this teacher ADA Paul she's dead, now I really liked her in great forward. She was an organist at the church and when I was 14 15, she offered to teach me how to play the organ, and it was a big organ. You know and I for a variety of reasons, wasn't really that into the idea and so I kind of went and then a couple of times, I skipped it and it just sort of fell apart. You know and which was pretty rude of me, obviously, because she went out of her way to offer this and, like that's a good example because, like it wasn't cool to play the organ, it wasn't cool to do any I, don't know what it was like when you grew up when I grew up, it wasn't cool to do anything. Yeah yeah so like doing anything, wasn't cool right, it's like well! Wouldn't it be so bad to learn to play the organ yeah you know so to learn from from you know someone with more experience than you yeah yeah. Well, it was actually someone who cared for me somewhat and who was really a great person. She was a great teacher like I, really like deta Paul. She was and I beat I betrayed her trust. You know it's like that. Wasn't very bright I think we all have memories like oh yeah, yeah, yeah, but I. Think I think that advice is good too even young adults even to adults really to pause and appreciate the opportunities and the doors that are always open to them. Well, here are the experiences they're always available. Here's an idea, yeah, so life is brutal and what you have to set against that is possibility, and you might say well, life is so brutal. It you have to utilize all the possibility. That comes your way. You know so an opportunity manifests itself and you turn it down. You ignore it. You let drift away. It's like that's one thing that you had against the horror of existence that you let go of you. Let go of ten of those things, man you're on the street right yeah, it's no fun there and it doesn't get better, and so there is a possibility that if you utilized all the possibility that was offered to you that your life would be straight and clean and engage and acceptable and positive and that's worth finding out. If that's the case, because it might be true well I think that's wonderful advice be adventurous. Take a shot! I, don't know! If there's this one thing that our fans love, sometimes it's so ridiculous. We ask all of our guests if they have a ghost stories. Supernatural experiences, UFO sightings, anything like that. You don't need to get to the end. If you don't, you can say no, that's perfectly fine, but do you have any supernatural experiences? Mmm you do all right am I sharing it. I have to figure out which I'll show you the one. That's funnier, I, think, okay, okay, so I went to Nashville and to a scientific conference and I looked online to to book a hotel booked a hotel and then I went down to Nashville and my former graduate advisor was coming staying in the same hotel, but he didn't come with me and a student of mine who had become a professor, was also coming into town. Okay, so so got to this hotel and I didn't know that Nashville that had been hollowed out like the downtown wasn't good. There are lots of abandoned buildings. It was pretty crime-ridden, not a fun place, they're trying to put it back together, but the hotel that I had rented was sort of in the middle of this, and it was the 70s hotel and so it's kind of in a sketchy neighborhood. So that was interesting, so I walked in, but the lobby was beautiful, like they had completely redone it. There were replicas of like Renaissance paintings on the roof. It was all marble. It was really quite impressive and then right next door to the lobby. There was this huge restaurant that probably sat three four hundred people really big restaurant and I. Looked in the restaurant. There wasn't a single person there and there was this steam table. You know full of stainless steel trays, huge trays and all there was was like mac and cheese and green beans and know what green beans are like if they're like soaking in hot water, for like eight hours, you don't want to eat those things. So that's all there was and I thought that's kind of weird, and there was no people in there. No staff, no people, that's weird so anyways I, checked in and I went up and the rest of the hotel really hadn't been fixed up since the 1970s, so it smelled like smoke. The carpets were old, I went into my room, it was kind of ratty, but it was okay. Put my computer on the bed, put my my luggage on the bed and called my graduate student and went out to have some barbecue. So that's fine! So then I came back and got into my room and my graduate student came along. This was calling the guy who invented that personality test and I walked in and all the drawers in the cabinets were open like so there was a bureau four drawers and four drawers side to side and there was the little table between the beds and there was a desk and all of the drawers were opened and not just a little bit open like completely open, but my computer was still on the bed and so was the luggage and I thought. Well, that's weird: I didn't open those damn drawers and if someone came in here to steal something, why didn't they take the computer? That would be the logical thing to do so. We closed all the drawers and then we thought well maybe, like maybe a big truck went by and like that's a pretty stupid hypothesis, but we couldn't think of anything else. Yeah. We kind of shook the cabinet to see if we could get the door stole and we'd shut, all the drawers and when we turned around the damn drawer on the desk was open again, so we shot that so. Okay, so I had opened. The drawer was open in the middle little cabinet between the beds too, and there was a Gideon Bible in there and it was open and it was open to the line that says ye yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I, will fear no evil and I thought well. That was pretty interesting and close that closed the door and my graduates we talked for a while graduate student left and I thought. I didn't really think much of it. I thought it was weird you know, but but it whatever was weird. So then I went to sleep in the middle of the night. I woke up and I thought. You know that wasn't just weird that was really weird. It was like someone was in my room right because otherwise, why were the drawers open and why were they Oh like what's going on and the Bible is a well and so the next morning I went downstairs to this girl. Black girl, behind the counter and I I walked up and I said, look I, don't want to alarm you, but um I went out last night and when I came back into my room, all the drawers were open. I. Think someone was in my room and she said I, don't alarm you cut. You know this place is haunted and I always come to work with a baseball, bat and I thought it was. It was surreal right and it was. It was uh. It was like a movie moment. It was ridiculous, so um I went and talked to my graduate advisor an older guy who had been in the hotel, and he said that the night before he had taken a shower and when he came out there were two drawers open in his in his room and so he's damned RORO and I'll finish this off with the other weird part of this story, which isn't quite so ghostly but is also extremely weird, and it just gives you a sense of the place. So we went for breakfast the next day and I took two different graduate students for breakfast. We went to this restaurant right next door and there was no one there and there was no same one in the hotel same one. They very fancy green marble like it might have been quite a place back in the nineteen seventy, so we're sitting there and sitting there and sitting there and sitting there for like half an hour. And finally, this waiter walks by and we stop me say well, do you have any menus, he says: well, we don't have been use and I said. Well. What do you mean? You don't have menus. He said you can just order anything. You want yeah, you just order anything. You want okay, so we ordered eggs and breakfast we'll have breakfast. How would that be so then we're sitting there talking and we waited and we waited and we waited and we waited. It was like 45 minutes, fifty minutes there, no one's there. Finally, he comes out with these plates and he puts the plate down in front of me and it's quite nicely garnished and there's two eggs on it and they are I swear. They are raw, they have not been cooked and I looked at him in the plate, and there was the same with the other two people that were there. They gave them eggs that would had just been put on the plate. I said well, cracked broke right on it, wasn't like they were undercooked. They weren't they just some clear on the top. They were raw right but nicely decorated. Sure I thought. So we called him back or he said you know these eggs are raw, they're, not cooked. It's like what's going on. He said: oh, oh, we'll fix that so any window off into the kitchen, and it was like 20 minutes later and he brought it back and they were cooked. Okay, so we've been in there for like two hours by that point, late for the conference and I was laughing to my to my students. I said well the only thing that could possibly top that off as if it was ridiculously expensive. He brought the bill. It was like eighty three dollars: well yeah, so what was he a ghost? I don't know? Well he wasn't that Raider. That's for sure. Certainly wasn't a cook that was, that was a good ghost story. They that was yeah the outside confirmation, yeah yeah of it being a haunting. Yes, is doing one for me because not only did the woman behind the counter freak out like she was really freaked out when I told her that you know like her eyes, go by the way when she's like oh yeah, yeah, your room is hot. Oh it just made me I was it was so surreal it just made me laugh. Was it the first paranormal experience and how did you feel going back? Do you spend presumably anymore nice laughs? It didn't bother me they're. Just drawer opening, well they're, not like rape in the sleep go yeah funny. You never know how you're gonna respond to something like that. You know and you don't respond, how you think you will, and so so, but it didn't bother me I figured if they didn't steal my computer and they didn't the first night. I was probably okay. It's kind of stupid right, cuz, you've seen it's like drawers, you'd. Think you tell that story to someone you'd think. If that's a real story, you left that hotel right, you were smart, you packed up, got the hell out there. He went to a real hotel, but I didn't I, just stayed there and the doors didn't open again or anything, but so yeah. That's my girl. That's in that that was in Nashville, yes good, like oh yeah! Well, I've never had a paranormal experience like that, so I'm living vicariously through I guess it was. It was well. It was funny because it wasn't frightening, but it was really comical and bizarre right, and so that was I can't I just I'll. Never get that woman's response out of my mind, because I just I had no I wouldn't have I would have bet $10,000 against that she said Oh, sir, you know we'll check it out. The security will check it out right right, but no, no, no, she was like, maybe was hurt, maybe is hurt. Maybe maybe she meant like a flapping bat or something right, but well it was ridiculous. I'll hit the ghost with the bat that'll fix him. Yeah yeah, like you, said it's interesting and she still goes to work. Yeah right life is tough. Think it's haunted by you find a new job, don't bring a bat yeah. You know alright bring a Bible funny. Well, thanks for joining a pleasure, yeah and I hope you guys enjoyed the ride. Oh did you? Would you like to talk about the program in the book one more time, okay, I can tell you two things is I have a new book coming out in January, it's called 12 rules for life, an antidote to chaos, and you know you mentioned earlier that one of the things you liked about our conversation was the way that the abstract ideas were sort of made concrete yeah. Well, that's what I've tried to do in this book is to say: well here's some principles you can follow. That would be that will make your life better and then I say philosophically why the principles are important, but also make them into something really practical and focal. So that's what the books about it's called an antidote to chaos, because you will order your life with moral principles, and one of them is like treat yourself as if you're someone that you're trying to help hmm and another one is don't let your children do anything that makes you dislike them. Mm-Hmm, which is it's really good advice for parents, because you actually don't have to dislike your children. You know kids just be terrible, just your kids! It denotes that far the same point of unconditional love and hating, your kids well like siblings, can tear each other apart settings yeah, but parents too man like there's, there's people, especially if you're a psychologist. You see people from yeah and Families man, their alcoholic, they're, cruel, they're, abusive, they're, they're dismissive. They like people can be really really hard on their heads. They don't encourage them, they compete with them. They replace their husband with their son like it's all. This is all the good stuff yeah, and so you know you and because you have the potential to be a monster, you don't want to put your children in harm's way. You want to help them behave so that you actually really like having them around and then other people will like having them around too. That's good. It's good so again, boiling down these kind of intangible thoughts, feelings into concrete, yeah, yeah and then so that book is coming out. It's coming out in January yeah, then you have okay in pre-order yeah and then the other one is the website. Yeah I have well I, have a YouTube channel, which is videos, and it's got about 250 lectures on it or talks of various sorts and I've got about 500 thousand subscribers. Now so that's been coming along nicely and wait like we talked before we started. It's amazing for the kind of content, yeah serious content, long to go. It's amazing that people are watching it yeah. You know, I started this series a while back, which is now thirteen thirteen episodes so to speak on the psychological significance of the biblical stories and that's been ridicu popular strangely enough, like I've, been renting a theater in Toronto and it sells out which is, and it's full of men. Hmm, it's like men, don't man don't go to church like this? Isn't Church, you know, but it's really it's weird, but it's again it's it's associated with this message of while two things is like three, let's say aim at the highest good that you can conceive of that's what you should be doing with your life. So that's what Geppetto does in the movie Pinocchio. You know when he looks on a star. He wishes that his son can transform into a real human being. Is he he lifts his eyes up above the horizon and looks to the highest thing he can conceive of? And so that's what that represents. That's what you should do with your life and you should work to make things better and you should try not to lie and- and you should accept the responsibility for making things better, and so that's basically what I've been lecturing about. You know much more broadly and deeply than that, but that's a hugely resonating message with young people. It's so cool, well, I! Think it's it's a bit of a unfortunate that the rep you get is just this anti social justice warrior anti-feminist figure. What I actually see a lot of the stuff you're doing is really helping people and it's way beyond that, so guys out there looking to learn some improve your your situation check out Jordan on YouTube the book it's coming out, yeah and the website one more time. There's two of them. One's called understand myself, calm, yeah and that's where the personality test is. You have to answer a hundred questions. You can do that fifteen minutes or so so it doesn't take a lot of time. The other one is self authoring, and that's where you can write about your past. That's one module! You can write about your faults and your virtues in the present. That's another module and you can make a future plan. That's harder. It takes a fair bit of thinking and the more you think and write the better it works, but I would still say, don't get perfectionistic about it and do it over many days, and it will definitely unless you've got your life planned out and you're really directed and you're. All you know put together, you know where you're headed that's a different thing, but if you're still haunted by your past and unsure about your future and nihilistic and that sort of thing it's like this will help you and it's cheap like it's, it's it's it's way less expensive than therapy. It's way less time-consuming and it's we know it works like we've, we've tested it on several thousand people now and it has a very positive effect cool. So, like guys once again, thank you. Yeah hope you guys had a good time tune in next week. Next Friday with our guest, he was gonna, be our guest I'm gonna interview her. You got to try to get a little weird with that see what happens now? Is he gonna find out things about you? He doesn't know I'm putting a problem and I put a private eye on probably the whole thing, maybe actually I. Might that should be my objective right. You could find out what she thinks you could improve there. You go yeah, although she might let you know Becky. Look, please not I get that enough anyway, great time. Thank you see you guys next week.