[Music] welcome one and all to the h3 podcast experience how's that look pretty good a light ex perience. We got super powers over here. This is our [ __ ] experience, I, don't see, Joe Rogan's, podcasts lighting up with a reverb and lightning bolt he'll know I'm good, thank you to quip, Dollar, Shave, Club and fortnight for sponsoring this episode of the HP podcast guys. We started late today because my day so far has been pretty messed up. Oh my god. What happened so having breakfast this morning, you know getting ready for the day and I see shredder on his little bed. Next to the breakfast table, chewing on this weird little blue thing and I'm like what the hell is that what does what a shudder gotten himself into and he's like he's the pickiest eater in the world. He doesn't eat anything, but this little thing. Of course, he'd eat this and I pick it up and what I end up seeing I thought it was like, maybe a piece of detergent or something, but what ended up being was a freaking adderall pill ooh that was like covered in plastic and he was like much like halfway through it, so I'm online. Looking up like what is this I'm like it's adderall who-who, the hell left adderall on my floor, so I call the vet, the vet says, call poison control, poison controls like well he's a little guy and the amount that he ate pretty much crosses right over the line of being toxic. So they're like you, need to take him to the vet immediately and induce vomiting and shove charcoal down his throat and I'm. Looking at this sweet little guy by the way, shredder who's the light of my life beside the ELA, you know whoops and I'm, like dude, this guy's gonna go through like the craziest day. They're gonna go pump, his frickin stomach, so I get in the car because he seems fine. He just basically ate a bunch of crack was what adderall's so I'm in the car driving on the way to the vet. He seems fine at halfway there. He starts shaking and like crying and he's confused he's like panicked, and it's like apparent that the drug had had started affecting him and I'm and I'm like crying cuz I'm. So frickin scared for my little guy and ILA's out of the country out of the country with her family, it's a anyway. We get to the vet, he's fine. They pumped his stomach. He's fine he's a sweet. Little guy point is sorry I'm late, my little guy almost went though I don't know if I can handle that the government just break you man. Well, he I was talking to Eli about it and she's like if anything happened to shredder I swear to God I I couldn't handle that she's like I couldn't handle I know what I do cuz she's over there taking care of her of her father who's, sick right now, whoo anyway, he's fine yeah, but who walks around with an adderall in their pocket, just free flying just free flying in the pocket. Any small creature that comes across the vet said when he puked they found the the pill was blue and they found all these little blue specks like a ton of the drug in his stomach. She said it's a good thing. You brought him right away, cuz, he puked it out and he I think he would have died. Certainly, if I didn't catch him eating it right away, he would have died crazy so anyway. So that's about that! That's why we're late I, don't know if that was an interesting story, but I'm I was I was very upset, but he's okay now and I'm also I'm the Wizard of loneliness this week, because ela is gone. She is back helping her family and I am truly the Wizard of loneliness shredder was gone with my parents, the other day and I just sitting there. Damn cast loneliness on myself level 99, but anyway, I'm here to entertain, and that is what I shall do. Next Friday is the great and wonderful Bo Burnham, which we are all super excited to meet and chat with him and we're going to talk about his amazing film. That's coming up very excited about that, but we've got a lot to get to. Today. We've got the tanah con con. It took me a while to wrap my head around the tannic on thing. This was like a roller coaster of fraud. The thing about Tanika I've seen a lot of people talking about it. The thing that kind of surprised me most about it, I'm, not a lawyer, I, have dealt with a lot of legal stuff, though, is that I'm like damn like they're off being like yeah I [ __ ] up, but a lot of people aren't acknowledging that it seems to be criminal. Fraud like straight up like the FBI, might want to say what up to her and a couple of weeks from now I want to get into that, but first, let's break the ice, because I've got a clip that might be the best thing. I've ever seen, I'm just gonna pop that up there get the mood set, get the feeling right, ma'am being in the trenches solos a [ __ ], brutal dude. But here we go no sound. Oh there's no sound on this, so this is there's no sound on this right down. No, no! So, basically what you're seeing is, there's a I think they were shoplifting right there shoplifting and they try to escape us a police officer. He brings her to the down. He brings her down they're all kind of doing having a little orgy there at the entrance kind of just hustling around so dude escapes from the police he's running into the storage, the basically the back area where they store all the soda pops. As you can see now, this video is so perfectly like shot and set and the twists and turns in it he's throwing halls at the officer. The officer has a gun pointed at him. What does he do? He arms himself with a bag of halls lost and well I'm, getting ahead of myself by the way these police officer, pants are kind of Gucci is [ __ ] they got nice taping on the leg, it's pretty stylish. How did she escape this? Isn't Canada by the way, if you need to know if this was an America they'd be [, __ ] bleeding dead on the floor, it Canada this girl's just wandering around you know what I mean. There's two officers and she's still wandering around the store anyway he's armed Oh little taser there straight to the floor. Did I miss the bat, though oh yeah, here this [ __ ] arms himself with what does it say: spritz they look like a bag of peanuts or something here you go. If you take one step closer man, I'm gonna hit you with this bag of peanuts. His threats, sadly, did not avail. As the officer was was better armed than him, sadly, so he's pretty much in submission, but nope he got a second wind folks. He's got a second one and his his wife is on the loose and he points to her says back. The [ __ ] off [ __ ], is what he said now: I yeah, that that was a that was a real spill. I've wondered if this video is fake, but that spill is real. Folks, let me tell you that was oh he's got he's, got his knee right on his [ __ ] dick bone. There I think pretty. So the girl has got a she's like you know. Listen the cop just need my boyfriend, the dick he's, probably impotent from now on so she's like I, don't have any much use for this guy, so I'm out of here peace. She tries to sneak out and that's true love. Folks she's, like he's [ __, ] I'm out of here peace, there's the bag of spritz that was thrown at the officer. Those re, those aren't evidence. No Exhibit C dude, this guy man, this officer. This is like a real test for him like how do you stop a meth head in Canada? It's a lot harder to enforce the law. When you don't have a gun. You know if this was America, they would have just executed that guy you'd be done a short video kind of sad because, instead of having like a wonderful, almost three stooge asked video doing joy. It would just be like drugged, homeless. Man was shot dead by Florida me, you know, but instead we've got this wonderful little and it gets better folks. Stay tuned, I love the effort by this officer, though he's like you will not [ __ ] escape me. Meanwhile, back at the ranch, his uh, his wife, having decided to divorce, him is looking for an escape route. She goes to the ceiling desperation, my god now this is like dude, how the hell did they capture this? So perfectly, that's what makes me suspicious of it being fake, like you even get the ass shot in there in the spandex and not saying that's something that interests me just simply stating that it is quite an opportunistic shot. Well, where is she where'd? She go, let's find out having a tussle and then suddenly look who's back. That's right! The girlfriend she's back she's back, ladies and gentlemen, and aren't we so glad that the Canadian police force in this very moment aren't armed and we can enjoy this video the way she pops back up to it's just so beautiful she what dude? They must be drugged out of their mind. Cuz. She just was like shrugs it off like it's nothing, let's get it. Let's get it, let's get it slow. Definitely, let's go to quarter speed on this one. Shall we so, as you can see, she's crawling around the attic space trying to look for an out, and maybe maybe she had second doubts. Maybe she said you know what I do love. Oh, you think she was trying to do like an aerial assault, hey yeah, she's, trying to help out, but not quite not quite there's, tennis balls rolling all over the place. Man. She was just unharmed. Whatever they're on I'll have one please Christ I could use a little invincibility. My life I could barely go up. My stairs in that evening, but be that as it may, she's not wearing shoes either, which I think is interesting to point out. I know she is well she's missing. One shoe. She is missing, one shoe, which is definitely worth pointing out. I, wonder if she's headed on over to the peanut bags to try to defend her boyfriend stuck up on the emo stack up on ammo she's like listen, I, listen, I, don't know the guy I didn't do anything man, yeah, okay and then then then the real, the real mf'er show up and put an end to this rodeo, but wasn't that a thrill wasn't that a thrill? Ladies and gentlemen, truly a gift from Canada and I just really want to reflect one more time on and enjoy the fact that they are armed with Tasers or not live. Maybe they're I don't know, but they ain't shoot them so cheers to that yeah. What a thrill! That's a beautiful thing! Man it's like! Do you see what I'm saying, though, it's almost so perfectly arranged right that it that I'm very I am so much a suspicion, but the way they eat [ __ ]? You really can't fake that right like like. How do you fake that? That's a real spill? How do you fake that she can't she takes back-to-school shopping sales very seriously that face when uh that face when school paper is 50% off me once when school supplies are 50% off. You know, let's see that again, really can't get enough one more for posterity. This is totally me when I see that am/pm has a special on school supplies. This is me watching that all week and still Craig Smith well cheers to them. You know what nobody was hurt. Nobody was murdered. It was a beautiful, oh, it's just every once in a while. You get a video. This is just so so perfect. Alright! Well now that I got that out of the way we should move on to the Tana. Calm now, I know a lot of you guys, probably been following the tannic on thing. I think a lot of people have talked about it by now, so I don't want to get too much into the the nitty gritty honestly what I was trying to do. Cuz I was going through all this information last night and the and the preceding week we just understand like what the hell happened, so I kind of have things bullet pointed I've, got video clips, I got pictures and I and I think there's there's a lot of interesting stuff in here, but, most importantly well, let's start from the beginning. Okay, let's start here I. This is a riveting story. By the way. This whole thing is just absolutely fascinating and I haven't said fascinating in a while and trust me when I say that I mean he's, he fascinating fascinating that up quick. So she so Tana was pissed that VidCon hadn't, given her featured creator badge in previous years, so she won having that. So she decided to start her own convention that was inclusive for everyone. That's what she kept pressing is that it was inclusive for everybody she sold. These VIP passes that said, featured creators on them. It's like, but every person there is a featured creator, featured [ __ ] creator, so it actually said [ __ ] believe that it did. The actual official name is featured [, __ ] create that is so [ __ ] cool, but it's like dude yeah, let's be real, she sold 5,000 tickets and they are all feature craters. Let's be real, there's only one featured creator at tanah con, it's Tana. She wasn't there. Apparently so Tana decides to throw a con to rival VidCon with like 30, to 45 days to plan it all right. So here here's the original invite from the production company called good times which a lot of good info about these boys. But, let's start with this welcome creators we are so thrilled for you to be a part of the first-ever Tanic on good times is a family that celebrates the online community. We are so honored to be hosting this event. We truly believe that each of you here is equip are equipped with so many talents and passions to lead a revolution tone it down. Doug you're charging $65 for a VIP ticket, there's not a revolution through the social media world that fosters a vibrant, inclusive and world changing environment. I hate this whole sentiment of like everybody's, a featured [, __, ] creator, you're, all YouTube superstars. There. It's actually really exploitive, because you know every kid. These days wants more than anything to be a youtuber at Micon everybody is a featured [, __ ] creator for $65. This event is pioneering the change that we are community wish to see in this industry. Oh yeah. We definitely need more, more tan icons. We strive to make this a community where everybody feels seen heard, understood and, most importantly included. Don't they understand it in a world where everybody's included? It's like? You don't exist Tanna when everybody's like equal and everyone has the same talents and appeal. It's like you don't exist, it's so disingenuous. Everyone is a featured [, __, ] creator. So with that being said, [ __, ] VidCon [ __ ]. The current CEO is this voice working for you as a cringy, you I mean it's no more engineer than her voice. That's but everyone who created VidCon and if you want to know why Tana Conte became a thing and that's why all the love? This is a great genesis of like a great mission statement. It's so phony dude, it's a phony, [ __ ], ever you're, all featured creators I got to tell you I, you've got probably know so we don't really post videos on h3 anymore, I, just I'm so like well, there's a lot of reasons. Why we're? But one of the big reasons, just like man, I, just I, really just can't watch everything on YouTube. It's just I, don't know man, it's all gotten! So Tana, it's like all Tana people like her so um. Let me see what we got here. What is this I'm? Not sure what this this significant of that one is. What is this Dan? First of all, from Shane's documentaries, a clip of her vlog I think that video was just for some reason: timestamp wrong, just go to the very beginning of that video and it it's a nice little summary of her permission statement all of the people and all of the unwanted people should host a little meet-and-greet in Anaheim California on the same days as VidCon I'd love. To do it. I would love to charge you all $65 to come to this rebellious little convention of ours, hmm which stick it to them, we'll stick it to those capitalists at VidCon. It gets so good so anyway, she's selling. So what she actually pitches is that most of the tickets are gonna, be free and there's only gonna be a few VIP tickets. What is essentially a free event. People who buy VIP tickets get to skip the line. They get three times worth the ticket price and a goodie bag. So the VIP tickets were $65, so essentially she's saying the goody bags can be worth about 200 bucks, okay, so let's go ahead and look through the goodie bag that the VIP people get and guys really stick around here. So this this was the the most prominent, probably the most valuable item and there what the [ __ ] I paid $20 for a condom. There's an a condom, oh yeah, 75 comes dyslexic, so looks like a it's kind of packaged like a after-dinner mint. You know. What's the best part about them, giving out condoms is that everyone there's 12, that's good, but also imagine actually using this condom and then finding out that it does it's not a real condom when it breaks you know like. Is there a little disclaimer? That's like this is actually after-dinner mint packaging and not meant to conceal something as important as a condom. I wonder how many like unplanned births or or infectious diseases were passed thanks to her tan, a condom by the way. Isn't so good that, like con, the tannic on is just like so good anyway, that was the that was basically the highlight of the good of the $200 goodie bag. Here's a video of a girl unboxing, her goodie bag, I love. It included some broke-ass Gucci princess $0.99 like wristband like okay, it's so sketchy princess. Do you think that any of these little girls spending $65 for your VIP pass can afford Gucci [, __ ], the whole I? Don't even know this is cruelty, free shopping, guy yeah? Clearly it's just a bunch of garbage I mean it's. Essentially they basically put a bunch of [ __ ] in a bag and said: will you throw this out for us so? But it gets good folks here, let's, let's keep going so the day of its pure chaos outside nobody gets into the convention, which turns out to be by the way just a Maria events, room that has a maximum capacity of a thousand and the creators can't even get into the room, because it's so unsafe, because it's so chaotic and uncontrolled outside here. Let me give you a view of basically here. Let's see this doesn't look so yeah, you can see there's just like a winding. It's like the whole parking lot. I mean nobody can get inside. No, it's there's like 4,000 people outside or something like that yeah. So the funny part about basically this is that thousands of people are outside okay and they're supposed to be a VIP ticket line for people who got the VIP ticket to skip in front of the free tickets. But everybody out there who's waiting in line for four to six hours in the blazing heat without any food or water being offered. There's actually footage of ambulance and fire trucks coming and rescuing people from getting heatstroke everybody who's outside is starting to realize they all have a VIP ticket because it was pitched like mostly free and maybe like 300 VIP, for people who really care and want to make sure they meet everyone. So everybody out there they're starting realize has a VIP ticket. They start claiming that there was 20,000 people outside this is the genius that organized the event this [ __, ], 20 or old I. Don't even know what to say about you. Dude I can't really say anything. I honestly can't say anything. But what do you need to say? What really do you need to say? This is the guy that organized this event? What really do you need to say about a guy like this yeah? Well, as Dan affectionately put it the Segway can- and this is just perfect. This is this- is the guy organizing the event this [ __ ] guy, with a scarf like oh yeah, once I put a scarf on everybody's gonna know that this is under control, except you made a huge mistake: you drove a [ __ ] Segway around dude god gee-whiz man. This is a guy in charge, something special about the scarf when it's like 95 degrees outside people are passing out yeah exactly so they start gloating. So it's it's chaos. It's pandemonium outside nobody can get in. People are having heatstroke, you know, and there start Tanna starts tweeting [, __ ], like there's 20,000 people outside we only 5,000 people were to show we're supposed to show up, but there's 20,000 15,000 unregistered guests showed up to the convention and that's why we have to shut it down here. She says that Bela, Bela and I are coming out to talk to everyone. Everything is fine, just fire marshals, stuff, keeping it safe. Maybe I won't do that voice adding a third day or if worst comes to worst I would be down to personally refund anyone who's still upset. No one expected 20,000 people, my love's I love you so she's. Just like no big deal. 20,000 people showed up everyone understands, but the thing is that the police report issued that same day says. There was four thousand four to five thousand people there at max. Four to five thousand people at max, which turns out is the exact number of VIP tickets they sold so literally. The same amount of people showed up as bought tickets and they're trying to paint it like twenty thousand people showed up and that's why we're shutting it down, but the truth is they over so the convention with a 1000 seat capacity to 5,000 people. Here's the police report, because Tana and this production company kept trying to spin this narrative of like so many people show up. That's why we had to shut it down. So here's the actual official police report, Garden Grove police department officers, were sent to Marriott suites hotel to assist hotel staff and security with crowd, control and dispersal of unruly hotel guests from the hotel property. The Tanner Kong Convention was an event hosted by tan account company at the Marriott suites hotel. The organizing group for tenant Kahn was a company called good times. Promotion promotions event was scheduled to have meet and greet sessions between YouTube celebrities and their fans. Their concert, concerts and DJ schedule performed for fans in the bar room, starting at 1:00 or 10:00 a.m. Tana Kahn had sold approximately 4,000 tickets at the time of the event the skip on down the hotel ballroom. Where the event was scheduled could hold a maximum of 1,000 people, the organized planned, the organizers plan, to move the crowd in and out of the venue to allow all attendees the opportunity to participate in that as the crowd moved through the venue they were herded into the lobby after a short time to allow other fans into the ballroom people moved into the lobby where upset and refused to leave, as the crowd grew in the lobby, hotel staff and event security could not gain compliance from the fans. So they're, like overflowing into the hotel lobby, but essentially what's important, is that the police specifically state that there was four to five thousand people there. Approximately 20 officers and several supervisors responded to the scene. Dude wasting the time of, like essentially an entire police force to disperse this absolute mess. The police supervisors on CN estimated the crowd was between four to five thousand social media sites said the crowd was twenty thousand, and this was not accurate. Police officers were made we're able to disperse the crowd after approximately 60 to 90 minutes. So there you go. The exact amount of people showed up as tickets sold, who could have predicted yeah, who would have ever seen that coming? This is the part I want to show this one scene yeah this. This is really important scene here. This is from Shane's documentary what'd. She do a lot of the legwork on this and it's really good, but this is footage they took while they were planning the Vic their con. So here listen to this I haven't said it. Fifty two hundred right now: no capacity [Music], everything god I love that for us, so he's like the hotel is set at a thousand, but I have it set at fifty two hundred and she bears witness to that and says: I love that for us, which is basically conspiracy to commit fraud, but they're straight up just acknowledging that they're over selling the event by four thousand seats. This is the part at the end of Shane's documentary, where he's just like here's, the here's, the raw facts. So here you go so I still had a lot of questions about pretty much everything, so I called Michael Michaels D, the Michael's, the event organizer. Secondly, dude yeah, the Segway kid, the official number of VIP tickets sold was five thousand one hundred the number of free tickets was between two and three hundred. Well, that's inclusivity. Baby. We just think that everybody's a featured [ __ ] creator. As long as you pay me, $65 I'm surprised, 300 people got free tickets, claims that Hannah knew that and that she was lying when she said she might ana still says she didn't. The number of security guards was never 91. I got a hold of the contract and it said that at most there was 25 security guards and I gotta. Put that perspective for most conventions, it's usually 50 guards per 5,000 people. So this was cut in half the amount of money spent on security was sixty thousand dollars. To put that in perspective, the amount of money that VidCon spends on security is 1 million dollars, stings, so I gotta fold it the contract between the Marriott and good times, and the contract stated that there was only going to be one thousand and Michael signed it now, I'm, not Anna and Michael about this, and they both said that. Yes, the contract might have said it thousand, but everybody at Marriott told them that that was just a safe number and that five thousand okay, okay, that's so stupid, there's they literally had a room with a max capacity Dan. You you've worked with like with a lot of venues and stuff. If they tell you oh yeah they're like it's a thousand maximum capacity, but that's just no [ __ ] way. Are you kidding me no way no way in hell? That's real, just also whatever that's kind of a big [, __ ] difference from 1,000, like maybe 1,300, but like yeah I got it over, maybe, but even then, though, they would never. They would, even if they would like turned a blind eye to it. They would never say that because they're liable like that, that's insane its Marriott, it's like huge corporation they're, not gonna, be like oh yeah, 5,000, that's fine! That's the part! It's Marya! It's not some amateur small hotel. They don't give a [ __ ] about Tana. You know like they do. They have events there every day it's this is just routine to them and it's just know: there's no way. That's real I mean this. This is the part that really like your. He is saying the capacity is 1200, even if there was no issues, no drama, no, whatever it wouldn't have worked, there's no way. That's five thousand two people could fit there, there's no way that five thousand people would have had. What is my goal for you? This wasn't gonna work, but I haven't said it fifty two hundred right now. Why should be looking there? Like a mom, you know she's twenty that blew me away: dude she's, twenty! She looks like she's going on her second marriage already why she like coked out like she's like rubbing or knows everything about em, hmm. So anyway, the thing that that really like just actually acts me about this is that Shane Shane did an amazing job on this documentary like showing all this I mean he did not more lunches yeah, but in a way it is also a way for them to save, face and be like we confronted it. We talked about it, but the truth. Is they straight or appear to be committing a fraud? They collected like three hundred and twenty five thousand dollars from these kids. The convention, by the way, completely shut down like nobody got in, and here's a great part nobody's been refunded, nobody's been refunded here check out this press release. Apparently this G, the Segway kid the genius in a contract he signed with this, like startup ticketing company, said that they will not issue refunds any any under any condition and that any refunds would be at have to be handled by them directly. It's a great policy, it's fantastic and in here, if you would will be issuing refunds to make a claim, please go to good times. Dot live, slash, claims and fill out the form anytime before January. Fifth, you should expect a refund within the next 30 days. It's like bro. You got a you gotta jump through hoops and pray that you get a refund, but the worst part is like a lot of people flew they're, booked hotel rooms for this, and these guys pretty much committed like a straight-up criminal fraud. I would not be surprised if the FBI are pleased for it come knock another door in like a couple weeks, so I don't know yeah, there's no way. This is over for them, I, don't think so. They're in deep [, __, ] yep, there's some great little details here too, like the same night that that all went down and the convention was closed and everyone was losing their minds. Look at this. This is her that evening she's a Gucci's princess thanks for your $65 anyway, so Wow. Well, you know what really shocked me: the most mmm cuz they. You know this girl, Bella Thorne, that she's friends with they're, both 20 dude, that's more mind-blowing than even the fraud itself, those girls and I I. Don't know if this comes off rude, it probably might but and they're those girls have a lot of mileage on them. They're like 20, going on 30 like holy [, __, ] and I'm, not saying that like Bella Thorne, isn't attractive I'm just saying she needs her oil changed at this point. I just went ears old. Alright, she looks good. She looks good. It just looks like she's what she just washed out of the seat. Tanna I, don't know, I just shocked that she's 20 I'm not saying they're they're, you know ugly or anything just goddamn. Well, it explains a lot about all of this and I believe the the Michael kid, the the Segway kid he's, also 20 or maybe 21 what happened? It's a bunch of children yeah what happens when a bunch of 20 year old pseudo celebrities try to organize a convention here it is you get a little fraud, a little unplanned pregnancy, a couple of STDs. Have you ever had a condom break on you? Dan I have actually yeah. That's that's a scary. It's a bad feeling! Oh yeah, a lot of people are gonna, be busting through those did breaking through a con is one of the worst things ever I. Remember the first time I had sex what the condom broke. The first time, the very first [ __ ] you're, like oh [, __ ], you're like this, is a good condom like this is a really good condom. Damn what's this brand again, damn baby? What's this brand? Oh, it's a tannic on brand, like oh [, __ ], oh [, __ ]! Do you have to plan B it I flying beat it yeah. Have you planned beat it the time the condom broke, that that was the one time yeah tan tekonsha probably have included a little plan being her good impact and I need a plan B for this convention. Her parents needed Plan B. If I'm being honest yikes so anyway turns out the con and tan akan as quite a double meaning in this casing, as both a convention and a literal con, so I have a couple of bonus clips for you guys. It's there's really nothing to say, but I felt stupid even talking about it. Honestly, it's it's fascinating in that it was such a train wreck in, like presumably they put this event together, almost without even a thought to what would actually happen. The day of you know what I mean like yeah. It's been so irresponsible that I sent five thousand [ __ ] people and almost did not even hat like they thought as long as I booked the room. It's like you know. If you build it, they will come. That was a movie. You need, you need another audience out there. Yeah I, don't know you need anyway. It was just like mind-numbing ly. Insane would not be surprised if we could. We see some jail time for them if I'm being and I'm and I swear to god, I'm being honest or not be surprised. Well, the big thing is this Michael guy, at least according to Shane's documentary he signed on the dotted line for everything yeah, but so he's he's definitely fun. The thing is: I think she that one clip alone proves that she has like a conspiracy to commit fraud. I love that for us that is gonna play in a courtroom. Oh yeah, there's gonna be a judge and a jury watching tannaz. Oh I love that for us and then the judge is gonna, be like you know what I love for you five to ten years, I'm, trying to think of a good plan. Word I'm, trying to you, know what I love for you Tana sixty five months, one month for every dollar for your VIP ticket by the way bonus Oh in my research I found some she's. One is why does she exist? Why is she popular hey guys? It's Tana, you know what's so stupid about like YouTube like she like they complete, I, know, I haven't ran about YouTube, but I. Don't [, __ ] it I, don't give a [ __ ]. Why is it that YouTube will not even bat an eye at me or idubbbz, or any of my friends that actually have I'm? Not gonna say they have talent. They deserve shows what a [ __ ]. Is it always Tana and people like her, who are actually not only the lowest character but frankly, criminals that get YouTube read. Series like there was a she was featured in this Joey Graceffa dog show is so dumb. The haunted house show God. Have you have you ever seen anything dumber III? Dare you to watch this [ __, ] and yeah in a way YouTube's enabling them to it'd, be like you are stars so they're running ads for Tana I've got this ad a bunch of times because she's premiered in the new season of Joey, Garcia's, [, __, ], shitty house, and it says, do you, love Tana, like YouTube, is actually running ads. Promoting this, this mom I say mom cuz, like I, said it looks like she's going on her second marriage. She looks like a mom that doesn't spend a lot of time with her kids. You know what I mean she looks like a mom who's out at 3 a.m. partying and grandma takes care of the kids. You know I mean. Does she not look like that? Does she not look like this? The odometer is just about to hit a hundred thousand. You know the check engine light is on so anyway, and somehow I'm unendorsed below or like my friends who, who I respect, who make great content, probably the best on YouTube, they're unendorsed, but somehow by anyway, so I'm on her vlog Channel right. This is her trailer bro watch this. This is her trailer watch hunter and I just took some adderall. That's her [ __ ], first message to her fans this 20 year old, with these little girl fans. Her first thing she wants you to know about her is that she just took drugs illegally. I just took adderall could I not say that she's brought she's, probably the one that left it on the floor and two boys and shredders Oh Oh interesting. She got wind that we were doing this today. Preemptive strike, let's give Tana a show on YouTube red called how called how to be damaged goods by the age of 22. Let's, let's give Tana a shot. A reality show on YouTube red called how to poison the minds of the young generation under the guise of family-friendly content. Let's give her a show, let's do it. Oh Oh, but kids like her. Let's give her her shell kids watch her okay she's in I just took adderall and I sprinkled it on Heath ins, Florida poison, his dog, who I lost track of time. How long did that weed it's time for break I? Have one more I have one more clip alright and this clips not that important? Let's go to the break. Alright I got worked up, I need to go cool off guys, we've got a commercial break, and after that we've got a lot to get to including we've got prank calls that somebody did with my voice. Someone made a sound board. My voice, we've got I want to talk about the ksi first Logan Paul fight, so much more ooh see you guys soon, [Music] quip, electric toothbrush legend has it. This toothbrush fell from the sky on the eve of Jesus's birth, Christmas Day, this shot from the sky like a meteorite, but it was not destroyed. Quip is the best toothbrush ever invented by a mortal man, but the toothbrush itself is immortal. Here's what it does. It's electric it's slick, it's handy it vibrates, but it's just a little guy and guess what it only costs you about 25 bucks to get started with an electric toothbrush. You put it in it. Vibrates it cleans your teeth. It's got a nice soft bristle, unlike any other toothbrush, I'm telling you folks, do you listen to the Angels crying they're, not singing they're, crying, because this is a miracle. That's why it's on Oprah's o list. Nobody just gets on Oprah's list, here's what it does it vibrates and it pulls Sates, and it tells you when to switch to the bottom side. It times you you're supposed to brush for three minutes. I bet you! Don't you sick nasty freak? Your mouth stinks not anymore. Brush brush brush vibrates switch brush brush brush all the sudden, you're gone you brushed enough. Your gums are healthy. Your mouth is glowing. Your breath is incredible and those angels that are crying for you right now. They're gonna be crying for the nice smell in your mouth, because, finally, a girl's not gonna have to smell your stinky breath and that makes angels cry enjoy. Quip starts at just $25 if you go to get quip, comm / h3 right now, you'll get your first refill pack for read with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at GE, TQ, uip, calm, /, h3, get quip, calm, / h3 get it so that angels will cry for you tears of joy. You hear that that's the sound of a suave ass, Dollar Shave Club, using dude, walking down the street. Looking clean, he's, radiant he's clean shave. He smells good and everybody who walks by says to themselves I want to suck that guy's dick, that's right, Dollar, Shave, Club, folks, Dollar, Shave Club, delivers everything. You need to look feel and smell your very best. You name it shampoo, conditioner body, wash toothpaste, hair, gel, even a wipe that will leave your tush feeling tingly and clean, and let me tell you folks: when they say tingly, they mean it and I mean that in the best way possible you want your anal hole, tingling I'm, a big fan of their amber and lavender calming body wash this body wash is incredible. Have you ever rolled through a field of lavender? Well, it's thorny, and it's awful and I wouldn't recommend it, but with the soap you get that beautiful smell without you know having to run to roll through a bunch of brush, it smells amazing. It's a beautiful thing. Good luck! Finding a product like that in a store, probably cost you five to six thousand dollars all of dollars. Shed clothes products are made with top-shelf ingredients that won't break your budget. You will feel the difference. Plus shipping is included with your membership and here's a great way to try a Dollar Shave club's product for just five bucks. You can get their daily, essential, starter kit. It comes with the body wash the one wipe trolley, the their amazing butt wipes. That's yeah. We talked about it. The tingling sensation on the anal hole, I, don't want to saying anal or the anus anal holds much sexier than anus folks and, of course, the world-famous shave butter. We got Wu's backstage folks and, of course, the best raises the six blade executive. Oh don't have my suit and tie on, but I've got my executive. Keep the blades coming for just a few more bucks a month and add in shampoo toothpaste or anything else. You need for the bathroom check it all out at dollarshaveclub.com, slash, h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3, guys, give it a shot. It's convenient come straight to your door, it's higher quality than what you find in this store, and it's it's two people gonna want to suck hit me with that music, Dan and people when they pass you on the street are gonna wanna Dan! Oh, no, let's go! That's it! No! That's it way too long. Dude, there's no reason not to join. Get yours at dollarshaveclub.com. Slash h3 today, give it a shot. If you have not played for at night, yet let me ask you this: what the hell are you doing with your life? This game is a phenomenon taking the it's probably I, think I'm, not sure, but it's probably I think it's the most popular game ever made the most active players. There's a hundred and twenty five million players. That's insane! That's like half the continental United States, you guys get on there. You might match up against ninja. You know the world famous eSports gamer, that's taken the world by storm. Here's some gameplay right here! This could be you right now for tonight is a PvP of 100 players, destructible, environment, buildable structures, and you can play with your friends in duo's and squads. They are consistently releasing new content and cool new features every day. That's true! This game is always evolving and being updated. The developers cares so much such a great polished, fun experience of a game there's a reason. It's so popular folks. It's because it's freaking awesome. It's like the best genre, the battle. You know the Battle Royale meets the best developers who have completely polished it they're. Putting so much love and care into it every day, what's not to love and here's the craziest trivia sparked it's free. It's not 2%, free-to-play yeah I know for tonight's constantly. Did you guys know that season 5 is right around the corner? Did you see the rocket that was launched last week? I wonder what that's all about? There's a rocket you better sign up to play, make sure you guys jump in before season. 5 starts on July 12th and it's available on almost every platform: I'm talking, I Oh s, PC Mac, PlayStation, 4, Xbox, one and switch and guys if I can't sing praises anymore about fortnight. It's frickin cross-play, like what game has ever achieved, actual cross play the meaning that, if you're on your PC, you could play with somebody on the PlayStation 4 what click the link in the description, guys to see what the hype is all about play fight fortnight for free, so go to the link in description. Give it a shot. I mean. What do you got to lose play for an hour? See if you like it, if not delete it, it's free! What do you have to lose? Thank you for it and I appreciate you. Let's get back into it. Welcome to the experience. Can I get some lightning bolts, yeah Joe, Rogan, step off [, __ ]. That's right, you think I could take Joe Rogan an arm wrestling match. Do you want a real answer? Does he have lightning bolts, Dan, yes or no? Oh I. As far as I know, no so problem and the same answer as if I can win. Oh I didn't know, lightning was allowed and I did I mean if it is, then you've got it in the bag. No problem, alright, easy. Let's get it here, just like the just like the store. We saw experience that feels good. Just like the clip we saw earlier of these Canadian crackheads falling through the roof. There's another great one that I want to throw up here. This guy Lou, Walsh, okay, you creepy [ __ ] Looney tune. This was a clip I guess it happened several years ago, Lou Walsh from The X Factor I mean we're all talking about. Like me, too, and all this [ __ ] like if you, if you blink, if you blink wrong at a girl, you're gonna, be deposed Ethan answer truthfully. Did you look from the your peripheral vision down her skirt down her low-cut top the camera caught you, your pupils, looking slightly to the left, okay in this world, I, don't know if that's a good example of whatever do you guys give her look at girls through your peripheral vision. Dan, do like this I, don't think any guys already chickie, oh yeah I mean that's. You do that I've! Never I, don't know that I can't say I've ever done. This really you've never come on. You see that girl anyway. I think you already went to sleep. You can you can tell the truth. I mean I I, don't but I'll tell you who does Lou Walsh look at this [ __ ] sicko! This is the same. Show that Ryan Seacrest was a bro. What the [ __ ] is wrong. Did you see his hand, [Applause] [Music], all right, well, she's, clearly disgusted she's not kidding around it, how the hell did nothing come from this like this clipper surfaced recently of him basically and by the way. Why do you have to do it live on television? Is that somehow, like that, the end, the lines, damn theory right, like safest and and in plain sight, yeah? Maybe it's kind of like he's gonna, say something to me. That's like the Seacrest thing to when he approaches Katy Perry. It's like why the [ __ ]! Are you gonna make these creepy comments to her right before you come live cuz almost like this safest time to do it right right because they don't want to you know they're gonna cause a scene by getting upset by it. You know it's there for ya. What is wrong with you like? What is it it's clearly not sexual assess vacation. A really is almost like a power play totally. What's going on for the for the audio listeners, oh well, yeah, oh yeah them both well he's sitting on a couch during the live. Brock is of The X Factor he's got his hand on the co-host ass he's, squeezing it and patting it live on TV she's getting noticeably irritated and she finally says. Basically what are you here? Why have a job like that's a creepy show ever seen by the way. Why is this guy? Look like a [, __, ], baby why's his face. Look like a little child that never aged to just he's like his skin, degenerated like he aged, but he never grew up. That's you, Lou Walsh, Botox, right, probably a lot of children's foreskin. You know they say. Children's foreskin is the most regenerative potent you know cosmetic. You probably they say that actually I'm, not I'm, not kidding. No I swear to God, but I'll. Tell you Lou Walsh. This is a powerful man. He's got a lot of money. He's got the he's got the literal face of a child. He probably has baby foreskin factory. You know how they like a farm silk. This guy farms, foreskin he's, probably got babies on chains and he and they've got super regenitive foreskin they're like a new breed Wow, and they got a super regenitive foreskin that he just snips and rubs. Actually what he rubs is the smegma, not actually the foreskin, but fish magma is the residue and dirt collects when you don't clean inside the foreskin, not a problem I have because I'm Jewish, but he probably does rub - magma all over his [ __ ] face, and that's why he looks like there. That's why it looks like a 50 year old, Gerber, baby I always hated that guy's face yeah. What a piece of [ __, ] and he's like he's doing the groping and then like the moment where she finally reacts he's just like jiggling it it's a man's world, baby yeah. Why does this guy still have a job? That's my question. Cuz I found this clip and it just resurfaced. I was like holy [, __ ]. This is like really bad and I'm. Looking and I'm looking and I'm trying to find any evidence of him being reprimanded for this and there's enison. There's nothing there other than nothing we need to, and we need to go to his home. We need to look in his basement. You know that there's like giant bottles of like milk and these super regenitive foreskin babies, but in his basement he's selling these to chinese patrons they used them as viagra. The Chinese will eat anything to help stimulate their sex, and you know I'm right. Those [, __, ], straight-up, kill endangered species. I know who are baby to help get their dick hard. It doesn't work by the way, but they still kill them all and I'm sure you try it don't knock it till you try it rhino horn. Well, as far as I can tell there's no medical value and ground-up toenails, which is basically what it is, but I love that the Chinese to go on a little tangent. It's like you know that there's viagra right, you don't have to go. [ __ ], kill endangered species anymore and Lou Walsh, it's time to just age with grace and shut down the baby, foreskin factory, this guy pisses me off man, it's pretty gross. Well, when was this. This is like 14, you go yeah yeah some. You know that scarf you seen his vest-pocket, that's his [ __ ] jerk-off rag such a sex up weirdo. He probably goes to the bathroom during the break jerks into his rack, puts it back in his pocket. He probably does weird [ __ ] like makes her smell it without telling her he goes. It falls out of his pocket like oh, can you pick that up for me cuz he gets off and knowing that she touched his [ __ ] rag he's a sicko. It's not me. [ __ ], this guy yeah [ __ ], this guy yeah I guess this was this. Is pre pre Harvey, pretty late, we're in a post, Harvey world and I just saw this video man and I got to tell you. I did not like it. This is the same. Show that like Seacrest Scott and we're in weird trouble over, though right circle around Simon Cowell, yes, Simon Cowell, he is the like. The epicenter Simon Cowell is up to some weird [ __ ]. By the way, baby foreskin is just the beginning with Simon Cowell. It's just the tip of the day, Simon Cowell. What is he do? You know these rich billionaires have the most [ __ ] twisted like fetishes, because, like nothing gets you off at that level of wealth and power, what is Simon Cowell get off on hmm I'd like to know he just beats people to death for sport. You just like grinds up bodies and and then puts them into a sausage tubing and [ __ ] himself with it. That's vulgar. Alright, let's move on, we dissect it I. Think that's accurate, though. Just for the record look at his face. I wouldn't be surprised. If he's shoving, you know body parts of his ass. What else would get along I get him off. Does he react at all during this clip like what? What is his really keen I think he looks disgusted. Oh I, don't know that he saw necessarily right, like I. Don't think he necessarily knows everyone's joking around cuz, they didn't see how creepy was. That's, got to be really frustrating for her. She, it takes a lot of courage to on live TV and be like hold on. Oh okay. Aha yeah [ __, ] yeah and nobody saw what happens. It was hard to be like supportive of her right in that moment, but yeah the couch, don't necessarily see how severe it is. Just god bless her. You know and yeah god bless her. That's all I can say all right, [, __ ]. No, let's move it on she's, a spice girl in my heart she's got a lot of spice. She is a spice girl. It's confirmed, confirmed spice girl there, so we announced a giveaway last week for that. A lot of people submitted songs about Ian the intern. We got a lot of great submissions, but there was a one that really rised above good, oh [, __ ] I have to play it god, damn it can you play it? Yeah actually, I got already. So there was one song that really rised above made by Cage and vacation. It's a beautiful little ditty that expresses my inner feelings on eating the internet. Sometimes he's you know he's there. He tries his best, but god damn it in so god, damn it Cajun kujan I'm, giving you what are you giving them? What is he beautiful s? 9 plus, oh boy? This is the best phone on the market. Folks, and let me tell you what I got a special twist: I got a special little incentive, god, damn it didn't mean you were supposed to pre: oh yeah, damn it it opens this way. Oh there you go. That's all in my bed and you were supposed to coach me on how to open this box, and this is the one that I'm. This is the this. Is it okay? This is yours, comes with my DNA page engagement, Congrats! You can. You comes with my kiss marks in my DNA, so that's going out to the Cajun, Cajun and there's another person. I want to give a warden phone to my favorite phone on the market by the way Samsung has graciously supported us they've, given us what they send us ten of these Dan, and it's not really good. Look at you notice this [ __ ], beautiful, new TV, Samsung's hooking it up and supporting us, which is great because they're, basically my favorite tech company, we're gonna keep giving these away. What is this? Like? A thousand dollar phone give him answer: what's what's the retail value? Let's look at it a lot, so I am gonna. Give away another phone to this. Is this one guy he submitted a prank call that he made with my voice. He called a health food store and he made a sound bored of my voice when I was talking about keto diet and the call is pretty good. It's not like genius, but I love that he created this really specific sound bored of me talking about Cato, and my hope is that by I want to watch with you guys. It's a lot of fun. I want more [, __ ] from you guys, I want sound boards. I want prank calls I want parody, songs, I want everything cool, send it goddammit to podcast at h3h3 productions, comm, we're gonna, show it we're gonna credit you and our favorite ones. Our favorite ones are getting hooked up with my DNA. That's also on a Ness time. Plus you can choose to not have DNA, but I. Think most of you are gonna want some of my baby. Foreskin I am one of the super regenerative babies. Imagine being a baby with super regenerative. Foreskin Dilek escapes the factory. Well, your foreskin keeps [ __ ] growing, like it never stops. Oh wow, you have to cut it like toenails. You have to keep it a monthly bris, it's a monthly breast yeah did you know, and this just occurred to me and I think it's worth sharing, and this is real that in Israel the very religious Jews have when they have braces and please I'm not kidding the rabbis. I know where this is going. They suck the baby's [ __ ] dick they cut the foreskin off and then the rabbi's suck the blood out of his newly fresh [, __ ] dick hygienic and a lot of the times. These nasty old [ __ ] have like herpes and they'll, give the that true. Yes, what these guys are so insane these old religious guys like they tried to outline that that practice in Israel recently, but it didn't pass because they're like listen if I want to suck a baby's dick. Who are you to tell me no I wonder if he's trying to suck the regenitive, for you know, imagine imagine, for a second am putting a baby's bleeding dick in your mouth. Are you not going to imagine that just imagine being that guy? What the [ __ ] man? Oh here it goes here, goes nothing! Imagine the insane! These religious guys, I'm telling you man they're from another planet, entirely these the same kooky [, __, ], there's some Jewish holiday, where they grab a chicken and [ __ ] spin it around over their [ __ ] heads until it like shits everywhere, and it's just spring [ __ ] everywhere, and then, when they're done, they go suck a baby's bleeding dick. These are the fringe. By the way, this is not yeah. Yeah right. This is like they're out there yeah it's basically like the Judaism version of like the what's those lunatics that, like always causing a scene at like. Oh the you know the something Baptist Church yeah bro, yeah Westboro. Let's see them I like to see them square off, saying the insane battle who I think I. Gotta, be frank, I think the Jews in this case win you think so. Well, they got the the vitality from the baby. It's hard to top sucking a baby's bleeding dick. You can't really top that and I and I feel bad, even saying it folks can I call you folks. Anyway, let's play the prank song, so the prank song by our the prank call by sound master Tony go ahead and roll it dance on master Toby. Here we go turn it up. Excuse me can I you help me with something sure. Can you be kind and take the time deposit to help me? What are you showing visually right now, your beautiful face. That's gonna be awkward. What you want, I guess, I, don't know, but I can't just sit here for two minutes. I was just showing them feel like just go wide I like that yeah people have that internalized oppression face okay, I'm gonna play I'm like excuse me can I you help me with something sure. Can you be kind and take the time out of your day to help me? How can I help you I'm gonna? Be fully honest: I, don't I stay in the keto diet? Well, the Akita diet. Is you know it's like? Have you heard of the diet? Yes, okay, so it's gonna be somewhat similar. You have to be in the same pattern of what it is that they need you to do, and then they have their products that you can. That will help you lose weight. This whole thing, I'm, like don't eat fruit just seems fishy to me. Oh maybe I'm wrong, yeah! No back into this. You know it's kind of like you just eat a lot of bacon and and meat. You know nothing else. So, okay for breakfast eat eggs and cheese and bacon deep, fried in coconut oil. She doesn't bet a high she's like yep. That's the diet has been on that diet. I would recommend talking with him, he'll be back in the store on. Do you feel, like people hate fat people, no at the grocery store, they're sugar and [ __ ] everything? Well, there is it's so easy for skinny people like you, I crave and desire Kirstin pizza. Well, is it an issue of self-control? Yes, it is I've always known that about you, fat and skinny at the same time, I'm healthy at 400 pounds well. But if you'd like to talk, you know talk more with John about that diet, you're more than welcome to call back on Friday I used to be fit. Okay. Are you actively still on the decline? Weight-Wise? Are you asking me personally? Yes? Well, yes, going I, don't remember if it goes anywhere, I mean. Is that there's not a climax necessarily, so you guys get the idea. It's not a genius prank call but I love that he sound boarded this Kido thing and caught it. He'll love it I want your guys stuff help me be funnier I'm, not funny. I, don't have the time to make segments you make segments for us. That's what I love genius and, frankly, if you guys have a funny prank call or maybe, if it's not even related to me, necessarily we want to hear it and if it's funny we're gonna use it and we're gonna, give you a freaking phone, not a bad deal. So I looked it up. It's about 950 bucks, whoa, whoa whoa, you can eBay it I won't judge you you're, not gonna, want you, though, once you open it up. Obviously, all right: oh here's, a good one! This is a good one. You guys Tai Lopez friends of the show. Hmm, but I mean. Let's do this. Let's be honest. Well I've, said many, many harsh things about the lad throughout the years, but I just love. This tie. Lopez he's been doing these live streams and he's so cocky about it because he's live he's like yeah I can handle anything. Give me a callin so he's giving these these lessons on real estate and someone calls in and basically calls him out and shuts down. Thai live on stream. Let's enjoy alive. What's up YouTube we're doing a live debate. I'm curious, I'm, actually curious about your real estate job. All right! So give me the formula for a cap rate. Can you define what a cap rate is so real? Let's talk about real estate for a second, let's -, no, no, no, no define the formula cap rate. Do you know what a cap rate is apps he's like immediately trying to deflect and for once this guy really holds him to I, don't know what the [ __ ] it is, but I assume it's probably some elementary thing that if you know anything about real estate, you should know what this is. That's, what I assumed? Absolutely you crediting the channel Dan. This was made by Evan judge. Put together. All right could I say one thing on real estate. Look at his face. You can see the humiliation his eyes are all squinted he's just like Dan all the slickness in the world. Sighs you've got your. Do you understand, Thai that your laptop is on two books about Mark, Twain and economics on the bottom? You really think you want me to believe that you've read all three of those books, time Volume one and two, the autobiography of Mark Twain. Tell me one was Mark Twain born tie and then he goes. Let me tell you about Mark Twain. Let's talk about how it Finn forces yeah, exactly who teaches my real, who teaches my real estate course. John I. Don't know! Oh, so you don't know, I, don't teach. My real estate course I interviewed the top real estate investors that I know real estate. How can you get started? [Music] ty is honestly and as a as a guy, it ties honestly the master of [ __ ] I, don't the [ __ ] I, just Club you. Let me get that out there real quick. He is the master of [ __, ] mm-hmm. That was good man. They held his feet to the fire. They got him good. Yep I want to get him on here. I want to call ty and say. Tell me about Mark Twain. Give me one more fact from the two volumes of Mark Twain's autobiography ty, give me a freakin break. I love, Mark, Twain I, wouldn't read that [ __ ]. But that's just me all right. Let's get to the pudding the pudding pie. We've got a key lime pie. It's fresh, it's ready, I would say. Maybe an American apple pie warm out of the oven good enough to put your dick in it's apple pie, American, Pie, kscypher slogan, pulp now, I will say this I. Actually, like ksi I, don't really have a problem with this, for you guys who don't know logan paul yeah, everyone knows it. Logan Paul's case eyes are really big. He was got big playing Fifa, but he's kind of like the English PewDiePie. In a way he kind of just makes videos about whatever he's very popular and he recently had a boxing match with another person who he won and now there's this whole big thing about ksi boxing Logan Paul, my favorite part about this. It's such a circus, I'm telling you I can't be on YouTube it's. This is what it's devolved into: there's nothing genuine left with very few channels of a genuine left. It's very anyway KS a little brother comedyshortsgamer and the undercard is boxing Logan Paul's little brother Jake Paul. Also a friend of the show, yeah and also friend of show so I, don't I, don't have a problem I actually like those guys, but this whole thing is just such a circus like. Let me show you they haven't fought yet, but here's the the press conference from from the event, actually the volume on Logan Paul Europe, who are you like one minute, you're mr. suicide prevention and now you're mr. sit your ass, [ __ ] sit your ass down, [ __ ], the great white help it's just a white boy from Rio I, don't know what that means. There's a movie called that I, don't I, don't know if I just made some racial implications so strike that from the record. But it's like who are you guys? Look at Logan and Jake Paul like who the [ __ ]? Are you there's nothing genuine about these people they're flying in the wind? They don't know who they are. These are the people that YouTube selects to promote and highlight, and endorse and I, don't know what it is by Nature. It's almost like survival of the fittest on YouTube. It's like you have to be this authentic oil slick that floats in the water to rise to the top. It's very rare, very few exceptions of YouTube channels that actually rise above and find success. That are not this [Music] and let me let me say this so I'll just I'll keep this running, because I really don't actually even care. What they're saying it's so obvious that they're, like pretending, the all right I, want to even be surprised, if I'm being honest, if these guys talked regularly on the phone hundred person just colluding, you know to make this the biggest event ever because their whole thing is like this is gonna, be McGregor. Versa may feels bigger, that's how they're presenting it. This is crazier. I bet you. These guys talk on the phone and they just jerk off about how much money they're gonna, make and on one hand, I have to respect the brilliance of like doing a boxing match. I think it is somewhat of a brilliant move, but it's like Logan you're, not like who the [ __ ]. Are you dude? Are you the lovable child entertainer? Who cares about suicide prevention, or are you a [, __, ] I, don't even know what he looks like he looks like he looks like a door-to-door salesman, who's going bald at an early age yeah. You know- and this is this is the moment they live for, where everybody's rushing onstage, you can't believe it. Oh, the tensions are high. These two guys are gonna, kill each other. They really truly genuinely hate each other. There I mean, while, like fast forward to this morning at 8 a.m. they're both on this. Unlike the toilet, amen, it's gonna be great. Just we've got it really get the high energy. We got to rush each other, it's gonna be cool. Everyone's gonna get freaked out. You won't play smash tonight, they're, like best friends, I, don't know this whole thing is so transparent, who'd, you uh. Would you box the food I box, like you know, because this whole thing with, like you know, where's Bob, each other who's, your matches, I would box, I would box, and what's this there's this toy channel with this little kid, it's really popular. What's a toy channel like little kid? No there's really popular one toy channel YouTube, it's a kid I imagine most of them are right, maybe not actually it's like Jay's toys or some [ __ ]. Everybody knows what I'm talking about anyway. There's this toy child. They get like 300 million views a month. That's just a little eight-year-old kid. I would [ __ ] beat this [ __ ] for all the toys. Baby, I can't beat up anybody and I fully acknowledge that you know what I mean. I am I, wonder I, wonder how I we're doing a fight like today, like as an adult I, don't know I get. My ass beat probably you're gonna fight growing up yeah, but it's like you're a kid you're. Like me, you know resilient I, don't know yeah I beat the [ __ ] of a kid I mean most definitely fries shove. It up I think I could take Jimmy Lee, oh I'll pay for that. What do you mean Roy? Somebody just said: Roy in our chat, Roy ela said Sheila said Roy. What are you doing up who's Roy, HeLa, ILA's, watch. I think this is the the toy Channel Roy toy Roy. It's not Roy she's help. He was trying to set up this match between me and Mae. He was doing work for me. It was a chant for staying up. It was so late. Orion, Ryan's toy review, Ryan's toy review, Brian I am coming for you and I am [ __ ] pissed, it's going down um. What's an adult I could take Danny DeVito Jimmy is a he for sure. I feel like I could take people Herman, but he's a little crazy he's old, though he's Wiley I, don't think he's wild he's wild I, don't think, there's not there's not. Many of us feels bad, but you actually gave me the clue: I type Roy's toys and it's Ryan, so he'll your are on top of it tonight God who yeah anyway. Let's focus enough about me. Cigarette I'm gonna come out I'm gonna. Do this whole bit making fun of the Japanese the suicide forest and and rush me notice when he'd then, when they rush each other by the way that he never actually throws a punch they just like collide and then everyone charges in to do like this iconic like no, they went there, no break it up break it up hold on there's this one where they rush the stage I have to find this. Maybe we missed it ready it's here, it's what the [ __ ]. Is he doing I like it? It was the Nazi salute. You see how you see, okay side charges in but doesn't actually throw yeah great. Thank you looks like what are you intending to do you write of them? What's a [ __ ], you gonna be bald in two years. Logan. Imagine Logan Paul bald in like a Lamborghini like bald, like bald, like not even like bristles, hey, baby I, prefer the horseshoe look honestly, hmm the old monastery, Allah yeah. Imagine Logan Paul balding sitting on a wagon cooking Mead. Like a monk, that's right! It should be in a robe yeah, with a what - with like a you know controlling the horse. That's Logan, Paul, it's a [, __ ] monk anyway, it's just so I, just I'm, sorry I think it's so funny I, don't think! There's anything genuine I, don't think they have. You know and then here's the thing they're, not you. They want to bring 20,000 people into an auditorium. It's like bro. This is going to be guaranteed the least entertaining boxing match. Ever these are two youtubers, not trained professional fighters. Nobody's gonna get knocked out. It's going to go the full distance of the fight because none of them have the capacity or the physical ability to knock each other out. They're gonna get tired after two rounds. There's gonna, it's just gonna, be a bunch of tired, ass dudes, throwing weak-ass punches at each other. It's gonna end in a judge, decision and honestly could go either way because who [ __ ] cares at that point because you paid hundreds of dollars to watch. Essentially, two untrained fighters throw wet noodles at each other, which is basically all they're gonna, be throwing after two rounds. Do you think I mean this is like you pointed out, this is obviously staged. Do you think the fight is gonna, be genuine in any way or is it like wrestling? It's not gonna, be real I think it'll be real because they both want to win sure but I don't think either of them can knock each other out. I, don't I read genuinely don't you know they're doing this twice, there's like another fight date in January, yeah, one, the first ones in the UK, but then they're doing a us one. We should go I, hear you, but I also think a lot of people are gonna. Do that I mean maybe it could be? You know it would be fun. I've been wanting to plan a man on the street segment. Maybe I've been wanting to do something with Joey salads for some reason, where I'd send him like man on the street so or maybe not even Joey cells, but maybe someone we actually respect to go create like a segment. You know and play it on the podcast I mean [, __, ], dude I. Think that's a great idea and Ian you down you're down to go to UK to go watch ksi versus Logan. No, it's in LA I thought no I think well. The first one is in the UK. Okay, oh, that makes sense. I was wondering where they're gonna do it in the UK cuz; okay, that that's Indiana August 25th in the UK second fight is scheduled for February 2019 in an undecided venue in the u.s., probably la close and polish Bailey he's fallen from grace I, don't think he's selling maverick merch his vlogs on getting that many views do about a seven million dollar house. You know the property tax on seven million dollar house I mean you're looking at well, it's one percent. So it's it's that seventy thousand dollars a year every year forever I'm sure that YouTube money will keep rolling in right, I, yeah, probably but like to an extent but I mean when he bought that house. He was at his peak yeah and now we'll look. What he's doing now, I'm sure he's gonna get paid handsomely, but the thing is III haven't watched other people's reaction to this, but hopefully they also don't get taken in with like there's a lot of details of like look when a look when KS I told comedyshortsgamer to chill look at all these details. Oh look what that means. It's all a bunch of [, __, ], [, __ ], look in the crowd by the way, all these kids, all right. I've talked enough about this honestly I'm boring myself, but there was one funny details like wow, they're, they're selling out this arena. It's the biggest sporting arena in Europe, apparently I, read and I was like wow I, wonder: I, wonder how they're the ticket sales are cuz. The fight is coming up pretty soon, so I'm go to the seating plan and I'm like holy [, __ ]. There's a lot of [ __ ] seats, I scroll in here, so these were never opened. These are closed. Hmm, and these are there's a lot of seats available. You know like these. These are quite possibly we're, never opened I. Just looked it up at 21,000 is the capacity of that arena. It doesn't even look like they're at half of that yeah I, don't think so. I mean it's. It isn't that far off next month, I guess yeah I mean you. Don't the ticket sales don't go up right right? What I'm gonna be looking at when I watch that is I want to see the seats I want to see? Well, what usually, what they do? Is they, like they'll, try to fill they'll pack it all in where the cameras can see for sure, like all these, like ringside seem filled, but what is that like 2,000 at most? Probably not even that? Maybe a thousand mm-hmm- that's crazy. Ringside seats man, this fight by Pena and sale. Apparently it's like $600 for ringside nevermind. Sorry, Anne! That's not my budget! Let me see the ticket prices and [ __ ] cares, I mean seriously. Who gives a [ __ ], so I, don't know! That's what I have to say about that. There you go there. It is just like Forrest Gump and that's what I have to say about that yeah, but nobody's clapping. For me, you guys! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. At least one person on YouTube is genuine. Thank you. I deserve that. Last week we spoke about Metamucil, which is what Chris. This is what everyone's been waiting for. Really, oh yeah, it's 30,000 people watching right now really for this for this, so it was recommended to me and I bought it it's kind of expensive by the way it's like 25 bucks for like 300 capsules, and when you get the bottle, it says, take five a day. It's like these huge pills were like Jesus. Okay, I have a day. Yeah I was like damn, but then I was like I'm, not taking five another like a horse. It's like a huge pill of like wheat, like yeah. Of course, it's gonna clean my bowels when I just eat a banana at that point. What rather you'd a banana well anyway, I take two pills, and this is a night where I'm going out to a party and for dinner. I have pizza and I. Have alcohol now for any mortal man any one of us. This would result in an absolute catastrophe. Total wasteland, okay of the anus, an [ __, ] area. Frankly, sometimes I [, __ ]. So disgusting when I have diarrhea it sprays on my thighs and I'm, not gonna lie. Well, sometimes it happens. It's real, sometimes I mean sometimes you blast in Italy. You know hits the side of the of the deflection. I see I just thought. You were like a shotgun blast and it was just yeah why? No it's a buckshot, and sometimes you see you sometimes I'll, be when I have a meal like this wiping as I. Do this way don't [ __, ] hate on me. There were men by the way, Ian fest up he's a front to back what he's a back to front. You know when, when you guys were arguing about it on air, Ian and I were arguing about it back here you know, I got to say to I. I was curious. That night I went home and I tried it your way and I gotta say it's inferior. It's not a fear. You you're not used to it. If I tried it your way, wouldn't respond. I have years decades of experience, wiping it's muscle, memory, Dan yeah! Well, you will, you expect to go home and just a try live live one evening in my [ __ ] and you think that's that's Dan! You you don't know. You're talking about I should give it another shot and fret and frankly, I'm I'm in the middle of something all right. I'm talking about my shotgun diarrhea, so the verdict is still so. You ever have a [, __ ], so nasty like you, wipe and then you're like I, better check my thighs and cheeks just to be safe. Sometimes that's reality for me, and this was one of those meals so I take these pills. I took two of them, not five before I go out because we only have [ __ ] humans garbage disposal. What am I taking five? It's a little ridiculous and I have to say the next morning, I had the [ __ ] just slid out of my [ __ ] with elegance and grace and a supple, a supple glide almost that as if to say hey you know, it's gonna be okay, Wow and and I went to wipe and I wasn't a one wipe there was. It was some, but not a lot. I would say, was a threeway I. Don't necessarily have the courage not to end with a wet one. I ended wet because I mean that's just part of who I am but I was I was shocked. I was absolutely shocked by that first day result I was blown away, but since then I've been taking it every day with my Neil and I have to say, I'm not I'm, still not totally sold, because it's it's all it's a weird thing like it's like greases, your [ __ ]. It like slides out of your [ __ ], like somebody sprayed you know, spent like Pam on your a is like it's just cool. It's great. It's like a not it's like a it's like your anus. It's like your intestines is made of Teflon, it's kind of a strange phenomenon, upfront being on it. It just slides right out. Wow I wasn't curious before, but now that you've explained the Crisco ass, no I swear to God. If you, if you try these, you will experience a difference in bowel movements, so it on the bottle. It says it can take up to seven days for your body to adjust to actually getting fiber for the first time in its life, so I mean I, mean John. I am enjoying it so far and I'm gonna I'm gonna keep reporting back, but it's it's real interesting, but it's a mixed bag. You're saying like if it's not no after that initial. No! No! It's been pretty good, it's good. It hasn't gotten better, because I was like wow I had pizza and alcohol and my [ __ ]. Was this clean but I've had good days and my [ __ ] wasn't better than that. You know what I mean mmm, which is what I was expecting so all wrong. I'll keep I'm gonna, keep taking it like, I mean I, enjoy it. I enjoy having my my [ __ ]. Basically, you know, like I, said, like a slip and slide. Essentially you know the slip into the hides away, but do you know the ones where you hit the end and then you splash up and splash out Gramp got like an alligator's head. It's like that, so I like it, alright I'm gonna have to give it a shot. I'm gonna sell so much of these [ __ ] Metamucil man that where's my sponsor hit us up bear whoever it is to them away. I wrote a song for ela me and my friends wrote a song for Yili since she's gone and I'm Sam's, the Wizard of loneliness as I've previously coined we'll get to that at the end. But let's see I've got the whomp-whomp clip. Let me let me play this really fast. Cuz, I love it so much I mean look I read today about something I. Don't I don't like to talk about politics that much these days, but oh, my god. This is. This is special folks. This is this is special I mean look I read today about a ten year old girl with Down syndrome, who was taken from her mother and put in a cage. I read about a I read of a of a girl with Down syndrome being put in a cage, womp womp she's, so [ __ ] priceless crazy. It's just so bright girl with Down syndrome who was taken from her mother and put in a cage. I read about a yes, that's what he said. Politics is such a [, __ ] show I love it. It's such a circus. This is basically comparable to ksi of our slogan Paul right now, except with like little little kids did you just say: womp womp, you bet your [ __ ] ass, I, won't pump - and that little girl with Down syndrome so unabashed taken from her they put in a cage, I read about it. God bless him. Dan had a funny note about this. He said this is Corey. Lewandowski Lewin down Lewandowski are or, as you might say, Lewin against down skis Oh. How am I not hurt? That's -! That's do good! Well done well done, Corey lewandowski's, it was Trump's 2016 campaign manager until he was replaced by Paul Manafort, who is currently in jail. So this is a roof. This is a winning look at the winners. This is the office you want to hold. Lewin Det Lewin against down skis, refused to apologize for the remark when asked about it on Fox News, whomp-whomp I, just it cracked me up. I was just like: oh, he womp-womp the [ __ ] Down syndrome, baby crazy. It was how cuz this I've got this Jimmy Lee clip I, guess I might throw it on and then I want to play this song for all you guys, I got a song. Please I want you to watch it. So don't go away! This is very important to me and to my friends who wrote it with me and to ela and to shredder who almost died today. Maybe I should just play it. Well, that's gonna. Take us out right. Do we need to say goodbye? No I'm, gonna watch Jimmy Lee, okay. First, it's really not much to say about our old friend. Jimmy Lee is up to some antics that I find pretty funny. What are the numbers that how we doing doing good 20:29 29.5 nice welcome everybody thanks for tuning in god bless. You appreciate you so very much Jimmy Lee, the jersey outlaw he's still at it, he's dangerously funny. You guys remember: Jimmy Lee, probably he's like this. Incredibly racist, abrasive, unfunny, just really a character and the worst way possible. We had him as a guest. It was one of the worst episodes we had him at as a guest and after our first break meet Dan and ela were huddled in the corner. He was outside and we're like good. We can't this can't go on. We have to end them, so he actually gave them the the the cartoon cane off the stage. It's frankly, it's our fault, I think that we should have anticipated that this would have. It was a formative experience for us. We didn't really know what we were doing at the time, but it's fine. It was those early days, but anyway he started hew budding. He doesn't actually have an engaged audience, but this video has 1.2 million views, 94 comments and 900 likes, so he started viewbotting, which I find you know pretty pretty terrific. Let's look at the comments. Jaime you're, my father, I, don't think a YouTube video has ever made me laugh so hard Oh cheers to you literally couldn't finish this one made it halfway and stop to cringe. Well anyway. Let's, let's give you a taste of this viral hit Jesus. Can you mix your [ __ ] audio, all right, so the video starts well that you watch for yourself. The video starts with five seconds of blank, so the video begins with them. Having crowds of people pretending to know who he is, which is a phenomenon I've noticed you know springing in his videos. It's a part of his plan to viewbot. I guess is that he's he's building this great story about himself he's got security guards by the way. Every year he's like my new hit series is hitting spring 2017 spring 2016. It's like man. We are all waiting for that hit big breath, can't wait, [Music] yeah! That's a lot of enthusiasm, you got it for them. Well, what are you? The president you've got like Secret Service with earpieces and [ __ ] I can't watch this I just thought it was funny. I thought it was like damn Jimmy still trying. Anyway, you got to give it up till told Jimmy. Let you know what let's watch a clip. Let me know, let me don't cut them off. Let's see some of this comedy. Most people don't recognize you what else to talk Jimmy this. What happens when your parents beat you up as a kid he's like? Am I right to the guy? So let me every cowboy Brett zoom in zoom in no well you're doing it daily or weekly, and will you quick, quick or did you take your time and draw funny stuff folks funny really all right anyway we're putting our audience in danger. So even we think we've seen enough if you guys want to go through current I, want to say cringe, afterlife, okay, Jimmy, Lee, shot he's a friend of the show he's a great guy, I hope to hear from him soon. I'd love to get him involved in some kind of segment. You know dude Jimmy Lee is a true like like goof spoofer I'm, trying to think of like a wat back. Did we ever settle on a whack-bat name? For us there was the gaff pack yeah I was I, was partial to get thing. I like gas back yeah he's a he's. An original gaff packer, all right, well, I, gotta, say I hope the show was okay. I felt like I was bombing in here, especially the first half you're doing fine, because you start sweating. There's nobody in here to I'm like, oh, my god, you know it's tough without ela and that's why me and my friends we started playing music were called the jokes. Last time either was gone. We started working on this song called gold mine and now that heel is gone, we finalized this. It's a beautiful tribute to ela client, my better half I miss her and I love her. So that being said, this is the world debut of the jokes and guys. I will see you next Friday at the regular time with beau Berman I'm. So excited for that and I hope you enjoyed the show with that being said, play us off [Music], where I can't call your needle that long night feels like years make and be with you between my ears, [Music] without you and I'm, so blue and a goldmine [Music] you so come [Music], [Applause] [Music] without you, unless you're bout a stone's throw a goldmine without you I just want you [Music] sunrise it just me listening. The head goes without company a sunset lights out: it's all fools gold man you're not worth having without you and I'm, so cool and a goldmine [Applause] without you. So come his heart [Music] without you, unless you're bout, a stone's throw without you I just want you [Music] I, tap the vein. The vault is full I had the Midas touch, but it's old fool's gold without you [Music] without you and I'm, so blue [Music], without you so come though, when it's hard [Music] without you, I just want [Music] [Music]. You.