Welcome everybody to a an incredibly special Thanksgiving special I, want to say even of the h3 podcast live every Friday or Tuesday at twitch.tv 4/3 who ruptured today. Our episode is sponsored by video blocks and me undies more on that later, but I want to tell you about our lust rias guests, they've, pretty much been intertwined with our own fates and Hilo. Of course, art. So I was like ok, they've been intertwined with our fate on YouTube since the beginning of time from pranks in the hood. You know to spider-man and Elsa to their later work: Sunset Park, head on over to Brad, Berry Farms and pick yourself a fresh one, because today our guests are mo anything Bradbury and a and I'll tell you what these guys. They came right and you'll see what I see in a moment and I and- and you know the reason for my weird aside- there was that I was so excited to welcome back finally, ela Klein, thank you or she known in some circles, hula kleiner, what a hula kleiner how's it to be back, it's great. It's really really great: I was [ __, ], yeah, I. Think out here with you dude who those solo streams are not easy. Oh my god, it's like you got nothing to play off up. You got no one to talk to I'm out here. I'm dying dance starts talking to me over the mic. I'm like I must be palming. It wasn't easy in Israel, -, I gotta tell everyone who's living in California. You guys live in the utopian world. It's true, um, no humidity, no mosquitoes! No people yelling at you, people just yell. You in Israel, doesn't matter what you're doing this is utopia. Dan I can hear you out the speaker so without further ado, I also just want to say before I bring in the boys that on Tuesday October is the slamming month. We have a ton of great guests this month lined up Tuesday. We have Tai Lopez coming up. So like last time with the Bradbury's we said post your questions for them and I'd like to have that be an ongoing thing. So, head on over to the subreddit reddit.com slash, are slash our issues, reductions and there's a thread there. Stick it to the top questions for ty, Lopez. Well, listen! I! Think we've introduced them enough for for pizza sake. My whole life has led up into this moment. I feel like so damn. Let's, let's bring them in do it. That is your seat. By the way you didn't. This is a podcast. No, can you take care of your brother Spidey come on Doc. This one is Spidey such a troublemaker. You suppose clean up this damn city, guys I'm honored, to have you guys here with us. Oh yeah I mean duh, so we we uh, basically yeah. You got to hold the mic like right up to to your mouth. You got to kiss that yeah yeah. You got to kiss that thing. Ethan. Are you gonna talk? Are you gonna join us in conversation, boys, okay, good, good, I, love it and use your brother right, setting up yeah nice, that's gently and apparently unexpected twist. So thanks for coming guys, yeah. Thank you for having us. What are you guys doing in LA by the way, just filming a couple things? Oh yeah, yeah, YouTube stuff yeah can I can I get a? What do you guys working on or is it top secret stuff it'll be all right. We I like that yeah there prank um I, don't want to call it a prank. It's like a whole bunch of things. Synnex is this social, more of a social experiment and everything put together. Whoa all right, I can't wait to see it well, I! Listen you guys out mean me today you showed up in the goddamn spider-man and this is how I wear my clothes at home dude. You fill that thing and nicely it's really nice, because I have one and doesn't fit me like that. Well, you guys have the high quality [ __ ]. We got like the Amazon, but we have inventory just in case you get ripped or whatever they so I. We got doughnuts because I was gonna. Do a meme I want to be like: hey, hey, Ethan, have a taste of the doughnut, and let me know give me a review of it. Yeah yeah, but where they from cuz you know, um I was talking to the guy and Dunkin Donuts on Hollywood Boulevard, yeah and I was like listen. You know, I'll buy from you guys, but the thing is I, don't know if all the Dunkin Donuts in this country ray alright made the same way so I told them where, where do you guys make You Duncan Owens, he told me in a bakery. I was like that's. Why I think New York um and he just spoke for me. He told me in New, York I think they make them and waited. He said so you're saying not. All doughnuts are slamming yeah we're gonna get a true slamming from you guys, well, I. Think no I gotta know. What's the story with these doughnuts guys, I mean they look good, yeah I, don't know where'd, you guys get it on. This is East Coast, East Coast, don't these are East. Coast goes from where Dunkin Donuts do well here's what I want to do? Here's, what I want to do? Okay, if it sucks, then you just spit it out and you don't give it a review or a spit it up and whatever on the table right. But if it's great then I want the genuine I forget about it. Yeah you try whatever looks good and let me know how does it taste? What do you think feeling it how's that doughnut taste [Applause]? Oh yeah, you know who wrote that it was uh but they're our first episode and we left it there ever since special message. I guess the other. Do you want to do is landing I, don't know, I didn't spit that out to elegantly that's how good what's wrong? You know what's wrong, you know what I never got about the slamming means like if it's so good. Why do you spit it out? We went out. We won a really really affirm. You know two people, the communicating, the goodness of it is because you have the whole doughnut to eat. Just that one bite exactly you spit out. How was there, how was the? What is it slamming? You know, yeah, what's the philosophy behind it like you, take me into that I mean a whole life. We've been eating good food and we just like to call the slamming so you've been doing it for a while, the slamming it's not just doughnuts. It's you know. Whenever we go into restaurant whenever we go into restaurants with our friends uh like um, our friends would look at us weird because they they wouldn't know what's coming like me, and my brother really appreciate food, you know right. We don't take granted yeah and like when we taste like yeah when we taste like food like steak chicken, french fries like we would, we would tell like the people how good it is. You know like we let the world know the chef yeah. That's it simple, that's beautiful! Like did you were you guys surprised by how like how much that slamming mean blew up? It's been hearing, you really don't know. What's gonna take off yeah close kiss that Mike, oh yeah I, said I said you really never know what's gonna take off on then on the internet? So it's just everything, happens in the weirdest way. Yeah, like you, think, something's gonna go um the way you envision and blur those changes. It's a whole new, meme dude, the slamming is one my favorite things. People were legitimately like freaked out in that video funny one you guys made we got another one coming was that anyone like a new leg slamming they? Don't they don't new your honour's they like to like put it so what yeah I mean they don't put effort into it. Yeah, that's exciting! You guys unlisted that video right or am I mistaken. Oh yeah, didn't you guys upload and then you took it down what happened? I? Think! No! It's not private around. This is what happened yeah. It was like a hot name, I think it. It went on now, where main town over is it on our main channel or I, think it went on our main channel and we were like wait. Is it on I mention mm-hmm or is it on all the channel? Now it's on the other channel, yeah I think your wires on the main yeah. No, what happened why we put it on private yeah and then we didn't want the mean to keep going. You didn't, like the mean no I, felt like the longest time. I didn't know what I mean was I'm so new to this mean world yeah I, don't know what it is: okay, but like right now, I'm starting to get it get get what it is embrace. It I mean so you you removed it cuz. You were like you just felt like people were making fun of you guys and it wasn't coming off. Well, yeah, that's! Okay! It's fun! A lot of the things we do is link I got it, but it's meant to be funny, but I guess maybe people were taking it the wrong way. Yeah cuz, I, think I think what people thought was. We were making fun of food and we would spit it out. Oh yeah, so that's why we kind of like yeah. It would be taking the wrong way. Yeah from a lot of people got it. You guys heard these songs like Ethan, trap, berry and all this [ __ ], yeah I heard one of them so good on Soundcloud mix, I notice, you guys have like when you scream slamming, plays you're gonna lose your voice. It requires it yeah I notice, you guys have erased other pranks before or like the one that comes to -, like the kidnapping, one yeah yeah, but there were so many theories about why you guys are raised yeah and I. Think it'd be really interesting to to hear from you guys like what why we delete it. Yeah I was getting a lot of hate, okay, really yeah. What about bad PR is good, PR kind of thing. You don't wear, no, like I'm, so new to this my brother. It's my brother's idea to start this channel. Hmm I! Don't want to do it. I'm gonna be straight out on it's like I'm, just so curious, and so many things I follow my efforts. You know I'm saying so it's it's my brother's idea. I was a gamer before this. Oh really, yes, I would travel to different places and what game I'll call the duty I was playing it competitively. Yeah, oh [, __, ], yeah, that's what other [ __ ]. Are you interested in? If not videos? Oh well, now it's like it's like I'm. Just following my efforts, because one things one things about it, you know so I'm, taking advantage of the momentum, yeah yeah, absolutely I mean you guys have done well with the with a lot of the stuff you made. It's been good and there's gonna be a lot more stuff. We're gonna make and do 10 times, but I hope guys stay tuned, which channel mony tea. Oh just even bigger things we got and I wanna know: I want people to know where they they don't they'll know, don't know it's good I'm, just gonna fall from the sky. You guys are gonna, see. Obviously the truth always comes out, but we rather cuz we're building a couple things we'd rather show. You then tell you, okay, sure, totally so you're and you're, the guy that was in the videos and making pranks and doing all this from the beginning yeah. It was like three years ago. I was always like um, like filming videos from my iphone trolling around right people, I would be pranking. People like I would go and dance in front of them do push-ups, you know, and on I had it I had an idea for YouTube like three years ago, like with two other friends, and we started this YouTube channel called rock TV. Remember yeah. A lot of people know it's by the name: rock TV, yeah they're like yo, it's the oddball when we're walking in the you know, hoods or whatever it wouldn't be, like you know, is the oddball was like no but um. Yeah I had this, and my brother just happened to be like sitting on the couch chilling there and we started uh. We started this channel called Ock TV, where it was basically comedy: skits mm-hmm, not pranks or social experiment, and on and my brother was like yo yet bound to join. You know he told me that yeah I told him you eat - yeah down, so whatever I just go with the flow yeah, he would just always be down for anything and he he said yeah, let's go so was that with Dennis Dennis Dennis does Dennis see TV. It has his own thing yeah, so we always help each other film. With the cameras like we started, we started a week beforehand and like we weren't going viral in our videos, but um you were all working together. Yeah like you could see like the edits, were so good, um and and what we were doing like the trolls or the comedy skits we're so good, like Dennis was like damn. These guys are actually doing it. Let me let me hop on you know from every ever since then one side away together, it's actually crazy that you, you guys and Dennis started at the same time, in both your channels, blue were like pretty predominant channels and um yeah from what I was saying like two months and two months into YouTube. We had this idea of doing I'm the boss's son. You guys seen that video, what is it the boss's son, oh yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, where we would go behind the counter and yell at that yep? What are you saying go to work right? You know, wait a new one like somewhat recently right, like a sequel, I'm, the boss's son yeah. Yes, so I'm, the two kids that were on our channel. They don't want to do it and they wanted the chance to go a different route. We were telling them like trust me like this trust me I know what to do right. I know what people want to see and um they said. Ah, we don't want to do it. No more I was like okay, so me and my brother just continued, and just that one video went viral, which is is sitting on people mmm, the first sitting on people. Now when I was born huh, that was you guys, is first yeah yeah and it got onto worldstar. Was it a hood prank? No, it was just sitting on people out. We went some old set on the tray and [ __ ] yeah. Okay, we sat on people and then that video went made world site and they were like. Oh you know, then we kind of like stepped up the game and did did stuff that nobody would want to do. That's why we went into the yeah and made worldstar every single week. Wow. You guys were so prolific on worldstar yeah. That's basically what gave us a momentum interesting! Do you make? Do you have like an account on worldstar people, just repost it? No people repos, okay, it's a whole nother world I'm, not deep into that world. You guys are when you're doing pranks. You guys ever worry about, like bothering people, or are you just there to make like as good as content as you can um like um say that again you ever worry about, like bothering people or are you just like you know, I'm just here to make a video not killing it I mean the way the way I look at it. I, don't know how he looks at it, but the I look at it as like I'm shocking people's minds. You know- maybe they hadn't had this experience and in such a long time you're helping them you're doing something for them, I'm, helping that's a good way to think about it. So when you sit on someone's lap in the subway you're like help, you may be annoyed right now, but I just gave you a shot of exactly. They need that energy right because it takes like that takes a second someone's like like it's something differently. If someone sat on you yeah, you would start thinking so much right. That's a lot of energy right there, yeah you're, right, I, mean you're right, I would be I would be pissed. My adrenaline would be pumping I would lose a fight to anyone, but maybe someone bigger have you ever yeah I'm about your experience not often, but we had to go to like some brutal neighborhoods to get those and the hoods you want those reaction. Yeah were you asked like it's gotta, be scary, yeah, very nerve-wracking, mm-hmm, it's not a pleasant experience. It gets here. Yeah hi starts beating in you're, helping yourself yeah by the same logic. Yes know it yeah I! Honestly, you feel like it's an adrenaline junkie, bang um like an extreme sport, pranking black people, half half cuz, there's limits, there's limits right, yeah, you know yeah, it gotta be a balance. You can't go too far and, and you can't um- go too low because if you go too highest like there's like so many precautions and if you go too low um, it's corny right yeah for sure. Why is it what what is it about? The hood, the hood yeah going into the hoods yeah that was like to be honest, I, don't know, is just an idea that popped into the head and just like the moment, it's something it's something people weren't willing to do. I would ask my friends yo. Would you go do this? You know pull up someone's and he was like. Are you crazy, yeah and then I was like I told my brother? It was like why don't we go pull up people's kids anyway? Sagging we want to dump them or help them out. You know sighted. You - yeah I, like those videos um years ago, I was later. I was 21. Hmm. What is it like is it? Is it something like I mean? Obviously, there's some racial like perspective to be made there cuz, you guys are going in the hood and you're pranking like I, mean specifically black people right. So what's the like what is what's going on there there's nothing going on there. It's just um the way I look at it is like um I put myself in someone else's shoe and I. Ask myself um like like people, always wonder what will happen whenever people always ask themselves what would happen if you do something in the hood? You know what, and we were the first ones to test that out. Okay, I, don't think we were the first ones, but I think we pioneered like a whole different. There was a whole yeah yeah four months straight I, think it lasted four months or something I. Don't think it was quick thing: I, don't think it was necessarily a racial, because all our videos have different people in them, but for the hoods like we would, we would do the same types of like reactions but with other people, and we wouldn't get the same reaction interesting. You know, I mean maybe we should have added one of those reactions and so people when you're saying you would prank like non black people and they wouldn't they wouldn't their reactions. Weren't. As good ya know. Some of their reactions were. You know some are good yeah, not as good a cop stuff on my job on your joy, yeah, I. Think I think that was on Kobe homeys. Very. Did you prank him um? No, we we pretended like. We broke out a fight with a bunch of people and we screaming loud and then the cops got em all stepped on your face. Yes, that's that's pretty gnarly yeah, so you don't you don't think it's like a it's a racial thing. More of just like a danger thing. You're, you see yourself as doing something dangerous, yeah yeah, something strange about like this thing of like black people, giving the best reactions um, not not just black people yeah, it's a whole bunch, yeah for sure I. Guess, there's other yeah fair enough! I have a question a non sequitur here, for you guys has Soflo ever [ __ ] you guys over and because I know the answer is yes what? When and what was it? No, he never now I'm just kidding I had Joey salads on and he was saying so flow post. My videos on Facebook all the time he doesn't pay me so close so flow was very sweet. Kid you gotta top that he's a he's, a lot of cool, so you guys have no like Sultan. We had good time sometimes were like. Let's bring back the memory, let's go back to cruise crew. Just now is like too busy. So I know he's done some crazy, [, __ ]. He saw him like [ __, ], bras, I, don't know what he does nice book he's doing, weird and what cuz we got him on the podcast yeah and he was like he's just on the level selling bras like importing bras from China for, like 20 cents in strap or anything wow I think I seen something yeah yeah yeah he produces them fits the China people. Yes, it's like garbage right, he's comedy so flow quality. You guys are good friends, man, you guys have his back. That Joe Salas was like [ __ ] that guy no. Actually, she wasn't like that. Joey I think I. Think it's like a back-and-forth play around thing. I, don't think of it too much yeah word by the way. Joey wasn't like that. He was just like I like so Flo. He just owes me money. They both live in a later yeah yeah I broke her to peace between them. This is so floating money and they both been on the podcast. So I got him on the phone and we [ __ ] worked it out. Do we we brokered the peace? That's I was a proud moment for me and this in the show in general, so I want to ask you guys something and correct me if I'm not slamming yeah, I scream, so much man I'm losing my voice, does slam is get you yeah, you need it cuts both ways right. You try to tell the world know the cuts cuts inside my wood in it. If you need more just yell at him, he's there he's asleep he's literally just our slave shoutout to Ian yeah yeah Ian, the beverage I know you're [ __ ] up back there, whatever the water would it would. It seems like Ethan's the crazy one and Mo is like the calming presence, like he's trying to he's trying to like tame the hurricane, like I, think back to like um, the beach pranks and you're and you're, just like a [ __ ], uncontrollable force and Moe's like I, feel like you're. Trying to hold it down. Is that kind of an accurate description of you guys relationship? It goes it's like both ways. It's unknown. To be honest, it's all I know like it's. Just I can't really explain it. Cuz uh there's different like characters, you know mmm, but in real life you got there's not like anything like hold me back dad. No, when we were younger yeah, do you see much guy I wasn't sure suck, but you guys are [ __, ] cool you're, really calm, though it's nice to meet you guys and finally, the way he was we're glad to be here. Yeah, it's really cool, manifested men did it manifested. Finally, you know we actually hired a set designer to come in that's what I was thinking like you need something like that. We also at first it was kind of different and we moved things around. It looks really good thanks man. Thank you. We we basically told a set designer were like I love, Howard Stern set rip it off mm and she did that. That's my! She had this first blueprint. She's like this is good right and I'm like no. You have to read right, you got it. Has a good artists copy. The great artists steal. Thank you! So hey I want to go back like what's the craziest thing that ever happened when I went filming one, your guys's videos, mmm crazy, yeah I, mean if that cop one is there anything crazier that happened with your pranks in the hood or anything um I could say, like two things sure mm-hmm, something that's not really crazy, but we got arrested. Oh we me, while doing a prank yeah me even and Dennis mmm. It was Dennis's video. He was trying to drink, he had an alcohol bottle, but with water and checking in public and the cop arrested us and uh put us in like behind bars for like two hours, and we left all these water yeah. You know what the cop knew who you were when we were brought into the precinct. All the cops were laughing and I was asleep. It's a prank and then the Sarge was like you're, not leaving no way. I was like this guy's funny. Then, like cops like dying the door, I was like. Are you singing Restless, its water water? And then they just you know cuz, is that a meal to drink water? Every ball, no certainly not but I, guess they. They have like I mean I'm, not a [, __ ] lawyer. What do I know I, don't think so. I, don't think the all day part was one time like we were walking to film a video and then um like we passed by a park and then like, like these people like we're like yo. Those are the praying boys go, get go, get it go, get it. I was like go get what yo gonna jump. You know I think they had like a well done. I promise you we rinse like we're like come on. Let's walk I whispered. Now, once we got a little bit Mohawk beer in yo, that's scary, yeah! Well, you guys have done pranks where someone pulled a gun on you yeah it was that real yeah. Well, that's qualifies that's right, yeah, but um. That's why we stopped doing them. I was gonna. Ask you guys were famous for them why'd! You stop because enters every every time we walked on the streets. I swear, you're, scared, okay, because people knew you guys. They'd seen your videos, you see what you were up to yeah like we were so recognizable like we had the glasses, the short hair, the nerdy look so and here yeah, you guys are completely different right yeah. He had a different look and then just people would just always look at us like it wasn't going too good to parrot. You guys got paranoid paranoid yeah. It's not exactly what happened today today, yeah! Oh, it's probably like different reaction today. Right. If someone recognizes you well, it's it's different yeah. We had couple people every now and then you get recognized yeah yeah. Is it good or is it usually good? It's that's always good. Yeah anyway yeah like the hood, the hood prank fans like faded away, yeah, it's okay, yeah, it's been a long time yeah. What would you say to like a black person who lived in the hood was like man? These guys are racist. They come into the hood they're doing pranks on us. We tell them look at our videos, man. We have a variety of people that we bring weird yeah cool, so listen, we're gonna, take a quick break, we're gonna roll our sponsors, all right, gonna do some copy reads: we're gonna get some more coffee, some more water stay tuned, guys we'll be back in exactly three minutes. Gonna read and thank our sponsors guys. Thank you. So much head on over to h2 h3 shop, calm and subscribe at twitch.tv for such a dream productions we'll be back in three minutes guys with the Bradbury boys. Let's go! Thank you to our sponsor videoblocks Cobb, slash h3 the best. What is it? Stock photos, stock photos and videos guys? Usually you need a stock photo. You need a template. You go to like stock, whatever dot-com and it's like five hundred dollars for man sitting on a park, bench feeding, pigeons belly button, lint, no videoblocks! You get a year's subscription, unlimited downloads for $149 a year. Unlimited video blocks, comm /h 3. You won't regret it I live by it, ela swears by it. We use it all the time. If you watched our videos, you probably saw their footage in our videos. 100%, you did thank you for that backup, EULA, so good to have you back. Look at this go to go to video blocks, type sunrise, type type, moon! Look at all this beautiful creamy, unlimited downloadable content, where's my mouse goddammit mm-hmm. Here. Look at this [ __ ]. You popped that in the mail of a spoof, a total spoof I know your footage. Doesn't look this good. It's gonna be completely out of place, but that's funny. Look at this. Unlimited downloads guys go to video blocks, combats vib, EOB, okay, I think CK. You know how to spell video blocks. Calm, slash, h3! Thank you to our sponsor there and we've got me on DS. You guys already know me on DS. They make the most comfortable underwear, jackets, sweaters t-shirts and socks, and today introducing a new clip for all my fetish boys out there. This is a wonderful sock. Did you know me, undies make socks. Socks are underwear, of course they make it. You got ankle. Socks boom. Ela loves this, so soft I gave it like just fell through my fingers. The softest sock look at this cool stuff. Guys me undies the most comfortable pair of underwear and now socks. You will ever own 100% satisfaction guaranteed. If you don't love the dank socks, the dang undies. Guess what you get your money back, it's easy! As that it's risk free, capiche. Right now me undies has an exclusive offer. Just for our listeners, get 20% off your first order and free shipping- nice! That's a legit mandis is so sure you're gonna love their underwear and socks. That will give you a hundred percent satisfaction guarantee simply order a pair. If you don't love it get a full refund. It's a no-brainer guys give me a break. Go to my undies dot-com / h3, it's 20% off just for our viewers because they know the Fupa kings. The Fupa troopers are worth it and a footprint Queens Koopa, Queens, I, so great having you back so put some socks on the Fupa Troopa feet that deserved the best. Thank you, my undies go to me. Undies calm, /h 3 for 20% off if you're in the market, for some stock footage consider hitting up video box.com such a true and if you're in the market furs, any underwear from A to Z go to Mandy's comm / h3. Thank you for supporting us. Thank you. Let's get back to Brad Berry Farms and pick some fresh ones. Welcome back everybody here with the Bradbury boys. That's right! So are you guys? Is this like the premium [ __ ], because I bought them on Amazon for like I, don't know, I thought I was getting the good one, but you guys you. This is the good [ __ ] yeah? What do you buy that stuff? It's from I, think China, really oh yeah, how much it cost per one cuz that pear one yeah. Those are expensive right, yeah, like a hundred bucks yeah about that's the good [ __ ] man I couldn't find where to buy that. So that's like for the performers yeah, but you have to worry about it. Coming in a month ISM how fast Joyce came in few days. Amazon Prime yeah gotta be prime that prime twitch bribes subscribe for free by linking your twitch and Amazon Prime. Guys tell me: who was your inspiration for for doing pranks like moe I? Guess it was your idea right to start making videos. So what inspired you do you have an inspiration o to start a YouTube channel yeah to make videos or make pranks in general um I, just idol I just always had this idea in my head, where on like I, always loved, creating videos, content and I knew if I would do it, it would work because, like I'm I'm that competitive type of person where I used to use a what's that software cinema4d when I was like 13 doing clones on that and stuff, then I went into After Effects and all better and I learned that just by filming stuff from my phone and just playing around and I was like I love to do this like I, don't look I, don't love to do it, but I like to do it and you're good at it. I was curious to see where I would take sure. Are you the one that does all the crazy like after effects on the spider-man Elsa videos? Oh, it's like different people that should stop lightning bolts and [ __ ]. Do you guys have a favorite prankster on YouTube, some of the you wash your like this guy's dope, ordinary pranks? Do all pranksters like hate each other, sometimes I get that vibe, the favorite prankster yeah, no I, don't hate nobody or maybe not even on YouTube, but generally I, like that honestly denying yeah I never looked at pranks is like um I'll, just curious, so um I never really used to like watching my videos after we filmed them and I never used to like watching anyone else. You know what I'm saying yeah I could develop and focus on my craft for sure that Flanders it was. It was just this simple. You recorded video and add prank at the end viral prankster I'm not considered a prankster dude I, don't I, don't you knows following the yeah yeah I, like you know, I see what's going on and you know it works well. That kind of explains the the next question. I have for you yeah, because pranks was a huge passing phenomenon yeah and you guys say that you follow the fat and you do it and you do what's good what's popular, so that kind of leads me to the the spider-man Elsa fat. Okay, but you never know the pranks might come back. Believe me we're so sure, listen cyclical right, dislike! You know this. Both of you know this like we're so early on social media. You never know. What's gonna come back and be big again tonight, yeah sure to actually to tell you know, I think pranks could come make a comeback. I think they were just a lot of potentially yes, saturation, low quality and people lost faith and it became like a meme. You know like what [ __ ] YouTube pranks rocks to you. Man change the game, hey yeah! Thanks for that appreciate you, yeah I mean yeah I, feel like you, like. Our fates have been intertwined like in a way, we've all been collaborating for a walk TV, you guys were huge and we were, and we were just starting out for yeah yeah. We, when we first start found you guys channel, you guys were in doing pranks on the hood yeah we're huge, yet over million subs, which was a crazy yeah. We hit a quick and yeah that just explains to you mm that explains to respect the ground. Hustle thanks, I appreciate that just explains, like you guys have it to would appreciate the grind. The hustle, oh yeah, yeah mm-hm, like a lot of people, think like uh, we're like always like joking around in real life, but they don't see. What's behind the scenes you know, yeah you guys are dedicated is no question, but I they're. No, they don't know we wake up 6:00 in the morning to do stuff. You know we only sleep 60 that way, I look at it the way I look at it is like it's. It's just enterprise, I love, enterprise, business, mm-hmm, how'd. You guys think how'd. You dream up the spider-man Elsa thing like how the and I and I and I admire the enterprise, as you said, because I'm sure that was extremely lucrative, but you guys were like really successful at cenchrea venom. Simple curiosity. Curiosity. Curiosity, let's was doing one thing that lets all other and just exploded. You know why are you laughing laughing Frank I mean contagious, yawning Frank. We did that too. I made a comment. You see that no yeah I made a copy. We did a video where we were like it's funny. What young? You know ya know it's [ __ ] up. Why I don't know why it's a mystery of this world, oh yeah, and so you guys like tell me, you walk me through the spider-man else's [ __, ] cuz. That is fascinating for me, right yeah, where you add, when people found out that it was you guys doing it um. Let me see some what super sleuth the [ __ ]? Yes, because they found, like you converted one year, older channels to the spider-man [ __ ], but what was I mad boy reaction mmm when you've won, we gotta take it back. It was like a year ago since then yeah, that's right! That's right! Yeah! To be honest! I was it's just so frustrating man you can't escape ya know because, like you're building it and then um, you really don't know who's behind watching everything like monitoring everything. Is this like Oh at the time like there was so much things going on on the Internet today and then they start watching channels. Obviously we made a mistake: yeah we filmed it in a house. We lived in no well I mean do you regret it, but it was frustrating I'll tell you why I did get mad cuz um, it's just it's just going back to when I was saying it shocks, your mind, man so, but at the same time it's like part of the journey, so you just gotta be like you're saying that people were shocking your mind in this case I'll. Just the event like the whole thing was brain shocking, yeah yeah it was, it was pretty nutty. The thing is: I didn't even really know about the Spira else's [ __, ], barely until I started hearing you guys were doing it. We started putting it together, so yeah yeah, but it was you gotta, wait the wait. This would have never happened. We try to keep a low key for the longest buzz just whatever you could take this and then after um we just didn't care. Yo, yo watch the plague. Yo just forget about it. You know the gold coin. All right, we would do scenes in the artery. I know. I saw spider-man, it's so funny. So at a certain point, cos will [ __ ] it yeah, but on this wouldn't ever happened. If it wasn't for him, like he's, are you he got me into it? Yeah um I was I was like sleeping in bed and I like he was more curious than me. Is that yo come check this out? We gotta go, we gotta go get something to eat and talk about this was like. It was like it was like 3:00 in the morning inspiration strikes. Yeah I was like this. I was like no bro. Let's do it another day and then, if we kept arguing for 30 minutes to my left and met up, he was right. Yeah I was like whoa. This makes sense yeah, but the first month or two, nothing, it's not so strange other, like YouTube algorithm, it's just one day, they're like but I love. It love it with this. You got it. You gotta keep putting one on one together, it's a gamble. Sometimes you keep grinding and like it pays off. You can't learning what works and what what works? Cuz. The algorithm keeps changing. So when you guys hit it off with the spider-man else's [ __ ], were you making more money than you were with the pranks? Did you buy another yeah? We don't we? Don't we don't I? Don't we don't spend money on my stuff? You know yeah, we don't. We drive regular tights, that's that's smart yeah. We don't the way. I've always heard that kid's content is super. Super [, __, ], lucrative I, don't want to know I'm, not asking I'm. Just saying is it? Can you confirm that it's super lucrative cool, kobe, no kids cause like spider-man else's [, __ ], it's something that will just mess with your brain yeah. If you're thinking about see because it's just a whole different niche- and you got it really like just you're confirming- am I confirming I'm just saying like it's- it's a very uh lucrative different. You know it's. It's you're saying it's way better than like pranks in the hood. It depends on what you want. It's a balanced man really think about it. Pranks you're, branding yourself, yeah, the other thing yeah. You know I'm, saying you're, just you're grinding there look at look at some of the roles like some of the major actors took and how he would like they would take like weird roles and skull viral. You know it's just weird something better, but you don't you don't regret doing it, I mean clearly you guys shut up, I'm, gonna I, don't I'm gonna, say something: I, never regret anything! Okay, very good! That's great I! Don't want to I, don't want to be old and be like damn I wish. I'd done that! Yes, well you don't regret like I mean, maybe he's not regrets, not the right word, but maybe you think, like oh I wish. Maybe I got a new. How a different house and did it there something? No, because no because you know why once they've got damnit mo it's getting hot in there, let's get Spidey out of this. Damn this damn thing: oh, hey! What else? Hmm no worries? We got another Bradbury in the house, what a bread? Maybe so! Listen nice shirt, yeah! You looking good so Joey salads says that 99% of all pranks on YouTube are fake right. Do you agree with that? Probably exaggerating yeah. Well. Did you guys ever fake pranks yeah like oh well, I mean like what not a lot, not a lot of them. Well at what point, what stuff was real yeah good stuff I could stop. You know what really I gotta say: um Oh, Mike check, sorry I gotta say you guys saw like um. There was people who were saying like the prank. Hoods were fake for a minute and I was like what like I'm one I'll, call it a fake prank when I see it, but when I saw people being like Activa hood pranks are fake. I was like what that should see. It real sell to me its haters out there. You know what it is. I'll tell you what it is. We pioneered the genre right, mmm, so obviously um when you pioneer something everyone else starts leeching off of it right. Oh they can they here. He says you can I was saying. I was saying we pioneered at genre right. So whenever you pioneer something other people, start leeching off sure and a whole bunch of other people started doing it yeah and whenever they do it, who does it go to us? You know I'm saying what do you mean if some people faked it, then you get also under the same, you get the same scrutiny. Yes exactly so when you guys did fake a prank like why? What was it about this particular bravery like man, let's fake this one or what purpose to really to really get a message across because um it would have to be done. A certain way like all day helping the homeless stuff is always fake. No, no, not always no any of them. No, those are the ones I've always suspected as fake, because the reaction is always like way too inspirational nah, but some social experiments where fake them. Okay, yeah, like the Craigslist yeah, which one was the crazy one, did they removed yeah all right, the kidnapping, one hell yeah. We only had that up for an hour. That sure is funny. We must allow that one I was like to do. I mean it's yeah and what I said. Listen I'm telling you like, like um, I, get these weird feelings. Man like if we left it up, it would have guns very big, but it would have like we would have ate all that hate I mean leave such a long time, the bigger it gets. Obviously, man YouTube shows that everyone was it tough. It's aligned, though, because you guys are pranksters. So it's your bread and butter right that so that one like there was no real issue with like the police or anything because I remember watching that one I was like -. This [ __ ] is [ __ ], crazy yeah. Did you guys actually did anyone call the police cuz? You guys were like straight-up kidnapping, someone in broad daylight, for which one yeah, the Craig's, they call yeah, yeah, I, think I. Think one of them called the cops like I, think I think it showed like a person in the car yeah. If you and the video was up someone reuploading dude, it was super convincing, like I, actually wasn't sure about the realness yeah, but we really wanted to get a message across like if people use stuff like on Craigslist. It happens to my friends. My friends want to buy something. They get robbed. I promise you yeah, it's all for ya, so my friends like would go with like three people to be protected. You know sure it happens. He almost got said yeah, my friend almost lost that you guys are in New Jersey, a Craigslist New, Jersey's gnarly and um, and uh Brooklyn, New York, even worse or even crazier, maybe Brooklyn, depending on the neighborhood. Obviously William is very, very dangerous. Someone might sell you a $10 coffee, no Bedford, Stuyvesant Flatbush. What's that place, we used to wake anybody. Is it a bad neighbor? No in the supermarket Oh Williamsburg? Oh yeah, oh and that's what you get that's a very dangerous. Some some hipsters beard might rub on you. There suppose my scratch yeah, like blades I'm, telling you I forgot so in the world of pranksters, a lot of people always accusing each other of stealing pranks. So my question is like: do you guys follow the the ecosystem of pranksters? Do you have an opinion of who's like the worst prankster that rips off everybody I? Don't know I, don't you know you guys are sweet, I love, you guys! Well, usually you have someone in here and they're like oh yeah, [, __, ], I love you too, but you guys are actually nice guys, man, you don't say [ __ ] about anybody. I! Think that speaks for that sky koala. That's a high character thing I mean you know anything about Joey! That's why I like him because he's a Carrie yeah! Yes like we hang out. He brings positive energy. He is, he honestly is a nice [, __ ] guy he's a solid head yeah. You guys see this vitaliy video, just like coke fueled rage, the metallic which wanted everyone or he's like I'm, the ultimate prankster, and it calls out all the other big pranksters by name. He called you guys out in it through yeah. Let me see, haven't see anything man, you guys are [ __ ], don't spend any time on YouTube. It seems like what you guys seriously didn't see this here deleted it no guy. He went to this coke filter frenzy and was talking [ __ ] on every world. That chn know someone reuploaded it like. He took it down. Let me show you here: watch he talk, [ __ ]. I time step where he talks about Kobe person, and you guys know you I think I seen that yeah he looks like a mania. Oh I'll, tell you why I'll tell you why he did that I know. I know these things. You want to watch sure you want to watch what he said about us. Can you turn it up down? [Music] he's getting there anyway. He talks [ __ ] on Kobe, and then he talks about you. Next, you took all my [ __ ] titles. You tried to be [, __, ], tough, running around Brooklyn, full black people, bands down. Surprise. Even if you ask strangers for directions, pick up your favorite such a balls-up, your wrath and get the [ __ ] off youtube. Whoa! No he's ain't he's! Not just you guys! He's everybody! No, no I'll! Tell you what yeah what happened? Look at the way he's talking play it play for two seconds: go ahead! Sure break limitless. You tried to save any think. That's the way he really talks. Oh you, [ __, ] I think he's on drugs he's not on drugs. At that time he did a. He did a video where the Bulls step on his jaw. It broke his jaw and he was hospitalized I. Remember that so you got a really think deep. This guy, it really shocked his mind. I think he went I, don't want to say crazy, but I, don't I, don't think he was in the right state of mind on painkillers exactly so so you don't you don't know what he was thinking at the time. Ethan you're a great guy, dude you're, always fine that good, you guys are always looking for the best parts of people. You know justifying this really awful video yeah. That's what happened you just did some coke I thought he was on a coke, no I. Remember that I'm, not him! He was hot. This is after you think he regretted he's like man, I don't actually hate all this. Did he delete it? Yeah yeah! There you go. He looks like completely insane yeah. He wasn't. He wasn't aware huh, damn you want to keep playing it. Yeah there's a part. He has a part about Joey sells and Kobe I'll play a part for Joe, just because I mean Joe [, __ ], disrespected my mother. You wanted to [ __ ] her. You want to [ __ ], her I'm gonna, [, __ ]. Her I will cut off your [ __ ] dick shoving. Your mouth make you [ __ ], chew on it and I'll [ __ ], you chew! You love me [, __, ], angry I. Think it's the angriest person I've ever seen in my life man, character! Yeah! You can, what do you guys think of Italia I've never met him, I! Think all Kobe Kobe Kobe Kobe here he met Kobe met him in New York City well, before Kobe was on YouTube Oh Papa bless. Oh thanks. Doc Papa bless you with your soda pop. That's true yeah get me a soda pop whirring. You won, but we were running late because what is it soda pop? So do you know the story? Is that means everything then all right, you're in dude, then you're in the matrons everyday in the main matrix there's this video about Papa John and his son Beau and their pizza mansion yeah, and he called he said: let's get some soda pops instead of like soda and it cracked me up. So sorry, pops. Thank you in in hustling. You guys I'm good. It's ice-cold, I'm, good, I'm good. We appreciate it Cheers the bus yeah we switched over here. This is that Diet Coke yeah nice I can't handle that regular [, __ ] I'm [ __ ] obese, like one cookie away. If you like diabetes, good man, do I wait. You fatter before you can't tell on camera, but what I kind of like yeah are you in the gym? I know I, don't like I, don't like the gym, I exercise at home. You know what you know: I've an elliptical machine and push-ups. Do you know what you need to do? You need to get on like a diet which is very challenging, but that's the main thing to diet and like I'm about that, you know it's [, __ ] up what kind of diet? What do you guys? Do you guys, like per unit? Are you still being like bigger than this yeah I? Just like buff, you know, I go heads north I go heavy on the Stairmaster. You know the same as it the hardest, cardio 1,500 calories every day and then Koli yeah, Kobe Kobe is higher than wedding bullet. Kobe's does 2,000 calories, that's insane! Yeah, like you, walk in the gym and there's a puddle I promise you and then people that would look at them like these guys are mania. How long does it take to burn 2,000, Callaghan out Oh an hour an hour and five minutes? And if I'm running super intense six I tried it for 18 minutes, I was dying. If you know what 2,000 calories on the stem a so you know that's brutal. So what do you eat afterwards? A lot of spaghetti and meatballs some carbs obviously come around heart. What's your favorite food me like what's most flames, you said you guys are very you like that. Italian I mean yesterday we had some Mexican food. What up I felt lighter right, yeah I think it was authentic, Mexican food, so that was slamming. That was yeah. So your favorite food I, like my no [ __ ], you look used to eat that [ __ ]. So frequently it's not authentic. Oh god, they found like what was it cold on it like Salmonella summer, don't die. Ether were last burrito of your life at Chipotle. I bet, as you know, there's like a South Park did a joke about Chipotle that, like you, shoot your brains out. Well, it's real I, [, __, ] diarrhea, all day boy, they say stuff, and these shows in it. It's real. Yes, but I! Guess that's a good weight loss program right, diarrhea yeah that works yeah. If you don't want to be I mean only if you consistent with it right, you got to stick to what you guys do gotta come out liquid right. You know, there's that that water weight yeah. You know this is a complete I love. This fact. This trivia, Louis, Armstrong, famous jazz musician, wrote a diet book and his technique for losing weight was to take laxatives and [ __ ] his brains out. Don't you do that? Really that really makes you [ __ ], your brains, up laxatives yeah, designed by doctors, make you [ __ ] your brains out how like, if you take like a dose of air or whatever, how it is like you, [ __ ] for the whole day, I, actually I, don't know, I've, never actually gotten down that rabbit hole. No, it's just a fan of his work. Well, tell me about it. Actually: good [, __ ]! All theirs are just like once it's like when you're just just squirting you're slamming can I should be slamming or just food can [. __ ] like a diarrhea, be slamming or just film depends like how the kind of smell it. You know right like never like that smell gotta contain good yeah like like. Whenever, like you know why you wait right whenever he blows fights like I, would you guys you guys have a close relationship? Man I admire that I thought me. Neal were close when I fart. She clears the room. Why I have some often I have some some good days all right, so you guys rebranded from awk or is that Ock or awk TV? It's a CVP, so you guys rebranded from octave E to mo ne T yeah I, wouldn't know why we called it off TV. There's no reason for that name: I, don't even know why we did it subliminally. So what made you guys rebrand from Hawk, TV - moaning -. We thought it would be better Brendan yeah, because because when I would be walking, someone would call me yuck like way. I kind of thought about that yeah, basically rebrand get your name in there yeah. Let's say: let's say: let's say your channel is called or your your channels called um hehe productions, though yeah. How do people say he? Is it :, oh, so yeah? Actually, the origin story is that we wanted to call it hehehe, because it's our initials combined, but it was taken. So we did H 3, H, 3, o h e 18 yeah, like maybe because, lo bizarre, it's a little unusual I thought. I thought it was like so so. Um like I was gonna. Ask you people and whenever you get recognized people call you yo hehehe. No, they always say the name, yeah yeah, all right or well, no they'll say like yo its h2 h3 like right, like you'll, walk by in the back. Oh, it's h3 h3, alright, alright, but they. How do you handle that? Our fans are it's a very personal thing, so they all I think most of them know they're loyal right bust. Until you make a video, they don't you they don't like. Then they'll come to your house and burn it down. No way I for the most part, I cut when you have like uh such us like strong, engaged fanbase, it really cuts both ways mmm-hmm when you're, when you're hitting it good, they love you and then, when you have like an off month, your videos are a little subpar. It's like [, __, ] brutal. It sucks I, don't like it all by the way. Congratulations for the law! Oh yeah! Thank you, guys, yeah that felt good. How long sorry! So now, basically uh people could like. Basically, we re upload and compensate or something not re-upload. I like what my reaction: okay, because commentary right: okay, yeah, all right, that's that's powerful! It was yeah. I'm, really I'm really drained yeah energy. We liked what you did for the community. What's the opposite of slamming opposite of slamming I know what do you? What do you think the opposite of slamming I? Don't know disgusting this backwards, okay, hit on sport mode. This was originally like. Learn life life like like you, don't like yeah, stop. Yeah, like you know, bro, you want to go chill life. What does that? Stop me busy? Yeah! Oh I didn't, okay, so learn life means busy. It could mean different things like my feels. Really. No, not busy like, like I, don't know like tonight too bad too bad yeah. So that's what that is yeah. You know, origin story, you know, can you like move that thing on the floor? My life too bad learn life, no I move that no life. It's called because you say like your death yeah something or is this like your guyses me and where is this something that's in the world? Oh, it's a sign that in the world, but we we um, you push the next located you innovated on it yeah you guys are innovators. Man I, want to say just just that like yeah anyway uh just going back to the fan thing like yeah, it's it, you got to appreciate it, but it's! It is frustrating sometimes when it cuts both ways when, like they get upset and you're like I'm doing my best out here, yeah YouTube comments. Man does it get to you, I, don't read them? Oh, but um. If they're, let me see if other youtubers start talking about it. In a bad way, then we have to look at the comment. I feel like YouTube comments like um, like people just want to comment stuff just to maybe get a response like I. Don't think they legit when they comment stuff, like that, it's very confusing like if you read all your comments and take it personal and like you're, not you can't you're, not gonna go anyway. You have to really just focus on slamming. You got to really just focus on your own good energy. Sometimes I have a hard time, but you're right, you got a you. You said it. You really can't focus on that trust me yeah, we're all in this together gets on put on the producing Moorea, good content and whatever you're good at yeah. So for the longest time you guys denied your involvement in spider-man else' like people to ask you like I, don't know what you're talking about. Are you guys, even like I, remember when I called you with post Malone and by the way I do owe you guys an apology for that, because that was kind of [ __ ] up how we like put you on spot yeah, but I did sir that wanted to reach out to you guys and have anyway, yeah no and I, and there was more that we cut out because I wanted to. You know respect you guys, privacy. No, we we respect that because you know um, like I said we got to put our shoes in someone else's and try to figure out. What's going on, you know, cuz I always like to get into things like I like to understand it. Like I told you I didn't know what I mean was for me like it's. It's so frustrating I want to know what this thing is. You know that I'm Ethan Bradberry was one of the biggest means yeah a long time. Yes, like all the YouTube comments, were, does Ethan I mean Brad lazy man. So do you will enlighten now that you do you feel, like you understand what I mean? Is I'm getting at it I'm starting to get it? Do you feel in mind or like? What do you mean like? Do you feel, like your your minds, been elevate like yeah from learning more about this yeah yeah? Sure, um I, just think it brought you here right, yeah, yeah, I, like that things happen, the weirdest ways you know yeah so is is coming here today, part of like embracing the meme and learning about what a meme is boys. Yeah I want to know more about it right. You have a question for me: um I, want me to I. Do what made you like? What made you? What was in your head when uh you thought about I'm, Ethan, Bradberry, listen, I'll, answer him I'll answer for him! Man curious answer! Well, there was something like so great about that one shot when you guys were walking together, I think it was like the smoke right and you said it so fast and it doesn't sound like you either. It's like high pitch played again down. It's like no I think he was screaming it made me for the engine. Was it was yeah yeah Mike was probably like, was yeah but, like you did it so fast, and you did this whole thing and you had like your. You know what, whenever we're filming, whenever we're filming an intro like we want to do it like, we want to focus on the biggest stuff in the video make sure you know that was probably an accident, though he said it, but that's crazy, weird how things like no just came out like it was amazing to you yeah. It was magic, I, don't know it's just me magic and people like that. We didn't expect it also to go so big like it was even a video we made on our second channel, not even our main channel, but it like you, never expected. You never expect what goes big trust me. We already go through that, and people won't know what we're talking about um until they actually experience it. You know yeah, it's just like so so I get what you guys are coming from you. So what do you? What do you guys think about our of our videos? Were you ever mad at me or upset or like man? I was guy, I was that's fair, um I think you just said yeah because, like I said I, don't know what a meme is and you kept going at it and you kept building momentum. So I was like we thought me me me. I was mad about that pie. I didn't know what a meme was. You weren't, like you, weren't necessarily angry at me: you're just like confused yeah this whole world, okay, because I think memes were like um that the whole mean world. That's been going on right for such a long time. Yeah yeah, that's crazy! You guys are a welcome I. Think by the way you guys are incredible. I think people are gonna, be really happy to get to know you guys personally. This is I. I can speak for myself. It's been great yeah talk chatting with you guys and getting to know you it's a great tool. Man welcome to the main way course I mean world is something else, there's a lot of weird things going on on it. That's true um that mean thing: yeah yeah! Well, if you guys ever have any questions about that, are you with me? I guess like in some ways, yeah for sure it's an honor, but you guys are living its head to toe about that. There's like so so it's funny, though. It's not like ya know it's funny, cuz I'm getting done this in yeah, but I'm saying like what's your intention, - like um, do the whole mean thing from the beginning? No, no it wasn't like I mean we were just trying to make like no, not really like that designed I. Don't think! That's how that works right! It's you just make a video, and then people like this this part was yeah, something memorable. So let's turn it into me. Like I, remember Colby person right. He had this. What are you out of your mind and we cut the guy out walking out and yelling at the girl and we would put it in all of our videos yeah and so that he's like somebody was born. You edit that yeah, what what's left with premiere they'll be promoted right? Well, you like premiere better than Final Cut yeah I. Just never use Final Cut I, never learned on it. Oh yeah, you use these computers nah. We have pcs at home, I, don't like it that stops up yeah. You play games right, yeah, [, __, ] yeah, but what kinda game pc, yeah PC I, have a switch I like switch yeah. You don't blew my mind. I've been playing, I tried playing, which are three on the ps4 which yeah witcher 3. You know that game the whole time yeah all right. I heard about hunt what is it baseball? It's like a RPG or whatever. Okay, it's a fantasy game, but it was [. __ ] lagging yeah like what the [ __ ] is his [ __ ] good, it's a ps4 Oh. Are you yeah I, usually play on my PC, because I'm like this consoles, can't even play their own damn games? What do you play um? To be honest? I, don't play anything but okay for, like four or five years of console, gamer yeah, weird console Oh Xbox. Whatever was on the circuit. The circuit is like MLG analogy: yeah, it's all competitive or whatever it's the top game time. Yeah cool yeah you ever win any prizes. You get it Steve in any tournament, ah little money on some some website they shut down, though yeah. That's so, let's see here anyway, so I mean yeah, I'm, really happy! You guys came out here to pleasure. It's been [, __, ], dope, I, guess I'm all end of the yeah yeah I want to get to that. Well, you guys you guys. Twitter accounts are pretty [, __ ] interesting, oh yeah, hell yeah! Do you want to get me into them here? Let me open this ghost. The ghost get me into the mind. Use you guys both have similar. Let's go there! You go look at that, so this is Pam. If you're reading this I love you yeah I love, you miss Thanks, I love! You too good morning, beautiful you down tonight. What does that mean like down with the shits? Does this? Are you trying to get some cuties? It's all trolling man, I love it so you're into meme, [, __, ], yeah, you're, you're, really cute cool cool you're, not trying to [ __ ]. Wait did I write that no! This one here uh, if you're, asking about that, but you're not trying to [ __ ]. Are you guys trying to [ __ ] with these twitter? I'm not judge. God bless like oh, like with twitter, no trying to put your dick away into an email now only if its Roybal raw, no condom, exact, okay. Is that how you and then I want to talk about Sunset Park cuz? That was like I. Guess your guys is new enterprise. It's done now. You guys haven't posted video there and like - hell. No, it's not. It hasn't even begun. Okay, because I just I assume that, because you haven't posted there in a couple months, it's it's actually something you're working on yeah hell, yeah, I'm gonna be the biggest so Sunset Park. If you guys don't know, is like how would you describe it? Sunset Park yeah, it's just uh. Let me see it's best friends who have the same vision, who want to create content together, got it simple. Yeah, honestly, we like whatever, whatever I, have envisioned on where it's gonna go or wherever he has an envision. Wherever it's gonna go, it's gonna probably come out different, but whatever sure yeah I was really sad. When Sam Dez left rest in peace he's so young, then yeah 15 actually looks older. He has a lot of Drive like he he wants to. He wanted to UM. He wanted to stay really do this, but he's pretty young guy to go. [ __ ], move out of his house and it wasn't then yeah shout out to Sam Dez. Do it rest in peace who gets the most female attention on Sunset Park who [ __ ] the most I mean um the most attention? That's how I do it probably Sam right? Oh and what's the girls, all the girls would follow us that we're like what the hell are. They doing. Man yeah every know it Walter won't ever see you never wait. They would show up at your house yeah, no way holy, [ __, ], I'm, telling you it's I, never seen anything like this guys, like you, Sunset Park, dude I, think that's the same thing. Justin Bieber gets yeah you're talking about Sam Dez. Are you guys in general? Sam does know: that's particularly its I, seen it in the comments. They're like everybody's, just losing their damn mind over the Sam Dez. That's what happens well, literally. They lose their goddamn minds, yeah, something in their preview best and brain. They get brain shocked by spiced, cuteness yeah! That's what it is so I know. There's two modes in Sunset Park. Is that an issue you guys need a battle for the for the real mo title of the real mo I know: it's not an issue. You always be the real. No to me you'll, your mode number one. At least he could be mo number two in my heart anyway. I love you for that. Yeah sure tag, um, I guess my last question before the end is like: where do you? Where do you see your guy yourselves? What's next, for you guys yeah? Where do you see yourself in five years from now or is there a next thing, you're working on it? Is this big thing something you said you don't want to talk about yeah! You don't have to talk about some, you know. But what do you see yourself in five years, five years on YouTube man, yeah yeah, oh yeah, next, five years, YouTube's a baby, do you see any problematic how they're cracking down on like inappropriate content? You said as a challenge for you guys. Absolutely not. We don't see that as a challenge, because um you have to get better, don't don't don't wish it was easier. You know what I'm saying you just have to get better. That's great! That's a [ __, ] beautiful! You have to get philosophy, better, that's inspirational, dude and then. Finally, this is kind of like a tradition here at the podcast. We always ask classic it's just completely left field. Do you guys have any ghost stories ghost stories yeah you like like behind the camera, you guys ever seen: ghosts spirits, [, __ ], like that you buried UFOs, weird spooky unexplainable, there's a video on YouTube, where you hear stuff from the sky, I've seen that that, like a horn or something yeah, that's we touch. It is that real I have I've heard conflicting things about those, that's weird, that's it! It is really freaky. Can you can you find that in model and whisper? It's like it's really bizarre. It's like a. It sounds like the and like some sci-fi like a [, __, ] horn in the sky, blasting like what was that hey? That's, not it dance god, damn it yeah. Did you find it I'm gonna, try to pull it up. It's it's kind of it's hard to explain man, it's just straight there. But, okay! There is some explanations, but you hear it's hard to accept that it's just like some atmospheric. It sounds like a and it happens in different countries too right. Yeah I want to play that for you guys, but until then we have some callers. You guys mind taking some some questions from from the audience all night. We don't mind. Okay, let me pull up some colors and see what we got here. Oh we have it hang on. What do we got? They talk, live or insist on message. Now we have a lot. What can take callers live? That's I mean I'm. Here it is I know you guys see. That's that's exactly yeah! It's been only four innovating yeah. We support what you're doing. Thank you all right get on with it. This is can't be what you linked me. Is it end of times anyway, I see a lot of people saying that it's fake, fake use, Internet Explorer there. No, it just clicks it, and it comes up man, I'm, sorry to embarrass myself like that yeah you're. Right, though people are saying it's fake, yeah, well, I'm an idiot, then I need to look more into it. I don't know, that's muted! It's more like this sound comes out of what am I missing down other. They got a lot of likes yeah. You hear that [ __ ] yeah something a straight sacrifice: movements, I'm gonna, try to look more to this cuz. It's almost too bizarre to be real [Music]. That can't be real way everything, but you could hear it in different countries. Yeah! No wait! Well, if somebody just edit it all right, yeah, maybe I, like my friends across that's what I'm saying and make it sound, realistic, yeah anyway, I did anyone in real life hear this, though, that witness that is just a video I think it's probably a collaborative goof, yeah cuz, you would see more. You would see more of these anyway. Elaborating on that. Well does Ethan. They want you to say that I'm eatin bread, me and you say, yeah best. My vision of naseeban like the way I said anything. That's what's up guys, I'm all Bradberry I'm, Ethan, Bradberry I love it. You know, you know post alone and yeah I, don't know if you guys heard when he starts all of his shows by playing ax. This is Ethan of you know: I really swear to God yeah, yes, yeah every one of his shows who starts with a dizzy thing. You can find classes where shoutout to post Malone number one oh wait. He broke party B was dude. He broke the record for most streams in 24 hours on Apple music sounds good news, really good he's killing it check it out was playing your voice. I respect those respect, respect guys I gotta say was on. It was a joy and a privilege having you here. Thank you. Fan I was pret very, very pleasantly surprised to see how [ __, ] cool and nice and awesome down to earth. Mike Weisman, you guys are going on. Yeah I mean oh, should we take those and should we I already said like goodbye, it's all heartfelt and [ __ ]. Now you want me to say goodbye again. I only see one person and I don't know: okay, alright, I'll take one god, damn it alright, we'll take one yeah hello, oh I'm, not in the room, [ __, ], right, hello, low neck! You got a question for the Bradbury's all right. Maybe this speaker is well as I said, thanks for uh, thanks for thanks for that they gave the callin appreciate that, what's his name, : ik long long, neck, low Nick, thanks for the question buddy thanks Jonah. What was the question? He didn't, he never said I think shout on hello, Nick, the [ __ ] anyway, all right cool guys. It's been awesome, hope you have a great time in LA, come back again. Yeah definitely will friends of the show man. Thank you. Everyone, alright, guys. Thanks for watching, appreciate you guys next Tuesday make sure is tuned in we've got Chi Lopez come then: oh yeah, that's a man right. There he's in New, York right, I'll, probably pick Jinyan and it's funny. He lives in LA. So anyway, thanks for watching guys, preciate you and we'll see you next time. [Music].