Welcome everybody to the h3 beyond the experience podcast thank you to Dollar Shave, Club, Mint, mobile and expressvpn today for sponsoring us, the guests. Of course. The great bill burr here today are about great. Give me someone greatest guys sitting across from you right now. I know pretty much can close. The show I think. Thank you. Thanks guys and that'll be all first of all very excited for you playing Madison Square, Garden November 7th. Yes, sir, you guys can go get tickets now, billboard.com, slash events, yeah bu are are yeah fee. You are I also want to give you credit, for I mean f, is for family mm-hmm, oh yeah, we just wrapped I, guess productions recall on season three, so that should be out on Netflix later on this year. They haven't given me a date yet, but uh they have some sort of probably in November cuz everything you have a lot going on in November. You got your new movie coming out the front-runner I got Thanksgiving, you got Thanksgiving up, you got rivalry weekend, the NCAA there's a lot going on for the great bill burr, but Madison Square Garden. That's crazy is that your have you played that venue before yeah one other time, okay, I forget one 2015 I played it so now back and hopefully just as good, if not better than the last time. How does it feel cuz that there's like almost 21,000 seats No? How does it feel playing to that many people verse like 200 people, don't call me well, it depends on how you see it like so when I did it, I had the stage onto one side, but now this time I'm doing it in the round. So it's more seats, I, don't know how I don't know how many it is. But it's you know what I did. The first time was: I ended up. You know: cuz I'm, a big zipline fan and song remains the same. You know that concert film was shot there, so I played drums so me and the guys from the goddamn Comedy Jam, mhm, Josh, Adam, ours and all those guys, Ben Bailey came down. My publicist played drums. We all just and healthy arena, just attempt on all these that's Guns, N'roses and rock songs that we grew up with and it was fun it turned it into like sort of like it felt like a more like a like a you know, our Clubhouse for the day right and yeah you went in, you made a lot of noise and then it didn't just it didn't seem as crazy mm-hmm, so I went out there and Paul virzi opened and then Joe DeRosa was on and Joe had this old sort of what I was calling a Golden Girls sweater on so I just made fun of that. You know, keep going, you know for Paul Rosie and Joe DeRosa with his [ __ ] Golden Girls sweater just made me feel like I was at a comedy club. You know, and nervous first shows like that. Still, you know like I get more like I want people to feel like they got their money's worth like I want people to leave like you feel like like nervous this, and all that is, is on the way up and then once you get to a certain level, then it becomes like responsibility like you spent their hard-earned money they're coming out. They had to get a sitter, it's not like. They just went to a comedy club, a let's watch, 10 comics and maybe a couple drinks. Yeah I have a couple of yeah. This is like this is an event so know how to pressure and that uh no I mean I mean it's. It would be a lot of pressure if I had to do like math like something I wasn't good at. But it's like this is what I do they're coming to see me I mean you could do a podcast there Nana you before! Well, I, guess you're not in front of a crowd, but whatever you know what I mean if you went to whatever comic-con the broadcasting, would you be nervous? Yes I'm, so neurotic I am nervous, I'm nervous right now. Okay, no trust me I'm well, I'm on edge. Was there a point? Relax. Thank you. Was there a point when you can't kind of because certainly you felt nervousness sometime? Oh no yeah, the first years in my career I mean I would be like I, do a 10-minute spot and then on nights. Where was a difficult crowd in New York I would be out of breath and sweating. Really twelve minutes. I was telling jokes. I would be sweaty, so yeah. No, no! No! No I had all these rituals I had this rule. For years, where, before I went on stage, I would untie and then retie my shoes, cuz I always worried what if they came, untied and I did a faceplant. Oh I have I have that kind of CD [ __ ] drives me crazy, I, don't know if that's OCD, but well I depends on what your childhood was. I mean if you had a childhood and you weren't bullied at all, and you still think like that. I would think it was some sort of OCD. But you know you got kicked out of yourself for a while. So it's LCD, you kind of look in this Oh, your Z I. Don't I'm, not gonna, diagnose you I have no idea yeah. So in my case it was probably just you know, my childhood or whatever it's just like. Oh, you got bullied as a kid yeah. Oh boy, I did bully I. You know it was a get it off of me and I'd pick on somebody weaker than me. You know I was the Lord of the Flies course back then. So it wasn't the way it is now where you know you can go on YouTube and the next thing you know the bullies crying for some reason like do, you think I feel, like bullies, almost important in a way. Isn't it like you gotta, allow kids to give each other [ __ ] in a sense I mean you can't call it gets too much. I, don't think it's a parent! You ever allow it sure you know it's it's something! No but I mean I, know that there's like like I, have a daughter and I want her to take some MMA and I. Just think all women should know that, because I feel like rapists. You know, depending on how well they're endowed at some point. They're gonna have to get in close and I feel like no like one killer, yeah I mean yeah. It's like I would think like when you watch those women fight in the UFC. It's just like, there's I mean there's probably I mean I would do what I don't what percentage of the population of just guys that even know how to fight fair could beat them and like I, don't think they could because and the second you get close to these are the professional level fighters. So if the average woman would learn that I mean you could get them in a triangle, yeah I said the arm guard I'm, trying to member all the stuff. Rogan says like I, don't matter, I, don't not educated in it, but I just know looking at it that you just like learn a little self-defense just some yeah. Well, the fact that you can be on your back and be in a powerful position and I just figured like a guy's gonna, try to gorillas way in and try to hold you down or whatever and then all of a sudden he's you know, he's tapping out you blow out his elbow and that's an erection killer right there you blow out the elbow I, think that's slang for the armbar, although I do see yeah, that's part of I feel like that's a new thing, you're already worried about your daughter being sexually assaulted. You know how old your dog I. Don't think that is I, think that's you! You projecting your OCD on me mm-hmm, it's all weird you're! Talking about you know you want your your two-year-old daughter to get krav maga, so she could knife a do his neck yeah but I mean that's like it's not like. You know that didn't accept our didn't. 2014 I mean like stuff like that is about what it always happened and, and then also you know, gives you like confidence, and it really is all you got to do. You know there was elementary middle and then high school and you know I feel like somewhere in junior high. You just had to have one fight and fight back and then it was like prison and everything I. Don't you know he's gonna be a problem and then they would just move on and the kids who never fought back its. They just have these horrible experiences. So I don't know I. Just you know it's just one of those things. You know as a parent, I guess what I meant is like now that you're, a parent you're thinking about things differently, possibly with kids and with your daughter I mean how is that changed? I would say I'm applying the things I always thought about, because for all these years of not being a parent, I would watch parents, you know dressing their kids in certain ways and I would just be like. How do you not see that that is that the [ __ ] that that kid's gonna get it all right? You know what I mean and it's just like for the love of God. Can you give them a fight or son of a [ __, ] yeah, so like yeah, I, I, think you when you grow up, you become one, you either completely forget your childhood or you have a pretty vivid memory of it and I. You know it's most. Most of my channel is positive. That's interesting observation, yeah I feel like I forgot most of it. That means it probably had a decent one. Right are the good forget. No, because I I had I had a no-good in a but I, don't know, I, don't I, don't know what the amount of psychologist but I just think like the people I talked to they either like remember everything right or it's just like dude. That was a long time ago. Man so I. Think if you don't remember, and then you have a kid you know, I wouldn't want I would rather be the kid of the parent that remembers right. So it's a yeah. How do you forget my mother said the funniest actually was kind of heartbreaking? She, you know my daughter's only a year and a half and she was going I just really enjoy these first three four years yeah she was really enjoying before they go to school. The other kids ruin him saddest things you ever said button and then I was thinking like. Why did she think I was ruined and I probably was on some level. That's interesting that she remembered that after all these years, well because I'm home from school yeah, but she's gonna send your kids to school with with people who have kids that they're not actively involved in their life yeah, and so then the kids acting out there, the kids on his way to becoming a problem, and then your kid sees that behavior starts to mimic it like I. You know, a lot of my friends obviously have kids that are older and they just oh yeah, oh yeah, like it's just kids that are just you know. The key is not to get mad at the kid you got to get mad at the parents. If you ever want to punch the kid you don't do that right, don't pop! You can punch the parent punch, the dog I'll, give you a t-shirt I just but yeah I mean I, say with dogs. Now, because we have a dog and we go to the dog park a lot and things like that and like it's always don't it's all about not always, but sometimes yeah, sometimes I mean I, don't know, because dogs I feel like there's just pure sweet Souls for the most part, and they have to be [, __, ] up kind of by the owner to be really dangerous. Animal. There's the dogs that nature says no to but people say yes to adorable, and then you like the mother, just that this inherently knows that there's something [ __ ] up with the dog, kicks it away and the things gonna starve to death and that's too heartbreaking as a human being in a dog lover to watch. So you give it the bottle and, like you know, then one day you see, it's got one red eye. You got the Terminator. Are you talking about like an adopted dog or like a getting a puppy? Cuz I feel like when you adopt a dog. You definitely throw the dice a little bit. You know, I had a rescue dog, so that was yet a pitbull right. That was my experience, yeah and we ended up having to find her a new home and fortunately it worked out, but she was human aggressive as they say, I spent thousands of dollars, trainers and all this type of thing I'm like my trainer and it ended up taking her and it really. It has been like the challenge. I, think of his dog wanna, be the trainer adopted. The dog yeah took incredible yeah yeah, as he Tad's he managed to tame the animal. Now he's been working with her for two years and she's over the first time in her life has another dog friend ah, but he was the one who said you know this is one of these dogs nature's said no to but people say yes, he goes I'm thinking that that's what it is, but she's an absolute she's, one of those people like if she was just abandoned again and then came in here and then met the three of us once she'd be all timid and when she saw that we were cool and we're gonna once you fed her and protecting her she loved you. Is she almost love too hard right right? So then, and then she be treating everybody else who came to me? Yeah like they were an axe murderer and we would just never I mean so I had all these things, I used to one of my buddies, uh Forest. We used to just go on hikes and, and it took forever and ever never never never, but he was really good with animals and she ended up accepting him and it was the longest you know and I had to do all like come back to the house and just just have him. You know, stop at the gate, and then it was a little bit behind the gate and then up to the front door and then and then those all the him walking in first and just any little thing could cause like a setback, and it was it was, you know it was emotionally draining yeah, yeah, so I mean and she yeah she ended up biting one of my friends. I always keep thinking that mom. When she raced at him there was a party. I should have kicked it because who said she was on like a hardwood floor. I want to knocked her down, you know, wasn't hurt, no. She barely because she hadn't done that before so. She did, but but how it works is at first they go to the feet. Then they go higher in each time. Is they build up and then it's fight and then grab and and it just you know, it's sort of like an escalating like alcoholic I mean I'm. Talking kind of you know, I, don't really know a lot of this stuff and there's be a bunch of people right now saying: okay, I just talked about what my experience. That's saying. I know everything about dogs so, but that's that's kind of I was afraid to adopt because you just never know what you're gonna get and I people give a [ __ ] because we bought we bought a dog we wanted. We wanted a purebred puppy or not a pure bet, but we really like the Maltese in the your keys. We just we have a friend who had to multi so and we really like them so we're like so wrong to get a Falcon got a Falcon. Let's go any Maltese I know: there's no Maltese, just a little fluffy white dog. Oh it's a little toy dog, New York! You watch yeah that you can pet, but we get so much [ __ ] for having bought a dog. But it's like you know you throw the dice when you you don't know what these dogs at the pound have been through. You know it's like I mean we're supposed to do just puppy mill ones. These dogs need to be bought. Somebody's got to take care of these dogs. I mean do you need to know what you're doing when you can get a rescue to train them right yeah for me, for me, it's my first dog, so I don't want to gamble too much, and but it's it's crazy. It feels like you like, when you're walking down the street with him before back Oh why'd, you get them and they like that. You didn't buy that dog. You it's like if you care that much sorry. This is something that bothers me. If you care that much about adopting dogs, how can you have a kid? You got to adopt kid right. There's kids out there that need a home. How dare you have a kid yeah of your own, if you're, not gonna, adopt first heard say: margin is basically a puppy mill. Yeah I'd agree with that. Thanks I got I got this man. My theory has been that if I, if I was in your situation, I would just annoy the [ __ ] out of people. I wouldn't have volunteer it. I got it at all. Yeah yeah purebred I mean yeah. It was like the least sickly. Looking one yeah I figured I'd get that one yeah I love it yeah. You just steer into it. I love that honey. That's why I was a yeah I was over in France and like I'm, trying to learn how to speak. French I haven't yeah been bad with it, but like when I go over there. You know if you stink, they just start speaking English and I was just like. Well, if I gotta, listen, the English you listening to my French right and I would just torture them with it, and I would not switch over and I'd be like I speak English and it's like I speak French. Okay, this is the situation way to do. Yeah. Well, so am I gonna because you know I lived in Israel with ela for five years and I succumbed because every time you know they're like oh, this idiot, American, I'm gonna, speak English to him and I succumbed I, didn't steer in I wish I steered it. You got it. You got to get into the comedy of it just yet what you remember their own language. It's really funny. It made me look at immigrants differently like but I. Guess that immigrants it's worse because they're actually staying you know what I mean right, I would be like. I would be like back then I'm gonna be there for ten days, I'm not trying to get employed. [, __, ] and I. Just have a good time. I know I had a great time a great time doing that I need to get a shirt that says: I bought this dog yeah, so you probably never spent much time at a dog park because there's a whole thing there, and but it sounds like your dog would have just gone on a rampage there. Probably she was alright initially, but then once she sort of bonded with us, then it became a problem. So no we stayed away from there and then then everybody else who watches like the dog whisperer in that and then they tried to be the guy he's right. Mr. atlas up yeah, everybody know where so many see if you would have stated that I did that for a while, like the magic was making that noise- and it's just like now, this guy's been. Does he even know anything I? Also wonder: does he just pretend like he knows and then we believe him? You know what I mean I, don't know, I mean you right. You really you're people I mean he's doing this, I mean how much? What does that do? Well, I, I. Think the guy knows what he's doing. Okay I mean he got a TV show, there's people he did buddy. He worked with a lot of famous people's dogs, know famous people got eaten by dogs, so I would say you know some level I think that's yeah you're, really cynical guy man. That is a lot for me to say that yeah but you're, not you know what you're, not as gonna close people. Think I, listen your podcast a lot and you are you're a very optimistic, fair guy. There's like a real fairness behind everything. You say: I am it's nice to be listened to. Everyone I mean serious. You know, he's the king, a rage, common, no I! Think that's because you know I used to be a redhead. You know before it left me, but I still have the red beard there's just something about like you. Can sort of openly say that redheads are the children of Satan and that's that's totally all good. It's all good kick a ginger day, all that [ __ ]. Does that bother you, though, like for real all the day? No it doesn't it just it's it's freeing because then I don't have to care about whatever you're crying about particularly white women, complaining about how difficult it is to live in the United States of America. This is hilarious right. You know, I mean I mean look if you some hillbilly living in a dirt trail, then yeah. Okay, hmm I would feel bad for you, but, like other than that, you have a you. Have you know pretty wry having red hair? No, no! It's just more like no. That red hair thing is it's a myth. Dude I did great dude when I was single. I did great, yes, well, I know it was definite. I know, I was funny. Girls, I did fine, but the [ __ ] thing that I was like over over the corner. I mean it sucked when I was growing up yeah. Definitely because it's like you got a bull's-eye on top of your head so but I feel, like you know, I always choking people. If I had like brown, hair, I wouldn't even be in this [ __ ] business, that's great, hmm, I, don't think money, yeah I think I would be, it might be. You know just doing some be a cog in a wheel somewhere yeah, then a dental, a dentist, possibly as your mother before you right, you were a dental assistant. Yes, that's interesting! Well, I mean it's not that interesting. It's interesting. If my dad wasn't a dentist right. Well, did you have ever plans like before you got into comedy? What point did you decide? You wanted to get a comedy when you were doing like Dental Assisting, or was that just kind of you always knew you wanted a job I needed a job and I gotten fired from this warehouse, because there was this, this fat guy, it was running. She was from the carpeted area right here used to come out. You know like the typical douche who, like just gets a little bit of power and it just I, don't know what it and then they just go pure evil. I, don't know what no you didn't go pure evil, but he just he just walked out there like he had accomplished something like I, don't know what, like here, like an astronaut sort of gate, the way he was walking, so he used to come out there and everybody would seem coming and then try to like work. Oh look at me cutting up the box and look at me. You know doing this. [ __, ] and I. Just I was like [ __ ], this guy, so I wouldn't do that. If anything I would I would step off the gas a little bit of it. Hey what's up man, damn I didn't do that. Where do you get the would you I like it was sabotage, feel like I have I feel like everyone wishes. They had that right there where you're, like you know what [ __ ] this guy I'm gonna work less I. Don't have that in me that had I loved that, but that has to be applied correctly right point. You need to work as a team plane crash. Maybe should go. This way. Lead me out of the woods but like not [, __ ], everyone, it's [, __ ], these guys that don't deserve my respect. Well, yeah, so I didn't work as hard and then I and I was due for a raise and then I asked for a raise and magically I got laid off yeah the economy was bad and I couldn't get a job and I needed. One of my dad was like well won't. You come work with me for a little bit and I did and it was. It was great because I got I got I worked with him for five years and oh wow and I got to sort of you know by not seeing with Dad just seeing him as a dentist, like I kind of got, to figure him out and understand him more. So it was a great thing and then also I learned. So much about you know, teeth and all the headaches that it can cause right. Ya know like I, don't think I'd still take x-rays cuz. They switched up the machinery so long ago, since when I did it, but I could still take impressions, poor him up I, still not the old school, where we tap on that vibrating thing to get all the rifles out of there's nothing worse, then, if there was a bomb because the bubble would always seem to go down to the bottom, so did another. One would always be right where the tooth was and then like the bubble, wouldn't take the employed, kill that impression that that part of it you talk about when you put like clay in someone's mouth yeah and then Adam can't just repour it because the the dunk shrinks and then you have to redo it, and if you had a gag er and you had to read it. I was a [ __, ] guy I puked at the dentist, when they took really well yeah I was a gag er. Man broke my heart, one of those bubbles popped in my mold ya know. There was just like I used to just what other kind of crazy [ __ ] you do. Is it you ever get in people's mouths or were you just on stam yeah it took out stitches and I was certified to take x-rays and yeah. I was about the extent of it. So when did that end, and did it end when you started doing comedy, no I was doing, I was doing, okay dates and I was, and it was hilarious. My dad you know back. Then he worked from 7:00 to 7:00. I never saw anybody, he was a 7 a.m. patient. He used to work on like like prisoners. People in the correctional thing cops, he would work out yeah. He like he was like a force of nature. Hmm like he did the work of three dentists, so I wanted to work with the other dentists because it was just like I could actually get a lunch. We stand, we stand, um people up, I'd, be numbing people up and then race out, while they were getting numb and just wolf down slice of pizza, oh you'd, be on your feet. The whole day is just like. No I got my work ethic. Both my parents work extremely hard and their whole lives. I mean they're older now so they're, retired and stuff, but like, but just watching how hard they worked and I think that that is one of the main reasons. Why I got this gig coming up in New York mm-hmm was, you know it was a combination of learning, that's what working is and then coming up in the Boston comedy scene were like what was considered killing there. You know what was considered just getting. The job done was killing in some of these other cities that I went to, but like there, so it was just laying grounds ya know they murdered. It was a guy, Kevin, Knox rest, his soul. He used to host the show and Patrice rest his soul. He used to say: Kevin doesn't host the show as much as he just like takes breaks from killing, so he would like murder and then you would get it. We used to compare it's like a giant wave. You get up there just try to ride it and- and he really took it personally, if you bombed on his show, because he felt like the crowd looked at him like keV, you [, __, ] us like who was that, like he took it personally responsible like he was the GM, putting together a championship team so, and we used to tell horror stories about having to follow what you have to follow his Star Trek bid or his drunk driving bid. They were just all they all murdered and so I yeah. It was probably you know that whole thing so I have a very low level of patience for people that dog it at their jobs and I. Don't give a [ __ ]. If you hate your job just going in there and just not doing a good job. It's just like it's just like then quit yeah, but like don't make everybody else around. You suffer like it's. It's kind of like it's [, __ ], like you, signed up to do this job. Do the [, __, ], job and and I really don't have any sympathy for people who don't work hard and you know and they're not getting where they want to be in life if you're, making an effort and you're still getting [ __ ] and that's like somebody I'll try to help out but like if you just like not putting in every minute yeah you're [, __ ] over the person you're currently working for and then ask him like where your brass ring is it's like well, I mean it's not how the world works. What is this you've probably heard this a lot that people say that dentists are like high rate of suicide. What is it is there? Something to that? Have you heard that I I think everybody heard that growing up, but I never knew what not true I've, never known one that killed himself so yeah did you [ __ ]? Well, it sounds like it was stressful, but not suicidal, yeah. Obviously yeah he never killed me yeah. You see. If that's what you're a yeah is this the Oprah part? Were you gonna try to get me to cry yeah well, I got enough, he taught about it. One night, yeah I, just thought. That was interesting thing. It's just one of those things you hear and you're just like accept it on face value like oh yeah, dentists, just salt they're, all killing themselves, yeah. There was all of those things and there was to think guy who put the pack of firecrackers and the kids back pocket and lit it and blew half his ass off and he never heard that one. These might be older ones before your guys time, but there was a there was he's. Think candies called pop rocks. Oh yeah I know the pop, so the thing was somebody swallowed, a whole bag and his stomach exploded and he died. Yeah, like all of those type writings existed so I, don't know what the new ones are all right. He was on his iPad and he fell asleep yeah and he burned his face. I'm sure trying to update the technology. That's a good one. I think that's true. Actually I heard that so, let's take a quick break. We're gonna go to a quick commercial break. We got a lot to get to. Am I coming back after the blow me back guys? Are you coming back after the break? I, certainly hope so as well stay tuned. Thank you to Dollar Shave Club for sponsoring this episode now. Have you guys seen pulp fiction? You know the scene at the end of that movie where he opens the briefcase and it's glowing gold and you don't know what's in it well, I finally do know. What's in it because Dollar Shave Club, look at this, you see the or look at these packs of one wipe Charlies. Oh my god. First of all, this has nothing to it. The copy read I just wanted to give my shout out. Oh man, I can't wait for that smell to be replaced with the putrid scent. My rotting [ __ ] got enough about that. Let's get thank you to Dollar Shave Club, because you guys already know. What's up, you got a look and feel and smell and have your [ __ ] smelling the very best they got it all boys. They got toothbrushes, toothpaste and, of course, razors and shaving butter. That's how I get ready you've got to get ready with Dollar Shave Club, because they've got the best products. You don't have to go to the freakin store, it's the most affordable, guys, I, don't know what we're missing, we're all guys right. No, oh, oh there's girls, -, guess what they also need to shave, yeah and brush their teeth yeah. So what are we all doing? They've got the answers right here: Dollar, Shave, Club, okay and right now you can get ready with an amazing deal on any one of their starter. Sets I recommend the daily essential starter set because I love the amber lavender body cleanser. Why do they make me say that, like I love all their pod, you don't. Why are you specifically? Are they well anyway? That one is amazing, their marketing team I just find it. Let's call it something specific yeah the lavender come on guys. I just thought. This is the one. It's the one wife Charlie all right, but you can't go wrong with any of them and that I do agree with head on over to dollarshaveclub.com / h3, to pick up your own Dollar Shave, Club starter set for just how much five frickin dollars on the table. Okay, give me a break after your starter, set product ship at regular price and make sure you check out their new video -. That's a dollar shave! I! Don't know what that video is mm-hmm. It could be something really obscene. Oh no I'm, probably not that's dollarshaveclub.com /h, 3 dollars, shave, club, comm, /h, 3, guys they got the best razors. They got the best [ __ ]. They got everything you freaking need. Five dollars on the table tried Dollar, Shave Club! Thank you to Mint Mobil for sponsoring us. I love this product, because phone lines are so effing expensive. It's ridiculous! I! Remember! When we lived in Israel and when we were dead broke, there was foam companies that were selling their product for like $10 a month and it saved our lot like it's actually saved our life. We were so broke and here, if you want to get a plan, it's like a hundred freaking dollars, it's insane. So that's what I'm so happy to see mint mobile because they are that disrupter. That's given a good service at a fair price. Okay, now I want to read this coffee they've got because it's hilarious they're, sending shots out to the world. The big and big wireless stands for a lot of things: big contracts, big bills and big fees. What's up now, shots fired like AT&amp;T s, new 800 million dollar administrative fee increase MIT mobile doesnt f around any of that [ __ ] cuz, guess what they cost just fifteen dollars a month, Wow, that's a game-changer dude. They make it so easy to cut your wireless bill down. All they do is send you this card in the mail and guess what you know. What that is it's SIM card, you plug it in your phone Bob's your uncle $15 a month, I'm telling you it changed my life when I had this opportunity in Israel choose between two five 10 gigabyte, 4G LTE plans, no more paying for unlimited data that you don't even need. Every plan comes with unlimited talk and text and if you're not 100%, satisfied mint mobile, has you covered with their 7-day back gear and teeth? Did you ditch your old wireless bill and start saving with mint mobile? Yet it's about time guys go right now, set up your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks. A month plus free shipping on your mint Mobile SIM card, go to mint mobile.com / h3, that is mint mobile cobs / h3 cut your wireless bill to $15 a month and get free shipping on your SIM card, guys mint, mobile.com, / h3, guys they are listening and they are watching- and this is not me, being paranoid they're out there lurking ready to steal your data right BAE. Who is they? If you need to know who's they they are already ahead of you. They, the government, the ISP, the people sitting at the airport, being like oh free airport, internet cool time to steal your passport, your credit card, they ela are all out there and they're preying on the weak Lambs of the world. That's why you need to get expressvpn you're, making online purchases or accessing your email and an unsecured network or even from home, because the highest P's can see everything you're, making a big mistake. Ok, you were being tracked. Expressvpn has easy-to-use app that runs seamlessly in the background of any computer phone or tablet. You turn on expressvpn protection. It takes one click boom protected, see you later, haters I was going to flip off the camera, but I thought. Maybe that's too obscene expressvpn secures and anonymizes your internet browsing history. Everything that's going on encrypts your data hide your public IP address. You are set to go, ok, forget about hentai, ok, we can live with hentai. The government doesn't care if you're watching head or whatever is even weirder than that. What I do care is that people don't get my credit card information, don't get my passport. Ok, this is the kind of things that are important to keep secure. I, don't want to be another stat and Facebook's advertising, gambit or Russian propaganda machine. Ok, protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months free at expressvpn, calm, /, a tree: that's expr, ESS, VPN, exp, ress, VPN, comm, /, h, 3, /, 3 months, free with a 1 year package visit, expressvpn, dot-com, / h3 to learn more. Thank you. We are back with the great great greatest Bilborough I do mean that I know it makes you uncomfortable it does. One great was bad enough, but you know that I like being appreciated, yeah, okay, just say Tony back with the person I appreciate. Oh really, yes, back with he worth the money. Okay, definitely worth the money, guys Madison, Square Garden. Yes, what was that November 7th in New York City head on over to bill bird comm, / events and I do want to say guys you all have Netflix. Everyone has Netflix, statistically half of Americans, maybe even more have Netflix. That's incredible right. That means that everybody should be watching. F is for faith. Is for family I say even more people have it considering how easy it is to steal somebody's right, so I don't care about that. That blows my mind. I mean I. Think that's like this. This gene, my level leave loss like it's yeah, but then we'll get them addicted to it, someday that relationships going to fail and they're only gonna be halfway through narcos and they have to see the ending and that's we're gonna get there, but that, but like they were so ahead of the game, because all these companies with passwords with access they're, so tight asked about it do be like. Oh, you can only log in to computers that wants Netflix going back a decade said no, everyone on the block, everybody you know can use your account and look at him now. Who's [, __, ], laughing, no I guess they are f, is for family guys check it out and laughing now. Yeah I want to show you some videos, ok, I thought I would lighten I, don't know if you're gonna like this one, this one I don't know say it was risky, but risky I, don't know we'll see what you think this is an old classic. You may have seen it you don't have to say anything. I just want you to enjoy it. Is that a move? You know this is us check us out. That was incredible. You want to do that again. That was like breakdancing right there. No that's a move, absolutely I think his face got kind of probably kind of roughed up I! Think that's absolutely a move! The face grind watch him watch. How control-d is the second you sliding on your face. You don't want to be your arms are gonna fly out right. He was just like well, they have a different center about nice, like Hawkins, not like Shh. If it's a move, then that's all. Let's just watch his arms watch his arms. He was pushing to to try to get another mean there extra foot that they're ahead of the game. Guys I want to see more of those well I've, never thought about it as it being a movie yeah. Once again, the great mind, that's appreciate so here I want to ask how nuts did the crowd go when he did, that I mean it's, something I got the gig. What are you gonna? Do? Alright I got plenty of little people all right, we're gonna. Do it in duck all right. I got what you finishing back the face slide yeah the face, Christ, whatever you want to call it on the deli face. Exactly so, I want to ask you about one of the great moments and you're one of my favorite moments in your career that I've always appreciated I. Don't even pop this up for reference for us. The audience I want to ask you about sherry berries, make section, so you had I'm just gonna catch him up. You had a advertiser called Sherry's berries and while you were reading the coffee, you just you couldn't hold it together, because my first time reading the copy yeah, it was just so homophobic and homoerotic at the same time that I just it was, it was so silly I couldn't we was actual cops and it's just so ridiculous. The premise like I've never heard anything like that being advertised, evidently they're delicious still still make covered yeah and they dropped me after a while. No, what happened was I had Harris Stanton was on and they was like. We have strawberries, you know drip, you know a dunked in white, we have, you know in dark, chocolates, I go and I've. Just jokingly said to him he's black I said how come the white chocolate comes before this? It was not riffing on the Klan or something and then I, don't know how I don't know. People who think there are strawberries are made by the Klan I, don't know what they was saying: right, yeah I'm, still sad, they left I loved, don't share. Yeah I mean dude. How many ads go viral I've been thinking about I've, never bought Sheree's bear well. They told me to take this down really and then on it. Cuz on the end, I said you guys better buy this [ __ ] cuz I'm in trouble, and then people bought it and then they quickly were smart enough to be like okay leave it up, leave it up. Then we had this really cool thing where I felt like cherries bear they get me it's we. We now know what happened. Somebody new came in, or maybe somebody saw a black Klansmen, the original cut of it right. You know before it came out now. What do you look or maybe I was gonna say we listened to it so many times it's like one of our well. So let me let me update the the audience here with a little sherry. Aries also have delicious products such as Christmas cake, pops, cheesecakes and dipped pretzels. Here's the only way to get this special 1999 Sherry's berries offer yeah, that's so much so did they I really just wanted to know? How did they react to that? But it sounds like at first they they reacted like you, Holly well, I. Have this thing on my pot: I never talked to the advertisers I'm never available and if, like yeah, either get what I do or you don't and I understand, I understand if you don't to be associated with her, my stupidity, but if you do I think I can help. You sell some stuff like the baby. Well, the thing is: is people can fast forward through the ads? So the show can't stop? Oh you got it. You got to do something right, yes, make it. One yeah I like on Howard Stern, I love when he burps during the wreath it just it always makes me laugh, and it always sounds like the same one like her. It's doing it but like I, it always makes me laugh whatever you. It's just something hilarious about somebody burping, while reading advertising so I actually look forward, look forward to his reads: I: look forward to Yuri's I love. Listening to your reads because, well let me ask you this: do do you get in trouble a lot when you do reads because a lot of your reads are like I was listening to your one of your recent podcasts you're talking about sports betting you're like I. Don't like I, don't [ __, ] sport because they make you say like words in your mouth yeah. Maybe like you bet, you win them like yeah, all you lose and your wife leaves you I mean it's this degrees there, but these sponsors get upset. No, no I! Think at this point that gets kind of been established. This is what he does, that it's done, yeah, so they'll just be like they like I, haven't lost an avatar I shouldn't say this, but I haven't lost one in about three months: four months yeah, so that's been active running, that's good! It's a good run. My favorite one I wish I could have the Hall of Fame of the one and done I'm trying to think who they were. The only one I could ever remember is naturebox and I. Think I know what I thought it was nature's box-like possessive. So I was like you're going down on mother nature yeah, but as you're laughing I read another three lines: a copy and you're getting information, and they just didn't see they didn't find the humor in it. Naturebox I think they went under actually yeah most stupid. They just was ringing, we weren't, we failed them, they're, bringing you a banana and it's just like well I mean I. Could [ __ ] can't do this yourself like what they were offering was an axe yeah? What's next? Yes, the next snack you taking it wait five seconds out of your day. You can probably do this yourself, you ever get asked for make goods. When you do ads. What do you mean like? If I screw? They say they say you got to do another one for free because you messed up the first one. I, don't recall anybody ever talking to me in that tone. They don't you guys, you good. Ah you got a big. Is me free because no one is still living yeah. So let me tell you someone we get the [ __ ], all the time. I! Don't get this I! Don't get that respect! You don't get what I don't get that respect people ask me for me. Get again. Oh I know there was didn't know this condition that I've screwed up but I said there's a buffer between me and them yeah. So I love that so Andrew who runs will be like yeah. Listen these guys they were a little upset about just [, __ ]. Read it again, so I got a cold reading, so I it, but I don't get the whole. Whatever sit down. Mafia sit down that you get so you did get him. Read it again! I, don't know you don't even know his bus, yeah ignorant. No I am ignorant, but you don't I'm but I'm smart enough to know that you don't talk to you after it's, like I, didn't get in a podcast thing to do of a [, __ ] a conference call with you, [ __, ], guys talking about this shirt, you're trying to sell it. Well, I get it it's a shirt. No! You wrote what you're gonna say just like I, don't want to listen. You guys, like you're, just trying to fill up your day, so many people in those [ __ ] corporations, they're just trying to justify their desk yeah then reach the hole, I hate when the conference call ends, and then you hear this voice that you haven't heard hole call, and it's like you were afraid that everyone was gonna, hang up and you didn't say yeah so now you're in a panic mode. So then they just throw something out there and you have to address it like it's a legitimate comment when it isn't it's just like you know, you go through a lot of those because you went from being working kind of day, jobs to doing comedy, full-time I presume barely do them anymore, but I used to that's what I used to do when I had conference calls on scripts or anything. What I would do would I would put the phone on speaker and I would throw it to the other side of the bed and then I would listen if she got video I would literally lay on the bed like with my arm across my eyes, and I would just wait for people to stop talking then I just be like you know, it sounds good all right, so I, don't know why I can watch so many hours of sports, yet I can't even I can't even like I can't handle more than if they drive me insane. Well, I like texting yeah, almost you don't eat phone, calling some on the phone. It's almost like Anna same thing. To do these tech rude, it's like tip! What, unless you have some sort of intimate relationship right, you know, I mean if I call it you loads, it's important. What happened if I call you the if I thought, if I caught you at a chitchat, what did you do? That'd be weird jail if ela called me, I was like hey how you doing I'm like okay, what what is it? You know what I mean like what I feel like since we've we had the kid my wife finds me calling her know it's annoying, because she either is in the middle of a [, __ ] storm or she finally got a break and then Mike dumb ass is gonna, be super market just like I. Just I wanted to tell you about this, make good we got and I think I need to remove myself, because it's actually drove me crazy. It was funny, though they said, I said when I was doing a copy. Read, get your free trial for $5, but what was written was 495 and they said you have to do it again for free, because you said five dollars instead of 495, you should have just said well, I'm, not doing that we did and they said, okay, yeah they're, bluffing they're holding nothing. Yet you have to do it again for free, no I know, but no, it is totally a game of being it's that, but it's better because you went higher so then, oh, my god, I just saved a nickel I love this body exactly it's a twist. Yeah, you know if you said, like you know, for 50, and then they find out it's for 95. Then they have a 45. So now it's now we got a problem on hand. Okay, yeah! Now you have a conference call now chime in on that. How do you as a fan of your podcast the Monday morning? Podcast everybody who's, not listening the money, more podcast. Please do because it is my favorite. How do you prepare for that podcast because you sit down you talk and I swear to god. It's like you're doing material, but yeah I know you're just talking, but like I, always wonder how do you prepare? Do you prepare it all for your podcast? I Andrew sends me the advertising yeah I copy, the producer, yep I copy and paste it, and then he sends me the questions for the week. I copy and paste that and I stick it under the ads. I, never broken down. My whole game thing, my game, film and then what I do is I'll just write, Pat's game. You know topics big feet, blah blah whatever and then I just start talking and if it's not going well I go to the list. If it goes great, I, barely look at the list and all of a sudden I look down and I've done like a half hour and haven't even done the read yet I know that the question is one I'm gonna take like 20 minutes or so and yeah. That's, basically how I do it now, but through when you're going throughout the week in between podcasts? Do you take notes of [ __ ]? You want to talk about or do you sit down? You're like oh I. Remember that I want to talk about that. No, like I, decide on topics as I just sit down and I just thought and I'm, just like [ __ ]. What happened to me I know something happened like you know the anecdote about, like you were, making a sandwich and the lady was. She asked for a special thing and the lady was just like no, oh, my god, but which was so funny, but I would remember cuz. You know what I hated about the guy was, he was, he was on like his tiptoes watching I were at a bagel and if visualize yeah, he wanted butter on him, and you know it's a [ __ ] Airport yeah and they got like the little the little. You know a little conveyer belt thing and they sent it through nice. He was just sitting there like like a meerkat right and- and he was just annoying me- cuz I've had that job. It's just like. We just met him, make the thing and be done with it, and he just say: oh, could you could you just put the butter on it? I would just put the butter and she was just like she was like a grizzled vet. She was like what can you just I just wanted? Can you can you put the butter on it now? You know before I got dredgers, she goes the butters over there. He goes. No, no I was just hoping. Can you spread it now so like cuz? It's still warm I want it to be melted. Can you do that? She just goes now. I love that, like half a cigarette hanging out, what do you want is a ham and cheese but I. Guess that that memory was you, you have a good memory, I think, because I don't think I would have held on to even even something that precious but you've always got I mean you do it twice a week to if there's a lot of time to fill, but you you somehow capture these memories and retell it in a way that you know I got it. You italic clip my favorite a little bit uh on my podcast is because I'm making, my wife laugh, which is my favorite thing, is the greatest cutest and thank you. I can be adorable. I told her. This story of I first told the story of watching this old guy wipe out on a scooter sliding on his face, and then it reminded me of this time. I saw this guy. This guy in Griffith, Park, was in street clothes and went down the steepest hill and wiped out and I was telling the story. It was like a Sherry's berry thing that it started making me laugh and then my wife started laughing, and you know that story that listening heard her laugh and that's why we got married that that whole story about the chemistry and that whole thing like I, listen, you know, I, listen, I, go back and I, listen to that like once a year and now I feel lucky that I know that's somebody that has like she's as funny as most comedians I know, and she has an incredible sense of humor and it's kind of uh. It was yeah. It was just something that you know someone like me being a lunatic I needed. Someone like that. That could laugh that hard. It's somebody falling off me by the way well she's in the business she worked on. Chappelle's Show, but she did I was on season two. She was on season actors or no. She was what was she on? That I forget what she was on that one, but on tough crowds when I met her. She was a talent coordinator, but she also was an actor he's. A better actor than I. Am every bit is funny so she's like one of those people that is so good at everything it's trying to figure out. You know what which direction to go in where I am a one-trick pony. That's not true! If you really look at if you look close yeah. If you look at the credit wow this guy's great, give me a break. Yeah I played Frank Murphy who's a loud screaming, jackass I do say: Bob screaming jackass I. Do my podcast out in the movie driving over here loud screaming, jackass you're playing? Yes! So why CDC yeah a CDC say no three courts, but seriously the movie does seem to not to be a departure from the loud screaming jackass, which movie the one that's going on frontrunner. Oh my god, yeah I mean you get a look. I saw from the trailers, not that much information, but you seem to be playing a very sincere detective. So I understand that role, I'm playing a reporter Oh, your report. Okay, who works for the maderas, who mysteriously still possesses my Boston accent, cue, grant well I. Think it's gonna get nominated for an Oscar like in between takes is speaking like us, he's Australian, that's what it talks like and then, and actually there's these [ __ ] Gary Hart. That blows my mind that amazing I probably shouldn't it's, because, as opposed to me, who just memorizes lines and tries to make it sound, believable, well, I can't wait. That movie looks really good it really. When I saw the trailer, it's amazing and I have to start learning everybody else's name in it, because I was only on it for and with a limited amount of actors, because everybody just crushes it as punching. You know to me: they're, kids, I'm 50, so their own in their 20s and 30s and I was just like you know. I could was kind of watching go like here's. The next batch, like these men and women, are gonna, be be doing stuff, so I'm very happy for all of those people. Are you it's hard to tell from the trailer, but is it a major role in the film or is it more of a like kind of secondary character? More like a fourteenth okay, okay, okay, all right yeah! Do you want to ask them more movies? You seem to enjoy it. I love, I, know, I, don't know I! Really it's it's weird! Now that I have a kid, but I learned on that, one that the next time I'm just gonna, rent the place and bring my wife and kid nice it's doing to way. That was yeah. That was hot! Oh my god. My kid today was coolest thing ever like she occasionally now speaks and we'll do two words. You know she's not shy or anything like that, so she had to get one of her shots today and she's been over there a bunch of times. So she knows so. She got other doctors and she was like you know, getting all nervous like a dog go to the vet, so you know shoot into a little cute little thigh and like she's sitting there and she shot her and you know, gave her this shot and she starts crying and she goes okay, it's over in the sheet when she said. Yes, she looked at the nurse. She goes. Oh done. Five five like broke my heart and I was proud that she said three words and she totally communicated like right. Yeah. Oh, it seems like you're in love with your daughter hearing. You talk about her on the podcast. Well, you're, pretty perceptive! Listen more than that! Okay, because again you're this character. You gush you gush over your daughter, not everyone! Gushes did your dad gush over you, I mean I was too little ya know my dad was my dad actually at worked it at work. That's when I learned, like oh, my god, yeah he really likes us. When he came home. He wasn't cracking the whip that make you're doing your studies. Well, why not? You know is that [ __ ], you also had a zillion kids, so I mean yeah, really how many siblings give I don't know dude the Internet's too [ __ ], weird, to give out all that information. Oh you don't even want to say how many because you're afraid that it was yeah. My all be my you're talking about it is anybody can have this out. I'm, honest dude, like there's yeah, no yeah, this [ __ ] lunatics out there, okay, well off the air off the year, geez I love how surprised he is geez. Well, I mentioned the amazing people. Okay, know what I gotta do. What you have to do is just consistently lie and change name. I do have friends that do that I. Don't think I'm smart enough to do that, but I have friends who are you to Vern approach that they're front-facing persona, that everyone knows them by their name and everything is a complete fabrication. Yeah and they're. Brilliant I wish I thought about that, because that we've had creepy people coming to our house. They probably the same [ __ ]. That created a lot of this spyware, [ __ ] like if you already think of that, or they just said, or they are smart, you know but yeah if I could mom I could never do it all over again because of what I do I need social media. But if I wasn't you know a performer if I was a manager or anything like that, I would have a website, but I would not be on social media at all. Interesting yeah, all right know. What, on my part, tell me about all things. Comedy I, don't know you say: I'm, nervous, I'm, sweating, I'm, just gonna. Let you sit I know you. Are you? Don't you gotta push through the other side? No touching. If you were a leaver on the other team, I'd come out and check you for Vaseline or something punched. Your hair, a little too many times, he's doctoring the ball. I regroup, mmm, you being in that and having a kid. We have been trying to have a kid and the longer it takes. We also kind of second a question. The whole thing like. Should we have a kid? It's awesome. It's one of the few things that truly lives up to the hype. All these years are being lied to about these summertime movies. It's awesome and you know what do I know I'm only a year and a half in so my year-and-a-half experience has been incredible and the only advice I would give. You is don't listen to 90% of other parents, because for some reason they take a joy out of trying to ruin the experience. Oh you wait. This is your first one everything's gonna change, no more drinking! Oh my god guys leave now it's they just hang you with all this dread and I always thought I was just kind of like you sound like a terrible father like you, don't sound like you're enjoying it. Well, why didn't you say all that positive stuff? You can't you don't mean like that's just it's just how people just like to complain and they like knowing [, __, ] yeah, exactly so like pass on the knowledge yeah it's just like, but in an annoying way, ya know like uber the optimist, I'm telling ya -, you know I I'm I am not what people think I want to ask you about all things. Comet you've got what what is all things comedy? Is it a production company? Is it a podcasting? Network I mean this? Is a company? That's everything! It's ever! It's everything it's first. It started off. We you know years ago we were watching the whole podcast thing exploding and then watching what always happens like the artists, creative scene, mm-hm and then the business man comes in as I. Okay, here's the deal, I'm gonna wrangle, all this up, I'm gonna own it but you're gonna get all this info. Sure you're gonna have to tap dance for the rest of your night and I'm gonna have a [, __ ] yacht in five years right. So we're like well, why? What's stopping us at this point? The technology had come about where you could actually start your own thing and there was podcast networks out there where they were doing this thing, where they owned a percentage o of it. Yeah well, I owned your podcast support. Well, and everybody going do, don't you don't have to give that away, but, like you see that kind of stuff on YouTube a lot - right, but a lot of people from my generation. You know weird, like a prison kind of thing. You were institutionalized, but you just saw I can't own anything. I need you go -, bigger thing: it's like no dude! You have your own TV right here, your own channel, so we tried to do more of a co-op where everybody owns the thing owns their podcast and that yeah. So that's basically and we all hype each other's projects or Z's, one of the guys, our network network from the Diversey effect podcast when he had his first comedy CD, come out. We all tweeted about it at the same time and he put out a great album and that came together and he went number one on iTunes and bough. Both the United States and in Canada as an unknown at that point, and now we just produced a stand-up special for him for Comedy, Central and Comedy Central has bought three more hours from us, so we're going to produce so now and now we kind of get to pick people that we like these, these guys, men and women that we think are hilarious so and so then you know I'm, currently writing a movie, and you know we recently partnered with soap box films, and you know you know I'm writing with somebody who isn't with all things county. But if he like said we're, gonna drive it through there and just kind of build this thing up and and the whole thing was, you know to do this trying to do it. The right way was was quite a task, but we just we just don't. We wanted to have comedians to have a frigging rail light that they could go to where everybody wasn't just trying. You know to [ __ ] you over, like on like on specials and stuff, like this [ __ ]. That goes down really that yeah, the stuff that goes down you mean, like slices of the pie, going in all different directions, like people having side deals with networks that suck or going out of business. You know that's something that we ran into and it's just like: hey every special you bring us to you, you get you get 60 grand. So then, all of a sudden, this 60 grand is now going to tell you hey, go to this [ __ ] Network, instead of like yeah Netflix, or something where it's going to be seen, yeah and it's just like like yeah, that's only the tip of the iceberg and then, like you, know, expenses and all this right, all this stuff and like sky-high expenses with no accountability. Yes, all of that type! Well, the thing was, you know back in the day it was like. You know: I swear to god. There were some people that literally had like inside people like TMZ, has at the airports to say you know what celebrities are going through like they would literally have incite people to network and they would figure out what your budget was, because you get in business with a production company and you'd be like what can you shoot this for it's like well, how much money you guys I'm, gonna, [, __ ], tell you that and they would somehow I swear to God like if you had a million dollars, they'd be like we did the budget is you mean like 999 thousand uh, and then, if you had like nine bucks to be like its, we $8.99 like they? Are they always like vacuumed up everything, but that final [ __ ] eight percent? And then you know that they went out and they shot the thing for like 70 yeah like not even probably whatever, whatever the number was yeah and they just skimmed this just took it not skim and dude. They took a giant [, __ ] shovel out of there all right, and you know that's the one thing that they only like that. The one thing that has been really disappointing getting into the business world because I know it's not just the business that I am but just the level you say the business world. You mean own an accordion and oh just because entertainment business has a bad rap, but it's just straight across the board, the the level of just unabashed, stealing that happens in business and they justify it. No, no. They they sleep like babies, yeah it's it's so rampant that I, don't even I. Don't understand people that, like steal, like you like anybody, if you're a thief like you, should be working towards getting on the legal side of stealing, because there's probably more stealing on the legal side of socially [ __ ], and now you don't have to hide the car, it's all above board or whatever, and she say you know, you see things like Lord of the Rings it gross like how many billions of dollars yeah like the director had to like sue like better Jackson sued that day, you didn't pay him they're right. They were saying they were not in in profit and it's a routine thing like I'm, letting you know right now move it is. It is a routine experience to be in one side of what are these big conglomerates pitching the sequel? Well, while in the other side of the building in the legal department, you're suing them for nothing, the first that is so fun yeah and just like I'm auditing and all of it all of that with what they have. This [ __ ] I've, seen I've been through these clauses. We're, like you, can audit us and if there's less than a 5% discrepancy, you have to pay for it. Five is good: I usually get like 12. How do you? How do you [ __ ] up paying me 12% yeah? So and then? Oh, it's accounting, its numbers yeah. Then you have to pay for the audit you uh, so they kind of gave themselves a license to steal exactly exact. That's all that means. Okay. I saw my first constants. What we legally owe you, but we're gonna write this in. So we can steal this and then, if they're, really greedy they'll actually go like beyond it. No there there are some well, they have nothing to lose cloaking characters out there yeah the first time I saw that clause. I was like okay, so I have a 5% discrepancy, which bit means you're gonna take five more than you there, and that is considered being difficult. If you say that my yeah, that's the which to me, means what difficult difficult to steal from yeah all the time, cuz yeah in YouTube in the beginning, there was so much of that going on and we would not let it slide on us so I. Remember they had this thing where, if any of your videos get flagged, then you dumb, [, __ ] can take your revenue yeah. You can't what I said you don't get the advertisements. I said: oh, so you don't run the ad. No, we still run it well, then he [ __ ] gets it taking it. What it yes! So what is some I would have a whole team of people at YouTube just flag and [ __ ]. There are that's what they do. Confidence like that I'm dealing with this [ __ ], all the time. What happens is if you're, a copyright, holder and I mention you like. We have a video just talking about something and I mention a clip right. Maybe I show it for a split second, so they've got people, probably just some interns low-level grunts that just claim it and they get the money. It's so and they make so much money like that because they just mass and do it. You know my thing is when they're in the meeting and they present doing that they presented like they're on a good mission like you guys, aren't there and they're basically presented a how they're going you're on a crusade to protect their copyright. Yeah, that's what they yeah. We have to protect our copyright because there's all these pirates online, stealing content and we're standing up for ourselves. No but I'm saying like if they feel like what you said was offensive to somebody. They would flag it like and [ __ ], oh yeah, then I [, __ ], it's just like that's gonna, be every clip yeah, it's frustrating but yeah it's! It can be really frustrating, especially when you spend like a whole week working on a video, because that's a lot of youtubers will post like one video a week right and then all of a sudden, some [ __ ], is just like mine. That's my money now how like, because they quite they'll claim it may be. You showed some of their work and there's a fair use, which means that you're allowed by us copper on talking about ripping people off I'm. Just talking about you put up your own original content, yeah I'm talking about you! No! No! It's it's original content, but you. If we talk about something like like in a news way or react or talking or criticizing, you know sue, you can do yeah, but you up, but then you have to get that rep out there, that you do that. If this is the bullying thing again, like I know, don't [ __ ] with the h3 podcast man, these guys know suey, it's not worth the headache. We've been for you pretty big on you, one yeah, that's great when's! The movie coming out. Man wasn't feel good at the time, but it was uh. You know, I, don't give a [ __ ] if they were recovering from that. But I'm sure this is what goes on in show. Biz is is well I, don't know what goes IQ straight across all business yeah, almost war there's no way down to the business of a stand-up special. That's like the people that are always. You know with the shovel, not skimming shoveling money out. There's such [ __, ], rich, just so rich. All the time too, and it's like they just cannot be fair. I, don't know yeah, that's the thing like I I just wish. I could talk to him and just like ask them well I mean I'm, you know I'm, not a perfect person. I mean that's just you know where I [ __ ] up in other areas of my life. Maybe this is just their thing, but I I, just you know: [ __ ], some! You know college kid out of the money on his on his page, I, don't know, or some new comic on a special and so anyways that so this. Basically, that's why we started. You know all things comedy and now it's just grown into this thing. We you know we're gonna produce. Some TV shows we're starting to sign some deals and that's awesome. Yeah and it's those are like a management. Uh know you represent them. No, no, we're the conglomerate yeah! We like a production. You can also, like you know whatever you would want to do the soap box, films they they literally and it's a it's a union yeah. They edited like the Muppet movies and all of them. These guys can handle any [, __ ] idea that I ever have in there. So, while all the comics are I love I mean you got, you have so much talent there and your YouTube channels, amazing, a love actually we're doing. Something's burnin burnin, oh yeah, blinks, burking, yeah, Bert, Bert, Bert crushes. Why I'm here he told me he goes yeah be less Bert such a sweetheart. Do you watch youtube videos at all? Yeah I love. You too really um I, like lions, killing hyenas. It always annoys me that they [ __ ] come over and they take this [ __ ], you know and then the Lions end up in the tree. You know justice my own idea: what animal just I watch a lot of musicians, videos like nobody's doing drum, covers of songs and maybe I'll watch them. Maybe I'll learn something you don't follow. Youtubers I feel like there's two types of people, there's like people that cuz there's so much great stuff on YouTube like tutorials and documentaries and stuff. You learn I watch that [ __ ] I, don't get it like. You don't annoys me. The worst is when there's like say something happens like okay, so you were showing me that clip or whatever the the the little fellow there slide known as me. Right, yes, the face grind. So it's just like it'll just say little person, epic face grind right, and then it comes on and all of a sudden, this guy, okay you're, not gonna [ __ ], face like- and it's like this isn't even your [ __ ] content and like there's so many and O's yeah, so I'm sure I haven't seen the good ones because there's an art form to all of it, but I always just feel like. It's always like you know, eyebrows up super high energy. Then he starts the show right for now watch this I mean it's like someone who doesn't want to tell a [ __ ] story, and if the thing should be over in like 30 seconds and now, I got to sit through [ __ ]. Three minutes of your [ __ ], that is kind of a meme on YouTube, was like the tutorials, where you're like okay, I'm gonna, show you how to use Photoshop and then like 10 minutes, 20 seconds in mm-hmm after describing this whole life story, he gets to the point. No, you know it's the worst that was expert village. Oh, you all made a video about extra I love, expert village. Don't you bet you've been around the worst excitability reason you brought them: they were the [ __ ] I want to show you some of my favorite I was playing guitar named Jojo for expert village Accio, and it was always wrong. Well, I, always stuck in it, because any expert village was a phenomenon I loved it. We made one of my most cherished videos about. No one was an expert exactly nobody wasn't that they were its tutorials about like how to make a cheese melt and put it in the microwave for two seconds and that's the long wait. I got to show you how to flirt just I hate it and then they they were like they were like you couldn't get away from him for a while here like go to a search and show you some all them. You mention expert village, I. Think it's important to bring. You show you what's up here. Okay, look at this guy now I've! Now this video I love because look how much dead air there is. Okay! Well, it's not that's! Not! He and he'll get blamed. That's not his fault. Well, either way they uploaded I mean they could have cut it for Christ's sake. It is his fault, because I think they make the video and then they submit it to expert village, and then expert village puts it up. So here we go to size. The lighting, with your shadow on the back Walter, look at that you're getting seduced hi. This is all we got sound, oh I'm, the social dynamics instructor and on behalf of expert. If I kept a girl at a bar I, don't flirt with the girl, picking up women in bars and clubs flirting, what is it mmm? The basics of flirting is to convey through certain ideas and emotions that you, like someone else, hmm and hopefully that the other person likes you back now, who are the best florists in the world, they're actually little kids. Now? Why is that one of the one thing they have the best imaginations? I was already feeling you know: sexiest people in the world, little kids, Fanbox and they're, talking about some fantastic place that they can go put themselves in a place. That's just the two of them in their own special world, using their imagination. Also little kids are. How do you do that as an adult they're really date, rape drug get her drowsy way, but you gotta get to the? What? What do you want? Michelle? Oh we're news. Like the eyeball thing, it's just it's kind of a long words. If I see a girl with blue eyes, I might say wow your your eyes are like blueberries. Wait can I, actually actually I'm kind of hungry can I can I. Have that's one thing you could go into? Oh that always bad I. Stick my fingers in your eye, not even so hot yeah. You know who are the sexes. You know where the mess of law yeah. These are. The guys are like blueberries. Blueberries was the wrong word yeah good good, but then you start doing the little into the carrot. I feel really welcome to squash your [ __ ] eyes. Look at these are their experts anyway, love expert village. Have you Misha, hey you remember this lady I'm asking about this I like I like your hands. You like this remember this lady, no I've known of the fail videos, the woman stepping on the grapes and that was balls off yeah. That was just somebody. Never you know wind knocked out of him before so she didn't notice, stop talking. You know, I used to hear that on Howard Stern, all the time and I never know. What's from and I thought it was felt like a crazy orgy. Sound like I, never knew, and then, when I saw him I got. Obviously I got a pulled up now. She's smashing grapes right grape, lady ric flair. Videos- here you go this! Is it right here? These buckets are filled with grapes. What kind of great these are filled with Chambertin grapes and the winner this Saturday, you stomps, the most juice will actually win an overnight stay. Yours go along you're, running dry, yeah that banana crepe [ __ ]. That balls there's extra steps, though 19 million bits I mean it is kind of one of that's things ever lie the stomping grapes, gonna juice, it it's competitive because you get a overnight stay going on here, I, just it's alive. It's just up on that platform. That woman is that soundbite man I love it. You can't beat it. You remember this lady. If you talked about her I didn't play enough, but I want to show you I want to remind you of this. This great lasers, like your hands, the handler like to say that my hands look good naked. They are really just the perfect neutral toned hand. So this she's, the homonymous, it's very even I, say just keep petting her yeah yeah yeah, this creepy dude you much creepy [ __, ] wow. This is good. You know that stuff that we've made videos about you're, very protective. Was it going on I want to ask you about this? This is one of the first times I heard about you. I was in college I. Think at the time it was when you were getting booed by thousands of people. I was like when you said my favorite um, two videos like Oh God, not the Philly thing again, and then you did the sharise berries. I was like I love this podcast now I hate you. What can I do? I love that you've you've talked about this a lot probably more than the grape lady I didn't realize. No, but I go ahead. Let's know it well now like makes it get bit I like making. Well what am I saw. What am I yeah right and now? What do you want me to be? Well? What was going through your head bill when you I, don't remember it was what was going through your head, I'm kidding. This is this is live. This is gonna end up on, YouTube was what I was what I was thinking and because everything else on the tour was ending up on YouTube, so that yeah I guess that's what was going so no I think I thought that afterwards I'm like well, that's gonna be embarrassing, because I didn't know how people are gonna. Take it I thought people just say: oh you got booed, you [ __, ], stink and blah blah I didn't know that people were gonna, find it funny. Fortunately they did. You did kind of win the audience over. Did you feel that, while you're on the stage or was it just like these people hate my guts the whole time cuz? It was no I just thought it was a complete failure. Mmm I have no idea and uh well, I, don't know how many of our fans have seen it. I've got to pull up a clip. Oh go ahead, good god! We should skip this. No, no go ahead. Boys just skip I should have been more of I should've been a better sport, no you're, a good sport. You do anything you're being authentic. You look you're at that thing. Now this is just gonna now. This is the kind of thing that somebody who buys a dog does right. Yeah really get me deep down, get down to the family. Now this is just gonna, be about me being uncomfortable, showing you this video I. Imagine there's a bunch of comments, though. Now go now [ __ ] you, the Eagles, beat the Patriots I would think that there'd be a bunch of that. Someone needs to animate this two years ago, but the video quality is [. __ ] weird like it anyway, yeah I'm. Sorry, you guys, but for me that was when I first heard about you was that a big moment in your career? Like did you get a lot of recognition because it kind of went viral back then I mean that's the first timer to you, yeah one I got I got a you know, respect from other comedians, which was probably the thing that I remember most, but as far as like people coming out to the comedy clubs to see I, don't think that that happened, I guy the reason I when I started drawing on the road was because I did a I did a half-hour on HBO and I was sitting in for Jim Norton on the Opie and Anthony show because he was doing lucky Louie at the time when Louie CK was at HBO, so I kind of had those two things hit at one time and then so I was able to kind of get the coasts in Oh name mark, not not the south, but sort of I had the East Coast and then I had like San Francisco I could do well. In and then open it they they they were good right through, like Cleveland so and then Opie and Anthony also would run like you know they. You know they didn't have the budget at X, M I think it was back then to pay us for our appearances on the show. So they would let us literally cut commercials about where we were gonna be, and they were really funny, and it was, you know, is one of the cool like it was really cool that they did that, and it was a major reason why you know all of us started selling tickets, so I really moved that show I really do. How did the comedian's react because I remember some guy tried to Yankee offstage towards the end. He was like a how about the the next comedian that happen. I, don't even remember that here, I got it I got it thought you've seen it so many times. Why would I want to relive that? What else we had a headache for like two days after really really well, you were really stressed out afterwards about it. I was I, remember walking around New York the next day. Looking at people thinking of insults, it was not a fear. Was it wasn't a wholesome experience now you're getting booed by 10,000 people, so you just kind of get in that fight-or-flight mode, so of skills, ducking that I remember, riding home with Robert Kelly that night it was late and being nervous about like that it was coming out. He goes -. Do you realize what the [ __ ] happened tonight? You just told the whole city of Philadelphia to go. [ __, ] themselves, yeah and I was sitting there going like man when that [ __ ] hits you - tomorrow. Everyone's gonna laugh at me and just be like all. You got moving stats. See that to me is interesting because when I watch that I'm like this is on [ __, ] fire yeah and he's authentic, and it must feel incredible to tell 10,000 people to go [ __ ] themselves and like the most poetic way, it felt good to do it, but I I, the perception of it when I left was what I was I was worried about I mean I was wasn't, had just started: selling tickets in places and then all of a sudden there's this clip and then it's gonna live forever on the internet. Out of me getting booed and this there's stuff up there of comics having bad sets and it didn't help them and I'm thinking like mm-hmm, that's gonna happen. For me, I mean it's. How do you get booed and it helps your career I'm out of fighting well--there's in this case that did but I mean I didn't have any reference to that. Oh you get out of the [ __ ] business, so I was worried if people were going to understand the kind of crowd that I was in front of haven't said that, like I love, Philly crowds and I was love the city and I'm happy. You know it sucked that my team lost to him, but I was really happy for them that they can finally got a Super Bowl. Oh well, I loved that moment. I loved everything you do. The great great is I turn it around. Where are you uncomfortable now? You [ __ ] cop I, almost made it through, though myself I got so close. Are you talking I had a great time. I did - I really did I hope you did I'm worried about you. I did I'm playing it up all right, but I play trying to be funny, but we are all worried about. It live for right. Just looking at Dawg guys, he'll always happen, he's a great one. Bottom I bought them from ml by the way yeah, and you said, I appreciate what you people do here at this well Instagram photo. Do you got to do that? You stare at it with the receipt area me fitted the puppy mill? You can't believe how many dogs they have here. Oh by the way it was kind of I, was surprised when I went to the puppy mill. It was a nice wholesome experience, the guy he really cared about the dogs. The dogs who didn't know you were coming or did I gave my call any that yeah. You were coming well, people popped in while we were there, you think they're, just like unchain, like you, didn't see the bait dogs and all that [ __ ]. Actually it was a. It was more of a breeder than like a mall yeah, like a puppy in a shredded newspapers situation. How many dogs are there only two like the one that we got and another one sold out? No more inventory there you go. You know they're, outlawed puppy, mills in California or not cow in la la. You can't sell puppies in Los Angeles. You have to go to Thousand, Oaks or Orange County. How about that didn't know that all right? That's amazing I wondered why at the Beverly Center that pet store went away yes and I thought it was because of people reacting to that somebody. They don't care about the fish that are in there, though huh yeah, the gerbils and all those other things that used to be free yeah. We only care about dogs. It is true what dogs need something cuz. They took the wolf out of them, so they need somebody to kind of help. Move along. My dog would not last a day, no, not even an hour on his own. You would never see when they take the fangs out of a Cobra. No I mean I know they doesn't know that. So it's still like doing all that [ __ ]! Well, that's how they do you never see that one with a baby just goes up and grabs the snake they like, they did a thing where they like I, don't know they sewed its [ __ ] mouth shut. It was a loose brutal yeah, but the first time you see you see this baby crawling up to a cobra you and you're like freaking out, and then they just it's like grabbing on to it and the Cobras like basically like head-butting. It's like the most aggressive way, it's hot. Well, that's a bad lesson for a baby by the way don't play with snakes yeah. You would think that would be the direction. You don't know man, you know like they somehow guys you know get pregnant right. Is that he's supposed to say it? You get pregnant like you're, a seahorse right just yet just steer them away from the snakes. Have them respect the snake, respect the snakes Bella. Thank you. You little [ __ ]. This is my house I'm running stuff, so I want to thank bill. Berg guys go to billboard.com, slash events, he's playing at Madison, Square, Garden, November, 7th I'm excited for you, I'm thrilled, it's gonna be a great show. Everyone get out there if you've got Netflix, which I know you do. If you don't have it your dad, your girlfriend, somebody has got it for Christ's sake. Watch f is for family season, one or two threes coming out soon. Yes, and of course, and thank you to Wild West Vince Vaughn, Peter, Billingsley, Mike, Price, Victoria Vaughn, everybody that helps me Netflix and mmm. Everybody helps me. Do the show cuz I think this is gonna, be our best season going on it, of course, yeah. It's all good stuff cool, so guys. Thank you so much for watching. Look at the camera to you. They don't think they can see you we show be show bill. Thank you guys. So much for watching we'll see you on Friday. For top of the week, we got a lot to talk about and kill. Tony I, don't know if you're acquainted with those sweet guys are gonna, be here on season. Two I know those get very very funny. Gentlemen, good people, good people, yeah all right. What are you gonna say? Tony, you are the greatest greatest comedian I, do it to everybody and I? Don't I swear to God I? Don't. But you know what I'm telling man I would either count. I'm gonna, say: I appreciate you time, let's hone it all the way down: he'll Tony, I love his car. Okay. Well, now, I'm curious. What it's this car club will talk about: yeah yeah, it's not Tuesday, okay, cool! We don't we don't. The great billboard doesn't have time for that. All right, bye, guys, thanks for watching. Thanks for watching [Music] [Music], you.