Okay, count you in five four three, two hello everybody and welcome to the h3 podcast experience, also known as the correct opinions. Own disagree with the opinions here. Take a you might want to think twice, because these are infallible highly uninformed and 100% correct. All the time couldn't possibly be wrong, yet it's not an option. It's not not in this cell with me, is the beautiful, talented and very blue ela Klein round of applause, what else and a CEO, yeah and CEO. Of course thank you to today's sponsors, kaptara equipped and the undies, and for all of our loyal fans and listeners. There is a new h3 h3 video out on our channel h3h3 productions, so I hope you enjoy that check it out. Please enjoy it. Today, we've got a lot to get to I've got a new mic. How do I sound today? We've got the Shane Jake documentary I want to talk a little bit about that. Bill Cosby has started a new sitcom in which he goes to prison, which is a really I'm really looking forward to that's on NBC premieres. This fall at 8 p.m. looking forward to Bill Cosby goes to prison. We've also got Drake and Millie Bobby Brown have been raising eyebrows with their salacious I feel like that's over the top interesting relationship and much much more. Oh welcome everybody to the h3 podcast experience all right. Thanks for coming everyone, we really we got the best. We got the best stuff here to talk about so from the top Shane and Jake Shane Dawson is the king of YouTube yeah. These past couple of I want pretty crazy, he's been kind of the king of YouTube for like past year or something, but these whole documentary and series have just been over the over the top. Like. Can you pull up his channel I want to show you the views that got there, but right now he has just come out with a Jake Paul documentary called inside the mind of Jake Paul when he tries to understand really what's going on with that guy and I'm intrigued. Let's see a little is here, look look at all of his recent views. Why does that look so low-quality? Is that just part of the thing 16 million 14 million 18, 24 million I mean this is just this is average yeah? This is insane. This is like new level [ __ ]. So anyway, his new documentary about Jake falls out. Look at this I loved this Jake's response to part. One was number two trending with 2.2 million views in two days and Shane's video, with 10 million views in one day wasn't on trending I, don't damn what the hell? What's the logic? How do you trend Jake, Paul's response, video I, don't know why can they just fix the trending page? It's like it's just, not a trending page, it's not, and if it is curated, why do they keep training Jake Paul yeah? If there's really no good explanation for why this would be there, not that one, it literally is counterintuitive yeah their response. Isn't what's trending, it's the topic itself, it's just it's it's maddening, but regardless they took the crutch of it. Is that he's trying to see if Jake Paul's a sociopath and I personally, don't think that Jake Paul's a sociopath I mean that's a tall claim? But then it takes this twist. Where he's like? Well, maybe he's a brother Logan is the sociopath and it's about him living in the shadow of his brother, which is a really interesting twist and I definitely can see that I could see that yeah I can see that for sure. So I am looking forward to seeing how this series unveils, but there was by the way I think Logan was blindsided by the whole thing, because Jake and his video was like I knew it was about sociopathy and he's like I'm, not a sociopath so come make. This documentary about me he's like it's gonna, be a good PR for me, [ __ ], the Logan I think was blindsided that he was all the sudden coming under the magnifying lens and he just tweeted out this morning. This I really didn't want to, but I feel compelled to give my thoughts on Shane series, this far Blair and then Shane actually responded a surprise extended finale, which is a shame, really don't give a [ __ ] he's ready, but anyway the really intriguing thing for me and I am I. Am the I'm intrigued. You know I'm I'm glued to the set here. In fact, Shane has given a lot of youtubers hope kind of with how his channel just turns second yeah. Well for a long time, he was a guy that just taste-tested fast food yeah and they did it for so long. I, don't know what he was doing before that that was probably he did like sketches and she had I, don't know he's not. He has two channels he's been kind of like been around forever and doing all kinds of different content, but he was like just eating food for a long yeah, but he likes it slugged through it found his voice yeah, and he really he's got this second wind. That's unbelievable! It's really cool I, really like the style of the document. Innovative! It's fresh. It's really well edit yeah I, don't know who's editing that I'm sure Shane is probably sitting there a lot with editor, but then editing, yeah, absolutely bananas. He wears the same shirt in every video I. Don't think so! Well, I, don't know if it's the same, sir, but either that or he's like Doug funny and he's got like you know you never done but he's like and we're doing named outfit every day and but then there's a episode where he walks in the closet, and he just has like morning same outfit. He wears the same shirt. God bless his soul, you know but hey, but there was one moment here that really broke my heart. There was a moment in the new episode that really broke my heart as a fan as a call I want to say colleague, but maybe an associate, you could say as who's had him here, a guest on our podcast yeah. It really broke my heart, so here it is I'm really gonna talk about this. If you notice anything here, I've gotta, miss the time stamp for Christ's sake, see if you notice anything here. Okay, as he's talking about this okay, listen closely, my friends you're all gonna. Really. This is really upsetting podcast on a podcast, damn no we're smitten Shane breaking my heart: Shane you're breakin! My heart go and watch podcast on a podcast Shane family. This is my godfather impression. What family you come in my house. You sit across the table from me. What I could no respect to disrespect you so much. They you come on a podcast. We, you have a podcast. In my mind, it sounds like a perfect Italian Godfather impression spot on. She never gets the family and you breaking my heart. No, it's half Russian! She you're breaking my heart on a podcast. Anyway, god bless him. I'm not upset I just thought it was funny. I just thought it was a funny opportunity to do my well traveled. Well, seasoned Godfather, not one in the pocket for a while here at the office, yeah I'm working on that eye, Godfather accent for a long time. So did you change your mind by jakub or anything? No I never thought I kind of always suspected that Jake deep down isn't a bad guy. Mm-Hmm I had that impression when I sat here with him and I thought, you know, because I I had a conversation with him outside off-camera and I was like dude. Tell me straight good. We were walking to the bathroom together and I was like, and this was during their heyday when they were really competitive. I was like tell me: hey yeah, do you? How are you guys cuz? It seems really toxic and he's, and he said honestly, it's really bad. We honestly really hate each other. You know he told me that in complete earnestness, off-camera in the hallway he's like it's really bad honestly, you can tell that they're complete competitive. Its mentality is real. Well, apparently, Logan, actually really [ __ ] Jake's ex-girlfriend, like for real and then made like a diss track about it. But Jake was like dude like like act like I know, that's like good for views, but that actually really hurts my feelings. Mm-Hmm. You know like these guys are [ __ ] twisted yeah, but apparently Jake actually gets into a lot of this stuff. So I'm looking for that. But if you can hit me with that music one more time, Shane I bring you one here. We talk, we sit across the tip. This is getting better Shane. What I bring you here you sit across the table. For me, we talk. We have a good time. What do I do Heelys give me the crickets moving on Bill Cosby, there's a new sitcom coming up on NBC, which is a really ballsy play on their part. Bill Cosby goes to prison for sexual assault. I was like wow, that's a really edgy idea. Wait hold on it's, not a sitcom Bill Cosby in handcuffs after getting over three years in prison for 2004 rape, wait I thought this. Oh man I thought it was just a sitcom yeah. Welcome to Papa's house aka prison. The clink is that crazy at the same wait, handcuffs dude, it is the weirdest timeline. Can we just reflect on the fact that 81 year, old, Bill Cosby worth four hundred million dollars, mm-hmm America's, most beloved entertainer jell-o, eaten coke sip and Bill Cosby is going up just America I was like yeah it's going to prison at 81 years old for rape. That's the weirdest timeline imaginable mm-hmm, oh, my god. He was convicted in April of drugging and sexually assaulting Andre constand, who testified that Cosby violated her at his Pennsylvania home in 2004. After she came to him for career advice, she was sentenced to 3 to 10 years for sexual assault. He has to register as a sex offender he's classified as a sexually violent predator online and they need to inform all their neighbors that a sexually violent predator lives in the area. That's a lifetime registration, although I, don't think his life is gonna, be that much longer 81 in prison he's in general population -. A lot of people are like. Oh he's, gonna get preferential treatment, listen to this he's in general population and he's so famous. You know what they're doing, because when he talks to his wife in prison, they have speaker, phones and, like everyone around can hear. Oh, is that yeah, it's all monitored, cuz, it's a [, __ ] prison. You know, I mean they always in the movies, so everyone can hear yeah, okay near or if you're the police, if you're working there you're listening to what they're talking about yeah and so people are paying, they want to know everything he's talking about with his wife. What saw all these tabloids are publishing everything he's talking about with his wife. They can do that. Well, that's how they found out I mean prop no I'm sure it's probably illegal, but people are getting paid. Here's some of the anecdotes that came out of those phone conversations in a phone call with his wife Cosby recounted that a hot dog bun was thrown at his face. Cosby, who is legally blind, said he fell down a flight of stairs because he wasn't being guided and was without his cane, which was apparently taken away along with his shoelaces by correctional officers over fears that he may harm himself. Cosby told his wife grabbed the checkbook and hire anyone and everyone who could get him out as soon as possible. This [ __ ] worth 400 million bucks and that money cannot save him. This article says he said: I think I'll harm myself. No, the officials think he'll harm himself, I mean Oh, Cosby tells wife officials, oh he. He told his wife, though officials think I'll harm myself, because they took away his cane and his shoelaces as I. Understand this normal hmm. But god damn can you imagine you're just like in prison and you're like oh, it's Bill, Cosby, no, hey, Bill, oh and here's another great one. His first meal in prison, vanilla pudding, you put the pudding and the you put the hot dog mud in the face of the pudding at the mouth, really showing off your impressions is the impression experienced agency, [, __, ] profession, experience Hey, but che. How could he do this? To me? You put the pudding you came here. I gave you pudding if you said a podcast. How am I doing impression? 10 anime, crossovers right there, so I think it's so pathetic. So weird people are throwing hot dog buns at his face like like that's, maybe the biggest fall from grace of all time. Like Shakespeare, the Greek mythology have stories of from king. To peasant I mean this is a literal story of being Bill, Cosby, beloved, powerful, rich beyond imagination to inmates throwing hot dog stale hot dog buns at your face. Well, the guy was a [ __, ], prolific predator yeah. The stories of what that guy did. It was really remark. I mean really astounding stuff actually have some clips. This one is really incredible: it's a clip of from his old show, The Cosby, Show beloved by all, where he talks about he's, doing a barbecue and he's like, and his wife was like, isn't it so nice how everyone's getting along after their fighting? And he goes hey it's it's. The secret is my barbecue sauce she's, like oh you're, kidding, he's like oh dead serious and he like doesn't smile. His face is like deadpan, he's sinister sounding and he continues. He goes. Oh no I'm dead, serious! You ever noticed when you have my barbecue sauce, that everyone gets happier and gets a little too fondly I'm dead, serious and, and he continues and she goes stop it and and- and you almost feel, like she's being creeped out but I flew this she's like stop. It he's like no I'm serious I've got the clip I'd like to show you yeah, let's watch it and then at the end of the clip, the kids are eating the barbecue and he comes and takes it away from them real fast implying that they're that it is not a joke, and so here let me let me I mean this [ __ ] is unbelievable. It really is truly something be Bill. Cosby special Biba Q saw so wonder if he was. This is definitely anecdotal from his real life outside the show watch his face after when it kicks in, they get all she's like Thunder hitter I got a cup of it. I said you see that breathing right now. Oh my god. What's that, isn't that [ __ ] insane weird I mean wow? How is that? Like family content, you know I think it was just like wacky at the time, but that the actual insignia context well even the context at the time is that he's put a drug in the bar I mean there's no other way to they haven't worked anything out for themselves. It's all my barbecue sauce he's seen. Oh stop it. Oh I'm, stopping anything! In fact, I got a big bucket of barbecue sauce in the room. Are you coming up or do I have to force you, and so somebody, of course I'm some genius? His name is yet God made a edit that I'd like to share with you guys that really captures the moment more accurately. I would say it certainly is nice to see them work things out for themselves, pick up the laugh track for them. So it's frankly not disturbing. It's a threat. Look! How we look at his body like yeah I've got a cup of it. I saw this was a scene for like a horror. It worries like a serial killer or something yeah. I would be surprised if I played this in court during his trial yo, we got a sound bite. The lawyer said, like you know, in every joke, there's a little bit of truth right, exactly yeah I think that's a good legal argument. Yeah we got a sound bite. Some of these barbecue sauce clips I feel like these have perpetual use. I [Music] love this barbecue sauce, [Music] Laura, we're I'm telling you that what is this Chris? Yes, that was courtesy of heat God. Actually you know what I don't know how long the stores been uh been in the news, but this is eight years old. Sorry, I'm, literally dyslexic out dyslexia, doubt three years old. Actually, you know what I did I cut the eight in half in my mind, because it's three half of eight, like literally, if you cut it in half, you see a three yeah, so you completed the three I completed the three in my mind. I know it's really incredible stuff. Is it not pretty nuts? You know I'm gonna say this to you whenever I want to get it on no you're, not you're, like the barbecue sauce, I said why don't you go on upstairs cream? You know barbecue sauce, so I said it's a new meaning of lube it up. You know you want to go on. It's all the sauce you seen feeling a little sleepy, a little uh unconscious a little uh amnesia you're. It's all on the sauce play some creepy music guys but yeah, it's all in the sauce you seen. You know you feeling a little sleepy, a little amnesia gonna lay down close your eyes. Forget it all happen. You're kidding right on the sauce: oh no, no Tom, the sauce I guess we have no creepy music. Oh I feel like the moments gone good enough. All the sauce welcome to Papa's house yeah, that's a man that knows how to saw some pie all in the sauce for him till now. Let's all give praise by the way to Hannibal Buress whoo yeah whoo by the way. Let's all remember that Hannibal did this explosive standup several years ago. Somebody just filmed it on our own everything right. It wasn't on Comedy, Central or anything. He was just at a nightclub and somebody filmed it on the phone and put it online and it made headlines because built because Hannibal was like [ __ ] Bill Cosby always tell him black people. What to do from like I from like up yeah Pat is still always being like what black people need. The bootstrap themselves up, like me, he's like he's a [ __, ], rapist yeah. That was the first time I I, never I, didn't know, though he was like seriously go Google Bill, Cosby Reagan's and see what you find, and that was the catalyst that started this whole thing here. Let's watch that that would also start me too. Anyway, probably I think I mean that was really a prolific, not prolific, but it was a monumental. It may have yeah yeah Hannibal [Music]. You have a great women, Gaza yeah, that's crazy, that he broke that and a great joke too, but yeah shocking at the time people of wives. Well, that's a ballsy claim to make about anyone publicly to be like. Oh yeah, but you great people, it's like what can't really say that wow, that's incredible: [Music], [Laughter], okay, this one stand up: yeah and yeah. That's really incredible stuff! So shout out the aníbal goddamn! Well, let's throw it to a break. We will be right back after these messages from me out of my mouth aunt from the sponsors on a paper through my mouth to you, we keep them fresh. We keep them funny. We keep them exciting, so you're not going to want to skip it, because it's really fun and exciting, really entertaining copy reads, we'll be back after that to talk about Drake, creeping on Millie, Bobbie Brown, some Papa, John updates, and so much more so please stay with us on the h3 podcast, fully enlightened, shade experience. Thank you to kaptara for sponsoring us we're all bound to face unexpected hurdles at work. Don't let finding the right software be one of them. 2019 is quickly approaching and you do not have time for unexpected hurdles to derail you all right. Captain is a website that organizes all the software. You need to get the job done. They got a free ebook, for you called the big book of free software. Would you Ben download for free at kaptara down, slash h3 cap tear comb is a free resource to help you find the software you need for your business and with helpful information on over 300 different software tools. There big book, free software, I set big. You look really big can help. You find a completely free tool to test today and it's absolutely free. So you won't have to ask your boss for a penny. I can tell you right now. These guys ask me for a penny. F no I say go to kaptara. It's free their day. You to ask me for money: yeah Ian's, a good kid I, like whether you're looking for a new project management tool, recruiting soft warning, email, marketing solution, cap tears, big book of free software has got something for you visit kaptara com, / h3 today to get your free copy of the big book of software. That's kaptara, Capt er, a.com, slash h3 kaptara coms like Ashley. Now many people say that Jesus was nailed at the cross, but actually he was never nailed to the cross. That's revising of history. What he was nailed to was the forum, because it is that profound people think that even for the cross and suffering and pain, but actually the truth was that he took the two quips apart and dual brushed his mouth up to heaven, an eternal bliss, because this is the best toothbrush you will ever put in your mouth. Now, here's the deal it vibrates. It tells you when to switch sides. It helps you keep your dirty disgusting, mouth kissable and fresh and clean. Take it from me. I went to the dentist for cleaning. In the first time. In three years, I said dentist: I come out of here, everytime clean as a whistle he looked at me in the eyes he says: well, let's see, check, check, check and he fists bumped me. The dentist fist bump me because my mouth is that clean I can endorse this product. This is only toothbrush, I'll use. It's got the softest bristles in the game. It's a lecture to make sure you get the best brush possible. I keeps track, I mean. What more do you need to say? I endorsed this product, I love this product, and it can be yours right now for just $25. You go try to buy an electric toothbrush at this caliber for $25, get out of town you're, not gonna, find it for less than $2,000. That's an exaggeration but they're very expensive go to get quick, dot-com / h3 right now and get your first refill pack free of a quick electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at get clip comm, /, h3, GE, t qu, IP, dot-com, /, kobe h3, no copy nope. Obviously it's just get equipped. Comm / h3! You guys know that. I love me undies, because it is the softest most luxurious underwear on the market today, you're using those nasty old cotton underwear that you've been using for 10 years that your parents bought you when you went off to college and you saw them I got new underwear. Well, now is the time. Let me show you how comfortable me undies. Is this whole time I've been sitting having a mega wedgie sitting comfortably with this shove up my balls and my ass, and that's how soft and luxurious and flexible and breathable it is that I could sit here during a mega wedgie and not even you know, cover your breasts. No, yes, I can you know I mean I'm fine with that. So that's a real-time demonstration and I. Don't think you need any I think the coffee speaks for it. I, don't need to say anything else, but I will cuz they're gonna make they make me do that membership they've got a new membership plan, guys members pay less for everything on the Mandie's website and special member pression. That means, if you want a second pair me undies, a bralette or lounge pants you'll pay less than any one. Membership comes with no strings attached. You can switch styles skip the month or cancel anytime guys. You know, I love these underwear. They come with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. So if you don't love them, you send them back. They incinerate them and you get a full refund guys. As simple as that, we've got an offer for our listeners. Mandy's got a great offer for first-time purchasers when you purchase any me on these. You get 15% off and free shipping as a no-brainer folks get 15% off a pair of the most comfortable underwear. You'll ever give yourself an atomic wedgie all the way up to your nipples folks. That's right! Do you get 15% off your first pair free shipping and one 90% satisfaction guaranteed, go to me on DS, dot-com /h, three folks, that is me on DS dot-com. It's allow h3 welcome back guys thanks for sticking around I hope. You had a great time during that commercial break, which we try our best to keep fresh and exciting every time. By the way. What do you guys think of a little preview of -, the new hoodie? This is part of the winter collection right next year. Oh, this is next year we're going on 2019, wait I thought well, at any rate new logo, the tf3 yeah. Let me actually let me know what you guys think about it. I [, __ ] love this, and this is amazing. We have a new manufacturer who's like crushing it. What this stuff, I'm I'm, I love it I love it. Yes, ela Rock. He was been working super hard on all this stuff and it's really nice to see it all. Coming to fruition. You have to work like a year ahead of time, yeah and that's like impossible, so we're trying to catch up now right, so we're trying to work all on all 2019 yeah, and it's like how it were well. The ideal plan now for next winter, yeah I, know it's crazy thing, but I want you've been working so hard. You and and Eva works closely with - we have - Teddy fresh employees that are and they're really having a great thing and I mean this I love this and I love the new logo. We worked really hard trying to concept some new logos. We wanted like a like a strong branding element that wasn't a teddy bear. Yeah amazing I wanted to not always have to use the teddy bear and have something more graphic right, like yeah yeah you've got to it's like you got it, but that I don't know. This is a home run and I love how the um the hoodie has like the inverted colors and lay is different, color, so cool. Are you also wearing our shorts? Oh yeah, Ethan Drake, 31 years old, hip-hop mega superstar, Drake milli, Bobby, Brown, yeah, 11, really famous 11 from strands of things 14 years old, it turns out that they are I, don't not know, really not um they're, not wrens, yeah and I find it interesting. Not only you know, yeah well and for good reason, I think, because I find it now. First of all, now it's speaking as a 33 year old band, I'm close to Drake an age. How old is he 31? Okay? Now? What purpose? What value would you get out of texting a 14 year old girl, I'm, not really sure, not much I'm, not really sure I know I can't say, but then when when she goes on to describe their relationship, I not only raised one eyebrow I raised both of my eyebrows at first I heard about it, because I think he invited her to a show and there was like a picture of them together and it was all cool. It was cleared that he's a fan of her yeah, which you know who is not like it. She's like such a badass on the show. Yes and she was a fan of him, so all good yeah, but then now it's like well. She did these interviews where she's getting into details of like we text and we talked, and he says that I miss you so much and I tell him I miss him and I. Imagine him him him at home. Being like you know, and there's another one where she's like I met him at a hotel, I think we went out for dinner and then we were hanging out every night for three days and now we text each other all the time and we love each other and I'm. Just like whoa and he's giving her advice on like boys and dating yeah and he's just got to be at home. Being like all I'm saying, is Drake be careful because Papa's house not says not, we don't need another. We didn't welcome to Papa Sam Papa's house. Don't need another inmate. Let's watch some of these videos. This is the first video that came out of her talking about him. Let me throw this out. This is a little excerpt of the video for you. Gosh he's not my crash. Okay, let me get let say he's like a brother brother I met Drake in an Australian hotel, I was touring and he was touring too and he I want to say his managers just came up to my dad and said: trach loves the show come to a show tonight and I was like. Oh, my goodness, and my dad honestly, he was on t-mobile I was on the French t-mobile trying to get us Wi-Fi for Australia. He was like I, don't know who Drake is I was like. Are you joking me Drake? He wants to see me and I was like okay, we're going so I like got my outfit prepared, it went there and- and he was such a fanboy and I- was such a fangirl that we honestly we text all the time now. He helps me with everything like just life. Lessons he's amazing, he's a great human being, and we went to dinner afterwards and we had dinner the next day and then we met in Sydney hotline bling' is one of my favorites or the part where she goes. We met for dinner and then we kept meeting for dinner texting all the time. Texting all the time. I mean again. It's just I feel like from her perspective, I see why she doesn't think it's weird. You know girl, yeah and she thinks she's. A dolt like you know at that, like I, know everything at 14 yeah, and she definitely has that err. She's, a sweet girl, she's amazing, but you can tell she thinks well she's very mature, 14 year old, too yeah, but being 30 years old being 31 and from our perspective it looks really weird I spend closer in age to 3. Do you love me? Are you writing? Do you have a cell next to Cosby? Do you love me yeah, and so anyway, that's part one! Okay, that's fine! Kiki! Are you fourteen? Do you love me? Do you have a prison cell next to Cosby? So that's part, one welcome to Papa's house. Here's part two, this one, just I! Guess what about your relationship with Drake. Tell me about that. People are such Stooges, these uh red carpet, [ __, ], interviews, yeah. They, like don't bat an eye and they're like oh yeah. Tell me about your relationship with drink. Tell me about your friendship. How did this all come about? I love, him I met him in Australia and he's honestly so fantastic and a great friend and a great a great role model. You know we text, we just text each other the other day and he was like I miss you so much cause. We can miss you more he's coming how innocent and immature she is burst him you, you cannot as a 31 year old man text, a fourteen-year-old girl, that's not related to you. I miss you so much mm-hmm cannot and the fact that she doesn't understand that so little that even her saying that doesn't look weird um, no she's, she I think she even made like a statement about it really. Just like you guys, can't tell me who gonna be my friend sure just stop making it awkward. Okay, but that's why I'm saying I don't think she can understand at her age how weird it is. No, no yeah, I agree. Yeah I thought you know yeah. What can I say? A lot of people say: he's grooming, her mm-hmm, that's just such a weird state. I, don't know that long-term. What is group basically, what it means is that like he's preparing her or when she turns 18 so that he can legally hit it, that's gonna, be apparently four years of dedication led yeah, allegedly he's done that with a some kind of 16 year old girl he and was Ian's the keeper of culture, knowledge, but I don't want mixed up, but allegedly- and this is from a secondhand report- but there was some 60 girl he met when she was 16 and when she turned 18 they started dating. Really, you know allegedly and I may be false. So again take everything. I, say here as pure fact and not speculate them. Keke. Are you riding? Are you 14 welcome to Papa's house? The other wrinkle in all of this is like people are saying he's just helping her out because he was a child star, -, all right, okay, you know what I mean. That's that's sweet, that's a sweet angle, yeah what'd. She say. Let me finish. This scientist I'm, definitely gonna, go and see him I'm, so excited yeah, you and Drake. What advice does he give you like? What is these contributions? Gonna, go there there's a dam. We talked about oh [, __ ]. Why do you gotta go there? We always talk about boy. This is like all right here, so she said why you got to make a lovely friendship. Your headline, you guys, are weird for real I'm lucky to have people in business, expand yeah. She I mean again. Like you said she just she yeah, like you said you you know. Thank you sweating, but that the child star angle is is a valid defense. You know and I'm not accusing the guy of anything. It's just a lot, but you know, but it's hard to explain the him texting her I miss you very much yeah she's like and he initiated it. She was like he texted me out of the blue I miss you very much and I was like I miss you too I was just reciprocating. Kiki are you fourteen? Are you riding get some quaaludes in that jello and let's get barbecue sauce head on upstairs all right? Well, there you have it Drake and Millie Bobby Brown. Next up, we've got stories for days. Folks. This is the h3 podcast experience. We've got stories for days. We've got the best stories. People there's my Trump impression. Now we've got the best stories, people the best. Okay, you come here once you do a Trump impression. This show is really gone: I'm, not on ready size, Hill, I'm, just doing an impression. Listen, we've got the best stores. People I got the hand motion right, we've got the believe me. We've got the best stores. Believe me doing, a Trump impression is like there's so many bad ones. Unlike mine, the handma. It's a really fun impression because of all this, this show has really gone downhill. Yeah well, along with everything else, believe believe me, the h3 podcast. Believe me, the h3 podcast is the best. Okay they've got the best stories. The best people taken from it. Okay, I, would know trust me it's the best was that good I mean. Obviously the voice part is good. Jimmy Fallon's Colbert has by far the worst. I cannot stand Colbert's the Trump impression, mostly because he thinks it's so good and he talks so slow. Oh I was slow, it's like, oh, my god. It's like dude, like I, think he talks like this. His interests are good, but then the impressions are so it just slows the show down yeah. He could he talks like this. Believe me, the show is the best I. Don't know. That's. Actually the best impression you've done so far is of Colbert doing Trump yeah. My sleep I just need like three layers of separation from the source. That's good anyway. Let's get the [ __ ] on with it papa yeah. Is it the house in an effort to distance themselves dude by the way Papa John's? The company isn't like it, so mutiny I've been watching the show the profit yeah, so the property here this is gonna, make sense in the end follow with me the profit is this guy Marcus, Lamoni lemonis and he's like this business guru and what he does is he goes and invests in company and helps them become profitable. He sees the potential in them, but the business owners aren't really they're just [ __, ] dumb. It's like Nathan for you and but real reality right and the problem is like. Usually, the the companies have an interesting product or interesting market share, or something like that that he can work with, but the owner is always just like just so [ __ ] stupid, like it's really a lot of common-sense stuff he's like alright, so you guys I see you profited half a million dollars last year, but somehow you still lost $300,000 in debt and the owners like yeah well I bought a $300,000 truck to help promote yeah or something like that. Oh that's, a true! That's a real one! Yeah are there like he's got this big, like truck staying outside of their office. He's like well, it's a half, a million dollar truck I got a big discount on Marcus is like you, gotta sell the truck dude. Well, I didn't sign up for that. A breakdown yeah I didn't sign up for that or it's always like man. It's always like this is a really common one. He goes and talks to all the employees and they're all amazing and super hard-working, and there yeah he's never here. He just how ever comes here. The owner. He just never comes here, he's not involved at all. Oh he's like okay, so I need you to come to work five times a week. Oh I did well. I did sign up for that. Okay, it's always the same dumb [, __ ] funny show well anyway. My favorite episodes is when it becomes a full-on mutiny, and it's so juicy. So he comes in at the request of the owner and the owner. Such a buffoon he's so incompetent that he makes a pact with the employees and they all turn against the owner, who called him and asked him, and then he gets all defensive because, like often he'll give equity to the employees and then it's like and then they're always like you [ __ ], you you're, not my boss, anymore son, like Nick I hate you. They actually have conversations like that and it's so good. The owner will come in and he's like I, don't like how you doing this whatever and then the employee who now has equity will say well, you're, not my boss, [ __ ], you Marcus comes in he's like well yeah he's right, [, __ ], you you suck and then they always go like well. It's my company and I'm gonna run it the way I am and the Marcus is like. Well, you wrote it the way you are, then this business is gonna, be out of you're gonna, be closing the doors in two days because you don't know how to run a business, and it's so great. So that's what's happening to Papa John, there's a full-on mutiny at Papa John's. He has been outed. His face is off all of the branding. Remember Papa John built this company. He it is all up its [ __, ] name right, but now it's Steve papa Steve's house welcome to Papa Steve's house, so they're removing his face. Even at the headquarters, they're doing a huge makeover at the headquarters where they're removing his face off the wall. It's not worth the money they're spending on all this well they're betting. Well, they must be hurting okay, they're in like full panic mode and so they're even gone as far as to remove the apostrophe from Papa John's Papa, John's international filed paperwork about the new spelling and brand imagery with the US Patent and Trademark Office in late August. Removing the possessive, apostrophe and Papa John's would, in theory, provide a more distance between the company and its founder. So it doesn't look like he owns the business, that is the dumbest [ __ ] name. So it's Papa John's, wait out and impress, but it doesn't make sense. It's an it's a possessive. Yes, his name is Papa John. So what is the s indicator? The basic grammar that I dunno not grammatically, correct yeah. He was she's fluent in English and knows so anyway. The apostrophe is out the face is out and they have released this heart-wrenching really powerful movie. No, it's not put this down the Papa, John I, know and love by the way they are also removing the better ingredients. Better pizza, I read: that's a classic whoa! You know I by the way, guys it's just not that [ __, ], serious you're selling pies well anyway, save that because they made this ad that they posted on their Twitter and it's like a whole campaign about like we're. So sorry we are so disappointed. We have to do better and it's like the saddest, most emotional [, __ ] ever and I would like to play that for you. Now, with your permission, actually, I don't need your permission. You have no control over the show, but I hope you all enjoy. So they come compiled a bunch of tweets that they got. You know I, wonder if it's really hurting their business or they or they're freaking out, because they're getting like social media backlash well, the easiest way is to look at their stock value. Papa, Jones I mean people who looks like their I mean it looks pretty well actually into the five days. Is okay, hang on. Let me open this up so here this is the one year graph you guys can see. It looks like they took a big hit recently on the Papa. Okay, let's go to five years: let's just get oh yeah. They took a big hit. Let's go max! Here's, let's see the historical data here. Okay, that's not that helpful. Let's go five years, so you can see do one year, one year, yeah yeah. They took a big hit from papa from Papa John, but they're, climbing back and I. Think yeah I guess see it's hard to know if it's from their efforts or people are just over it and they want people. They just want pizza. You know but they're like no, it's the apostrophe. They like that apostrophe genius. We made a billion dollars I, just looked it up and I see an article that says it was from the beginning of August that their sales overall nationally was down seven percent. Okay, like I mean that is significant. I mean it's not as much as I expected. No yeah, it's not a huge difference, but it's okay, superior I agree just like their pizza. Anyway. Here we go. We heard you Papa, John's I am so disappointed in this company I'll. Never order from you again. So it's like all this tweet Papa John's I'd rather have frozen pizza than racist pizza, they're, really owning it like they're, actually like railing the original Papa, because, they're being like we are race. We were racist pizza, but that was that guy. That was, that [ __ ] guy who made this company that we're all writing racism is disgusting and I won't support him delete Papa, Joe, nice name. Remember when we were actually making progress in civil rights issues, you expected better from Papa John's. Why is this? Why is that the music of like a suicide prevention? It's like Papa John's! The company is on suicide watch, yeah Papa, Steve, Papa Steve's on suicide watch. You expected better from Papa John's. So did we hmm? What is he make of all this Papa's sitting at home, watching this [ __ ]? He must be furious, yeah Papa's in the house. What is Bo think about this a little too late on this blaming players for poor sales with dog, whistle racism with a hack move yeah, it's just a bunch of these kind of tweets I will not give you any more money. I! Don't know what they thing will do to earn. My business ever again won't put another dime into Papa John's, okay they're, not supportive company. Until you change your policies, pitiful, look in the mirror, stop the flicking blame and do better. Thank you for your anger. There's it's almost like pathetic. How like it's like stand up for yourself, Papa John! Thank you for your anger. Thank you for your criticism and thank you for your honesty. I'm gonna call the police I. Think Papa John's on suicide watch. I'm gonna get an officer over there to the headquarters. Maybe they're not gonna hurt themselves the whole company, the whole company yeah. Thank you for your honesty is making us better. Just like our pizza, better ingredients, better pizzas, we already have the best pizza, but your honesty is making us as people better. What did I do? Papa John's, saying I'm like John's? Is my company I built this company with my own hands I tossed the dough I made the ingredients. What did I do to deserve this disrespect from you? There's a good look at my son Bo. What is my son ball to do? He was meant to inherit this Empire pay me with that music. You guys for chrissake. My son Bo was meant to inherit this Pizza Empire, so seriously boat just lost like everything. Oh, my son, Bowie's, a good boy. He was meant to inherit this pizza. Oh my. If you had to deal with he's died, but it was like at least I'm gonna get. This, yes, is that, but now now ball is not in the house from him. Stevie you were my trusted colleague and now I see you do not trust you more than anyone about what you're gonna remove the apostrophe. It's my company, it's not, but it's in the name is Papa jack. My trusted brother, Stevie, Papa I, sit at home and I. Think about my mistakes. I, maybe I said the N word on a conference. We've got the best bits, I built it with my hands from the sauce. The sauce alfredo sauce stayin is that my son, afraid of them fritters and now I'm disgraced in the eyes of the world. The Papa debates are king, Papa John's. The NFL doesn't love me. The butter, garlic, sauce, Stevie, I, love the butter, garlic sauce and now look at me, [Music] running ads on Twitter. They give for your app, never betray the family, I feel for you as the godfather Papa John. And now what do you? What's? Next, you gonna remove the bleats about a god upside. It's not the place to buy without the garlic's a semi. That's myself, I know that you're gonna get rid of the better beats or the better and gritty of that is inheritances gun hit me with a pup in the house. Well, Columbus has helped. I could do that for hours once I got one of the best movie ever it is. It really is because you mean it I mean yeah. That's really a controversial statement to about that's really brave of you to come out and say that so brave nobody, but I'm. You act like you're, saying like really the best, not just oh, it's the best. You know why it's like. Is it really the best good I think it is well I'll tell you why it's the best and it's simple it's all, and this is why I love Casablanca so much. It's just good, acting a good story and that's it. It's pure cinematic beauty. It's beautifully, directed, acted and written, there's no special effects, there's no gimmicks, it's just beautiful cinema, you know and you're sucked in and every from scene to scene. You are fully engulfed I love the first like 20 minutes of waiting. You come to me. Stevie you asked to be. Is that his name Stevie Steve Steve, you come to me on the day of my daughter's wedding and you ask: can you be CEO and I say to you Steve Steve, Ricky, Steve Richard, you? What did I do to deserve this disrespect? My son Bo? He was teased off throughout high school. He was meant to have this birthright. Your Tate bow. Never did anything. What did my son ball? Do? He was gonna. It was a pizza prince now he's a pizza peasant, you think bow is gonna, be like Michael and just like ruthlessly take control of the Papa John's Empire. Be amazing. Hmm I want a three-part trilogy about Papa. Can you play that music? Just love it The Godfather, music, yeah I'm over it kill it. I just want to watch The Godfather now. Do we watch enough of this yeah? Now? If you close, this definitely I have some shake my head pray for you guys to do better moving forward. Well, we didn't finish it. Oh I, guess that's it! I love how they're posturing of like war on suicide watch. We don't have any plans or we're not telling you anything, just that we're on suicide watch yeah. There wasn't really a promise at the end to do better or anything was there. It's just like there is something what the values you want me to open. This I hope yeah. You got our core values they linked to this yeah. This is it so you want me to read this here. Hit me with the Godfather music I was appointed the CEO of Papa John's. Earlier this year, as the new CEO I want to share the values that will drive the transformation of Papa, John I stated my career in pizza business 25 years ago, because Pizza brings people together, unlike that piece of [ __ ] Papa John's, who was brought the foundation of everything we are to the ground. I found a home at Papa John's, where people from all backgrounds works side by side. Everything Papa John's is 120,000 corporate and franchise team members around the world. We stand for equity, fairness, respect and opportunity. Our most important ingredient is people. Well, they have people in their pizzas. That's kind of a revelation [Music] when I became CEO. I want to do this in the godfather voice, but it doesn't make sense. That's gonna be too slow when I became CEO in January Oh bear moment. That is right. Diversity, equity and inclusion became one of my top priorities. What began began, as a committee of passionate team members, has grown into a company-wide effort to realize our values. He says he says here: wake up when I became CEO diversity. Equity inclusion became my top priority. What about selling pies you [ __ ] idiot? Are we rot in a are we running the ACLU or a pizza franchise Christ, an independent cultural audit I along with Papa John's, the leaders visited Atlanta, Los Angeles Dallas yeah yeah yeah yeah. Recently, Papa's leadership, team completed unconscious bias, training wow. That sounds vulgar recently personally committed to adding more diversity, guys it's [, __, ] pizza, just sell some pies for Christ's sake. Does anyone care we're assembling a special advisory group comprised of nationally respected diversity, equity and inclusion experts to help guide us? It's [, __, ] pie, we're kicking off the development of two key long-term initiatives: Papa John might minority-owned franchise expansion and development program, the [ __ ]. Does that mean they're just given damn Papa really did a lot of damage now you've just given away franchises. What did I don't I said the n-word on a conference call and signed sincerely Steve Richie CEO Bubba joins this betrayal. I will never forget everyone's like get on with it, parent. Whatever there you have it a heart-wrenching this the trilogy. Where are we in the trilogy? Is this part 2 or part 3? What's a part 2, that's part. 2 part 3 falls apart, part 3 is gonna suck and it's gonna be weird. The new branding is gonna, be weird and everyone's just gonna forget about Papa yeah. You know the end of Godfather was like sitting outside and dies and hey there's like the laundry's on the line and he's like just chilling in his backyard retired and playing with the kids. That's what Papa John Shatner is doing right now, not to have a heart attack and fall over and [ __ ] die. Well. He'll always have the pizza mansion yeah. What did I do? Kong? Oh man, dude. You guys are gonna love this story. This is honestly one of the best most cold-blooded [, __, ] and cut-throat things. I have ever seen in my life, this Republican candidate for Congress I'm, trying to think of I. Have it backwards. Well, anyway, this guy who's, I, don't forget who's party or what that doesn't really matter. But a congressman is running and his opponent goes to his family recruits five of his siblings brothers and sisters, and they star in this hit job commercial against their brother, they're called the go-go swords and I'm I'm coining a new phrase. Right now you just got go Sarge, because I have never seen it's so cold plotted day. You got to see this. It's crazy, [, __ ] me. So these are all his siblings. Just talking, [ __ ] on him and at the end they do a little dupa dupa twist on. You know, sir. The congressman isn't doing anything to help rural America Paul's dab, salutely, not working for his district. If they care about health care, they care about their children's health care, they would hold everything your family's, [, __, ] up they care about jobs. They would hold him to account if he actually cared about people that meal so far, it doesn't say the denote. That's waste, I, ruined the surprise. Okay, because yeah I ruined surprise, they'll get out of that field like you like you've. Actually, in that field, all the time, oh you caught me out in the field in nature: oh hi, there was just in nature, Jennifer, Arizona, I bet, he'd, be fighting for Social Security for better access to health care, I better. He I bet he would be researching what is the most insightful water policy so angry in the field. The environment of Arizona sustain itself and be successful and he's not listening to you and he doesn't have your interests at heart. My name is Tim Gosar David Gosar grace go Sir, John go, some are just and goes are Jennifer co-star, Paul guitars. My brother, my brother and I endorse doctor grill, doctor Brill wholeheartedly endorse, started food for Congress. Is that [ __ ] cult, this guy dr. Brill? Don't ever pit me against him dude that guy is cold wings, dude I, don't know what that guy's technique is, but he's up to some fun like dr. Brill was like I'll make him an offer. He can't what that's dude. He got go sard the first ever Gosar D go starting when your whole family, when all of your loved ones close to you, betray you interesting stuff, I love. The top comment on the YouTube is the go sort Thanksgiving this year, so every awkward yeah, that's an understatement seriously. Someone said this is the new Game of Thrones Season, eight trailer, all this [ __ ] isn't unbelievable, like [ __ ], like even if you hate your brother right. Even if you hate your brother, your brother sucks, and you disagree with him politically and he's running for office. I mean really. Are you gonna go in feature like five of them, not one? That's such a badass like little promotion video. How did they even put? How did dr. [, __ ] evil put that dr. brill? How did they even arrange that right I mean who came up with it? They woke up with a horse head in their bed and dr. brill sent them a calling card. I'll make them an offer. I can't refuse, listen! Cuz our family hit me with the music. Listen no sauce, you're gonna star in this ad about your brother. You may not like it but you'll, understand and they'll become a time when I will do a favor for you. It's getting tough to do that. If your throat is saying yeah your throat is over, you might throat is over that bit yeah, as is everyone listening the comments on this [ __ ] Gosar man, hey how you going hey gang. It's me, dr. brill, so I'm running against your brother for Congress and I was just hoping if you would all be available to [. __ ] destroy your brother publicly in my commercial I. Don't you lowly doctor? Are you a savage? Are you guys savages I'm, a total savage? You know what I gotta tell you I, don't know anything about the guy they're [ __ ] on, but this dr. Burrell scares the [ __ ]. Everything and I'm not sure I want him in office because that's the coldest kid I've ever seen in my life, like, even if you and get all those siblings to make a video about that twist. I know- and it was made like artfully right like Shakespearean hmmm but like even if you could make this, do you really want to be that guy that like tore the family apart for a good political ad, you know what I'm saying it's cold I feel I need the backstory of. What's going on in that either way. Where is this [ __ ] Arizona, those [ __ ], are in Arizona [ __ ] I am dr. Brill and if you don't vote for me, I will kill you I'm dr., Brill and I will kill your whole family. If you do not cast your vote for me, this coming September hi, I'm, dr. brill, the coldest [ __ ], you've ever seen in your life I will I will not hesitate to hit those drone murder buttons. You know, there's like drones and Afghanistan bombing people and I endorsed this message. I endorsed I'll click, those drone murder buttons so fast. That was a huge controversy when Obama was president, because he had all these drones in Afghanistan, just like dropping bombs all day huh so he's loved Brill is loving. That I will, my name is dr. Brill and I pledge to drone strike American citizens in the United States I'm cold-blooded as it gets pretty much I am dr. Brill and, if you run against me, I will ruin your whole life and tear your family apart and then drone strike your house if I'm elected this guy scares the [ __ ] out of me, damn [ __, ], crazy, craziest thing I ever seen, I mean it's like it's unbelievable anyway. What else we got next story is okay. This is a quick one. I love this. This right. This could only have been Russia. Woman, buried and Russian graveyard is given a five foot high tombstone in the shape of her favorite iPhone. Well, there you have it folks, apparently that's real I, don't believe it I almost don't believe it, but there you have it only in Russia right only in Russia. Nowhere else could anything like that happen. I mean there, you have it rest in peace there discovered in snow and gone on the back. It even has its like really realistic. Yeah didn't everything doesn't have a case. It might have a case on it. Yes, there she is crushing it crushing it and crushing it after life as well. It's so crazy, the barcode yeah, it's got a barcode, give it a scan. I, don't know Russia net yeah, this girl's amazing. So that's that Ivan really nothing more than that. I just thought it was interesting. Um. Apparently her father built the tombstone after her death dedicated to her that's kind of a loving act. Honestly yeah can I play you something I get this voicemail from the sake. I hate these people. They call me sometimes twice a day and they do this thing where it doesn't even ring. It just goes straight to voicemail right hold on. Let me find this [ __ ] thing and tell me if you guys have heard this [ __ ] before I have pre-approve. You looks to be expiring soon. Actually, at the end of the year, always the same exact message give me a call. We can go over rates in terms that I have available. I can be reached at 860, Road I, know chemical or you can simply call me back on the number that popped up on your phone. You say they usually go. No, it's. They usually go. Ah good news. Mr. Klein you've been pre-approved for a million dollars of credit, but it's expiring. It's expiring. Soon, though they swear to God. They've called me a hundred times with bad news. You 1 million, leaves do not call and impersonate me and open a line of credit in my name. Why didn't you check it? I? Don't think they know anything about me, except my name and number. Don't call them guys now. I wish that I hadn't played that what else we got Oh your mom's house, the new Ouija board. This is all you can call me, okay to the dead. Oh that's funny! That's a funny observation! You can like open a chat, chat, room after life yeah. Looking good I love your tombstone. Thank you. We were recently featured on Tom and Chris Tom Segura and Christina P, the greatest married news couple in the tri-state area, better than I Marion -. What news you? The Tim and Eric Mannion- ah, these guys are so freaking awesome, I love them so much. They have a podcast, your mom's house yeah, my mom's house that we were on recently and I had so much fun. You guys should go watch that just want to give them a shout-out. I also want to say thank you. Everybody who sent emails to podcast at h3h3 productions, calm, I, loved, all the submissions, all the questions, all the videos, all the pictures, everything please keep it coming, podcasts at h3h3 productions. Calm! If you guys have like reactions, suggestions, - that you want to send I love everything, I love it. In fact, I have got some stuff that I would love to go over here with you today on this one, annoying h3 podcast experience. What do we got from ml? Zing me my buddy made. Oh, this is a new one, yeah swims a little tricky undersea. Oh, these are all new ones. Okay, so wait how's this work, then you added this one at the top I just added like two last night, if you just scroll down a little bit, it'll be all the ones that you, okay, I, haven't seen these ones yet I don't want to put them up yet and company. Did you know if a goddamn company, if how's it going boss, there's a group of people that don't not for a hundred days plus? The reasons are interesting would like your perspective from Ghia, the nofap is a community online I have heard of, and I am intrigued by their activities. Now these are people that believe that by not masturbating or looking at pornography mm-hmm, they gain superhuman powers. Essentially, in fact, I pulled up. I was doing some research because I'm aware of the group, but this was one of the top posts of all time on the nofap subreddit, and so this is what they outline happens to you when you do not masturbate over the course of 10 years, my god, 10 years, not [, __ ] trick in your own filthy s meet anyway five minutes, wow I'm, five minutes. Your heart rate will return back to normal okay, two to three days. Guilt and shame seems like it is decreasing seven days. Brain fog will lift school will get easier for you 14 days, pro listen, also known as okay they're getting scientific starts, drop, 14 to 21 days, dopamine sensitivity increases 30 days, craving and flashbacks will noticeably reduce 30 to 60 days. It becomes rock-solid and confidence keeps rising 60 days. You might stop giving a [ __ ]. What other people think about you? What do you it's like when you buy a facial lotion or something all the benefits that they describe like right? Everything you wish will help. Diamond water mm-hmm concede a is considered a full reboot for most people. Confidence still rising, 150-day symptoms of severe pide disappear and proven oil tide is but I like the sound of that two hundred days, I feel like every girl wants to [ __ ] me and I started reading a Bible this as far as I can tell isn't a joke. This guy found God after 200 days one year, I, don't even know why I was watching porn a year ago. Two years now, I have a girlfriend amazing job and I've never been happier really dull from not masturbating 10 years. My life has just been amazing. Ever since I stopped masturbating, that's ten years, I think this guy's dead, serious, which is kind of funny and a little pathetic. But if I'm speaking frankly, there is an interesting theory and not masturbating, because I do think that, like porn addiction is real and I do think that, like when you look like looking at porn, is really unhealthy, because you do it's like when you look at porn and you just nut and you finish real fast. It is kind of like a high like you're. You get this like. You know if you're like in a bad mood or where a lot of guys I think rely on like a clerk, a quick, jerk and quick porn watch as like a treatment to a bad mood, a lot of guys, a lot of guys, I, know, I, think it's very common and so they'll watch some porn, they'll jerk one out real, quick and you're like, and then you can get on with your day. But there is really I think something to this idea that, like your dopamine, your reward levels and [ __ ] get all whacked out and it really is like an addiction and so I do think that there is probably some good benefits to at least not looking at porn, but I've also read that masturbating daily for guys is healthy because it helps prevent prostate cancer because you're constantly you know pushing everything out of your tubes or if you let it sit there like that's how colon cancer happens to because they don't the more you [ __ ], the less likely you are to get colon cancer, because you don't want that stuff sitting there for so long. It's the same theory with the nut juice. So so I am intrigued, but at the same time I'm sure that it's probably not that serious are you gonna know pop I mean I'll, go I'll, know fat for like a day I'm already at five minutes, my heart rate feels pretty normal guilt and shame. Definitely that's two to three days so I've been reached that lovely, but we all get milestones my best record. So far as three hours I don't know, I'm intrigued by it I'd like to hear from a know, flapper I'd like to take a call from somebody who who who has gone a long time without masturbating to kind of here there. You know I heard something interesting about Mike Tyson when he used to go box when he was like young like godlike boxer, he would it masturbate or have sex for like months leading up to his fight cuz. It would get them all crazy kind of interesting, not since you're saying yeah I'm interested. You know, they're called fast Ranaut's too. By the way. It's very good, that's what it says in their [ __ ] description, yeah I, don't know, do any of you guys back there. Are you in any of this into this? No fapping? Oh! Definitely, not absolutely! Not. What about Zach and Ian guys! It looks like it's all now back yeah lots of sheepish nose, frequent [, __ ]. Yes, we all are frequent, [, __, ] I, wonder how frequently do you guys masturbate really like once a day and Zach and in the end just said he's done it twice since the show started, so no don't be I wanna I'm, genuinely curious, I'm, taking a sampler once every two years, every two days, pretty conservative, that's conservative you're, a young man. You should be jerking off like five times a day. Zack just turned 21 Ian I want to know how much Ian masturbates I feel like he's a sleeper I feel like you, asleep I feel like he jerks like eight times a day. How much be honest forty-eight hour, that's pretty responsible, I'm like once a day, I guess when I was younger the reed days dude when I was younger there'd be like eight times in a day, Wow, not that wasn't like common, but some days it's like your dick actually gets raw, so hurt yeah. That's like whoa dude. You need to get a life, but you, but we've all been there right. Nothing better to do I get why these people I got why these people, like you, said you know intellectually I, see that there can be some benefit to it, especially with what you were saying about. You know: relaxing your reward center, yeah and well, and when you jerk off in the middle of the day, it can [ __ ] your whole day up. You know what I mean. Why? Because you just get so sleepy and lazy and then all the sudden you're, like you, just have no motivation, because you jerked off in the middle of the day. It's like and you're. You know what I mean. It's like. What do you, where you go from there, take a nap yeah? No, no, no fat, I'm, intrigued good question. Thank you give for that enlightening vigorous debate. Thank you, and god bless you. Next up from P Leighton I work in the vapor industry and I always listen your podcasts, while I'm here as a fellow member of the nation I, would love to hear any commentary. You guys have on the new FDA regulations for vaping products in regards to packaging and advertising and the law to ban flavors and the epidemic of teen vaping, sincerely xxx vape, wizard, 420, XXX, hashtag, babe nation, great question, so the f-d-a. This is actually quite interesting and Dan. You would know about this because it affects you directly. It is that the FDA is banning flavored vape juices because they say it appeals to kids that is pretty much par for the course in my fingers. I did the same thing to alcohol and tobacco. Were they really restricted how they could market it? Because they didn't moment appeal, kids and frankly, I do feel like vaping has let become a really severe gateway. Drug I. Don't know if you want to say gate I, don't know whatever, but there I haven't seen it firsthand, but I've heard that a lot of kids in like middle school in high school I walk around with these tiny little vape pens and they're. Actually smoking which I find pretty wild because it's almost like everybody stops smoking cigarettes they're all like yeah. We all understand it's not cool. It's really bad for you, but now it's almost like there's a new problem where it's super accessible and everyone's like. Oh, it's not as bad. So it's okay, yeah I, think we don't really know how bad it is. Yet, maybe it's not that bad? Maybe it's not! Maybe it is I, don't know, but I think it's probably a good idea that the I, what the [ __ ] do I know Dan. What do you think I mean I'm really of two minds of it, because on the one hand you know I think it you know. Obviously it's bad I, don't know how prevalent it really is with kids like is it more than when we were in high school yeah. It's smoking cigarettes, it's more. Apparently it's! It is extremely it's it's! It's like overwhelming. From from what I understand again, I'm, not so I mean president, that that is, that is probably not good. Admittedly, but is it I mean banning the flavors? Is that really gonna do anything to prevent that? You think it's really about the flavors, like yeah yeah, a unicorn. You know what I remember when I was a kid: I would go whenever we come to La. My mom would take me into this candy store that I loved and the one candy I would always get I loved it. So much was bubblegum cigarettes. Do you believe this might and it was a gum wrapped in like oh okay, yeah and I had a bunch of powdered sugar, so you could go and it would puff out sugar. I think I know that it was so cool, yeah smoking, a cigarette and I think I and like I forgot that existed and I used to love it too yeah I loved it as a kid and looking back on that, it's like whoa, that's pretty [ __ ] up, oh, that was my favorite I would go, get it and I thought I'm, so cool every time. Those are bad, I, barely remember, I'm, sure those are banned, yeah, yeah, I'll, uh, so I, don't know, I, don't know what the hell do. I know thanks for the question a half-priced teddy, hopefully doesn't look about Teddy Fresh, doing getting no half off Regulus yeah half-price, teddy! Hey my name's Josh I've been a huge fan. You guys are the best youtube channel best channel on youtube. Thank you, and you know I mean. Thank you. So much tell me more well, not the biggest trend. I was wondering if you ever heard of a movement called stop a douche bag. It's a movement in Russia and which a group of people stop others from parking in illegal places such as sidewalks railroads. By approaching them carefully, sometimes they will blow up with huge amounts of ignorant and other will move straight to physical violence. If they don't comply, then they get a huge sticker on their windshield. They have a nice amount of subs and was wondering what you guys think does a solution even work. This is productive, or should there be other actions taken just curious? Thank you for the kind words Josh I believe he had said. I know. If I can quote him, you are by far the best channel on YouTube from Josh half-priced Ted. You are by far the best channel on YouTube. He said about us. Thank you for that. So let's go actually yeah. I do know about these guys, stop a douche bag and actually pulled up the video and we can watch it together. Oh okay, let's have a quick look here. Yeah so I mean apparently in Russia. It's a little more like you know medieval, like [, __ ]. Just you see this [ __ ], they're, crazy, there's, traffic and there's lunatics are just hopping up on the sidewalk. It's a little. It's a little more lawless, probably in some places in Russia. So these guys are vigilantes and they're like this is [ __ ] up Tsar cities are sidewalk, don't you know, don't drive on the sidewalk, it's dangerous right, so they call it stop a douche bag and they were taking vigilante justice into their own hands. Just like Batman essentially can I ask you why you parked your bus on the sidewalk. He says it's a service bus. What the service bus I can't hear you. Unfortunately, we are waiting for some people to get on. Okay. Could you move your bus? At least you parked right on the sidewalk people push their shopping carts here he doesn't seem to give a [ __ ]. You won't be able to get around there. Can you move your truck? Please thank you and they're asking the guy and he does so there you have it vigilante justice, but sometimes the people are defined and I guess that's when it gets a little one. There's a Mercedes, that's on the sidewalk. They stopped him. He said. Oh the guy says this won't happen again: I'm late, I'm, sorry, okay, back your car, please they say it's almost like to catch a predator vibe. It's like I, wonder if they know these guys in Russia. Cuz he's like. Oh you caught me. It will never happen again. I'm gonna pull out. No, no back up they're, saying you can't they're, not letting him pull out they're, making him back up there you go. All people are equal, almost drive back, so they send this guy back. The guy knew what was good for a man. Let's see if this guy does. This guy is not having it. I could tell you right now, like the pass. Guy was kind of sheepish. He was like kind of on the road on the sidewalk. This guy is fully occupying the sidewalk there's a huge line of traffic and this guy's driving on the sidewalk I'm running late. She says for a friend's wedding, I understand what can you place back to the roadway guys I need to be at the river girl station 20 minutes, yada yada, it's sidewalk, I'm, late, gyro, so you're on footpath for the blind right now. I do understand, but sometimes things come up. She says Oh everyone's been really polite. No, oh, she went around there just riding around them. Oh [, __ ]. Are they gonna catch up to her, so she drew oh, really so they're chasing after she went around him and booked it? Oh and so what they do is they have these giant stickers that probably [ __ ] their whole week up and I? Guess what it says in Russian is I'm a douche bag, and it's this huge sticker. The covers the windshield, so they pretty much can't drive I gotta say they gave them a fair chance. It's very vigilante justice. Let's see how she reacts, you take that thing off. They put it on the passenger side. They usually put it over the driver's side. I. Think, let's see here, we go, we've got another one. Oh there's two there's several! Do that whole line good day. Stop a douche bag movement. Here, just as himself, could you back out of your car? Please and there's actually a car behind him. Stop or I'll put a sticker on your windshield? Oh he's he's pulling is he's driving into them, trying to run them over? Stop they're staying I'm gonna put a sticker on your windshield I'm gonna, give you [ __ ] and stick here now they put it so this guy got it okay. Now. This is great, though these by the way is this twenty three million views, so they put the sticker over the passenger side window. So there's really no way for him to drive until he gets off a driver's ed. They try the driver's side so yeah. This guy's totally [ __ ], so he's getting out of his car. Now he's not happy and he's got. Milk he's got cargo military pants on he's, throwing his sandals out he's getting ready to kick some ass in those sandals. This guy's, this guy's [ __ ]. Scaring me please, let me grab the knife. Oh he's got a weapon he's got like a nunchuck. What the [ __, ] nunchucks Oh, get the [ __ ] out here: ugly [ __ ]. Where do I go? Oh, he took his nunchuck and threw it in the woods because there's like 20 of them, oh man he's trying to get the sticker off, but it's not really coming off man. This guy's days, [, __, ] I, don't care where I'm driving- and you see my [ __ ] tags, this guy like come off here or something damn. These guys are kind of hardcore. I got to say: I know that there's like a lot of mafia ties in Russia, so I these guys are pretty brave. I would say to do this, I mean I, don't know much about it. I mean even the regardless. Wouldn't just you never know, this guy could have a gun and just or not check in this case yeah they stood their ground. Man- and these are. These are brave. Kids, I think these are brave, kids, doing a valuable public service. That's my take from this right now and that what the sticker is a pretty innocent but strong way of being like [ __ ] you and they also give every day you're taking it off them, goof off goof the only way, but what I like about them is they don't immediately throw the sticker on? They say: hey we're here, to keep peace on the sidewalk. Can you please back up and if they do, they don't [ __ ] with their car yeah, so I think these guys have struck in a good balance of vigilante justice. Here, he's saying man that guy's so [ __ ]. How was he gonna drive? His whole view is obstructed and he continues to try to drive forward. Oh he's getting more stickers, so he continues to charge I-4 and they're, putting more stickers on his windshield and they're actually slaying on at the front of the car. They have this guys having a [ __ ] up day. Oh there's, someone else in the car, oh girl, his wife's in the car. Imagine being that girl, yeah wow this guy. This is some [ __ ] he's getting out he's getting angry. Now, oh he's throwing punches now they're throwing punches here. We go! Oh oh man! These vigilante took him out. Let me help you up. Whoa, that's a humiliation wow that was that was amazing. The guy came out, threw a punch now they've got this one huge ass, like you know, in Rocky they had like the super like USSR boxer. They got one of these guys he's like the guy that confronts so this guy came out, threw a punch and I was a Drago yeah, Ivan Drago, basically body dropped him and then he's like here. Let me help you up to complete the humiliation. Well, this guy's days, [ __ ], there's three stickers on his windshield, oh holy I. Wonder who's I, wonder what the police say when they come. Oh here's. What the sticker says it says: I spit on everyone, I Drive, where I want stop a douchebag. That's what it says in Russian wow! That's amazing, stuff man! These kids are brave and they're doing it valued public. That's it really cool cool! Thank you to Josh who, by the way said you are by far my favorite channel on YouTube. No doubt the Josh Matt Duncan's won yeah I, wasn't sure, look! That's alright! I'm gonna move on Matt says there was another bathroom habit. I did that I realized was normal. Seven years ago, I was talking members of my tennis team. In my freshman year of college, whenever I used a urinal or went pee, I would always whip out. My balls, along with my penis to pee I, would pull the waistband under my balls and that always felt more comfortable and natural and when I brought it up to my teammates I realized I was the only one that did that among the team, I was so embarrassed and I have since changed my habits and I do not whip out my balls anymore to pee, but I miss it. Is this normal? Do you about your balls to pee or just your your rod as well? I would love your thoughts well, Matt, I'm, so happy that you brought this to me because I feel like here at the h3 podcast. We are smashing taboos. We are bringing things out to light that people don't talk about and we are normalizing behaviors that are normal and good, and just now before I get a year now let before I get into that I want to say that we've converted a lot of people. A lot of people have been shamed to wiping their ass from the back, which is clownish. It's ridiculous. It's not convenient. It's not as good. A lot of people have taken the time at home to sit and cup their balls and penis in their hand and to scoop under while sitting comfortably with the other hand, and they found that that's a superior method. Now I'm, not gonna, tell you right now that the front way is superior, even though you have to be a [ __, ] caveman to stand up and squat and reach behind your ass and wipe side to side to clean your [, __ ] I'm, not gonna. Tell you that I think once they found out I'm just what I am saying here. Is that I? Don't think that us front wipers need to be ostracized I, don't think we need to be outcast and demeaned, because we approach problems differently. Now, I come to this issue of whipping the balls out now this sweet young man Matt was, he was a you know he was. He was ridiculed by his teammates mm-hmm. Well, let me tell you: Matt I always take my balls out [ __ ] proudly, and you know why you take your balls out Matt, because you're smart and you know what it what makes sense now, if you just take your dick out, you've got nothing to rest, your pants on now, you're, probably like me, you use a waste yeah. It works with the elastic waist if you're wearing an elastic, waisted pants like I. Often do you put the waste under your balls, because if you just take your dick out, you have to hold it looks ridiculous. Take a little tic-tac peeking over a [, __ ] molehill. You need to take the balls out. You got to let it all breathe and that's an important thing. I personally find it superior now Matt. Don't let people tell you that you're not that that's not the right way to do it, because that's just absolute outright disgusting criminal conspiracy life, it's a deep state line when I won't stand for you take your balls out along with your dick and now everyone is homes. You're like oh, no I'm, gonna. Try that and then you're gonna find out. Oh I, like taking my balls out nothing wrong with it. It's all good guys backstage. Do you take your balls out? You know what it kind of depends on on the donkey's yeah. It depends on what you're wearing it's it's situational, highly situated and others into the mic. There you go usually not there. You go in hand. Finally, never oh well in you don't have to strike that tone I'm trying to encourage tone it down right, not that serious in that's right. His balls aren't coming out yeah they're not coming they're staying in there. Thank you, Matt for the question and I wish you all the best in life and all of your ball whipping out journeys and finally, from cow. First of all, I want to say how much I love you guys and everything you do well. Thank you very much cow cow, I love! You guys and everything that you do. Thank you mmm love to hear that and that through you, I found a ton of other creators in content that I would never have on my own. That being said, I want to ask Ethan kind of a personal question. How are you capable of confirming and admitting you were depressed? Oh I want to answer this, but I feel like it's an awful way to end the show mm-hmm we're just having a good time with the balls out. We can do it next time. Yeah I'll say that for next time, I do want to answer this. He says I'll just finish, currently I'm sort of a social stigma at my university that depression is a choice and a sign of weakness and I know that I'm definitely not happy. How do you detect this and how are you dealing with it? Currently, if you don't feel comfortable, answering well, I do oh I'll answer I. Think I can answer without being like super depressing I agree. When I was in college, there was a really big stigma about being depressed and I'm. Sure I was depressed at the time and I think it's really well I think it's changed, but it's really [ __ ] up because I remember at my college dorm there was a sign on the wall with like Prozac, and it was some kind of insinuation that, like if you take it, you're weak or something or now that was the subtext, because it was really like how [ __ ] up is society that everybody's taking Prozac right and then sin uation is like. Oh, you don't need that [, __, ] I wasn't on anything like that, but I agreed I saw that and I was like. Oh yeah, everyone's on drug, you know, mm-hmm. The idea of treating depression was something like yeah. It's. It was very stigma. It was like, like I, said in our update video. It's not sexy to be depressed. It's like just sad, it's pathetic. It just sounds pathetic. There's two kinds of the posters like everyone is depressed and then there's like they're, really they're real depressed and needs treatment, mm-hmm, and maybe people just like combine it. Well, the people who yeah well the people who everyone gets depressed, sometimes yeah, but people who get depressed sometimes don't understand what it's like to be depressed for two years yeah. So that's why I think there's a disconnect there. It's just it's a it's a it's just a disconnect yeah, it's a misunderstanding, but be that as it may, you know I think I've been depressed for a really long time and I. Remember I! Oh I always knew that I had really severe anxiety. I mean I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder when I went off to college and it was like really crippling all throughout college and I had accepted that I had a problem, but I remember the first time when we were living in Israel I saw a psychiatrist because of my anxiety was really bad or maybe I was I was having some kind of weird thing and I just wanted to talk to a therapist, and he had said I told ya. It was a therapist and I was talking about my symptoms and I was like you know, I'm anxious and there's this one thing that I get all the time that I still get, which is that I get like foggy brain and I feel like not myself, I feel like I'm having a bad high and I, really hate that feeling it's awful and then the therapist was like. Oh so it sounds like you have depression and I shocked me I was almost offended. I was like I, don't I'm like I have anxiety not to prep. I was actually genuinely defensive and I was like what like [ __ ] like [ __ ], you I, don't I'm I have anxiety, and my reaction was very much like like [ __ ], you dude, and that was like that must have been like seven years ago, probably was when we were living in Ramat, Gan, mm-hmm and I've never treated it or anything like that. But I've been like desperate enough where I was like. Oh I need some [ __ ] help, and so that's why I want to talk to that. Guy and I. Just remember being really defensive and that's, and that was so long ago, and now it's come to the point where I've slowly kind of realized that, like my anxiety, has given way it that it's morphed into something else like in college. My anxiety was just this crippling I, don't know. Well, it's free! It's frequent that anxiety and depression go hand in hand mm-hmm you know, and so yeah the more I thought about it. The more time I had to accept that I realized that there's probably at this point more depression than there is anxiety. It's kind of like I, addressed the anxiety, because I accepted that that's what I had until right, but the depression I was so I didn't want to have it so bad that I ignored it and never addressed it, and so now I feel like now, I'm really accepting it. After looking back and thinking how I feel I mean look at the just read the symptoms, man for me, it's like! Yes! Yes, yes, yes! Yes! Yes! Yes, yes, like we read this off like if I go there now, but it's so like you know here. This [ __ ] was like [ __, ] 100%, yes, I'm. Just trying to find this list of symptoms come on for [, __ ] sake. Let's see some signs, you might have depression, sad, empty, anxious, helpless, worthless or guilty hopeless, irritable, less interest in activities. Less energetic trouble, concentrating changes in the way you sleep, I, sleep, great, that's not it everything else, though, changes in appetite I'm, always hungry aches and pains not really actually, but everything else like um, sad, empty, anxious, always helpless worth to leak guilty, always like I got to the point now where I was like I'm really now decided to like actually treat this because it's become unbearable. For me recently is that I was I'm, like always at war, with myself in my head, mm-hmm, like torturing myself like every little thing like social things, past things, things that happened a long time ago. Things that happen now on day to day basis, small things like you'll, say something, and then your torture, my or I'll, do something anything. But it's like I'm always feeling guilty over it. Just like the dumbest things like, and you know that, but just always that war with myself in my head, hopeless pessimistic. You know: yeah, irritable, big-time, [, __, ], so irritable and I hate being irritable, because you know like you know that you have you shouldn't be. But you are that's the worst. You just can't help it you just like [, __ ]. Everything annoys me, but mm-hm and I, don't and I. So don't want to be an [ __, ] I. So don't want to be an [ __ ] right now, but I'm just so irritated negate that and I would feel that all the time like all the time every day so inaudible and it's exhausting for you mm-hmm, because I'm [ __ ] not that pleasant to be around most of the time loss of interest in activities. I, don't have hobbies, I, don't enjoy doing anything. I still love playing video and for the past years, like I, didn't listen to music I, don't even enjoy listening to music, less energetic, yeah, tired. All the time trouble concentrating it's so hard for me, death to do [, __ ] trouble remembering details ela to have trouble remembering details like where's your wallet code. Oh yes, oh my god! Oh that would drive me crazy. Ethan doesn't know the address of his home. Well, I! Do just not this! No! You don't I do just not the zip! Well, that's like half of the address nobody. What else do you need to know? I? Don't understand why people ask for zip codes anymore. Here's the [, __ ] address here's the city. You don't need this! Maybe I'm irritable too, but oh my god. Every time anything will ask you. What's her zip code, it's like it's. Your home address. I, don't know overwhelmed to make decisions. Whether big or small I mean dude. It was like just I mean I was at the point recently where was like. I cannot continue to live. My life like this I will do anything and you guys might recall me it's saying that um I had like this bottle of antidepressants by my bed for the longest time, because I feel like I hadn't tried everything first and I feel like I took 3 months and I actually did make a lot of positive changes in my life, but I still felt awful, mm-hmm I guess not I I made it pretty good for me that we made changes. The biggest thing for me was like getting away from social media from YouTube in it, but it's hard to know. Sometimes it's like leaving. You too sometimes makes you more anxious, yeah and then everyone else gets upset, and that makes you more anxious and just so it's hard it's hard to know. What is the right thing for you or whatever, but anyway I've never gone to therapy either. I have my first therapy appointment on Monday, pretty excited I mean if he's gonna fix me right, I'm, like all right. You know. I I went to a therapist once through a Kaiser which is our health care, and it was such an awful experience. I never want to go again. I show up it's like McDonald's therapy, I show up and right out the back. You know you expect that it's always like. Tell me about your family. Where did you grow up? I get to know the guy not fall so I sit down, I swear to god this. What he does. He goes all right. So what's wrong, but what do you want to talk about like what? What's bothering you what's wrong? I was like whoa, like [ __ ] gotta treat a girl to dinner before you [, __ ], her you know, I was just blown away by. That is that, what's bothering you, we have 30 minutes come on honey I got a lot of patients. Here it was [ __, ], crazy, I felt so uncomfortable. Do the whole thing because I don't know this guy sounds like uh. Well, we've got a bunch of ads on my channel that I don't want to do and I don't feel like making content, but I have these obligations, no he's like so tell me uh. How did so? How do you make money on YouTube again? What's [ __, ], awful I love that that's like a great meme, so tell me: what's bothering you what's on your mind? Well, my father raped me when I was a kid and all right? Well, here's what you do just forget all about that crazy! So I'm, going to a private therapist that came highly recommended from a friend, I'm real excited in Beverly Hills, so you know he's [, __, ], legit yeah, but to answer your original question took a bit of a tangent here. Your original question was: how did you confirm and admit you were depressed well for me, it took me a long time because I was embarrassed and ashamed and I felt like people around it's kind of embarrassing thing. -. Oh I'm depressed, oh I'll, get over it. I got an email, people just don't understand. I got an email from someone they're like anyway, whatever people don't understand, but to you I would just ask yourself: I mean you clearly are aware that something's off and you're not happy, there's clearly some aspects of your life that are you're not happy with it. You're, not comfortable with that. You would like to change they're, causing you to feel possibly depressed. I would I would consider looking at these symptoms, because for me it's really she's been crippling and a large part of the reason why we've just been gone for so long, but also I'm, not you know, professional I can't diagnose you. So you should. You should see a therapist I feel like everyone. I know it seems like a luxury, but actually a friend of ours was telling us like. There's there's cheap. What was the name of this place? She said. Well, they have therapy on a sliding scale. So, if you're broke, you can go see your therapist for 20 bucks, mm-hmm and also there's, there's there's. You know there's ways to figure it out, but ultimately I think it's important for people to know that you just you, don't have to suffer. You don't have to carry it. You got to make the decision that you're just gonna fight it right. You don't want to be a victim to it. So [ __ ], you no [ __ ] that mm-hmm. It's like you're, just wasting your time on this earth to feeling miserable, and what's the point of that to do what you can't. You know, because there's a lot of people before you that have dealt with it and gotten out of the war and they're really smart, and they are there to help everybody else, because it sucks there to help you therapy, because they're geniuses, these therapists, they have studied, they have PhDs. They have studied this [ __ ] for decades. They know how the brain works right. That's that's something I'm! Just a guy I, don't know how the brain works right, but they can get in your head and untangle [ __, ], mm-hmm and understand you in ways that you can't they've got drugs that help ease the burden. While you figure it out, you know, you'd have to be miserable, oh well! If you already are miserable, what do you have to lose anyway? Who gives a [ __ ] mm-hmm, it's like at one. That's at a certain point. Nothing else matters but getting better, because what does it? What does anything matter if you're that miserable? It's just like what else at that point matters at all, except prioritizing number one yourself and getting better. You can't help anyone around. You can't do anything for yourself or anyone else until you feel better. So that's my that's my opinion yeah and depressions on the rise. You know more people are feeling it more than ever, because my theory personally on that is that the world is increasingly complex, complicated difficult to find your place in the world to find a spouse in the world to find a career, to find a purpose to make money. Everything is so hard to figure out that, and we carry a lot of stress and along xiety, a lot of bills, a lot of responsibilities narration, especially who can afford a house no [, __, ] buddy, like I, think about our situation. We are fortunate enough to have been able to buy a house, but but I know the feeling from in just a few years ago. Did we know no, we've worked our life and we weren't even close. We have we were on. We were statistically anomalous with our like success, yeah and the amount of money that we were able to make and in a short time, from being successful. But we've been, like you said, just a couple short years earlier, making like thirty forty thousand dollars with doing the two of us mm-hmm and that's important. Yeah you're, like buy a house, never happen so I wonder when we're in this anomalous, like unbelievably lucky situation, how the [ __ ] does anyone else have a chance, but it doesn't but again that you can be at any station of life and still life is complicated in this state and age. But the internet with the cars with bills, responsibility you know I'm more depress now, because I feel more lost in my purpose and, like I actually heard to put really good I, don't remember who said it, but it's like when you have money and like financial safety, all that's left is in your head. Then I was talking to you about that when I cuz I was saying before that you're always like well, if only I could afford that trip, I would be happy, but until then I can't afford it or if I, just our or it's like, if only I could afford this house. That would be perfect. My thing was like: oh, if only I couldn't didn't pay rent if I had really rent I'd be set for life, so you always have this like you're chasing a goal. If I, then I'll be happy right now, I'm not happy because I can't afford it, but you work towards it and it gives you purpose mm-hmm yeah, but when you can't afford it and you're still not happy, then it's like what is that thing that will make me happy yeah, but I, but anyway, I mean I'm in a rare situation, it's hard to relate to what I'm going there, but, just generally speaking, life is so complicated. Like think back 50 years, people didn't have phones that have [ __ ] internet. They just like worked on farms. I genuinely think that, like, if you just woke up at 8, a.m. and worked on the [, __ ] farm for 8 hours and went home and ate dinner and chilled it's like that's simple man, there's nothing to crave mm-hmm. But that's you know. That's and I think that, like modern day, life really goes against our our fundamental instincts as animals like mm-hmm, billions of years of instincts and expectation of what life is and how to survive. That's what it is right. Billions of years of survival instincts have all the sudden. In the past, 100 years completely betrayed us because all the sudden, these survival instincts that we've inherited over evolution, billions of years, are no longer relevant at all yeah right and that's [, __ ] up so I. Think a lot of people have trouble adjusting it's weird, because also you all of a sudden have a lot of opportunities. The demon before- and you have a lot of you know, there's a lot of good. That came with a shirt, but it's also crippling yeah. So you know I think I, think that I think it's important to bear all that in mind. That life is really [. __ ] can be very challenging and confusing and overwhelming it's like my God who can balance all those things when instinctually I just want to go plant some carrots right or go gather some berries or some [, __ ] or go kill a deer and then chill in a tepee. You know so anyway, looking forward to the essays of disapproving my theory, but that's just my thoughts and if you disagree, you're wrong anyway. I hope I wish you all the best and and yeah you should don't don't be afraid to seek help and don't feel weak, because you are not alone and increasingly less alone. Mm-Hmm, you know a hundred years ago was like or maybe 200 I, don't know thousand years ago. You know if I've heard this and I don't know if it's true, but I've heard this, that, like in Amish communities, that depression and anxiety is like completely non-existent, don't you know about the Amish I'm number, the Amish yeah, and that that makes sense to me right because they're fully fulfilled, they have very basic or not basic what they have very. They know what to expect every day and they're fulfilled every day and their life is they understand what it is day to day. It's not like you wait about how many days do you wake up and you're like like [ __ ]? What am what like, what am I gonna do today, like you know anyway, that's it. Meanwhile, Papa's in the backyard and [Music] clothes are on the hanging, pant on the rack flapping in the wind papa clutches. His heart play the music Papa clutches. His heart bo is running around the backyard playing with a paper airplane and Papa clutches his heart, and now here I die alone, the old man with Norman. What no beats or sauce. Remember me and bury me in my favorite marinara, bury me in a grave of marinara and my favorite beats of the meatlovers pizza. Bury me with sausage and pepperoni, and remember me fondly and make my tombstone a giant box of Papa John's with my betcha proudly from the box before they removed it with an apostrophe John's as its my company and I Papa John. Thank you. Everyone for watching and remember, better beat better ingredients, better butter, sauce, never disrespect family alfredo sauce and to you ill as leaders. Remember me: oh no, that falls over and has a heart attack. It does guys. That is the show. Thank you for watching the h3 podcast revolution have just been birthed. The new title for the show experience is no longer adequate. It is a revolution. I hope that you know what it's the h3 podcast uh. What's the phrase the paradigm shift, the h3 paradigm shift revolution, I, hope your day has been shifted and a paradigm, and we will see you on Friday as always next week. This is your papa and chief Ethan Papa John Shatner areevo, saying to you Papa's blessings and I've happy weekend to all my little pizza boys, all my dough boys, all my little bows out there, all my little pizza pie, eatin meat, eater, loving or not, mmm or not. Just remember, bury me in the grave of marinara good night and God does [Music]. You.