- well hello. There thanks for joining us today, we're back on this blessed beautiful Friday afternoon in America and evening in Europe, either way. Thank you for taking the time to join us here today. Thank you to our sponsors, honey, expressvpn. The undies and stitch fix I'm happy to announce that on Friday to Fridays from now the 30th of November, the great bill works will be here with us which I'm so excited about. So if you want to leave questions for him on the subreddit, there's a thread up there, slash a trace reproductions been a wild week for us here. California and California has been getting slammed yeah this week, I'm sure you all heard there was a insane wildfire here in LA and Ventura County and starting with a shooting that we almost didn't even get to pay attention to, because there's like the new cycles like it's just tragedy, sad sad stuff, so yeah right around the corner from my parents house, there was a shooting in Thousand Oaks and then the net, the next night after the frickin whole town's on fire from a loved her. You know I read something I heard something and correct me if I'm wrong Dan, but pretty sure this is true. I fact I did fact check it myself. There was one or two people that was in that shooting and Thousand Oaks. That was also in the Vegas shooting being like it's like dude. What I mean whoa? That's that's a mind, melt for that person, but I do want to say yeah. My parents were evacuated from their house. They were staying with us. We were luckily not that close to the fire, but it was smoky and there was ash everywhere. It was really scary. The whole the main freeway in LA the 101 was shut down. Yeah I mean it was. It was apocalyptic out here it was wild. We just had the news on like the whole weekend. Yeah I'm gonna couldn't believe it because it was a way it's like just everything's on fire yeah and you don't know if it's it could spread over to where we and just if the wind changes and goes to the wrong direction. You know, but we are looking at a place for my parents. Just a week ago, in Thousand Oaks or was Westlake Village yeah and just a week ago, as this really beautiful little community, the gated community and it's in the woods kind of and Thousand Oaks is like a nature, preserve so a lot of the decks and they have trees coming out of the decks and all the trees are marked. And it's like a protected area, but I, remember being like man. This is pretty like I feel like a fire would ravage this place pretty easily I was telling my parents- and that was a week ago, that whole place burned down yeah the whole plate that whole community burned down. It's crazy stuff and just there's been a real tragic loss of life and property, and I will talk about that more later, because there's a lot of amazing footage and stories that came out of that that I think's, interesting and crazy wild stuff dude. But before we get now, as you guys can tell from the title, we have got to address a lot of the criticism that people have been saying against me. A lot of people are tuning in probably to enjoy an epic meltdown for me to watch me make a fool of myself. So that's why I'm here, yeah dan doesn't usually I sleep through the episode so I promise. We will get to that. It's gonna be fireworks, guys, it's gonna be explosive, but before we get to that, I do want to do a goof of the day to kind of lighten it up a little bit here with this vape god Tommy, the vape God. Somehow this epic troll got on fox news too I guess he's speaking on behalf of the. How do you call those Dan, the jewels yeah, which was these tiny little vape pen? It's like a pocket, vape pen that apparently like a middle school in high school everybody's hitting these, which is so crazy to me. Yeah, because when I was a kid, smoking was already not cool. There was a couple of people that like went out in high school to smoke a cigarette, but now all the sudden with vaping it's like cool again, and these kids are hitting these jewels, that, like 16 years old, so this this guy got on the news and it's just an incredible situation, specifically with regard to flavored varietals that have helped propel the explosion of these among the young here now to folks on very separate sides of this issue at barstool sports who affectionately goes by the name. Tommy smokes first thing: I'm going to try SiC a drool trick, yeah that guy ribs that they think I think that Fox News always does this. Where they'll bring like I was watching this video during the Kavanagh that whole thing they brought on a guy who says he's an actual witch that does incantations against him and he's like the most absurd. Looking person. You can imagine it's like they always bring on these people that you can't tell if they're serious or not we're sure, like the perfect punching band to their. So this guy's apparently I think she's taking him seriously, which is well no song Joel Kenny he's trying to pull out these flavor to e-cigs shouldn't be regulated even when teens are using them, and these increasing numbers well, look I'm 22 years old, so I'm using them legally and honestly they're just cool like they're cool you rip them, there's nothing cooler than blowing a fat cloud like right. That's true! The colossus I just it helps my swag. It helps my drip I, just love walking around. It's really good for getting chicks too. So honestly, I started about a year ago and it does help get you I know that for a fact, back since I have a question, it's that you use your cell phone quite a bit, yeah quite a bit okay. So why don't you rig it up to your phone? And that way you won't have like the actual calories burned by grabbing your phone, so you can Vicki completely a lot Wow and kind of check, email and text. At the same time, you don't like right off the side. Okay, you could that'll be your invention, I'm, giving it to ya. I'd vape, like this yeah keep switching devices. You write that did she pre-planned that gag or what like I'm, throwing the troll she's like yeah, the whole writing team came together and we decided you should vape out of your phone. Well, I, don't know if this goes anywhere, but I just wanted to give a shout out to Tommy smokes the vape god what a legend yeah. You know he went out there on Fox News into the Lions Den, and he and he fought the good fight he held his own yeah. You know, and for those of you wondering, does vaping help you get chicks. Yes, you didn't truly love me until I start blowing flat clouds in her face, so shout out to Tommy. Now, let's get to the reason we are all here today. I've been thinking a lot about this. Let me take a little sip of water here yeah. This is difficult for me to talk about because it's something I've been thinking a lot about of late I, trying to wrap my head around it and think about it. You know, honestly and critically and trying to deal with things and a healthier more mature way, and it's kind of I have a long-winded kind of story here that I hope that will be interesting and maybe helpful for some people and maybe help some people explain understand where I've been coming from. There's been a lot of criticism of me of late. There's been a lot of people that have said lots of lots and lots of videos and [Music] I have a natural aversion to criticism, specifically, which is something that I've been learning about myself through therapy which I've started recently, and so they were out my career I've. Let me start from the top I'm getting ahead of myself. What have people been saying about me recently? Okay, that I'm a hypocrite that I prioritize money over everything else that I've thrown friends under the bus that I'm ignorant and poorly informed and spread misinformation that I'm arrogant? That I cannot handle criticism and that I've used people just to name a couple of the reoccurring, themes, I'm sure, there's so much more. You could say about me- and let me just say this: okay for the record that I am guilty of all of those things and I'm, not gonna, quantify it or make excuses or anything I've done those things. I am I'm guilty of those things, and this is something that I've been aware of myself over the past couple last two years or so is that I have been kind of slipping into a very unhealthy place mentally and I want to try to go through this and and make a sense of it. Okay, so it's been kind of a slow moving process like it's been like a self-fulfilling process in a way where it's gotten worse and worse and I got criticized more and more and I get more defensive. A more hold up and I went, and you know early on in our YouTube career I went very early on to somebody that was like universally liked. I, remember in like 2016 I could do no wrong on YouTube mm-hmm and like on reddit everybody loved us. We were voted like reddit, you know, or reddit YouTube channel of the year, something in 2016 and like the concept of being criticized on that level was something I hadn't dealt with and I think the problem was that I people had me very high on a pedestal. Back then I mean people thought very highly of me and there's no doubt that at the time it definitely started to go to my head as well and I'm, pretty sure you know, looking back that I started to become more arrogant and overconfident and on some probably deep, an unconscious level, a feeling of almost infallibility that I could take anything on that when I had I had like this and I really did I mean it's hard to come to terms with that and to confront that, because at the time you never rationally be like oh I'm out of control. I need to tone it down right, and so because of this combination of like overconfidence and feeling like I could take everything on it. Led me to make a lot of mistakes, and then, when I was criticized for those mistakes, then I would act extremely defensive and nasty and not really processing them in a healthy way like, for example, the leafy thing was, and the Wall Street Journal thing and stuff like this, where I kind of just handled things in a really overconfidence, really thinking that I can take on the world and not and not do wrong, and when I end up [ __ ] up it finds out. It comes out. Then, when I get criticized, I completely shut down. I really I have that I psyche. I'm learning now through therapy, which I've just started doing about I've only been doing for like a month or two but I have a psychological problem where, when I went for for whatever reason that I don't want to get into. But the way I was raised is that when I'm, when I'm criticized I, psychologically shut down, and so before, I became, like famous on the Internet I, had a problem with criticism. But it was so much less amplified but kind of like when you become famous whatever. For lack of a better word, it amplifies certain aspects of yourself and it definitely puts you through a gauntlet of sorts of kind of learning, about yourself on an emotional level and brings out all your flaws amplifies everything, and so that thing of not being up behind of criticism in my personal life was something that I could get by on my life and not really have any problems. But then, when you have like hoards of people on the internet, criticizing you, it can get so overwhelming that it actually can cause for me like a real psychological shutdown which what I mean by that is like I. Just feel it feels to me so powerful, like it feels like somebody died like I get so emotionally and so well. The result of that one is like extreme lethargy like I'll just lay down on the carpet with like no well, and then the other thing is that, like obviously I get super defensive and super irritable and super aggressive towards those that criticize me in a way that's not healthy and and instead of learning from criticism, deflecting it all the time and making it the world's problem in online right. So that's kind of where my head was after these first blunders, I made from overconfidence I would say, and did you know things that I regret and it shattered my ego in a way in a real fundamental way. That I've also learned about myself as that I'm in my again, this is through pet therapy. That's been really helpful for me. Is that I'm, in my best most creative place when I have that confidence and that kind of not not a place of overconfidence or arrogance, but just feeling like that people like what I'm doing that I like what I'm doing that it should be a wholesome great thing as an F and I, so I think that's one of the root problems. Why I've had so much trouble? Creating videos for such a long time is because I've kind of lost my footing, I've lost that wholesome place, and so everything became very difficult for me. Having shattered my ego and never address that or deal with it or confronted it, and so what happened from that is that a chain it's set off a chain event of of defensive behavior and caused me to be depressed. So I want to make clear that I'm not using depression as an excuse for acting shitty. It's actually the opposite. I was not processing and handling criticism. I was losing my confidence. My ego was shattered and therefore it could have make videos and all this other stuff and that's what caused the depression. And so what happened now is that the depression actually made everything even worse right. It made it even harder for me, so it got worse and worse. I get criticized more and more I get more and more defensive and closed up and I want to make clear. You know I just kept shoving it all deep down and becoming more and more depressed. Essentially- and it's only been recently that I've been I've kind of hit rock bottom a couple months ago, where I was so amped up, I was so so the depression. It amplifies all my negative feelings right, that's kind of what the problem was and and and worst of all it made me extremely irritable, which is I, don't know if you know like irritable on that on that level, but it's the worst it's the worst, because not only do you piss people off, but you start to hate yourself to him because you're you know you're acting irrationally, but the emotion is so strong that it's like you can't be ignored, like just with ela, for example, at home like a lot of times when I would get aggravated or upset, I would direct my frustration towards you, even though, had nothing to do with you, because I'm so irritable and I'm up to, and in that moment I know that it's [ __ ] up and I'm being an [ __, ] and I hate myself. So much for it and I see that it's upsetting you and then you get angry at me. But it's like it's just this overwhelming irrational and I've even learned. You recognize it and I would know that it's almost like you're, not being yourself right now yeah, but it's such a cycle that I can I still I can't not get upset because you're, worse dude, you were being crazy, so I have every right to be upset. We know that and then it's just such a cycle like I, can't get out of it yeah. So because of this crazy irritability, I was really just making everything more amplified. I was reacting way too strongly and way too negatively to almost everything. Even the slightest annoyance I would lash out at things and people that were completely blameless. Super moody, irritable guilty, always in my head about something and even a negative comment, or somebody even criticizing me in the slightly slightest would like sent me off and I would just shut down. Even people that, like respect fleet, would disagree with me mm-hmm. What turned me like bitterly against them so I'm so bad right, I was feel like I was being attacked like fit. Like is like I said. It feels like somebody's dying feel like I'm, physically being attacked almost like a flight or fight or flight, so for the longest time being stuck in my head and not being able so the first two years, I've always felt like I'm not being able to grown or learn or maturing, which is so difficult, because I have felt so stuck and like this really dark black hole of negative feelings, just such an awful place and being so frustrated, I'm like why am I stuck here? How do I get out of here? What do I do about this I'm growing, more and more desperate, you know by the week and just falling deeper into that black hole, and so I would say about a month or two or about two. Three months ago, there's when I kind of hit rock bottom and I was like it was so I was just so miserable that I was so tired of being myself. That I was willing to do anything to be anything I want. I didn't no longer wanted to be myself because I I was prescribed antidepressants a long time ago and all throughout my life. Doctors have been trying to get me to take them, but I've always not wanted to take them and I think. The reason for that is was probably that. Well, one of the reasons was that I always felt like I. Wasn't hadn't done enough to fix myself mm-hmm, like I kind of had this unreasonable expectation that I should be exercising two hours every day and eating salad for every meal, and that somehow was gonna cure my depression and until I had done that, then I had no right to take antidepressants, mm-hmm, but I. Think another aspect was that I felt that it was weak or that it was a change that it would that I was weak or that it was somehow giving up or that it was it would change me I was afraid: I'm, not a big drug user, because I don't like altering my state of mind and I, don't like becoming reliant on drugs, but I was afraid that it would change me and I. Think at that rock bottom moment. I felt so strongly that you know what, if it changes me good, because I don't want to be this person anymore, whatever I remember, hearing I, don't know why I was thinking about this quote from Paul McCartney and John. Lennon talked about acid use and Paul said he never really loved it, because he was afraid of it. Changing him, but John loved it so much because he wanted it to change him and I will always thought how what an interesting perspective and I feel like I felt both of their perspectives. Now you know my whole life I was like I, don't I'm scared to change and that and then, from going from that, like I'll, do anything to change I'm, praying that it changes me so I had this bottle of antidepressants. In my bedside and I said you know, after dealing with this, hitting rock bottom I, just I started, taking it I, just I had nothing to lose and I couldn't really go on anymore. Like that, and so you know, I was I'll say this. The antidepressant is not at all what I thought it would be. The first two to three weeks was a little rough I think as your body adjusts to the medicine, because there was kind of well. First of all, I was in such a bad place. Mentally was kind of hard to tell mm-hmm what was going on in my mind and what I was feeling, but it definitely made me feel kind of like foggy and loopy and zoned out. It's really zoned out, like sometimes I, would just be like just not just totally absent. Like a member. Once in the driving a lot of rails yeah, we were driving and like there's someone crossing the street. Well, I was driving super slow and he was walking slow watching my car. So what yeah I was never gonna hit him because he saw me coming but like he was standing there waiting for me to stop for him and I was staring right at him, but I was just inching forward and I. Just he looks like. Are you gonna stop and I was like what he thought and I just I didn't see him I was just so like so I almost I actually almost gave up on the heads headed president. There was a but then I would say around like three or four weeks cuz. Everybody says it can be rough in the beginning, and then it starts to work after, like three or four weeks in the side effects go away. I had a lot of anxiety, too, about being able to perform being able to come out in the podcast for make videos and feel like I'm, myself, mm-hmm and after I kind of proved to myself. That I was capable of that. That he's a lot of my anxiety about taking it too, but what I noticed about the anti depressant? After all, the side effects went away and the fogginess and all this annoying stuff is that I was it's kind. It's kind of crazy, but I was not irritable anymore. Yeah I was still depressed, I was still anxious. I was still misery, but what it did for me that has been so amazing and I'm. So thankful for is that it first of all removed the this irrational, irritability and kind of gave me the foundation and the tools to start seeing things more for what they are and not this kind of crazy, irrational, irritable madness that I was experiencing the world through, and so that, for me, was the first huge breakthrough. I had and dealing with my situation and I would just notice it in things mostly at home, with ela and stuff things that would usually cause somehow a fight for no reason. All of a sudden we were like. Oh, we did this without fighting what didn't even get a little and what happened. Yeah almost remove my irritability completely and I'm telling you this was like a godsend. I mean life-changing, really life-changing and it hasn't changed anything else. I'm come I'm completely the same yeah I'm, just less irritable, and it's just it's amazing. What I learned about antidepressants that it just all it does is blocks your serotonin receivers, so they're as I understand it. I could be wrong about this, but it's called a serotonin uptake inhibitor, and so your body produces serotonin which regulate your mood and your happiness and contentment and stuff like that, and so this drug blocks the receptor that absorbs the serotonin. So it makes more serotonin available for your brain tumors. So so so it just makes you a little more you're. It's. It makes your moods a little better, really I'm again. For me, it didn't change me at all, except that my irritability completely went away, and so things that were making me crazy before I was able to see it for what I was, which I can't I. Can't it's really little things like it's just irrational. So all of a sudden you see it is like. Oh it's just a little thing: it's nothing! You know we're before you. It would say you often do like room a day. Yeah ruin your day or we would get in a fight and then it would ruin and then I would feel bad about making about snapping at you yeah and it was but like what. How was it for you when I started like yeah I, noticed it immediately all of a sudden like I, it's almost like we switched off sign, I seemed irritable compared to you. I know, I, know I'm like I'm, not an irritable person, I think oh you're not you've always been like super sane and grounded, and great and III wouldn't notice situations where I was like it's always like. We switch you a little bit because I would be like oh come on. Something would upset me and you're like yeah. That's fine yeah, so but you're in yeah, definitely but you're the same person yeah. So that was the first really important step for me, because I could now see things clearer. I could analyze things clearer and boy what a difference I mean, my goodness there's so much stigma against antidepressants and I really truly and I and I was I'm guilty of that me too I thought, if you don't have to I, don't even know why? Well there's, like your, you feel almost like a loser like you're weak, like you failed to solve your own issues. Yeah now before we started doing YouTube and stuff I, wasn't that irritable right? No so was it kind of made me feel more like how I used to remember being in a sense that I I always prided myself on being a more calm, rational, rational rational person and that kind of the self-image I had kind of melted away and replaced me with this really grumpy mm-hmm obnoxious person that I was starting to hate so that that was huge. I mean that that's huge and I'm still on it and I'm so happy that I'm taking it I remember in college, once there was I was having awful anxiety. You guys might know. I had like generalized anxiety, disorder, I could have benefited so much from antidepressant the college and I remember. There was a sign at my very progressive school UCSC. It said something like it had like prozac and it was like prozac nation making some artsy claim that, like oh we're all over medicated and we're all on Prozac and the undertone being like you don't need this you're weak, you're sucker. If you take it and I've never seen that being like yeah, that's interesting, who needs that [ __ ], and that was a very popular sentiment. Hmm I would say very it's kind of like an anti-corporate like anti like we don't need your medicine. Also I'm, a person, that's very like I, said: I have I, have an ego problem and so admitting to myself that I am weak and that I need the help of a medicine. For me was difficult to was divil to accept because it's in a sense felt like weak, a weakness that can handle it myself, mm-hmm. The truth is about that. That I've learned is that looking reaching out for help outside yourself is the first and the most important step in recovering from a situation like this, because it's not weakness. It's it's truly a strength because you have to get over your own ego and you have to accept the Grace and the help of other people and the tools I mean this is a well-researched funded, backed by incredible intelligent researchers and doctors and psychiatrists, and to just write that off, because you it's like I mean that's, that's stupid, that's not strength, that's dumb, all right. So that was one aspect, and now the antidepressants are helping, but I'm, obviously still depressed and I am still you know not cured by any means. Excuse me. So what was the next really important step? Is that I was recommended a therapist from a friend that I've been doing for about, like probably about a month or two months a month and a half and the therapy has been I've, always been skeptical about therapy too I. Think probably for the wrong reasons. Cuz. It feels like week to say to another person: I need help mm-hm, you know, but again it's like to think that you cannot. You cannot it's so hard to understand. What's going on in your own mind like again therapists this, my doctor is a PhD I mean this guy has learned, studied schooled. This guy knows how the mind works and he's trained to diagnose it and to almost debug. It he's probably seen so many people, and so many partners yeah, put together something from what you're describing that you would never yeah see yeah, but the thing that, like stuff from like my childhood, the way I was raised and the way that I reacted things, there's psychological explanations that are so important to explore, so that you can deepen your understanding of not only yourself but the world. It gives you this incredible empathy for how other people's minds work and how they're affected by their environment and, as I touched on earlier. There is a very good psychological explanation for why I get so defensive and shut down from criticism that I don't want to really need to get into. It just goes back to the way I was raised, but just learning about that and knowing about that and talking about it, is so therapeutic and it's so important that it's given me a such a good vantage point. It's given me kind of the tools and a little more support and foundation to talk to even come here and talk to you guys about this like this now and to think about it more of a healthy way and -. The last time I came in here and addressed Chris on the podcast I was ranting and raving and going looking like a freaking lunatic and that's just the symptom of everything that I was describing and so for me being able to come here and talk about this with you guys, I think is important for me, because I see the podcast as if nothing else honest you know like when I sit here for two hours live unedited over the course of nearly 100 episodes. Now 100 hundreds of hours of footage of me unedited, it's nothing else, but at least honest right because I cannot hide Who I am I, cannot hide. My defects cannot hide my stupid comments. I cannot hide my short temper, my douchiness, my shitty hosting you know if I, if I recorded this and put it into a video I, would cut all that [ __ ] out yeah or like you, you'll, try a joke and then we're like well that didn't come off right. So let's do it again, but here you don't even- and you can't know and to be honest with you it's this podcast has been one of the most difficult things I've ever done in my life like physically. If you talk about it from the standpoint of just sitting and doing it, it looks like it's easy to do just sit here. You show up you talk and you you know yeah, but from a psychological from a mental from a from a lot of other positions is the hardest thing. I've ever had to do, because one there's no take-backs, and so not only are you, the fans forced to see me more clearly of Who I am but I am forced to see more clearly of Who. I am because and I'm someone that's criticized. Youtubers and people on YouTube, you know what you see: it's very people, it's very nice when you post videos and you can manicure it and put it out, and you put it out for the people to see you one way and you get to see yourself one way too, because you cut out the stupid, [, __ ] and you forget about it. Then people see the video and they're like this good. This guy's great and you're, like yeah I, am great, and you forget about me well you're kind of a [ __ ] [ __ ], though your new hour of you being an [, __, ] and then 10 minutes of you being good. Exactly and so I'm, not surprised that so many people have watched his podcast Hindman like whoa. That's not the guy I thought he was or people who were making videos about, like all the things I mentioned because yeah it's. It is all in here everything you guys have said bad about me and that you've noticed the oh, my bad personality traits and all that it is it's all in here. You know. I can't lie about that stuff. It's all here, so it's been difficult, especially with this condition. I've had of being like depressed and irritable and having a psychological leak, unhealthy response to criticism, but it's all played out here and it's kind of the only way to do the podcast like our first five episodes. Maybe we were trying to edit down the footage and thinking about it like we used to think about it, video, but it just wasn't right, like you're, cutting down a conversation and then you're making decisions on what to leave, and it's not natural. Exactly. We came to that conclusion that it has to be like this. That's that's right. Is it a podcast needs? To be honest, it needs to be uncut because you've got to see the essence in the soul of. What's there yeah a lot of times like you were saying, you know, we would try to cut out a part of me saying something stupid or not just me, but the gas start we were like. Oh, this is a boring moment. Let's just go, you know and that's just I think a lot of people were feeling it. We were feeling it that it's like this isn't weird yeah, and so we took this leap into doing it live and it's been really tough and really challenging, and very exposing of me I'm here bare naked in a way. But I also think it's been really amazing for me too, because it's kind of brought me here now, where I've been able to just take. Finally, a close look at myself, mm-hmm and see it for see it more clearly in a way that I've craved so much these past two years to just feel like I'm maturing and I'm growing and I'm becoming a better, more wholesome person, yeah and I'm, just stuck I'm just like why am I so [ __ ], stuck drive me crazy yeah. You would say that to me: I want to stop like just feel like I'm stuck or how or where, but just feeling like I'm just pinned to the floor, or you know in a wig and a hamster wheel, but I think it's been. It's been an amazing experience in that way that we've all we've all been just you know here here it is I, said those things. I did those things. I am that person and it's good it's good to acknowledge that and feel that and be like. You know it's good. You got it. You got to accept that can't just walk blindly and I mean it's just so messed up. Dude, like I said it's just a black hole and it's not it's just what I didn't understand. It's just it's strength. It's not weakness to come before yourself and confront your many shortcomings as a human being mm-hmm. Instead of ignoring them and I. Think I was just I. Couldn't it was too painful for me, so it was. My ego was hurt and I was it's just too painful for me. It's so weird the psychology of it is so weird. You know you think it'd be so easy to just be like yeah you're right. You know I [ __ ] up, but it can be so painful, as Elton John famously said, sorry seems to be the hardest word. Yeah I, don't know why. So it can be so hard, maybe not for other people. But again this is my specific problem. I think that I'm, not learning about myself and I, said to ela something recently I'm still depressed, but for the first time in such a long time, I feel like there's a light at the end of the tunnel mm-hmm which, for me it was this black hole. There was a no escape. There was no answer, all I could think of was just permanent darkness and now I subtle name with the help of friends with the help of therapy, with the help of antidepressants, with the help of ela who's been with me. This whole time, there's just finally, I can kind of see a path forward to getting better a path to walk towards the light. You know- and you know with a kid on the way, my god I, don't wanna, be yeah. I want to be better than this right, like that's gonna, be tough, tough enough, I, don't need to make it harder I. You know I want to say you know, I readily admit that I've been at times an awful host, a terrible interviewer here, awful habits as a podcast host. You know speak on things that I don't know nearly enough about speak with certainty about things that I shouldn't and I definitely need to do better on these fronts. I need to be better. I need to do better and I expect myself when I want to be better I've been you know, I've heard someone say: I, don't forget who said it, but they said if you're under a hundred podcasts, then you really have no idea what you're doing and I really hope. That's true because we're caught this is number 93 and I know I still have so much to learn and improve as a person as a host as an entertainer mm-hmm as a human being, and we only have seven years, oh and yet, despite all that, so many of you have continued to support us and show us love and appreciation and to see the goodness and the sweetness in me. Despite my best efforts to thwart you at times, I think part of me was so I was so um I felt so distance from the fans in a way recently because on one hand, there's people that hate me and so I'm like I'll, [, __, ] them I, don't want to read the comic cuz, I'm too fragile, and then the people that love me I feel like because I hated myself and didn't love myself, that the love that they will show me wasn't genuine, that I couldn't accept it mm-hmm. It was just them being nice or whatever I, don't know, and so I think that yeah I, just I, don't know I couldn't accept any of it. It was just too much for me, but I do want to say that from the most sincere and appreciative place for the people that have continued to believe in me and see something good in me and something here that you like that it is amazing, and it means so much to me and I wanted to. Thank you all for your kind comments on that. So before the Tom and Christina episode, I had made a side that nobody seemed to like the podcast when there was a huge outpouring of love and support in the colonists telling me that I should keep it up and that you guys loved it. That was unexpected and very much appreciated and a time that I really needed to hear that I have thought about quitting the podcast honestly a lot yeah cuz. It's been such a pain. You know if it's such a pain, it's been so painful at times, but I hope, there's been good things. It's easy to focus on the pain and to feel the pain to talk about the pain, I hope there's also, you know another side to it and if you do see that side I. Thank you so much for sticking with us and enclosing to this long monologue, which has gone quite a bit longer than I expected. I want to say that if I have disappointed, you I'm, sorry, I know, I can be better and I want to be better to those that have continued to support us and spend your Friday. Your Blessed Friday's here with us I, want to say thank you for believing in me and looking past my imperfections and giving me the strength and support to push through it and I. Do think that it's important for me to talk about these things, because I think there's a lot of people out there. That can relate to my feelings of this whole depressive attitude and putting off getting help because somehow, for whatever reason in your head, I'm sure everyone has their own reasons, but that it makes you vulnerable or weak or whatever. It is but I hope that people can take anything from this, that it's actually your weakness and your vulnerability is part of what makes you human and acknowledging that and reaching out to help is strength. Not weakness. Weakness is shutting yourself up from the world and then you can fix all your own problems. Mmm-Hmm, that's just bitter self-loathing weakness and I hope that anyone out there that is feeling I'm just you know, feeling anything similar. What I said that you do try antidepressants and therapy there's a reason. There's study, developed and used by millions of people and professions. This is a science. This is a discipline. These people are amazing and they're here to help you yeah anyway, I don't know, I hope that was interesting. At least I. Don't know. If that's what you all wanted to hear for me, but that's it. What do you? Thank you anyway. Thank you guys all for listening and bearing with me through that. So love you all and we will be right back after this short break. Nobody wants to feel like they're overpaying, while shopping online, especially during this holiday season. Gifts, travels ugly sweaters, it all adds up, but you know there's an easy way to always get the lowest price. It's called honey, my dudes honey's a free shopping tool that automatically saves you money while searching the internet for the best promo codes when you shop online. That means that wherever you're shopping you're getting the best deal without even trying on your favorite sites like Amazon, eBay, j.crew, Walmart, Sephora, Expedia and more so much more honey has over 10 million members and each user has saved on average passively without even trying 28 dollars and 61 cents. They've got a hundred thousand five-star reviews on Google Chrome store. There is no reason not to add honey to your browser today, because let me tell you this: it's free, it works passively and immediately. All you do is go out the checkout and it does a little it enters the matrix and it's like boom. Here's, your coupon! It's that easy! My dudes! Try it out. You got nothing to lose, get honey for free at join honeycomb, slash, h3, join honey, calm, slash, h3, honey's, the easiest way to save money online. While you shop online with all the recent news about online security breaches, it's hard not to worry where my freaking data goes, making an online purchase or simply accessing. My email could put my private information at risk, you're being tracked online by social media sites, marketing companies and weird freaking pervs in the bathroom of airports that are stealing your credit card and your nude pictures. That's right. If you're using public Wi-Fi internet anywhere in a motel hotel without VPN, you are putting your butthole shots at risk and I've sent Elam. Many and trust me I, don't want anyone else seen. Those I cannot live with that being leaked. Ok, that's why I decided to take my privacy back and using Express bbm expressvpn has easy-to-use apps that run seamlessly in the background of my computer phone or tablet turning expressvpn protection only takes one click, expressvpn secures and anonymizes your internet browsing by encrypting your data and hiding your public IP address, protect yourself with expressvpn and it cost less than seven dollars a month. That's a lot less than it's gonna cost you to fix your credit after somebody steals your stuff. Okay and or the emotional damage of strangers seen your butthole. Let's put it that way: protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months for free at expressvpn, dot-com /, a tree: that's expr e SS, VPN, comm, / HD for three months, free with a one-year package visit, Express, Express, VPN com, / h3, to learn more. This is the year you can finally tackle your holiday shopping early and guess what you get everything you need for you and your loved ones at me on DS. That is right. Mandis has the coveted micro modal fabric, that is three times softer than cotton and if you've never felt this fabric get ready to experience pure bliss and underwear. For now, as you guys know, I've made famous how stretchy and breathable this me undies micro modal is okay. Now to spare you a shot of my genitals, I'll, put a hand here, but name a fabric that you can drape over. You like a body bag and still be in perfect comfort and and breathability. This stuff is a game-changer. Okay, they've got it. You got to try it they're. Really. True, this is bliss. Okay, now they've got holiday prints. They got new prints every Tuesday. That means you've got no excuse not to celebrate the holidays right down to your core and why stop at undies me undies is launching holiday print in lounge pants, as you can see, and onesies as well. Both are made from the same beautiful, coveted micro, modal fabric. How can you not get you and your loved ones? A matching pair of this breathable beautiful me, undies micro moto, so listen up, first-time purchasers when you get me undies you get 15% off and free shipping whoa Wesa no-brainer, because you get 15% off the most comfortable pair of undies. You will ever put on to get 50% off your first pair of free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed. That is a no risk proposition go to my undies comm /h 3. That is me Indies, comm, /h 3. If you're like me and most guys hate going to the store, you hate shopping for clothes, you hate picking out clothes I liked. When I was a kid and my mom, you suggest me: I'm not gonna lie it's so much more convenient. It's so much nicer and let's face it, she's got better taste, that's what stitch fix does for us guys today, okay, they're, an online personal styling service that finds and delivers clothes, shoes accessories to fit your body budget and lifestyle go to stitch, fix, calm, slash age, three and you tell them your size. What style you like? How much you want to spend on each item and you'll be prepared with your very own personal stylist, who will hand, pick items and send them right to your door. Then you try them on pay. Only for what you love and return the rest. Shipping exchanges and returns are always free. There's no subscription required. You can sign up to receive scheduled shipments or get your fix. Whenever you want stitch fix. Styling fee is only 20 bucks which is applied towards anything you keep from your shipment and that's how we do it guys going to the store know that you don't got to do that. Okay, all you got to do is go to sushi fix, calm, slash, h3 you'll get an extra 25% off. When you keep all the items in your box. That's stitch, fix, calm, slash, Aegis, we didn't get started today. Stitch fix, calm, slash, h3, give it a shot thanks for watching, and we are back. You know in the spirit of uplifting you all this podcast and keeping spirits high I will not talk about the fires devastating this date. Until we've watched a funny video first, okay, now their deal, do you want to watch a wedding dress explode or my new favorite show now on see. Tlc is the best network on television. Every show is an absolute golden nugget. You know what we're ones like you want. A wedding dress, a good, so 90-day fiance, as you guys know, is my new passion in life, but I have to wait a week, dude I'm in so deep, and that is like there's a guy. You know Larissa and the other guy are in jail and I'm like who are you talking about and there's like 90 day fiancé? Oh okay, but it's fascinating right, but you're like talk about them like it's a because it's it's so freaking amazing and like there's this really vibrant community on reddit of 90 day fiancé they've got all these great memes and discussions, and it's fantastic. It's so good, but I need something to watch in the week between, and so the new show that I found is called extreme cheapskates. Now these people are cheap on a level that is probably should be classified as a mental illness, because it's not like getting what's on sale at Ralph's. It's not like getting these guys like there's a guy and there they're like proud of it too. It's very interesting right, they're, all like they're all they all have significant others that are super embarrassed by them which I find, but they yeah they seem exactly. They all seem to be in really healthy relationships yeah, but like, for example. This is one guy he's like 40 and he's retired. He's like I have financial freedom, I'm retired from being a cheapskate, and none of my other friends have this. This freedom in life and this guy spends his whole day biking around for 12 hours, not because he loves biking, but because gas is too expensive, checking phone machines for money going to diners and checking the cushions for coins mm-hmm, and it's like that doesn't sound like financial freedom. That sounds like you could just get a job and work less hours, but they have got like this need to think it's it's. This need to feel like they got it. They yeah they got that one up and the result of some of this stuff is absolutely bananas. So this is one of my favorite bags here this guy's such a legend he's such a legend that during the first season they only had six episodes. This guy was in two of them by the way Amazon videos you can decide to buy season, HD or SD and I went super in the heard of this. Oh by the way, what's going on there, we were gonna, make a video and it didn't work out, and all this left is a stupid, [, __, ], Erica I love that the video didn't work out. Well, you're. Keeping the haircut we had this whole idea for video was gonna, be so good and I cut my hair for the reaction and all these sketches and we're sitting down editing it yesterday and I'm. Just like we're both like this isn't good I just cut my hair for nothing. You know I'll walk outside, because I feel completely normal and I'll. Forget that my hair looks like this and I'll walk outside without thinking a walk, shredder and you just you're just that guy I know some days. I, look in the mirror, like last night and I'm, like almost a kind of a good luck, yeah the way you'd kind of have your head tilted to the camera that that side looks okay but then yeah. That's a problem! Mad Max fallout five dollar coffee, so you know, wasn't been interesting: cuz I, buzzed my whole head and I took a frickin razor blade and razor blade, my scalp, and that was gnarly dude, but it was actually kind of amazing I have to say weird: oh yeah, it was painful. It was bad. I have a new appreciation for people that shave their heads with razors, but it was kind of nice, I think I'm, gonna, buzz it all off and pick my whole freaking head. It's like it's such a freedom in a way because your hair is gonna, grow back, all beautiful and healthy mm-hmm. And how often do you get to see yourself just like bald everyone at home is also like [ __ ] you dude every day. Every day, it's not being bald is not a meme I'm appropriating bulbed culture um. Where was I? Oh yes, extreme cheapskates. Let's see what we have here, so yeah I was saying this guy I only had six episodes the first season. Oh no. What I was saying is that on Amazon you can buy a season HD or you can buy SD and save one dollar and you have to dig. They have a more options button you have to go in there and in the spirit of extreme cheapskate I saved a dollar I was very proud in honor of these guys, most people consider paper, towels disposable, like reuse them up a little boost it up. Blah blah like could we use these paper towels three to five times. Roy estimates that over the last 10 years, he saved nearly $2,000 just by reusing paper towels, but doesn't that way, dental tasks we saving? We hunted his toiletries blades, which are kind of flimsy on these disposables. They get dull I sharpen them on the striking part of a book of matches, give him a whole new life. You can't squeeze any more else and it appears to be empty. That's the end and they just toss it away. [Music] and there's a week's worth still left in there. I buy cheap to play toilet paper and I get two rolls out of one that I have that I saw you need those two plies buddy, especially at your consumption level. We've seen what what he eats do and do we have the clip of him at the restaurant, because I need that one. No, we got to watch that one smart. This is nothing a little toilet plate. There's a lot like legs in general, the closer you get to the end, the faster it seems to go. That's a pretty the funny thing about that. I've noticed about these chips. These uh cheapskates is that they spent so much time. It cannot be a worthy investment of their time. I guess they don't work. That's the thing but like the guy will spend an hour D plying and then re rolling, a roll of toilet paper to save like I, don't know 25 cents or something you know I'm. It's like these guys have. But you got to see this guy at the restaurant, because that really is ain't ain't! Nothing! Let's see here extreme, oh the movie day, you've got this. One I can't believe brought me to the movie, so she's begging him. This whole episode to take her on a date night which I guess they do once a month or is it once a year once a month? And so she wants him just to buy him a soda pop in some popcorn and he's like whoa come on baby. What are you crazy? So he has a novel idea that some of you could use at home and in your zone, are you hungry, yeah I've told you I wanted something. So much could I have a banana. It's a big waste of money to buy food at the snack bar our concessions in any movie. Theater yeah, keep it low. Yeah people smuggle food into the movie theaters all the time, I don't like it, but they do it by bringing my own snacks I save at least another $10 eating a banana at a movie. There is the saddest [ __ ] I can imagine like damn banana and she's begging him the whole time. I want a coke and have popcorn. You said you didn't want the Apple I, don't want an apple I told you what I wanted when I came in, but I want to give up corn candy or a drink sistent on that alright yeah well I'm in a movie. What is even going on in that theater I think we went to a crazy matinee yeah. They went to like the cheapest show in the state or it's just completely empty. You know, probably it's like 3 p.m. on a wait. I don't know Tuesday who knows, but here we go my lucky day popcorn through the garbage. She grabs a bag of popcorn, he's literally rummaging through the garbage he does the decent free refills with it popcorn and soft drinks. So I found a few containers in the trash that surprised my loving wife, so by the way I liked, he pocketed a bunch of straws. You know this, lady, after being together for how long as they have she knows not to ask questions she's just like thank you, you made it happen, let's not probe too deep here so at they didn't show, but at the end, on the way out, he fills up the popcorn in the Saline again, the restaurant [ __ ] is crazy. He got I, don't I couldn't find a clip of it, but what was the other family that does it? I saw this is important, I might be, I might be. He's like a borderline. Freakin Regan ya know. Tell me about friggin it freeganism is, is people that I I don't know if they exclusively are always vegetarians or vegans, but they they have this philosophy that it's okay to eat anything as long as it is being thrown away. So it's like a whole diet based off of dumpster diving. Essentially, there was a guy like that in the show. Yeah I think this guy's down for anything as long as it's cheap. So this family is gonna last when I show you guys, but I urge you all to buy this on SD and save that dollar. Hmm. So this guy their house was so wild. So he takes his family out once a year with change. He saves all year to treat them for enduring, so he takes them to a buffet, and this is wonderful. You can imagine the dismay on everyone's faces. Son pulls up to a Chinese, buffet I couldn't believe it all. I can see, was food stacked upon each other. We were modest, fine, dining near of the table. We at least agree to give it a try. I guess we're here. His wife's aunt showed up at the last minute. Sting - always helps him out. I, guess and they're, like oh cos, on auntie's coming with us, and he was like the plates on ya. I was so mortified that he would even suggest it so it oh it's so the guy we just wash in this guy does the same thing. So at the end of the meal they start taking out doggy bags, and then everyone in the restaurant who hasn't finished their food, they start hitting them up and saying, can I can I take this home yeah that to me, what's the best part of this show and I? Don't know why and there's a guy paid in coins too right yeah and they don't show him pain. He whips out like a pantyhose full of pennies. It's so good. Maybe they started that YouTube trend of like huh, like they're Bradbury's, we're buying Gucci store with pennies. That guy's like dude, that's just my life. What's the prank I highly recommend this show is so entertaining there's so many more great clip these clubs. Don't even do this show justice, if I'm being honest but enough about the funny light-hearted stuff, let's bring it down. Yeah! No actually I do want to talk about the California fires, because I have a lot of incredible footage that I want to show you guys. It's been so nuts out here, like I, want to emphasize how was just one day all good and then in that evening, on the news it was like. The whole freaking state was on fire. Yeah I heard a stat that up north that's the campfire right, the agretti. This fire was spreading at the rate of one football field, a per I, don't want to say it wrong, one football field per second: what's really yeah that sounds well, maybe well! Well, yeah I mean no, it's just hard to fathom it. Well, it explains, then, why up north, especially there's 631 people missing that there's a good chance there dad so because this fire was moving so fast and so furious that people were chilling in their home or in the car in the mountains and didn't even realize they were in an evacuation zone and then all the sudden, you see some Amber's coming over the ridge and by the time you're packed up in your car. The fires consumed the whole yeah I mean so there's a town up. North paradise, paradise I do ironically named so this town, yeah I mean it's really beautiful in Foresti, but the state is so dry from a lack of rainfall that basically everything's just ready to go up, which is what makes these fires so severe. The population was 27,000 and in this city nearly 12,000 homes and other structures were burned down. Whoa 12,000 yeah, it was at 6,000 like the whole city, I mean like a whole city, was burned down, 12,000 homes and other structures and 631 people unaccounted for. Seven people died in their cars in Paradise. The boys was so hot that aluminum wheels, melted, it burnt, it burned paradise up north. A hundred and forty two thousand acres I have no way to fathom yeah what that means. But I have some videos: I want to show of kind of some occur. All these people survived and are unharmed, and we we had the Woolsey fire going on in our area and that one seems crazy and then once we heard the numbers of the one in the north, it's like. Oh, my god, it was way worse, destruction, unbelievable I, think here, because la is so densely populated. The evacuation here was way. Crazier there was a hundred and seventy thousand people who were under mandatory evacuation. There were six hundred structures destroyed and three fatalities in this fire and the one in LA and Ventura County I want to show some some footage again, all the or more well. Here, that's that's what it was. According to the stats I have in front of me correct me if I'm wrong, then those were I would pull that from CBS News and they published it around noon today. So it's about as up-to-date. Let me see here so this is the stuff is so it's like out of a movie like I, can't believe this stuff, okay, yeah, perfect right. So this is just where was this wrong? God, the this is the Paradise campfire, the one up north, so you can imagine like describe it for the UH. So it's a guy! Thank you Dan for reminding me. So this is a guy driving down a road and I mean it's Hellfire, just Hellfire rate up in hell, fire on both sides amber when smoke, and it's the highway to hell. Man and this fire was so like I, said, spread so fast and so furiously cuz. It was so windy. Yeah the Santa Ana winds, which is like pressure from ha I, don't know how the science works, but it gets really windy and really dry, and so this guy could very well just be at home, not knowing anything's going and then all of a sudden he's trying to escape, and here this is what it looks like yeah. You can only imagine how hot it would be in that card. Yeah. A lot of people met their end when from that car, literally, that's so horrible. So this is one look here. The car can also just stop at any moment because of the lack of oxygen and those like turns off and you get you're just wow stuck there yeah, that's well. Also, trees could fall on the road, I mean yeah I, never thought of lack of oxygen. Oh that's crazy! I! Don't know which one oh I think this was from Canaan. This is right right in Woodland, Hills and we've drove up and down this road a million times so how's that frame up that's okay, yeah! What's good she's driving what is usually a really beautiful and scenic road down to the beach down to Malibu? And it's just oh yeah, so she's going through a tunnel on the ground and as she emerges on the other side, you can see the amber red glow start to emerge. She comes out of the tunnel and it's just like that's such a scary drive to do in such a time. Cuz. It's like you drive to a mountains. There's already it's not going back side, - yeah, it's just smoke and fire amber actually visibilities. Like one foot yeah, you can hear the you can hear the crackling, how the hell did she record this? That blows my mind that she was able to drive and recalling the wheel, you know and got our fun I mean I'm in this ooh. It looks like she's out because she's in another tunnel and she's coming out and then it once again on the other side of the tunnel. It's just endless fire and ash and smoke. She opens the window. You hear that that is divorce road to beyond and this time it's a scary driver on a regular day, because it's so twist and turn and mountains and I'm amazed that she was able to record this yeah I mean how can you there's so many far over yeah I haven't watched 50 but yeah that's, but she makes me she's. Fine I saw interview with her afterwards she's laughing about the experience totally fine, but I I. Don't wish that experience on anyone. I mean that is so terrifying um, but my god she is a hero for I, mean imagine you're driving for your life and holding a phone recording it on one hand, that's something she needs to be like a professional camera, lady or something cuz she's got it. She's got potential yeah incredible stuff. Kanan is a landmark in in Los Angeles. It's this beautiful, really beautiful, Canyon Road that goes down to Malibu beach. So mm-hmm it's weird to think of it from a beautiful scenic route to that she's like Hellfire Hell, so there's more yet well. Have we here, I just thought this was so crazy here you can see that the freeway full of cars fire creeping up the side of the cliff and then a helicopter dumping water on the freeway as cars are still on the freeway I mean the fire spread so fast. They didn't even have time to shut down the freeway and evacuate it. So you can see these you'll see it's unbelievable I mean that's crazy. Look at this helicopter is literally dropping water on cars, on the freeway being in that car you just like alright and the worst part is that people are stopping to look so there's traffic like stop and go traffic right next to the fire. Why would you stop I think it looks like you see this they're all they're, all right next to the fire, just stop and go traffic. It's just cuz! There's down the merging! Oh, that is so so [ __ ] scary, but that's just a testament to how fast this thing spread. Like look at this just on the freakin freeway people got actually splashed crazy, huh and I do want to say: I was up at 5 a.m. the night that it broke, and these firefighters are freaking, amazing, yeah, like being a firefighter in California or well. Any firefighters are amazing. I have a lot of respect for firefighters in general, but these guys were grinding it out. 5 a.m. raging in front and they're out there all dug 24 hours. Just fighting this [ __ ] mm-hmm I had a profound appreciation for them, and there was a lot of police involved in a lot of I saw a clip of endued I know they say you're supposed to evacuate and everything, but I saw a dude. He had like a looked like a pretty poor house and he had like a farm and animals and [ __ ] and his whole neighborhood I was watching this live last night or not last night, when it was happening and his whole neighborhood was engulfed in flames and the students just there with the garden hose, is putting out Amber's and it looked like he saved his house. Man I mean he was just there with the freaking garden hose like against this force of nature, so huge respect for these freaking amazing people out there, and even now the fire is still going. You know, I, don't know it's still. I could be wrong Dan, it's like what 60 contained or something yes one and then one close to us and yeah I mean the one up north is still raging as well. So that's what you it's hard to appreciate. They're like now that kind of the dust is settled in the city. This fire is still raging on and these guys are still fighting it I. Just can't! Imagine that moment you come back to your house and it's gone mm-hmm. Where do you start? It's like I, just look at the woolsey fire that is 70 percent contained the one up north, the camp fire only 45 percent contain still gosh. She was many really luxurious. Huge expensive houses burned down yeah, well a much like architecture and art and why not I hadn't heard if, if it had been confirmed whether or not his house survived, but the director Guillermo del Toro, which you know I, know you're a huge fan of water, but he has a huge. He has a huge private collection of artwork from a lot of really famous artists, his house about when I heard about all they're like I, think it burned I think I heard a burn. Did he that? That's me? Let me guess crazy, because he had he had a bunch of really awesome pieces and I'd be wrong about that. Maybe you guys can factor that I'm curious, I'm, gonna. Look it up! Yeah I know that was like as of day or two it. This is only minor smoke damage yeah a lot of super-rich people, which is good in a way that, because these are people that can take it, but on the other, well they're, like their lives, are not ruined, but right. That's not to dismiss the pain and suffering that they'll, surely into her yeah from losing all of their worldly belongings and Konya. Oh yeah, yeah, kinda, hired private firefighters to watch his house and protect his house, which was interesting. God bless him. His neighbors - of evidently which which does neighbors his neighbors were thankful for him, but it was his oh yeah. That's what I meant is that not just to protect only yes but like to protect his whole yeah I didn't know you could do that, but, like private firefighters, they were saying his house is worth 60 million. So I think when you have so much to protect well you're, saying you're, saying when other people's houses are burning. Well, it's just you know. You can't afford the private firefighters to your house burns. It's not really fair. I mean well world, isn't fair and yeah army of firefighters goddammit you go for it, pani, don't save this whole neighborhood probably help the firefighters a lot because they don't have to come. That's true: [ __, ] waste resources on I guess my thought is just out these private firefighters. Nobody pays them. Do they just stay at home like well? I, know they're, probably not necessarily, firefighters, just like right. It's probably like ex-military kind of sure. You know yeah, but I had the same I had the same sounds weird yeah. It's not. It does sound weird I'm trying not to be cynical about it, because my first impression was like you know, yeah exactly what you write must be not, but on the other hand, it's like you know what, if you got the money, if you got the, if you got it flaunt it, oh for sure, I, don't blame Kanye for doing it. Hell yeah, but I bet you. In the end, it probably did help the firefighters love because they're not saving that yeah right he's like start with my house, but then you know help other people. If you can, you know I gotta, say I, don't like talking about politics and I, don't like talking about Trump and I'm, not a forest ranger. Obviously so I don't know how to analyze this statement, the validity of it but Trump's first response and and as someone that lives here, I want to read this to you. There is no reason for these massive deadly and costly forest fires and comfortable like oh. Thank you. There is no reason for is this better much better, there's no reason for the massive deadly and costly forest fires in California, except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year with so many lives lost all because of gross mismanagement of the forest remedy now or no more federal payments. This was his first statement. He did end up saying a lot of nice things and encouraging stuff, but you know again: I'm not a park ranger, so I can't assess his statements. All that might be completely and perfectly valid right up to that last sentence where you suddenly threaten pulling funding like you know, have that fight after we've stopped the fires, maybe sure yeah. My problem was just like as someone that lives here is like I, don't know, I feel like the world needs a little more tenderness. You know a little more compassion right now and especially in these times, when we're so divided and everything's, so political and I don't know I just felt disappointed that our president was making a political point or using it to make a point or to attack people when people's houses were still burning, good, we're dying in fires, yeah I, just like man, I mean you, you might be right, I'm, not even gonna, get into trying to analyze who's right and who's wrong, but I just wish that there was more freaking tenderness and compassion and the planet for each other right I mean if there may be a lot of validity to what he's saying about mismanagement, and you know things that can prevent it. But when it's an ongoing disaster, it's not it's not over, like people are still dying. It's like just you know next month. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about what we can do better I, don't know, and Donald Trump really is a role model for a lot of people. A lot of people look up to him and they've Aaron and I. Just think I don't know, it'd be nice to see more compassion in the world and less of whatever. This is that's all, and so I thought it was relevant just a little disappointed by a fire leader. I mean he leads. All of us not just his base he's still the president of California, even though Californians hate in general, you know I definitely am going to donate to support the people that have been affected by this I was trying to research the best place to do it. The mayor of Sacramento, which is the capital of California and just south of this, really incredible fire up north straight from the horse's mouth. Is that derogatory? Is that a relevant saying the horse's mouth? It's very bigoted against horses, mmm straight from the mayor's mouth. If you want to help the victims, please don't send supplies as the evacuation centers say they have been inundated. Those working on the front. Mind say that giving to the Red, Cross or habitat.org is the best way to help. So these are some good recommendations from someone directly involved in this. To give you some ideas, if you want to help I'm, definitely gonna donate myself, so there you go I've just feel awful for everyone- yeah, it's just it's just you know this promise thing going on a cow for these wildfires are just so they've gotten so out of control. Every season I was watching a documentary on Netflix that was really interesting about it. About a guy who's been following, I forget the name of it. Maybe you can look it up for me, one of you guys and better check it out. It's about a documentary crew that follows firefighters over the course of like a whole fire season. Hmm and the firefighters are saying that in the past, like 10 15 years, he's been getting progressively worse and the seasons been getting longer because there's the change in weather and the change in climate has produced less rain in California and so everything's more dry, and it's just making the fires way worse. There's a lot of dead trees, there's a lot of dry trees and California's a ton of wilderness. So it's incense from due to the change in weather, just a huge matchbox. Just a huge, so every season like this this one now yeah fire chasers. Thank you. Dan on Netflix was really captivating watching I watch it incredible footage. Last year the one in Ventura was the worst in history. It was the most destructive in California history, and now this year the one up north beat that record already, and it's still burning, Ventura County I, don't know. What's gonna this poor guys, man I'm from Ventura, originally they're, just getting crushed man I, feel so bad for them, two fires shooting they had that shooting and the next night before they can even mourn for the loss of like 11 lives. I think was 12 la novia that there that the freakin counties on fire same people that needed to mourn had to evacuate exactly man rough, probably if I had to guess a result of all the gay people, what bring in the wrath of God. No there's there's like all these preachers that say all the fires and everything bad happening in the world is because of gay people. I swear to God the Westborough, not just Westboro I mean people like more reputable than that. Like people with actual yes I have to look into the specifics of it because I don't want to say anything, not true, but I've seen lots of clips of preachers being like. Oh all, the fires out here in California is because of the gays. You know when you rub tube dicks together. What do you expect to happen? Huh when you rub two dicks together it causes more than just semen to erupt. It causes sparks. It's like two sticks, two sticks rubbing together. God said no like I rubbed, two big sticks and a whole fire burned the state down. If that ain't, the God, gazed and I, don't know what it is here. That's why God says you, because if you rub dick dry, you could burn the house. Oh Ella's got there. It was pastor, Blaine come here, you go. It was all over this. Let's see, pastor blames Coughlin Wofford's on states embrace me of LGBTQ, reasonable stance right there now Trump says that it's because of the poor forest management and the liberal saves because of climate change. But I I have an alternate theory that it's the gays when two men rub dicks together it can cause more than just ejaculate known for inflammatory claims. Passenger kevin swanson got a little subtle upon their inflammatory claims. Pastor, kevin swanson is drawing a link between california's, devastating wildfires and the state's embrace of same-sex marriages. Well, it sounds foolproof yep, remnants of god's punishment of the Golden State for legitimizing the sin of homosexuality. Imagine being God in you hate gay people that much the first gay God must be really closeted or something because he hates gays. Like way too much. The first gay pride march occurred in San Francisco in 1970 and then San Francisco legitimize homosexuality in 1972. He said in 2005 California state legislators became the first state in the nation to pass the same-sex marriage law 2018. Well, ok, you gotta have to draw more correlation than that. What is a Jim Baker's act when you guys find a video I want to watch a video of one of these guys sure now now a lot of people say that climate change is making the state dry. But what I say is that it's dry butthole, that's causing the fires. What I say is that the gay people, having way too much fun it's causing all these dang fires, please donate to my church because I need another private jet. What else we got here, folks, we got um what the eff we got. Men with beards are more attractive than those who are clean-shaven really agree. Really new study finds huh Dan. Have you found that to be the case? You seem shocked, yeah. Well, you know as having a beard not helps you. There's there are statistical, outliers, I, guess! Well, just imagine how about how ruffed be if you're shaving? Well, that's true, that's a good point. I mean have you gone? Have you been beardless in the past and uh? To be honest? Very rarely like not since I was a teenager, basically I've had a beard. Well, I'll tell you: I've had a beard pretty much since I could and I'll tell you that when I clean shave I feel like a monster, I feel yeah. It's not good. You know also it really like. If you come to kiss me or something it feels horrible to you, don't when you see that perfectly it becomes like sandpaper yeah, I hate it, but the the thing I think the real ticket for me. Well, this guy's handsome is [ __ ], with or without a beard, so I mean you know no guy, like me like here he is like, but formerly they did a study and they showed. How much are you like? They want to [ __ ], this guy. They just showed people probably but I, do think. In my case the beard it just hides my face and I'm gonna be honest and it's fine I'm not that insecure about how ugly I am. That is one thing I'm comfortable with. But if you criticize me I'll shut down but I, don't know. If that's what it is. It covers my face: I, don't I! My details are not that good I've got a tiny chin. I've got chubby cheeks. Everything going on here is not beautiful. Chiseled I! Don't look like Superman over this ass. That's the Fifty Shades cover it as much as possible. You can see my nose my eyes, my eyebrows, that's okay, I, don't know if that's what it is, but I agree with the you win to stay with the premise of this: do you think I look better with a beard yeah and you look looks for when I shave, no I, think that about everybody, no I think I do think that it looks better, not and I. Don't like a longer beard, though, that shirt, no there's a point. Well, that's actually what the study found to write that uh did they check about that? Well, let me let me there's: there's there's four tiers: there's like clean-shaven a little bit of stubble a decent amount of stubble and then like a full beard and the decent amount of stubble, which I think was ten days no shaving. That was, let me read many. What full beards are seen as more attractive than men who have just a light stubble according to results of a new study. They don't say what this study is so I don't know if it's reputable in any way, but it makes sense. Researchers found the widely celebrated attractiveness of bearded stars like Jaime, Dorman, Jake, Gyllenhaal and Chris. Hemsworth is apparently no coincidence doesn't hurt that they're, incredibly handsome as well exactly mm-hmm, the most beautiful men in the world are found a tracker, although could that be a cultural phenomenon, because I feel like in the 50s having a beard was seen as kind of like a beard, that's kind of like a new thing to come back, I, if I'm not mistaken, you know it definitely became like super hipster throughout the long yeah barren to buy like beard oils yeah, let's see as part of the experiment. Male subjects were photographed clean-shaven five days after shaving ten days and then after a whole. Four weeks without shaving 8500 women were asked to rate the men on attractiveness as a long-term romantic partner. Heavy stubble ten days was found most attractive while fold beards grown over four weeks came second, oh wow. They like the fall even more than the light stubble like stubble was third. While clean-shaven was ranked Alise attractive. You know shaving is so annoying I hate shaving to the skin on my face because it air takes your skin and I feel like that's part of why I don't like it too, because I know that it's it doesn't look comfortable. I'm like, like you, shave your legs. Imagine denying your basement. Jeez Louise I'd, like razoring, like some parts like my neck in the back I use a razor for the back of my neck in the shower. That's changed my life mmm, but this is so the reason I grew a beard to begin with is because it's so irritable I keep getting like dried out and oily is a whole goddamn thing ever. I know this weird question, but have you ever had a professional shave where they use like a straight razor and like somebody does it for you? I, don't know that I have Dan. It's so strange. No I'm kidding that. Wasn't that weird, it's honestly I I did it once nice. It was awesome and it doesn't irritate you I mean that's. The biggest thing is, the razor is so sharp that it doesn't make you break out a normal review. I do have a fear during that procedure that they're gonna slay your neck, yeah Sweeney, Todd style, just [, __, ], I ain't, you down I, think I have a rational fear that they'll just be like whoops got him. I was nervous, it is it's freaky I mean I got a guy with a razor, sharp utensil to your neck. It's it's a little uncomfortable, but seems nice I like I, would go for that I like what this article is on Yahoo style. That's where I calm, you I love all these tech companies trying to like exist in the shadow of Google Yahoo style, but the research paper concludes that beards consistently render men with an older, more masculine, socially dominant and aggressive appearance. Oh damn, girls are [, __, ], crazy, I want a man. That's aggressive and dominant beards may be more attractive to women when considering long-term than short term relation I'm. Looking for a man, that's socially dominant and aggressive for a long-term relationship, as they indicate a male ability to sex, successfully compete socially with other males for resources, I think you're. Looking way too much into this yeah I think it's a fad. Of course. Not everyone can grow a full beard. It all depends if it suits you. Okay, whatever tell me what else is Google style got to tell me about the work yeah. Do we have any clips of those crazy preachers? I was trying to find this Jim Baker guy, but can't seem to find any evidence so Jim Baker. If we've, if we've solid your name, unfairly I apologize, you may or may not dig gaze. Now. Many people think that whenever it's such a stupid, even many people think that you don't think I should continue with the whole preacher thing or no he's hidden the board in the crickets. Many people think you blame I say being gay is fine just as long as you use Lube, when you rub your sticks together, you can hit with the cricket on that one bended, Tom and Christina we're at the thought of cricket. They were like, so they were both had this visitor like what yeah it's funny to us, because I I don't have that problem. There's so many I know it's funny. It's amazing to see they're both really like recoil at the sound of the cricket. I love those guys they're. So freakin awesome aren't they. Yes, they are um. What else we got here. Oh we got some. Should we go on to fan submissions we're at an hour, 45 yeah. It's time, uh, Joshua McCarty, says hi I'm, a big fan of the show and thought I would suggest showing this gem of a video I'm from Eastern Kentucky and my local news station had a segment about a robbery, I won't say anymore, but encourage you to watch and enjoy Thank You, Josh, wolf, I think we're getting some really great clips. Yeah I want to say guys, keep sending [ __ ] to podcasts @h straight reproductions, because there's been some absolutely great stuff there I want everything. I want questions. You want, you need advice. You have any reaction, any suggestions for reaction, videos, you like what you see it all looks good, that's what I was like damn boy, what you think you agreed that it almost looks good well it. What I mean is that it looks like a style, not not the side, you're showing us right now. [Laughter] looks like you evacuated. Well, it's just not my style. I'm, not I'm, not I'm, not slamming the style. It's just not my style, yeah, that's all! But I. Actually it was I swear to God. It felt so good to do it all the way down. It's really really amazing. It grows so fast. It's already like it was the skin. Two days ago. Yeah, oh I, wonder if there's a research about hair stubble research found that men were more attractive when they weren't completely bald to the skin. Zach just pointed out, you actually look like the dude from the dude from his Robert De Niro from taxi driver yeah yeah, we wrote out a bunch of we had a bunch of hair. That was one of the insoles Maya. We had I looked like mr. cleans, inbred cousin and then how do you look like? How do you look like a Jew and a Nazi at the same time, yeah, but that it was really shaven and it looked like it when it was in her yeah? We had a lot more. You look like definitely taxi driver reference. At the end there God, torturing people people are gonna, be demanding this video. Now it was really bad anything folks, the haircuts, the best part you getting all the good memes. What else there were so many. Let me just I'm gonna look like we got nothing to do we're at the [ __ ], video, no I'm gonna watch that I just I want to at least enjoy what little jokes I want to salvage or whatever I can from this more than what we said. Let's see you look like a 90 villain extra yeah a little bit. Those were all meant for me to say to you. Look like a dollar store, zorg from Fifth, Element, um I. Think my favorite is: how do you look like a June skin at the same time and mr. Queens inbred, cousins? Yeah, that's great video I just gave you the hi. We can just clip this and put this on me. Hopefully we are going to start over and make a new video new subjects. New everything I, hopefully I- can leverage this haircut into a new joke. I don't want to waste a broccoli assassin cut for nothing. I was calling this the carrot cut because the broccoli was more about the crown. The carrot is more about the stem. Oh yeah, that's like a carrot cut. If I had spray tan I could be a real carrot. Cut like a nice orange. You couldn't make that happen. Alright, let's watch this. Thank you too, for your submission. Joshua, your home is never a good idea. A Floyd County man found that out for himself after having a gun pointed at him when he did just that. Wymt Shawn Alan talked with the victim in that case is on the rise Methos. So his club must have been a bad batch round here. Coz ford counties went crazy in the last four days. Neighbors notified Mason Tackett that his cousin Philip Matthew Higgins, was seen carrying items from his house when I finally got down here to the house, look see what happened. The door was standing wide open. It looked like he was packing up for yard sale when he came back by the way this shot. Okay, get this shot cracks me up. What is he like? 1 inch tall yeah, it's like a chase through grass. It's like, like from his point of house perspective, an inch tall. No, it's not that that's belonging to him around the house, because I guess he thought I was upset with these items, not normally the target of a would-be burglar who steals a cheese grater Philip Aegon's is charged with receiving 7 million being a convicted felon with a firearm in Turkey Creek, Shaun, Allen, wYMT, Mountain News hard to believe that's, not a sketch. Yes, he stole my who steals a cheese grater. Oh yeah, where did you say, Kentucky yeah, yeah, Kentucky, golly I feel like that deserves a golly I feel like that deserves a Jiminy Cricket I. Really, you could say anything with that accent and it would be funny amazing. I'll tell you what no ok. Thank you see hit me with that cricket. You gotta, like I, really don't mind it either can't use it golly Jiminy Cricket, who steals a cheese grater. He stole my Nana's I gotta find something yo boo, just boo. This was an interesting story. Taylor Swift apparently used to travel in a suitcase to avoid paparazzi. Now Taylor Swift was one of the most famous people in the world, and so I can understand that trying to avoid paparazzi was probably a source of great discomfort and and annoyance to her to say that leave, but the the level that she went to to avoid them was amazing and I want to say as a testament to how annoying these people are, rather than that it should reflect poorly on her. That being said, it is incredible Zayn. This was at One, Direction and Ian confirmed. So this guy from Zayn says Taylor Swift was travel around in a suitcase during the summer of 2007 teen, and so he Isle of the huge. So here it is here's the alleged suitcase now the other day explain to me that this was actually a rumor at the time and was like dismissed as just being kind of a mean. It's just way too over-the-top to be real right, but now evidently this guy's saying no. You know this is all really happening. Taylor Swift, so this guy they were dating, or they were friends and I, feel super famous yeah. It's fine outing! Also. It's such like a undignified thing for someone like Taylor Swift, but alright, now curl up and I wonder if it's like well-padded, if it's nice and cooked I was wondering that's what I like heard of it, or is it even like form cut to her? You know: I mean like it's a little like fetal position, Taylor Swift slot that she just like space in there, Taylor Swift being transported in a huge suitcase from her Tribeca apartment into her truck fleet of cars, including large Cadillacs, and three SUVs arrived at Taylor's apartment, Rebecca, dime of a large suitcase from her apartment. Also, dozens of Taylor ship security guards were present to move this package carefully, as Taylor Swift remains to be unseen for a long time now, I went and there's a bunch of other photos of this suitcase and for the audio listeners. Do you understand this? The suitcase is not well. You would have to be more than a person for sure. She'd have made her own all crunched up in a ball like if you build a cannonball into a swimming pool. So here some detectives have it's a little bigger than a regular okay. Well, it looks like a mute for our use for musical yeah, but you can see here, I mean if anything, this is kind of a testament to how effed up this paparazzi imagine you're willing to do crawl into a frickin suitcase that well do you know what she's probably doing she probably wants to go. Do something private. Maybe she wants to fly somewhere, go to a beach without everyone, knowing what she's doing all the time every day yeah. So if like I get it, if you're trying to go, hang out with all these vultures, like filming you and recording you it's like yeah, you know you got to do what you can I always see: videos of Justin Bieber and the paparazzi people driving him crazy, yeah they're, pretty aggressive with Justin I've, seen that [ __ ] till he gives some [ __ ] back though I like watching those yeah, but there's a lot of videos where he's nice at first and they really push it well, they yeah. They start asking him really inappropriate. Yeah like getting in his way, so he can't drive away yeah yeah yeah man Fame on that level is really yes, so it can. It's so check. People need to appreciate how challenging and I mean those aspects for sure I mean people are paid to try and piss you off literally like they're just there to piss you off, so you flip out and then it's a story story right. Just imagine that everywhere you go in public people are paid to piss you off and record it yeah I mean so I hope that people have a more of appreciation for what ultra famous we'll go through on a day-to-day basis that it's not all just because there's I always hear this kind of set of like oh, you have no right to complain. It's like tell that to somebody that crawls into the side, a suitcase I mean obviously the the riches and the fame that that is, nice and I'm sure they enjoy that, but you're right, it comes with baggage, comes with some serious baggage to a lot a lot money doesn't buy. You happiness, I, guarantee and promise you that it buys. You well one way ticket in a freaking suitcase in this case. I thought that was wild. I was frankly shocked by that yeah. What else we got, what else we got, what the Frick gals do we got people showing explosion, but that little Kanye goof Ian. Do you have anything to say about this? Kanye goes, oh, you want to come in here and watch it with us he's like Jay King said. Please, no, really, there's not much to watch sweet guy, you know, but if you don't want to I won't force, you I mean I, understand that you have a choice: I'm, not gonna, podcast rape, you uh-huh, but you are fired. If you don't come with, should we show it now yellow? Let me find it there's a new meme now about what else me saying what else there is yep used to be fascinating. Now it's what else! That's funny! It's been a long, a one-pot! Okay, where is it? I got a whole list of things here. What else do you see in this document? Yeah I'm? Looking at it right now, you can you highlight it for me: yep when I see it there, it is okay. Kanye has gone on stage dressed as the Joker correct me if I'm wrong, not intentionally I hate, to say this and I don't want to offend anybody, but he kind of looks like the guy that I hate to say this. So don't say we shouldn't the hair color and the Joker is reminiscent of okay I'm, not oh, and the guy that shot up the theater on the Batman, not saying he's shooter are just saying it looks like the guy. Is that awful to say I mean he looks like he's doing. The Elaine dance kind of from people have speculated that he's on drugs. Is that substantiate er? You think he's just having fun I think once the power of that music just takes over your soul, you can't do much, but just let it possess you like. That's the drug yeah, it's the beauty of his music mm-hmm. Thank you very much reminds me of Elaine, though, and a little bit of a goober, just in general like fun. What am I talking about? Why were you such an [, __ ], he's having a good time? Let it go dude dance like nobody's, watching that's what they say. Whatever gotta judge the guy ruin a good ass time. Why people gotta say it looks like the shooter who shot up Batman, theater yeah who's, saying that [ __ ] ignorant he's having a great time yeah I wish I could go out public and dance like that. Get it I heard that people were really happy with his performance in a good time. Dude! Look at me being it yeah yeah. Let's see what they think somebody's go, yeah, whatever I mean to recover. Imagine reading reddit comments on live on a podcast. Well, it's been less. The wedding dress is very short, so, let's wrap it up here. Texas woman declares our protective woman celebrates our divorced by blowing up her wedding dress. Well, I can see that that was a healthy relationship, man. What the hell did that guy do to you. There's like a whole party here to celebrate. That was a lot more than I expected yeah just be like a little m80 or something that's a real explosion. What that guy did to her man, but that's a good. It's a good thing. You guys got the board yeah all right, guys, we're thinking of doing an extra episode on Tuesday. Now me being a fan of the Howard Stern Show. They have this segment called cleaning out the computer, which is all the segments and all the stuff they had planned that they never got time to do on the show. Thinking of setting up a panel here with Ian and Dan to join us and to go over all the great things of the year that we never had time to get to do an extra episode on Tuesday. Let me know what you guys think about that idea, not that well who watches this deep anyway, if you, if you're watching type in the comments, what should they type in the comments under the Frog loves, Miss, Piggy's, big, titties, right yeah? That's the classroom! That was the big one, but I want to know. Did you know that I read this, that farts used to be actually a danger to public safety before people started wearing underwear because you would actually fart out Air Assault [ __, ] particles, people could breathe them and get sick, I swear! That's why I read that's why people wear underwear? They invented it back in the day. So I read it I, don't remember, but it seems credible, but that your farts, obviously our permit, are passed through the fabric, so the [ __, ] particles are not allowed to freely enter your neighbor's face. So you look that up. I swear that going commando is like a public health nuisance. Well, no I think through the pants, you're, probably fine, but if you're like bare ass, farting, I, don't know, look it up. I swear fact check me right now. You know I am he was all [ __ ] I think that whole that whole statement about farts being dangerous. That's what people should type if they've stuck around this deep, hmm type. This did you know. Farts are dangerous if you're not wearing underwear done deal and then, if I see that I'll know that you want an episode on Tuesday. Well, if you watch this tape, you probably do want to Epsilon -. This isn't a good sample size. Necessarily listen! This guys have a blessed beautiful Friday. Thank you all so much for watching and again I want to. Thank you guys too. For all the nice comments. The episode before last was and other than amazing yeah no I mean there's been a lot of criticism which I'm happy that I've acknowledged, but there's also been a lot of love and support and understanding which I have a tendency to focus on the negative and dismiss the positive, but that's so messed up and everybody who takes their time to show support and love. It means so it's so important to me. It's so appreciated yeah! Thank you, I mean truly. So with that being said, oh I didn't mean to do that. One I'm! Sorry, you guys! Nobody loves that one yeah I meant to do that. Well, I'm, not going to touch the sound. Thank you all have a blessed beautiful, Friday, a wonderful, productive, happy wholesome weekend, there's a good chance. We might be her on Tuesday bite and Friday and then the week after bill Wirtz, which I'm very good also. Was there any progress on getting uh? What was his name? What was his name that comedian I love, I'm blanking, you were in touch with them. Oh yeah I've got Ryan Ryan Ryan Ryan, Brian, Regan, Brian Regan there you go I, love him so much so he might be coming home. There's no plan. We are also planning to do a charity stream like last year. Yes- and that might be the last episode of this year right, that's on what the heck was- that cheering. No we've officially run out the outro song. It's looping, oh [, __ ]. We got plenty time to talk about yeah, we'll have time to talk about it. That was gonna, be on December. Well, hey! Thanks for watching guys. We love! You wish you all the cake on Tuesday, bye, [Music], [Music], [Applause],.