Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast, with a very, very special guest in town for VidCon. Is your boy buggy? Well, I'll, be honest with you. I am actually here for this podcast VidCon yeah yeah I'll be honest with you when we were playing at VidCon this year. You you mentioned the podcast more like six months ago said you want to be on it and like the next time, I'm in LA, but that's the entire thing. I thought the whole time I was afraid to approach you I was like I'm gonna demon just demand to be on it, but I'm like well I know he's busy and I was like you got so flow this Friday. Isn't it steve-o this Friday so flow next Friday I said you like a packed schedule anyway. It fits you in time. Well, not a lot of people can I'm a big guy. Unless you know that I happen to be a little extra wide. We got all the space you need by well. For me, it's like I know you, don't you don't get the opportunity to come out to LA free for you, although you have been traveling more well, we've been trying to, but this body does not like it very much anymore. It started to you know: it's been a downhill battle, I'd like to say uphill battle, but it's been a downhill battle over the last couple years with diabetes, getting worse blood pressure getting worse and everything else. So it's difficult to even really leave the house anymore. That's busted out back these busted knees and stuff like that, but we push it to its absolute limits and we try to come out to LA at least twice a year, at least for the game Wars at least for VidCon I. Think now, I'm I, don't know. If you know listeners know this, but I'm scheduled for gastric bypass in July, 25th, yeah I, and it was a three year process to qualify holy [ __ ]. So we had to lose a ton of weight to get down to an idea how much how so, when you decided that you wanted to get the gastric bypass surgery yeah, how much weight did you need to lose? Seize them? Well, okay! Well, the very when I knew that I was gonna I when I liked finally came to terms the fact that I would need gastric. My best I was 13 years ago, oh, but then like financially I, couldn't afford it to begin with. How much is it well, I mean in 13 years ago you're talking about you, fifty sixty thousand dollars. You know right and that's just like I've, surd and I couldn't get insurance and I only work. I get was part-time and generally us your like nepotism through friends and stuff. Yes, did people don't to put me on their health insurance, that's crazy, right, right and so I knew. That was the first step and to finally get enough money in the bank to be able to pay for it. So the doctor I'm working with if you're living the Northwest Arkansas region, dr. Turner, is an amazing doctor. He managed it coming a really nice deal, it's right under 20,000 and it's on a pocket. You know, but you have health insurance. I do I. We bought the best possible package Arkansas offers, but they they don't want to pay for that surgery. The considered to be a cosmetic surgery which sounds like lunacy to me, because it will save them millions Lee. You know if they were doing that surgery pay $18,000 to keep me from having a stroke or a heart, attack, yeah and like how much is that gonna cost you well right, but it you know. But politics aside, then I but I have my biggest I was 600 pounds as your just right under 600 pounds, then I've long and then went back up to 560 and then back down to 500 and then back up to 550, then back down to 500 and yeah and I managed to trend downwards on like an average. But it said that yo-yo thing a lot of people. My size tend to do that, just like with the with how life what life throws at you. Sometimes you just I mean I know that feeling on a micro-level right, like I, tried, I have I have a little bit of like a fat guy. Disease I always think because, like ela doesn't care about food but I get it in my mind like when I just I need a [, __, ], cheeseburger or I need to eat some [ __, ] and I. Don't have that self control like ela doesn't care about food, but for me it's it is kind of I guess it's kind of therapeutic I will tell you now I. Just this um I want to confront you with right away. You've called yourself the Fupa king of YouTube. Are you kidding me dude? Let me tell you something: you ain't got nothing on me, listen I, haven't your Papa got I haven't seen my dick and so long I could have it declared legally dead. You understand, okay, listen to me. I was taking a piss the other day and which is by the way, all guesswork. I'm. Sorry, for what I did your bathroom before the show, but listen I I heard a clink of the glass hitting porcelain and I just passed, a kidney stone took a step back looked in the toilet, there's a tiny little bottle, scooped it out inside the tiny little bottle was a tiny little note and the note said dear Steve, please send [ __ ] sincerely your prick, so I know he's out there as an SOS right. Please somebody! That's [, __ ] hilarious, all right I'm, not at that level. Yet, but I'm, not that many cheeseburgers away from never seen my dick again yeah I, don't know, I, see now I'm self-conscious of other people's weight, so I watched you you've been slim it down a little bit man, but it's like you were saying good. It's looking good good. It's like you're, saying I lost like 25 pounds right in a month and then I got sick and I just like lost all [ __ ] I was just like I'm sick I didn't eat for a week. [ __ ] this and then that was like a month ago and I've been putting on weights and I, probably gained like five pounds back and that's like that's yeah, that's what everybody does right and that's the biggest problem with once you get big, it's so hard to not be big. Yeah and like you'll, see people who hit these record weight losses. I have a friend whose name I'm never supposed to mention, but he was on a television show Extreme Makeover a weight loss edition right and he ended up on the show and he ended up losing a dramatic amount of weight. Like record announced the way, hundreds hundreds putting I think one of the most record losses just period ever in the air and, of course, like every other contestant, that you read about on Biggest Loser every other contestant. He gets home and puts half that weight back on or in some cases people put all of that weight back on or even some cases he put another 100 or 200 and like that's one of the reasons, I and getting the surgeries because I want to be an advocate for it. Easy for a lot of people, who's somebody's like what 50 pounds overweight, like you, are maybe 75 pounds, overweight, jeez! Isn't that when somebody's like that? That's that big! Are you not they probably like I'm, just kidding I'm just but I would imagine you probably your biggest 50 pounds over your ideal weight, I'm, probably about thirty, okay! Well, this is something I. Don't think anybody will realized to you. You get here. I did not realize exactly how tiny you guys actually harmless to consider the source Yeah right, but I'm always amazed when I see someone I feel like a monster Ethan, because he always exaggerated yeah back foot forward is so good. I mean the one so good one I consistently hear when I meet people for the first time is one you're skinnier than I thought and then the other one is today I think you're I, think that's it sexy fat and you actually you're not as funny as I thought, constantly stop hanging out with me for 10 minutes, say you're really, not as funny as I. Never thought you were funny man, that's good yeah! Don't worry but I want more proper introduction. Oh yeah, oh what's up, ladies and gentleman of YouTube booked into 988 coming at you live once again through the power of the Internet tonight. Now I want to talk to you a little bit about my friends, Ethan and good wine who show is the hit start taking over hey guys? It's me Francesca. This is actually my real voice. The focus there as you cared no tears. Would that be awesome. New proper introduction, uh well I mean you need no intro buggy to 988 he's a legend of YouTube he's been around forever he's. Well he's a [, __, ], legend and I. Think everybody. You know your reputation exceeds you precedes precedes, exceeds me, probably appropriate. I, don't know one of the seeds, it's seeding something and then of course you heal Klein. If in case you don't know him check out his channel, of course not he's a legend I mean when I do twitch to for the people watching us, which don't know. Oh yeah, you played over Wi-Fi nights. We and I will tell you. Let's talk about something by the way. I'm glad to see you finally coming over to twitch, but where were you four years ago, when I was telling everybody the ad pocalypse is coming shift for diversify? You were safai where you're four years ago antennas we weren't really on YouTube. To be honest, that short of a time we've been we're making like $100 a month on YouTube for years ago. Yeah, like four years ago, we were uploading some, but we weren't like doing YouTube dude. You want to see what we were uploading four years ago. I think I swear I've seen it. It was my art projects. Basically, let me show you what we were, what you doing for years, honey, because I was saying I I, think I've been following you now, I guess the majority of your career, [, __, ], [, __, ], [, __, ], [, __, ] I was so embarrassing. I'm, sorry but, like I, said, I think I've been following you guys, since I saw you on reddit the first time and I. Don't know is your first time on like such our such videos. But may I we binge watch everything we have. My friends are very Saturday night and we tend to binge watch YouTube a little bit and Eric from Comet etiquette is a bit of jacksFilms back on these. Do love them the grammar, your grammar sucks, and then we somebody I'm, like let's check out, let's check out these guys for straight hours. That's just kept coming back, and so we watch your entire catalog did and we've followed you ever since it must be. Isn't it crazy when you hear that I mean it must be the same for you when you hear that people actually sit at home and watch your videos what's insane, it's pretty wild, it's so what's insane to me. Is that actually like that you guys even know who I am or I'm just saying a good story for you? Okay, I have to hear what I'm saying like when you create on YouTube and I live in Arkansas right now, I, don't have the New York connection or the LA collect connection right and I I'm loose I've, always been a recluse I spent seven years as a shut-in. Once man I, don't generally like people very much, and my wife really brought me out of that shell completely, but I've always been good with people, but that was just like -. I was good at getting away from people like even me, one arms-length and so I. Creating this like vacuum right and you get all that negative stuff. I get a lot of negative stuff because my size, because my opinion sometimes a lot of the Xbox kids hate me because I like PlayStation or vice versa. You know- and that's the real hey estimate gets in your head. You know oh yeah, so it exacerbates and I go crazy and then I come to something like VidCon and then I get to meet. Creators like you who I'm watching every day and I respect like you can't imagine. Like last year, I had dinner with Burnie burns and I've been watching Burnie burns, since yeah vs. blue in 1998, really cool that we were streaming red, vs., blue and 240 people walking around quoting that and the late 90s, I guess or maybe early 2000s. It's insane when the people that you love and respect and watch every day you love and respect you yeah. Yes, that's that to be in this room is just mind-boggling to me. Well, let me put in perspective for you, okay, because when one of the it's almost embarrassing- or it's not really embarrassing, but just gives you some idea of like where everyone starts, we were. We started in Israel, and it's also just such an awesome thing about YouTube is that you can do it anyway. Remember the reason that I really went after YouTube I was watching Jimmy Kimmel and he was saying some [ __ ] about how, if you make good stuff in this day and age because traditionally was like you had to know somebody you had to have somewhere to send your [ __ ], you had to suck somebody's dick he's like these days with YouTube. If you make good stuff and just put it on the internet, people will watch it and I was like damn. That's that's really that struck me. So I decided I want to do YouTube, cuz I, don't have any connections or anything but I know I want to be entertainment anyway. I loved your earlier work by the way, the earlier job is so weird. It's very different. I loved watching I loved watching you grow into yourself, but really this is chill. This is the story. It's insane to watch um. You know I I thought for sure. Yours me like over the corner. I walked in here today, because I mean you were so uncomfortable in the front of the camera. Oh yeah hell, he was making you do it at the mic. Should I call a spousal services to make sure she's not like a couple of thousand plug, see now she's happy. This is for your own good. Thank you. We do love ya, I. Think I'd speak for everybody when we say that what you would people don't care about me anymore. It's all about Mila client for life. I was saying I think before we like officially started this dream. I was telling you that it's it's daily for me, like I'm, still yeah, I, still I can't even watch myself. It's really hard by the way me too I have exactly yeah. I have [ __ ] a lot of trouble, sometimes like it's not you know there everyone's full of neurotic people everyone's neurotic. To a certain extent, it's just some I feel like I'm, pretty neurotic too - I will say because of the nature of what I talk about on YouTube for the people who are listening to don't know me very well: I do like a bunch of stupid, comedy stuff with the Francis character and I talk about games a lot, but every once in a while like dip down into the personal stuff- and you know there's a period of time in life where I was suicidal. So I talked about that on YouTube and I get a ton of letters because that people, you know I, have some really good stories of some really bad stories. You know, I won't, bore you with too many of them, but then I talk about you know what it's like to be a big guy and there's a lot of big people out there right now, struggling with their weight by the way. I'm, not a health at any size, er I think that's one of the biggest [ __ ] scams of the world. You can be healthy at any size for a little while, but that eventually does catch up. That bill becomes due by the way kids yeah you know, and when I got on YouTube I wanted to serve at the very least is a bad example date. Don't do what I did people, because I'm miserable isn't my original plan, but when it comes to the anxieties, I lost track, it's gonna make their um. We were talking about and we're all neurotic right. Was it there. So the number of youtubers who will open up to me when I get that five minutes was just a VidCon and obviously I'm, not gonna betray anybody's trust. Yeah yeah, like they'll, say: oh I, saw that video and had hit me because I've had suicidal tendencies or I've had did I've been there kind of things either right, I'll talk about it all I want to talk about. It, I think it's interesting. So people know that we're all humans right, I will tell you I genuinely believe, genuinely believe that there's not a youtuber in the world that publishes a video and goes I'm very satisfied with that happen, maybe once or twice in the history of our tale. Usually it's like it's like [, __ ]. Usually when we post a video, it's like oh [, __ ]. This I can't work on this any longer. I need this out of my life. I need this out of my life right now, I've been I created my account in 2006 and I started. Making videos at the end of 2010, eight ish right, I started, making put videos about 2008, ish and then around 2010 is where I started. Taking it serious matter, no I met my wife I've met. The girl is gonna, become my wife and I'm, like man. I need to like not just screw around on this thing. I need to see if I can make something of it, but I've never been satisfied with my work and never like anything. I've ever done every time, I put it out in the world. I'm like this. Is it I've ruined everything that video was in the and my wife God loves so funny? She has to endure this once every three months, because I mean you know you, you know now, of course, you've had a meteoric rise. So certainly you probably don't know. I watched your YouTube stats go boom like it's just a we have like plateaus and and strikes strikes and gutters. Well, I've always had that. Oh but I checked your social blade. I cannot [ __ ] believe how like you've chugged along, because you hit four million subscribers yeah and that's over the course of like seven years and just like steady grinding right. That is that's what it, what perspective all did well I have a history in web design and search engine optimizations. So, every once in while the algorithm will have a new problem with my channel they'll have a problem with the way I'm uploading, the frequency that I'm uploading or the topics that I'm talking about and I, have to completely reinvent myself and but I'm pretty good at figuring out an algorithm and pretty good at figuring out what they need to deliver. My videos, though, isn't that [ __ ] up about YouTube that you're not like hey, do people like my videos, it's all about like is YouTube trying to kill my channel this week by the way and just people I'm afraid when I talk about the algorithm killing, my channel people can think I'm like a whiny conspiracy theorist. This [ __ ] is real er, real and the worst part about it is when you talk to a Google engineer every once in a while and I have several things: I get hacked at VidCon last year, yeah and so I got to really get to know the Google engineer team, the one engineer by the name of Jeff. If you're listen hi, he took his day off at VidCon to sat down with me for four and a half hours to restore as much as he couldn't. It still took five weeks night to get everything back together to where I could read up load and everything, but that you know during that process we talked about all kinds of stuff and then I talked to some of the other youtubers that are connected as well. Obviously won't betray any names or anything yeah a prophet. They they'll talk about the algorithm and the guys at YouTube. They know right, but the way Google seems to operate based on what I've heard, secondhand or the way YouTube seems to operate. It's the same way that Google operates, there's not a lot of of there's, not just one boss and everybody kind of works in these little pods, and so my friend Jeff worked for the notification team and like well who's your boss, he's kind of like well kind of I, don't know it's poorly about yeah yeah and they know they don't talk about the inner workings at all. They're super secretive and, like every time, I've spoken to a Google employee. It they'll be like you can't ever say this publicly. This is strictly confidential and then they'll say something it's not even interesting and I'm like what the [ __ ] tell me the good [ __ ], but but it appears that they it's just like one hand, never knows what the other hand is doing, and so that's entirely possible yeah and it's like we will all break off in our own little pods and, like someone came up with the idea of the notification idea that wasn't like handed down from Susan or something that's just somebody came up with and I went and built. It then showed it to their boss and that boss is like one stalled on the website. Let's see what happens yeah and so since they're just pushing out new code and different times in different places. Even they don't really know, what's gonna happen and they know that we get tore up right, but they also know the resilient ones will find a way. Well figured. Well, it's all about money. I mean that's, not exactly true. I think of what I understood, but the thing is that I learned from talking to engineers I, don't think this is confidential. It's not, but it's all like machine learning. So a lot of times what I learned. What should actually shocked me is that they don't even know what's happening, because the algorithm is machine learning and it's constantly tweaking itself. There's no longer the engineers aren't even involved at this point. They just like check up on it periodically to try to understand what it's doing right but I think a lot of people there actually don't even understand, what's happening, which is such a shame, because when Google was brand new and I was doing that web design I started doing um. Just like silly fan pages on like Angel, Fire and I know. Nobody knows what that is, or a target how Hugh cities, your mafia and eventually discovered like I, was I started designing for clients with just basic HTML and then eventually like they open that up to India and there's so many skilled coders in India, they're, more skilled to me other work north, a fraction of the price yeah. So I couldn't compete, so I worked on search. Engine, optimization and I realized that all these little stupid pages that I created I could figure out which ones are getting to the top of Google searches then sell that information, and they would only update the algorithm every three so I crack it two weeks in to push it out to my clients and they'd all push back a thousand bucks for the information. This was pre. It is right, I, said boy. This was Hitler's, provide Katzie 97-98 right, but then they started like rotating algorithms, and so you never knew what was going to be active that day. So I could sell you the key to one algorithm, but it didn't mean anything you could affect. What is that the key to an algorithm? So basically it would wait different things at different times, so today we're looking at this parameter or that parameter today, we're looking for these particular keywords that they hire or we're parsing. This particular part of the language differently or we're looking for words and headers and we're looking for words and bold or we're looking for bolts and tables and we're looking at tables, and so you could figure out what specifically Google was high-ranking at that period of time. But how did you make money like you justify somebody? You wanted that information is crying because, oh you were just giving information. Something's gonna be trending tomorrow right, so you buy that or more specifically way that you would format. The webpage is specifically what I would be sewing and so I would figure out very quickly that all of the pages that I had that had tables built in or that one was performing well wha. The pages that had frames built in so that was not performing and so I could push out to those people. So back, then it was even more like web page exactly right and so translates a little bit to YouTube. Oh yeah, but not same algorithm. I have no Matt Pat from game theorist that guy is I, don't know he's insane when it comes to like the YouTube, algorithm and stuff that I just did. I went to a small convention, I go to it every year called retro Palooza it's in Texas and I'm. It's real small, it's the game, chasers I know. Nobody probably knows him that well, but they're, just a great group of people and just want to play a party with so I go down to it and one year they got Matt Pat from the game theorists to come, which is like a super weird number one I normally headline that thinks I was mad, matt was there, but secondly, this young lady. In the audience she says, I'm having some trouble on YouTube trying to get my stuff seen and I. Don't really know what I'm doing wrong. And so can you help me with that and I'm thinking? She wants that normal inspirational answer, like you know, be consistent, yeah and stay true to your sign. Come on make contact it yeah right they come to the people engage with you, try to figure out what your virals gonna be. Do what you know? That's not Matt, that's not Matt Matt is like alright. So do you have a pen and paper? Let's start talking about the header, alright, so in in the title of the video, you need to include at least six to eight keywords now in the description. Second, I, don't believe in that [ __ ]. Can we talk about the text? Alright? Now here's the thing. Nobody realizes this yet, but the algorithm now looks at your thumbnails 30 minutes. 30 minutes I'm just reading her, the google playbook like I, is actually a really nice guy, I guess the thing is: okay. I have dude I've been trying to understand that [ __ ] for a long time, I think we've come to the point, though, where thumbnail title definitely matters, but not in terms of of getting suggested. All that matters is hey. Are you gonna get monetized right, yeah? The algorithm is now just basically a game of Ken. This video raw ads or not yep, the search this the suggestions is a total [. __ ] show like it's just based on I. Think, like your click-through rate, which that information is not available to us. No and it's an impression so I mean like how it's a search engine, optimization guy, I, hate I'm a bit we're born, but like a lot of your audience right now impression how many people saw the page, how many people saw the thing, though, don't know how many people I offered the link yeah I, don't have that information. I can't figure out what the click-through rate I can't well, there's a page and- and they won't tell me how many times that's why they don't tell you, because that's the real right missing piece said to the equation: click-through rate is probably the single most important factor, and you know they don't tell you that because they don't want you click baiting, but it's like people are gonna [, __ ], it's like bait its kind, and so basically, if you've got a video on the sidebar and it's getting clicked more, they do a test on every video right. This is my theory. I, don't know this. So they'll show you for like a thousand views and if people nobody clicks it, then you don't. You go away right and there's like new rounds. I feel like every like 10,000 views, depending on how many views you're getting so reassess your video every 10,000 views and see. What's the click-through rate on the sidebar on this suggested right. If and it just keeps going and keeps going and then that's how you get some videos with like 50 million views just from being spam, you ever been suggested a video. So much it like follows. You everywhere was a video YouTube likes. Bagged unanimously was on every video I created for a year. It was you know it had like 93 million views yeah and it was 8 1 minute long, video of an eight-year-old child swimming underwater, every video I created that got recommended number one is I know why it's because my number one most viewed video is me falling backwards and yes must have the most insane click-through rate, for whatever reason people are clicking, the [ __ ] out of that otherwise YouTube wouldn't show it. So it's on one hand it's all about that click-through rate and then the other like it used to be tags. It used to be description that [, __ ] doesn't matter at all. Tags is just they're, just a dupe to tag yeah. It's it Casey, nice, ok, so nice that doesn't use tags really he doesn't use any tax and he hasn't for years and that guys in trending every other day a little another conspiracy by the way but like so they don't use. Tags is literally just entrapment. Well, I thought that it it can serve as a positive thing in that, like if I talk about a video game, I will always include PlayStation 4 Xbox, one Xbox X, 1x, X, Box 1 s, Nintendo switch those keywords because you don't have a maybe you should get it, because people are saying volume up, how's the volume out there, Carlos okay, so never mind getting trolled, no okay, good, but I think that the the advertiser bought does look at that for choosing what ads will get displayed. If so, I decided I do think. That's wrong! I! Think right now, all that matters is the title and the thumbnail. Probably if you have Xbox in the title, that's probably 99% that makes sense. I think tags are litter because people stuff the [ __ ] out of tags forever. They I genuinely think they only ever think about that when you put stuff that negatively affects you, I think you're right if you put tits or sex or [ __ ] or some stupid, ass, [, __ ], then they're like oh hey, how you doing thanks for the signal right all right. So at this point it's like it's like really intricate, weird machine learning things, but mostly it's just about engagement, slash a certain amount of survival guilt, because, let's say this time last year, I had gotten really frustrated with with the face of YouTube and I, knew like you were talking about, like you to drama to extent, but not like, like maybe like a keemstar kind of level of thing and keen was doing it, but he's doing in this keemstar kind of way, which I don't think appeals to everybody. I and I've, always liked defranco's way of approaching stuff, like the Franco I, think it kind of a man-crush. For me, he knows that now, but but I love the way, he's very, very neutral down the middle about a topic when he presents and then delivers his opinion and I thought nobody's doing that for YouTube drama and I I thought man I'm gonna do that I'm gonna, be that guy and I got a lot of praise from people I really liked, but I made a video about Toby Turner and that video did not set well like to perpetrate what was going on with Toby and I'm like man. This was your angle. Well, it was just basically to talk about what the Franco had said to say what Toby had said in his own defense and then just kind of just over middle right. Just this is what the Franco said. This is what Tobias said. This is what the rumor mill says: I don't really know, and then my personal opinion was I feel bad for the guy. You know, because it's easy to decipher like that. Yeah I thought, let's just all give them a little bit of love and let's see if we can help and figure it out, but it still didn't sell well. So why didn't it sit? Well because I I felt like what, if Toby saw that right like he didn't know who I am I I saw him at VidCon the year before, and he didn't know me from Adam so but I'm thinking what he saw. That and though I thought I could not know. Hey seems like it was pretty positive right, but even then I the anxiety kind of got to me a little bit, and so the next video I made was about Matthew Santoro, who I've talked off to off and on for years and when he got claimed for a plagiarism, right, yeah and so I talked about. You know the transformative nature of taking a list and making it into a video which is very transformative right and even if it was using that base list almost verbatim in a court of law that might very well stand up as transformative and the only real angle they would have when it comes to fair use, would be attacking the the fact that it destroys the value of the original list. No I, don't think it was ever at risk for being a copyright infringement. It was just like kind of like oh man right, it's kind of [ __ ], but that was hey. That's how reddit took it for little wall. Is that that's ridiculous, like right, yeah and so I tried to dispute that it was not ever a fair use, issue yeah. It was just kind of a moral issue and so I made that video and then I'm, like man, I me and Matt, have talked off and on about some real private stuff. What if he sees that video did I I? Remember you were talking about drama back in the day or not even drama but topical issues. Right then, there was the thing where you'll removed a bunch of right you're like so a friend of a mentor. Alcohol goes far as a mentor. John Bane total biscuit yeah message me on skype, one night and he's just like hey man. Are you doing? Okay and after I made that video or us talking about the anxiety that I was getting from those videos and I'm like I? Don't know man I, don't feel so good about what I'm doing he goes. Well, here's the thing man! If, if something happens in my life, are you gonna make a video about it? What about Dodger about Jesse? You know cuz! We talked about that. Okay, you know it's like you know. John, okay, totalbiscuit has a weird thing about drama right, he's he's the one person who's always consistent, like he had this big conspiracy that everyone got blacklisted because of drama channels and like robber, I, don't know if I agree with that, I don't, but but here's my take yeah well. Actually, if you, if you don't mind it, that was enough to where it pushed my anxiety off the edge and I'm like you know what I can make content that isn't this, and you know what I'm gonna feel a lot better about myself. I'm gonna feel a lot more comfortable with what I'm doing like. Let's get back to the roots, let's get back to the game and let's get back to that stuff. Well, let the experts do that right and then, when the ad pocalypse hits my income drops 20% I barely dropped right. Well, you mean it dropped to the the YouTube Horsham I had come drop about 20 to 30%. Its peak was about half what it normally be, and it's right now about 60 or 70 percent. What it was last year and so I had like this survived it. It went down. It went down. Mine dropped. Of course, everybody's dropped. No, but I'm just a nurse. So when the first eight you drop, 20 I've dropped like 20, then and nonpoint ft after about 3 weeks and now I'm back up to about 30% what I earned last year. I was like 70% last year, right and I might eventually be back to where I was. You know, with the algorithm, continue to learn of the contactor I'm creating, but I keep thinking. Man like I've dodged, a bullet there by you by deciding to clean them, I, don't think I feel kind of bad about it. I, don't think so. Yeah I, don't think so. I, don't think that's what happened at all you don't know well good. Make me feel better. If you tell me not enough, tell me what do you they go well. First of all, I feel like you're, always trying to like find reasons to make yourself feel bad I've been through that myself. No, that's me that I'm not sure I, don't kill yeah, just there's! No! Your your decision doesn't impact anybody. It's just but I, don't think that drama channels got affected one way or the other I was talking to some people who made drama channels they're, making more money than ever right now and our our CPM I think we got hit especially bad just because we have a lot of like edge year. Videos like yeah I, don't know whatever. That means on YouTube like I mean you're, you're, pretty safe, you sit there and Utah tonic. You sit at any talk, there's nothing! No! It's I, don't think what matters. So much is what you're talking about it's more about like um, subject matter like the stuff that really gets. You is talking about like terror events and [ __ ] like right, exactly that's the stuff they care about is like making fun of feminists. [ __ ] like that. Right surprisingly, those videos have better CPM than any of our other ones. That seems reasonable. So, like that's one of the things that I just admired about you right, like I've, always I've I, might my Youtube subscriber list I think surprises people, sometimes cuz, I, love, idubbbz, I, love, filthy Frank and Max mofo, and just like all the people that push the edge of grade and, like obviously, you guys too and I love the people that put [ __ ]. Well, the reason I've always preferred to your content. Everybody else's is that most of the time, even when you're, like direct Tarun somebody apart most of the time, you're still the butt of the joke, most of the time like I, probably the video that I think exemplifies that more than anything I go back to the guy, with the swords cutting through shades, yeah and stuff steak, and, like you just like you inhaled that guy pun intended. Oh you impaled that guy you ruined him. He just followed me on Twitter by the way like a week ago, but in the same in the same video, then there's you like flipping around in your front yard, a dog turns you know at the end of that video you're, not even really thinking about that anymore, you're laughing at you. That's like I, like I, really appreciate off, of whoever you're focusing on right and when you do put heat on someone. It's always in. It's never hate its memes right like when when idubbbz goes after somebody I mean it is yeah Wow like that's just straight-up great school level, bullying, sometimes which I love sometimes as long as it's funny for you. It's always. It's always it's memes. That's I appreciate that swing with memes and I love that I really appreciate it. It's definitely something we tried it. Sometimes we like I, think that's like creating everyone has their different personality right and so, whatever they're making has something of their personality in it. Yep and I feel like for the both of us. It's really hard to just like which just maybe we're mean to someone. We don't like that feeling right. So back in the day like we always I love, for example, Ian's content- oh yes, I love it but I couldn't make it myself right. Stupid I feel like like the video made about Tana. Oh yeah, I did contemplate him like man. Did he go in too hard, but at but I guess that's that's his style right yeah and he brings it to that point. We were like [ __ ]. Did he go through more, like my favorite show on television I hope you've seen that Nathan for you soon? Oh, my god. It's [, __ ], brilliant yeah. It's like the semi reality. He goes to businesses and he tries to help them, but he just makes everything worse, but it's like a reality show they don't know that he's like doing a bear character, but he pushes it so far, sometimes that you get really uncomfortable. That's my sense of humor. That's exactly my sense of your senior very uncomfortable and my roots are in like Richard Pryor, kinnison, Eddie Murphy and like 80s Eddie Murphy. If you never listen to the lyrics is one of my favorite right, but it's like today, I have trouble listening to that. It made me feel uncomfortable in the 80s. Now it makes me want to like turn off I'm like oh, my god. You can't say those words. Even Eddie Murphy can't say those words. You can't say that right, um, it's just insane, but that's that's, always been my comedic style, so I started on YouTube. That's what I wanted to do right, like I, wanted to be like Fat Boy, get later all right, I'm the whole Nick I'm gonna get naked. The joke is I'm fat, that's always gonna, be the joke. Yeah and I. Don't know one day, I. Just was a depressed mood, sat down turn on the camera, just started talking to it and and and then I was like therapy for me, and then people responded to that way. More than I responded, any like me eating meat, weirdly or I was watching recently, some of your classic. Like the Mountain Dew taste test, video I love you like [, __ ], oh my god, I was like god. This is just hilarious, [, __ ], the part where you're, like he's he's in the video testing, there's like eight different flavors of Mountain Dew and towards the end you're like oh yeah. This one tastes like diabetes I can feel my toes tingling I, like that I was like man. That is those rolls, and those were always like. Just a riff off the cup off the cuff, like Gotti reminded me of opens, reminds me of the old school videos we used to make just like the Wild West [, __ ]. You know the stick of those was always to be believable. I wanted someone to think that's a real that wasn't really something that was the brilliance of Francis and then eventually I had this boiling point where everyone was into the joke right, and so, when I did, that I was like well now, it's time to be a little more transformative with the character, because no one's I mean everybody's heard of me. Now, if you you know, even even the new faces of YouTube, don't find it believable like the young, kids or whatever and I don't want I, don't want preteens watching my content anyway right, you know so I know the number of times I swear in Francis video, so I tried to I try to be transformative with it. I think it still works. A lot of people prefer, like the voice, changed dramatically because it used to be a very I. Don't they still do it, but it's a ago she what Killip it could be Francesc it I is very low. Then I wanted to try to make a little more cartoony, so it kind of hey guys. What's up me free action, let me tell you something: I don't know, and I really prefer that way of doing it and I have like some comedic inflection inflection in it, and it sounds much more like a cartoon character. It's bit less believable yeah, but still to this day, like my e3 content this year, I really really wanted to do III right. It's all the Francis sketches for e3 I've wrote as many jokes as I could and my wife sitting down. Next me writing jokes with me too, and tried to go very old-school with it, and I got a brand new group of people in who then the very first e3 video I uploaded with my regular voice, they're like what the [ __ ], what like people mad still they get mad. Do you say they like the idea that Francis is real? Oh god is so convincing, so I think the first time I saw France. Maybe I thought it was real, oh you're, making my day right now! No, but well! This was like back early days a YouTube and that [ __ ] was like all over the place. The francese Ray's videos were like was such a character. Was such a meme I was like a beautiful part of YouTube's. History was the Francis rage, but to go I was I, was about to tell sorta I, think you'd be flattered. Well, yeah, it's interesting, it's kind of embarrassing for me, but we regardless so back in the day when we had like I, don't know 500 subscribers. Whatever I remember you made a video. This is just like. You were like you made a video about how to grow your channel mm-hmm and one of the tests was to like reach out to other youtubers or something yeah, and so back in the day. I like sent you a message on YouTube. Oh god just want to say, I'm a fan, and it's really one of these really quintessential yeah I. Don't think you knew about it. But, like you get these messages all the time I mean people I, think Big Easy's. All the time like these really quintessential cringy, like hey I'm, a fan check out my [ __ ] as I sent you one of those you're. The only person I ever sent. I sent you want Garamond, you got me okay, but it's completely dude, because I would tell you to this day, I block out an hour hour every day to respond to as many people it was a YouTube direct message. Oh those are hard to find that's how long ago, but like literally because I respond, it becomes insurmountable I can't right yeah, that's what like. We have a. We still have a P o box, but if I ever mentioned in the video yeah, it's a it's a roomful of yeah. You can't do it like it's impossible. I, that's amazing! I can't believe it was like I. Did it. I wrote it. Oh my god that was so stupid. I shouldn't do that. It felt just really dumb it's adorable, but I was just oh, you know back then you do it. You [ __, ], you're out there and now we're best friends for now looks yeah I mean it is kind of surreal, though, that I went from writing you that cringey ass, hey check out my videos right, but that's the thing like you know what I probably have it on my computer. I think that's the only damn I've ever sent on YouTube I got to kind of pull that up. Here's the thing like the next PewDiePie, oh I'm, probably better than fine, no offense Felix, but the next PewDiePie that again Mike's number one youtuber could very well be you in the audience right now right. They could be very well chugging, along and I. Think it's still possible. I know what you're about to say. I think it is still possible. If you get the fundamentals right: oh yeah, Logan and Jake Paul right yeah, you got he's, got to number one figure out what people want to see? Number two! You gotta figure out something you can do that no one else is doing or that you can do better than anybody else right. If you do that, like you know, video game wing was not a thing on YouTube at one point and it became a thing because a handful of pioneers made it a thing right. Yeah, fidget, spinners were nothing but I mean you know I, it's so fun, I! Think back to three years ago, at VidCon and I'm, listening to to Susan doing her little address and she's talking about gaming on YouTube and how to become the number one category on the platform create and she's like what will be the next surprise category that comes around the corner. Well, it turned out it was like leafy hate speech, but it was that died off fest thank God, yeah, really bad. You know what I I don't know if I I feel like I took that very personally that whole thing, because I don't want it to my own horn, but I I think we kind of pop realized that genre can I say that no I can believe that I have agreed yeah. When we like reaction videos like when we started there were only reaction, videos like jinx style, where people sit and watch the videos have been around forever. Those are always been around and then, when I, when we started, we felt like there was no one. That's actually commenting and like putting in this effort is putting some effort into it. So that's how I remember it I, don't know if maybe someone else was doing well, but when we started pranksters were super popular and basically, when we had our first big break and when I got super passionate about making videos. It came from me watching these prank videos getting millions of views and I was like [ __ ]. This [ __ ] is so stupid and nobody's talking about it. So like it all our channel was kind of born from that and I think for a long time, I remember thinking. We were slamming all the pranksters from Vitaly to prank invasion right and there was no one else doing it and then, after being successful at that for like a year, then, like all these commentary channels started propping up yep and they were doing it like [, __ ], like just really lazy and daily and I, was like [ __ ]. These guys are kind of ruining my [ __ ] I, like kind of stopped making reaction videos for a long time, because I'm like this is so sterile. Everyone said well, I would see somebody compare what you did to that right and when they do that, someone would like it see it and read it and someone immediately be like, but he actually that's nice transform. He actually transforms the antenna right and in some cases, even so much as replicates it and then someone and adds to it and that's the difference between what you and anybody else in that category ever did was. At the very least. At the very least, there was generally more commentary than there was the original video and you very rarely showed the entire video and then I were the one who gets sued, but when you you're the guy who popularized, costumes and and sketches written around it and recreating it and, of course, flopping around a dog hurts in your front yard or everyone's doing that right right, that's what that's! What always drew me to your content, so when people would ever lump you in I would always see somebody immediately and if they didn't I would I. Would you know my little secret reddit account where I post well, here's the thing that still it's a very transformative, integer and I? Think that's so important right I mean it again again. Like I said you know, you don't hit hard, yet that's the it would mean. Obviously that's the thing that bothered me the most is like there's kind of a lot of responsibility. That comes with that and when we first started, we had under a hundred thousand we're making reaction videos. We could talk, [, __ ] and take shots at anybody, because we were punching up legs so hard right and then it came to a point where we had a couple million, and we had this realization, like we just always think I wonder if this person will see our video and then we came to this point where we realized they're, going to see our video they're like within 5 minutes, yeah and and I need to make sure that I'm not I, don't want to [ __ ] anyone's life up I, don't want it yeah I know, and so they came out and deed. They didn't have any moral thoughts didn't have any scruples. They would [ __ ] on anybody, they would say anything and they were just they were [ __ ] I mean YouTube was a really horrible place for a long time, yeah yeah, and when that it all to me, really came to a head with the Tommy NC incident. Yeah like that was the one that I was like. Are we we had? We at the line now is yeah, that's where this is where it happened, right that whole situation was [, __ ] because, like they were all blurring the lines like keemstar was talking to him about how he's fine he's has fake autism. Remember that kisser was on this crusade. He doesn't actually it's like because I didn't know, keemstar was just riding leafy's dick the whole time and I have a story actually again but good for Tommy. No, it happened with another kid with autism that really made fun yeah after Tommy I talked about responsibility on YouTube, so I will go ahead and say all of this is alleged because I also this is proven I'd. You were saying, but I made a Francis video right at this push me for, like 7 or 50,000 subs, this video alone almost pushing her like 7 or 50,000 subs to like half a million Wow. Alright, sorry for 752, 1.5 million double myself, but it was that whole Xbox, vs PlayStation era, where they're coming out with the Xbox one of the coming out of the PlayStation 4 and the console wars are really raging, and so there's gentleman by the name by the name of Adam worth hi or T. If you're watching this is all alleges, please don't sue me. Are you saying this is version of story as I know it? Okay, he started mouthing off on on Twitter about him and a friend we're talking on Twitter thinking. No one would ever see it and they're talking about how the Xbox one is going to be an always online device and people are like sending him questions like well. Here's the thing: I don't have a good internet where I live in a rural area. How am I going to use my xbox one and I? Guess? Why would you live there? Move to a city you know and like another guy's like oh I, I'm, a naval officer on a nuclear submarine, we play xbox 360 there. All the time will it work if I, don't I won't have access for six months at a time. How will it work and he's like it won't also? What's a nuclear submarine like just being kind of mouthy or and kind of tongue-in-cheek II, but people didn't take it. That way, so has that story is breaking I make a Francis video about it and I call him out by name mm-hmm, so the next day he gets moved to less powerful position at Microsoft and then soon after he resigns and then he goes into hiding for a while and then I hear from someone secondhand hey. Do you remember a guy by the name of Adam or no I? Really don't well, you made a video about him and he actually talks about you in his speech about what it's like to be this subject of internet hate, that he's now doing college campuses and in corporations and I'm like really yes, I, look a little bit of a [ __ ] bag. Well, I mean honestly: okay, okay, if you're gonna go from being an [ __ ] on Twitter and poorly representing your company and getting called out to quitting and then doing speeches on tour about being bullied, you're kind of a [, __ ]- well, maybe I mean maybe but I his goal with the this goal with the speeches would be just to prepare other people for you, gotta watch what you say on the internet and if you do, if you do what didn't happen to you can happen to me right, okay, so so I, this guy, okay, I, just get it I, go to the very the very first Game Awards Jeff, Keely and I have known each other for a while Jeff's been a fan of mine. I've been a fan of Jeff yeah, a Dorito Pope the whole nine yards. I love that guy Dorito, oh yeah, you don't know you never seen that he so to get sidetracked. No, yes, yeah! Okay, yeah, I'm, curious about the jury. It's a meme, google! It I! Don't a sidetrack! You for that! I'm at the first game, awards and I'm, presenting with iJustine and Justine's, just like one of the sweetest people have ever met and we're like playing 3d, ass, backstage and just goofing off, and she introduces me to Reggie Phil ma from Nintendo and and then Peter Moore from EA. Who and all you know, if you don't know, Peter Moore he's pretty much a Bond villain in real life, he's straight-up, terrifying and he's the guy who came to EA with like the ideas of games as a service and milking the customer and microtransactions because he's a CEO first, a gamer last of it, what a great guy- and so he presented me my game award last year when I won turned a gamer. It was so awesome you're like [, __, ]. Well, we've kind of always I mean him and Francis avoid kind of always Johnson, and so he walks up to me and it is very, very British voice, I'm gonna. Probably this is probably it's going to be on neogaf 30 seconds after I. Do this imitation of them but like Francis, have you played on the Dragon Age like no sir I really haven't had the time and I guess well, you'll have to make time it's got 40 hours of gameplay in the main quest alone, my 80 hours, the side, quests I'm like oh, please go ahead and shoot me in the dick with a laser now is there gonna be a dude? It's gonna throw a hat to chop my head off, which Bond villain are you today, I, don't know, but then he walks away and I'm like shaking I'm, just shaking cuz that guy's scary I want to see some what's his name, let's Peter more he's scary spinet pictures, Peter more from ETA, mm-hmm and I recently moved to he headed up there eSports division for a while, oh yeah, oh yeah, look at that I think he's running a team. Let me pull this: oh yeah he's running a team, I I think something like that or maybe a sports. Then you definitely know dr. evil. Was that the one from right, yeah now he's really? No, we I've actually got to talk to him beyond this experience and he's a nice guy, but in that instance that code he was terrifying. Kill me I know that smile man, it's like it says, smile this 20i. So you know he could do. He could fashion the sides of his hair into like horns almost and get it like a little meme going there anyway um. So he walks away and I'm, just shaking like I think I may have. Did he poison me I, don't know I'm, sorry, I ever said bad things about your company, sir, and then who's standing behind them, Adam, Worth and Adam Worth walks up to me and says: hey, do you remember me? Oh and you and I'm like yeah, no I do I. Remember you Adam North, right, he's yep! That's me and look well. How are you doing these days cos well I'm good I'm here, presenting a game for my company and like--see landed on your feet that huh yeah yeah, and he walks away and like that was the worst exchange of my life. He hates you right, I, don't know, I, don't I, couldn't read or home definitely held a grudge right, I'd like but he's aware, like you know, and I'm like. Oh I need to be careful with what I say, because that affects people's lives and even, if he's the one who took the first misstep yeah, I amplified it yeah, and so what I learned from that experience was not only that, but then I got to meet like Major Nelson I I got to meet the guys over PlayStation, said Schumann and and the CEO of the time I had him boys. Those guys I got to know all these people. What I did not know is that the gaming industry, those people, those companies they watch my stuff all the time all the Francis sketches they get sent from email chains and if they have a product coming out and I make a video about it it that team will get sent that video over and over and over again to the point that Major Nelson, joked and I don't know. If this is true or not, he said the engineers occasionally will say what will Francis think about this when they're designing stelae and then my friend Barney Cleese nerdgasm, used to work for Microsoft, confirmed that for me, so I think that's true, so yeah I try to always think I. Try to always think Who am I gonna affect in this. How am I gonna affect them with this and there's that responsibility I know it's I know. You've talked about it's hard on YouTube yeah, it's hard. It's it's I have in bivolo feelings on it because on one hand, I mean it really depends on your approach. If you're reasonable with your response, then sometimes people need to take responsible for their own actions. Great otherwise you what I can't talk about anyone who [ __ ] up because am I ruined, like that, it's like to see a skull on a thing like those guys got really [ __ ] up by it, but it's like I, don't feel bad about that at all. No, in that case, cuz occasionally and like I, don't okay, so he approached that video very responsibly yeah. We didn't I feel like we didn't overstate anything we represented the facts. I think that it was a very straightforward. Like occasionally you know, shitty things. Eventually, the bill comes to like that's just the reality of that's right and like I, just I personally choose not to be the person that delivers the judge. That's right! That helps me sleep at night in everything: oh you're, so soft, like you're such a [, __, ], yeah and like yeah, but I when the camera gets turned off. I have to live with me, and so, like people like, oh you let those that's a feminist, tell you what you're allowed to say! Well, you're not allowed to say no, not really I just know what I feel comfortable saying: dude, that's totally respectful that you make that decision, because you know that it's gonna affect you. Yeah, like yeah I, totally relate to that I'm. Like that's years ago, video was very stressful when we posted it, it was kind of scary. I was when we I remember when it went from unlisted to publish I was like [ __ ]. Here we go, this is gonna, be a shitstorm. You know, I mean like I, said man we, if you're in the business of putting [ __ ] into the world, eventually gonna have to eat your own [ __ ], like that's the situation, they found themselves in yeah and that bill had to come to eventually, and it did yeah. No, no glad you know I'm glad you pulled the trigger on this. Something I always asked myself is like how okay, when we approach a video and it's one of the reasons we making less reactions, just not that many people out there who deserve to get goofed on you know, but it's like okay. How much does this person deserve to me to be goofed on right now and I have to measure our approach? I just read it by now in a way where I know, they're gonna see it. So that's already in your head, so you you make it differently, because you're talking to a person and I know, there's a good chance. We're gonna run into them in real life. That's so we ran into that happened to us with a few people's did we ran into T, we ran into actually both of him. Thank you. I first ran into T Martin, like three days after we dropped that video how'd that go. You can't see me. We like ran I [, __, ], good right after we posted that video. We went down to Florida to meet dj khaled right and what we're there. We went to Disney World or no Universal yeah and [ __ ]. Who was there who we saw wandering around Universal, but team are the Reid A's. After and Florida we came from New York I'm like what the [ __ ] it might. It blew my mind. I saw him immediately and I had a panic attack, cause he's like actually really big guy right tall and lean, and he [ __ ] kill me I'm, not sure how I would react if he saw me, but I was like either we gotta go. We jammed scared the [ __ ] out of me, but pretty recently yeah. They recently we run into Sandy Kerry and addressing another party how'd that go. It was brutal. It was brutal, I bet. Well he's you know the only person I think in the entire world I would not want to run into from. It would be probably Nicole, Arbour and I'll. Tell you something that no one I she's gonna she's gonna, find out. I've mentioned her name and she's gonna latch on to it, and how about how? Like I, just know how she's gonna react to this, but here's why um she made that VidCon last year, I saw her in Manhattan. We said of the bar, which ranked hung out for an hour. I I kept trying to talk to her, and she wasn't really interested talk to me. It was kind of loud she's on the other side of the table anyway, she's talking to her friends a little more I'm talking more to Matt and I'm. Like I, don't know it doesn't really hit it off with her, which is weird I. Had it off most people, okay, you know, and but it's probably just just sold out of there and we'd really get a chance to talk so yeah. There's a con progressed as I see her and Matt all the time. She's all smiles he's all smiles, I, love, Matt and, and then two weeks later she goes home. One makes dear fat people two weeks later, - and I like, and so it was very hard to not take it personal huh, because she had just spoken with me in like one of the topics. Matt will talk about. It often comes up as people are interested I look like a sideshow freak I mean people. Gonna eventually talk about a little bit, but they don't want to know where I'm gonna bring. You know about uncomfortableness I can't help, but think I'd be a little personal. No probably wasn't. She probably doesn't think that way, you're afraid that she, like it kind of person you think in your mind, she's like she met you, which one of them that inspired her to make like one of those jokes in there was about me, might have been, might have been one but I stole yeah right, and so that would be the only reason like anybody's evolved to have whatever part you want to have. You can say whatever you want to say about fat people. We talked about a little bit before the show like the fat people ate yeah. Well, I can do this thing, I, don't really care doesn't really bother me even when they send nasty, [, __ ] to the peel box or to our front doors stuff like that. That's really it's like that is just [ __ ]. We OH what what, for example, did you get so there's this mean that my wife is cheating on me with like some like good-looking friend or like our friend, okay um, but our friend asleep in a monogamous, long-lasting, homosexual relationship, and so it's like so absurd. They would pick that guy as a guy that my wife's cheating on me was not even a right read of like and sick right. There's all this like stuff about how um all this stuff about how like I can't sexually satisfy a woman and here's. The thing I can't do to a woman like George Clooney's gonna do okay, but but here's well. None of us can be fair. There are things I'm pretty good at and you know, I haven't had a lot of complaints with me and my wife seems to be very, very quite happy with it enough to where she married me, but so you know one time to send like a dildo to the PIO box, so giant black dildo, to satisfy my wife with obviously I. Couldn't that's pretty wild stuff like that and it's like I, don't know, that's pretty wild somebody I mean those giant black dildos, probably set you back. - yeah, oh yeah I think is at least 40 50 bucks man, that's a quality, build oh yeah, and now it's just like we do I keep I keep I kept. If we ever need it right. There it's a weapon right, yeah, it's a good I mean like that's the thing, that's the Internet. You can have whatever opinion you want to have, and sometimes I think that maybe he's done like nasty still appeal box kind of crosses line, yeah I still take o it. Is it still ticket job? This is not like threatening that that's at least it's still a pure box yeah peel box. That's true right yeah! Well, we we get boxed like routine, like every three months for some reason and I. Never link understand why they're like so excited that I wore my addresses. Cuz like I, don't really care that you know like what are you gonna do show up you're gonna, knock on the door or your send some pizza in my house. Well, I, like pizza, sometimes I get a surprise. Pizza thanks, you know, could say well they want none of the peace areas in the house will deliver unless we prepay, because I was getting pranked. So if you they just pretty baby, we had somebody link me to the Tor network once and someone put out to $3,500 in bitcoin to have someone assassinate us and then on the same night yeah somebody paid 3500 bucks had an offer on the Tor network of 3500 backs to assassinate me and I. Don't know why I mean this is crazy right, but they had the wrong address. Oh wait, how did you find out that someone's trying to put a hit on you? Okay? So that's real? It's not a joke. I mean I. Did nothing happened so I guess it was a joke now, yeah, maybe the joke was on them. Every said it. Somebody took their money and laughed about it right, but so I mean it was all related to that police station for unboxing. It was like some xbox kid who did it? That's the craziest part about it, dude, okay, if the Xbox Playstation people can beef to the point I'm trying to assassinate you, then I have to say: there's no hope for humanity. There is no hope for the Middle East for our country and they even have the money, cuz right, you're, saying 3,500 right, like 3500 bucks in Piqua, hey, which would be now worth like, like fifty fifty thousand a Bitcoin or something or maybe Ludacris, whoever took that money anyway. So what happened? Was we have a PlayStation 4 contacts us and like buggy? We want to give you a PlayStation 4 because of your Frances. We all thought was learners like I love to take on that, but I'm I will be killed by that no I still would have done it cuz. It was cool, but Sid Schumann shows up my house and he's got a Playstation and I'm like so I get a film. This unboxing is like yeah and I can do it. However, I want to he's like yeah and I. Think Sid maybe took a personal day. I didn't put them in the video, but I wanted it to be realistic. I wanted to seem like a real Francis thing right, so um, it's not paid Prohm or anything. They're. Just give me the damn thing you have yeah and so I. Don't have to shoot anything I don't have to do anything, but I want to do this because I knew people gonna, love it yeah and so I'm like. Let's pretend you guys special delivered it. You know not by you said, but just random ups or whatever mm-hmm. So we need a box. So my friends who are hanging out and one of the meet said they go to their house and get a box and we forget to blur out the address. So the address that gets leaked the first time eventually get my address right. Well, the address that gets like the first time is my my neighbor's, my friends address, and so when they put the assassination hit on tour Network, they sent it to my house, then to show like they sent an email to me, hey man, you need to see this a sinister some crypt courage, some random person, yeah and he's like hey man. You need to see this, probably the kid who set it up. You click on it download ahead. It downloaded the tor browser figure out how to use it. Click on the link. Finally, click on the link there. It is there's the hit- oh, oh my god. Oh my god, that's not the right address! So I grabbed my phone I called my friend, Jason Jason. You can have your house there's a funny talking about that's crazy, dingdong Jason. What is happening right now, someone's not the door, don't eat right, don't answer the door and some friend Jason one friend Ellis who lives at that address. They're, like oh, my god, I, don't know they're hiding around the corner. Who is it Domino's? They say that's what it is, that's and would say right. They sent a pizza so they're like. Can you step out of the house to see if it's actually a Domino's vehicle when I step out of the house and there's the Domino's vehicle with the sign on and I'm like do to answer the door? It's my money answering the door. We don't want pizza, it's completely Buzard that he gets to that level sometimes, but it does. But like I, you know I, it's funny to me. It bothers me a little bit oh yeah. That would rather like watch Netflix and go to sleep. I mean it makes for good stories. You know that's. That is. That is also one of the reasons I'm like maybe I need to step Frances back a little bit because maybe they're not trying to kill me, maybe they're trying to kill Franco bread's, do them the favor right. You should make a death Frances suicide, video where you like a Fight Club thing, my god I'll be so good I've, always I did the epic rap battle, I'm sure sure you haven't seen it, but so finally push like a pistol, a million views which you you wake up and score out in the morning, but um a little epic rap battle had got it produced by my friend weevil from weevil stuff. You remember weevil stuff, like Bob. Do you know Badgers Badgers Badgers but yeah, that guy cool he's awesome a Zeke rebel um, but he produced a song for me and I. That was the very first time I ever did like Boogie vs France, this kind of thing and try to keep it super meta and I. Think, eventually, that storyline will happen, but I need to lose some weight. So I can move more and act more me. You saw me trying to get in here, I'm I'm falling apartment. Well, you got a dude thing. Yeah well get that surgery and a surgeon's like I'm like so I could lose how much from this I guess. If you don't try at all- and you screw this up- maybe 150 pounds wow what you're like just from nothing right, just 300. So let me ask on 300 I put me at 200 pounds you think I can be under 200. That's like that's! Where I am right, it's like I, absolutely guarantee it I'm, like so you're talking about adding years to my life, and it goes Steve I'll, be honest with you, I think we're adding decades Wow like oh, because I'm 43. That makes me 60 now that was good in one way, I was like man, that's so I'm gonna get to live forever. I'm gonna spend more time with my wife and oh my god round in 20 years, I'm gonna have to get a real job. Let me ask you about this, this surgery, so how is it they it's when they reduce the size of your stomach right? A lot of people get confused cuz. They think I'm getting liposuction right, which is not something the peace person you get. Somebody your size might get removed five or six pounds of stubborn fat that won't leave a certain area or, like a you know, a model might get that done if they're having trouble getting a certain shape to a certain area right, yeah, that's a cosmetic surgery! You couldn't do that to me. You can't take 300 pounds off of a body and expect it to live right right, yeah in a shotgun and taking ten pounds off him. You wouldn't do anything right right, so what they do for me, what they're doing for me I'm, getting the the gastric bypass where they'll they'll sever 90% of my stomach mmm, just move it off to the side and stay in a body, but it just won't actually be the only 10% of its current size, it'll be the size of a goalie. So, basically, when you eat, you'll feel really full right. Will fall off of a symbol of I was working as a waitress yeah, and there was a couple sitting at the table and they ordered one dish, one plate of fish and it had like a fish fillet and like a side right and they shared it and they both had. They didn't even weren't close to finishing it. They had like a little bite and then I was like they were sitting there and I was like. Are you guys done like? Are you still eating and they're like no we're full and I was like, and they told me they did that search Wow yeah, so are you uh I know that the risk of of losing weight and happens with all of us is gaining it back right. Is that something to that? Your that works with this kind of surgery, or is this different I- have scoured YouTube trying to find the answer to that question and I've also done the studies and the reason I decided to do the bypass the church won't bypass over the sleeve is because, let's just sleeve the sleeve so with a bypass, they take 90% of the stomach. They move it off to the side. They leave it connected. So the juices and stuff it produces come down and I have a working stomach of about 10% on sizing egg, and that gives us a she ation reset. It gives a reset on. You know how I feel and how satisfied the brain becomes. It's a lot of people realize there's like a little second brain on the top yeah I've read about that. It's the stomach right that tells you when to eat. When not well, yeah I mean you feel a lot of emotions in your stomach right, yeah, it's kind of interesting, so it uh that gets kind of a reset -. Then one of the coolest things they do is they bypass a large part of the intestines someone my size is overeating, their entire weight. You that's part of the same surgery, part of the same surgery. They will then leave a good chunk of the attest ins not like they bypass it. They don't take the remaining something up from the bottom and bring it up here. So why would I when I do eat food again, I'll absorb less nutrients, so I have to eat nothing but super foods. What's the purpose of that um, because I have actually stretched my intestines out so much or as you might eat some food and get 8090 percent of the calories I'm getting every calorie because it sets in there for a really long time. So this is part of the effort to lose weight right to get me back to fairly unknown I just got it, and so yes, if I really try at the year and a half mark to start overeating again, I could probably, within ten years get back to my size. You would you you could have to really try, but this stomach is capable of stretching stretching out to the same size as well, and eventually I will have my stomach right now. They said it's probably the size of a football I. Think it's what he said. A normal stomach would be the size. Maybe a catcher's mitt are a little smaller and and what I'll have is an egg. He said two things down the road I'll probably have that normal size, catcher's mitt and then, if I, if I really try to screw it up. I put some real effort into it. Then I could get back to here. But I have no intention yeah, of course, but like the problem, is a lot of people think you know that's easy way out number one: there's more than thousand chance on July 25th I won't wake up. How many was one in 1,000 there's a chance of surgical, coma nuts I feel like there's that percentage on I almost any surgery. It's 1,000 say it's more dangerous eat your gallbladder taken out: oh [, __ ], but it's still an optional surgery yeah for no good reason did that's terrifying. Secondly, yeah I'll never be able to eat sugar again. I've called dump dumping syndrome, so it'll be a good six months to a year that IFI ever eat sugar. It will not cause me to become violently ill, both front and back that helps with the diet right and then I basically have to eat super foods for the rest of my life, because I, don't I will loose lean mass, so I have to target like 106 grams of protein of the day. But how do I do that with a stomach? That's yeah, Yeah right, so I have to literally I just because eating whey protein with a spoon to be able to. So it's a complete overhaul and a lot of people think well. Why not just lose the weight the normal way, and the answer is because of try it over and over again, but the statistics show the numbers show that the majority people that lose it get it back for some surgeries intervention. I think it's it's it's worth saying to people, because I think a lot of people say why don't you just lose weight? Why don't you just go on a diet and exercise, but I? Think at this point and I mean you have like a eating disorder right. It's like OCD thing: it's not just you're not liking, most normal people who can just be like. Well, that's what I was gonna say earlier. It's the only thing. That's really important for you to understand. Somebody gets 30, 40 50 pounds, overweight chances. Are they don't have a lot of discipline? They don't they like food, a lot right yeah? If somebody is maybe a hundred pounds, overweight, 150, pounds, overweight, they probably lack discipline and education. They probably don't really understand right what they're doing and why they're doing it wrong right, I! Think if you're getting 150 pounds or more overweight, there there's mental issues there right now and I know what my mental issues are. In fact, before I qualified for the surgery I had to have years and years of therapy to identify why over eight, how what causes it and what led to this and stuff like that I know exactly what my issues are: a lot of big people, don't you know and that's when you go back to my friend who I mentioned he was on that weight-loss show he'll tell you right now, the reason they put on the weight. It's because I didn't deal with a mental stuff first, and so, when it came, the check got hard again. Hey and I have with YouTube has done that for me right, like the beginning to meet you guys, get it to be on a show like this I. Don't this I'm gonna carry this high for a long time at high. You can't do this ice cream can may be as happy as I am today can to do this right. Vidcon is, is like heroin, if-if-if P food is aspirin, I'm, saying and so I've got so much going on. In my life between the wife, the dog, the family, all by buying a house in the house in the home, I in the town, I was homeless. Anything I was homeless. That's up for six weeks of my life had nowhere to say nowhere to go asleep into my roommates dorm room floor. That's breaking into buildings of the campus sleeping on couches until I got up first and last month's rent, and that saying we just bought my dream house. I, don't I mean food is just a nuisance. To me now doesn't really do much. I think that it's really important to educate people, because, like we were talking before we went on air about fat people hate this subreddit super controversial subreddit. That was like number one on reddit for a long time. For a long time it was on the front page and reddit shut it down for being a hate. I hate subreddit, but I have like mixed feelings as I said, because on one hand, people need to understand that people of a certain size have them have a eating disorder right. It's not just like. Oh I'm, lazy and I. Don't care and I just eat because I'm fat, like I, think most people have a certain size are painfully aware right of and unhappy with their weight and like you have to be compassionate understand that the part that rubbed me wrong about fat people hate or the thing that I identified and thought was funny about fat people. A drink was like the fat people fallacies right, yeah they're, like yeah we're they're like I, don't know why I'm fat, I ate I only had one pint of ice cream this morning and that's some like this shit's that subreddit does still exist and I still subscribe to today. Fat people, logic I hope that right. That was it's funny, because that's kind of therapy to me I read the time and I'm like that's. You know. Sometimes it's the again. Sometimes it's just completely like no one's ever actually thought that way, but it's funny to pretend that we do yeah, occasionally I see a little bit of myself in that. But I think like what you said. Education is a lot of the problems heal like yeah Ella's mom there, her family's, not fat people at all by any means, but she she'll like deep fry vegetables and there's like no health. There's no nutrition there at that point like this, just it's just oil and like the semblance of some vegetables right here, there's nothing healthy there and I'll be eating and I'm trying to have a lean dinner. She's like Ethan, eat some vegetables. She said that, like you, realize that that's like not healthy right, so I think a lot of these old school people don't understand right now. You're that eating a bowl full of oil and vegetables isn't good for you. I will tell you the toughest debate ever have and like there are. People are gonna shut down the stream when I say what I'm about to say, but this is juicy: let's go away, it's not it's always! Okay! Let me put it the right way: it's always calories and versus calories out. It's always that you always have to eat less and move more. It is always that that is always well. That's. Gonna have air. So that's science right, but in some cases specifically diabetics. The math doesn't always work out. So ok expand on this, so um insulin, resistance makes it very difficult to burn fat because insulin is a big portion of burning fat. This comes right from my my or hormone Larry word for work. So when I lost 50 pounds, while diabetic mm-hmm and I'm disappointed by it, I'm like I, can't believe only lost 50 pounds. I I mean we did a liquid diet for six weeks, I brought in 1,800 calories a day on a bad day, I put in like 2,500 mathematically, I should've lost closer to 100, and it was a Steve you're diabetic and I'm like what do you mean? He goes well. Your body's gonna choose to burn lean fat lean meat before it burns fat, oh I'm like what, and so we go through the whole nine yards. Well, you know, let's do the test. Well, you have 275 pounds of lean mass, and so your body will choose to burn lean mass first because of the insulin, resistance and so I have to burn through my muscles, which they and so it just gets complicated, get smother. Now we're still only talking like a tennis, 15-20 percent margin at worst, like somebody with a terrible metabolic condition and all that stuff. It's the only a small margin, I guess the the faculty person logic is like that one of the classic ones is like um I have a slow metabolism right right. What you're talking about being a diabetic, if you're diabetic you could and if you're, not if you have a sedentary lifestyle, style and I put in $10 yeah, it's a car. Do you know in the data your body won't move in the direction of fat-burning, but would have to prove to that it needs to burn fat. So you need at least 10 minutes of cardio every day, but to some extent, I always felt like I'm sure, there's something to that, but it always doesn't there's something that doesn't make sense, because it's like you exert a certain amount of calories. Every day you eat a certain amount of calories. What happening in between right like what, if you, if you eat, mm and you and you burn 3000 like there's, not what's what's like the magic figure, where somehow, your body's not burning the calories, that it should the beats the living hell and me I dunno, like in the case of insulin-resistant out producing the horn, oh yeah, how's, the body to burn fat I. Think in the case of diabetes, your body is is, is is not. It doesn't have all the chemicals there or does not respond to the chemicals correctly to burn the fat first. So choose it's lean matter, then I think it probably still always keeps to the laws of thermodynamics, because you can't break the laws of thermodynamics or to death if they don't have the vitamins coming in right if they I think, if they're taking I think it is entirely possible for a morbidly, a priest person to starve to death, while they're, still morbidly obese, if they have the wrong hormonal set in their body and the markers are off and their body's not doing what it's supposed to do. I think it'll eat enough lean mass first, oh wow, instead of fat and then damn it. You know you know lean mass for talking heart muscle, we're talking muscle and what what's a muscle, your heart, and so you wake in your heart. You'd have a heart attack and starve to death. Because of that you know, I think that's entirely possible if the chemical is wrong. I think that may not make sense like one of the billion people that doesn't make sense. It's not my condition and if someone's listening right now, it's probably not your condition either I'm not giving you an excuse. Yeah! You still have to do the work you still have to get with the nutritionist to figure out what your personal body needs. Are. You still need to get with a trainer to figure out what your exercise needs. Are you need to get with a doctor who will help you figure out your weight loss patterns like that? You still have to do the work right. There's no excuse to not do the work, yeah or you'll die yeah. You know and you'll die very unhappy and very unhealthy. That's the thing I can tell you so, let's just interesting. No, it's fascinating, I've always been really fascinated by it. I want to know, let's, let's get back into it. I'm gonna, take a quick break. All right, I'm gonna, go to the bathroom, go, get some more water and plug in this laptop to die. Okay, so don't go away guys. We will be right back in two minutes and if you leave, you know tell me: what's gonna happen if they live Wow, what the hell? That's not what's gonna happen, who am I killing? I will cry. You looked at like bookie when you said that Ethan will kill Y cheese that was dark. It's usually just like a little like something Bad's gonna happen, guys all right, I'm, gonna, kill, boogie, apparently so way to go. Harley's don't leave I, don't want to do that. Yeah there's like at least one guys, I'm slaying that close button he's like all right, we'll be right back in a couple minutes. Welcome back I staged a podcast I hired with buggy and Gila what up pimps, yeah slam baby before we are right before we went on the air, you were saying that you had this rape story that got me. Oh I was talking about how we do this show live and so I'm, always careful not to say something really dumb Oh, which happy it happens. You know you're doing it live you're, gonna, say some really stupid, [ __ ], and it already happened to me once where George filthy Frank was sitting on this couch behind me and we were having a conversation about rape and nature. I. Don't know why I don't usually talk about rape as a subject of conversation, but I said something and George reacted behind me like he was on camera and now I got memed into oblivion and that video has like a million views yeah. So then you volunteered I said that I was old and I was writing my first sketch yeah, my first stand-up set, but first 15, that's mm the first hard 15, so I wanted to be a stand-up comic did not realize I'm standing up and it is actually involved a little bit's bit yeah, but um I wrote a joke about a topic. This private of me, I've, talked about this very very briefly, but I had some inappropriate stuff happen to me growing up, well, I'm. So sorry, I feel, like I, think that it's okay, that I get to make this joke I think it. Please do not kneel gaffney for making this joke, because this is how I process my [, __, ], okay, yeah, see here's the joke. Okay, as someone who has been hurt that way, I think rape is never funny. I. Think rape. Let me repeat: rape is never funny said a joking matter, and they can. You should be writing jokes about it. It's never funny, except maybe one time it could be funny and that's when you're being raped by a clown, but that's only because you can honk his cute little nose and when he keeps hitting me Fetty I can't imagine anything more horrifying to be raped by a clown literally the most scary image I've ever had in my life, I'm, not I'm, not traumatized by the joke, I'm sure his image would be raped. My clown Christ I drove I wrote that I stand by it today. I think it's completely tasteless I mean that it can make a lot of people feel very uncomfortable to even hear about the topic and I understand that, but I think the joke itself is sound. I, don't think it's a it's like fair enough. All right, you're, not gonna, get triggered out of a book. You're not gonna have to retire for telling that joke, but I had like this I had like that's the way I deal with that's how I deal with like bad stuff. In my life and since I've had more than my fair share of bad stuff, I have just a really messed up since I'll tell you I'll tell you the day my brain broke for the first time the day that I officially became a bad person. Okay, so my grandmother had Alzheimer's disease. I loved her to death ultimately was her name, but this is back in the late 80s and she was about five years advanced and Alzheimer's, and it moved pretty quick first that was pretty pretty pretty deep in and so we're about 75 miles away. Where we lived, we were down shopping and my mom stops at a payphone. She calls my grandfather up her her dad and her mom and says: uh, hey, Dad Carl is today a good day to visit how's mommy and she says well she's doing real good she's real bright, real clear. If you want to come up, not be a good time. Well, great I mean I. Think me and my sister and my brother are all in the car. So we pack up. We drive that 75 miles there through mountain hills, the second hour and a half two hours to get there, and when we get there between that phone call and when we arrived all hell had broken loose, my grandmother had it in her head that my grandfather was trying to kill her like that's just how her Alzheimer's presented and so because of that they'd already like to removed all the weapons and guns and knives from the house. So all the roses like butter, knives and forks and something that had been going on for a while for a while, that's [, __ ]. So so Alzheimer's is a cruel, cruel, there's gonna be one of the worse things, absolutely right, but she dad Carl got her. You know got her out of her tonight. Coat, got her underwear on or got her brawl on her and starts to put her pearls on her shows wore pearls started, get her pearls on her and she got into her head that he was trying to choke her. So she decided to bury the knives in the house, get him away from him, so he couldn't stab her. So all there's left in the house is butter, knives right and so she rushes out in the front of the house in the garden and she's like digging a hole to bury these knives and it's pouring rain, and at that exact moment we pull up in the car and so here's my grandmother enter bloomers covered in mud rain pouring down on her trying to bury butter knives in the garden. My grandfather, screamin ultime, get your house get your ass in the house. You're gonna die of a cold you're, crazy, y'all call. You try to kill me and my brain said: either: you're gonna listen to my Chemical Romance every day for the rest of your life, or this is funny so which one are you gonna choose well I chose funny. I I mean how do you not and so I started laughing and my mother who's is my mother who's abusive. She turns around. She goes with them he's so funny. Stevie J I have to tell us and well maybe she'll grow buttercups [ __ ], oh my god right because this, my god well, my mom, be cautious. But here's the thing there's two things you know I feel like I, always laugh in those situations too, and it reminds me like my favorite author and someone who's had a huge effect on me is Kurt. Vonnegut I, don't know, oh, that is yeah and he was writing him in his autobiography that that guy's been through some [ __ ] in his life I mean he's passed now, but he's seen some of the worst things and he he writes this really dark comedy and he said like whenever confronted with death or tragedy, he always laughed it's just like something he felt inside of him just a lot. That's how he dealt with it right and his family members used to get super frustrated and be like the. Why are you laugh? I got his mom's funeral who he loved. He was like laughing and they're like what the [ __ ] is wrong with you like I'm, obviously morning. It's not it's not funny per se, but right I. No, you have two choices. That is the reaction. Kurt Vonnegut actually is the. It was Kurt, Vonnegut and Douglas Adams that push me towards I'm, not I would not really say that I'm, a nihilist but I would say I have very nihilistic tendencies and I think I've embraced. The absurdity of this whole thing I think it's one of the reasons I was able to eat myself to an absurd level. It's because I have one point: I genuinely understand that none of this matters right yeah. So, like you know they tell me hey the way you're eating. You know you know 25a the way you're eating you'll be dead by thirty I was like oh well. That's something I'd like to happen. I'm miserable, so I get to die and also eat all the food I want. Well, that's a long day ray. Do you think, like depression, had a lot or had a hand in oh, absolutely I sit right up and like the the the being poor as well like when we were homeless, when we got our first month's and last month's rent together we got our first place. We would go to the C C's piece of buffet and spend five bucks and we would sat down for lunch and we leave after dinner and one time we're eating that day. I'm like how do you think you idiot in that day to 3,000 3,000, 4,000 5,000 easy just like that's it because I didn't know if I was eating tomorrow, cuz I, don't know if it's yeah right um, and so it actually got to the point like the manager of the Fayetteville C C's knew us by name and one day just walked over and he's like hey. Let's turn off still and I'm, like I knew this day was coming I'm. So sorry that we do this, no, no it's fine dude, you guys are always playing with those carts. What are those cards? I was playing Matt to the gathering magically passed the time and he we talked it cuz, you guys sure render awhile you guys not have anywhere to go, and we told him the situation, nice and he's he's like well son. You don't have to worry about costing me money says you know what my food cost is. Hmm I said what, because that pizza, you guys special order. The barbecue one. Do you know how much I pay for that about 23 cents, oh my god, so you'd have to eat ten of those before it even start to affect my bottom line and I'm like oh, okay. Well, he got to where he recognizes we're coming in, because hey those two guys get drinks today. No, they get sodas, hey those guys already paid earlier, like it's like one of the nicest guys it's Christian and like openly Christian about it, but not like the appetizing. Whatever is there like one of those people that, like lived, the life lived like exactly the life that he was live? Wow, that's a good book. You know I was really impressed with, but that that led to this like pattern of just eating as much as I could whenever I could, because so it's a lot of stuff combined, it sounds like it's. A whole host am I I. Am a number I did a number on myself and a lot of people got a number on me beforehand, and so I got to be like straight-up crazy, like this straight up, like kind of I shouldn't be able to function, but I managed to somehow got a crazy. It's exciting at six I was watching your I was watching some of your old videos about like did your back store with your family and that [ __ ] was really really heavy-duty, I mean for the people who don't want to have to go through that I. Don't want to depress you too much, but like I read books like flowers of Algernon and they read to like a you know, documentary to me Jesus great, like it's just it's, it was just as messed up as it could be right. You know, I mean any way that a person could be abused, I was abused and that was on a daily basis. It's not a weekly, not a monthly basis, a daily basis. I, just you know what was the deal with your mom cuz I, remember, hearing about it and that she was real, abusive, Tuesday, I'm, very angry. She was dichotomous and, and like that's one of the reasons, I think that's common with all these kind of my characters like the more broken a person is the more attracted I am to that person. A lot of the times just like I get straight-up befriend the most dangerous messed up people, and it's because I try to find the good in those people, and there is right and they're almost right, um, and so that's like why, whenever someone who's notorious on YouTube like a daddy alive situation, yeah, the very first thing I did was I heard that story. I wrote daddy ngo5 on Twitter I'm. Like can we talk and my goal? There wasn't to help him or protect him. My goal was to get involved to try to like get an advocate into the home and he's like boogie they're gonna. Take away my youtube channel sin like worse than that probably dude, but you know a good way to save face and a good way to maybe keep your YouTube channel would be to get an advocate in the home today. Contact social services in advance and then get your own therapist today I know you've got the money. We've talked about money, so get the therapist in advance, get them into the home and film them in the home film. A therapy session show that to the world they are actively making an effort right, show the social service woman visiting. Let them know you're actively making an effort and he's thinking always trying to help me with P or no I'm, trying to help the kids I know when the kids I know when the person comes in they're, gonna see what's going on and then something's going to happen, I'm just trying to convince him that get somebody into the home it might. It might save your YouTube channel right. That's that's the only path to victory anyway. That situation was so [ __ ], but like I tried, that's what I try to do. I! Try to get in I try to get into you know, because when I was raised by monsters, so whatever a monster raised, her head, I'm I can't open I, just shove myself right in there and did you were you able to like talk to him? Was he he was receptive to a certain point, but he kept saying boogie. The videos are fake boogie. The videos are fair and I'm, like all right believe that by the way it doesn't matter I. Think that part. That's a good point too, but I think that part of it was scripted right. So I think that him and his maybe like. Let's talk about the Incas. Yes, this isn't personal insight. This isn't something he said to me. This is entirely alleged. Please do not sue me. This is my theory. Okay, but I personally feel like for the parents. It was definitely scripted. They don't write this. My impression of horse not want to do oh yeah right, I, think, maybe that's it I think the kid is used to getting pranked and getting rewarded after the prank mm-hmm. What I think when I look at that video? Having a severe anxiety, disorder myself when I look at that kid, it's clear that is exhibiting extreme anxiety. Absolutely right! I, see myself in that kid. So, even if he was in on it on some level, he still cannot process it and he's a kid it doesn't know it you can't tell anyway, like is, is growing in this environment. That's so weird like they're pranking him. His parents are pranking, it's very sober and they're making videos and like what's even a reality and what's also like their living, is from [ __ ] over there kids, it's like what kind of a weird-ass reinforcement yeah that whole situation was so [ __ ] up and like it ended up with them losing their kids. I, don't know! If that's ever happened on YouTube, where people lost their kids, it's the new. Well, they lost two of the three right. Dave I think they have the older kit. Still, oh, that's good. They loved him anyway, right, which is like that's another one that I like that. It's insane and I hate to say it, but literally they were treated like redheaded stepchildren, like that's an old I'm, never seen like that's literally the cliche, and it happened that still can't believe it. But that's the thing I think like what little expertise I have with being abused and then has spent a lifetime of therapy and group therapy because of it. Mm-Hmm I feel like that was another lack of education situation right, like I think maybe he did not fully understand what was appropriate and what wasn't appropriate I mean. Maybe doesn't even have the capacity to fully like to have pick that up on himself. If that's the situation, where I felt like it needed intervention right I, don't think he was truly the mean spirited I think what he was I thought I think he personally thought it was acceptable and no one have ever educated him. Otherwise, that's what I think I mean it's possible. He came from a [, __ ] up family and that was just the norm and then all of a sudden you're putting on the internet and everyone's like dude. That's not normal right! Excite at home, maybe that's normal and where he came from that's normal and that's tennis and I'll tell you and that's one of the most fascinating things about growing up abused, because to this day to this day, sometimes I'll remember something that happened and I'll. Think that's not how other people experience life. That's an idle happens. That's still to this day to even three weeks ago. Do you remember like one of the most recent one, the most reason when I looked at my wife and boy? Did you ever sleep with your mom like sexually, but in the same bat, oh and she's, like yeah I like when I was like four or five and I like I'd, get really scared and I'm like yeah, but I was I liked it everyday thing or whatever and she's like no like. So if I slept with my mom, when I was 12 still mm-hmm, that would be weird right and she's like yeah. So if I didn't have my own room at the age of 12, like that's weird, right, yeah, yeah and she's like yeah? No, that's that's very unusual Steve, yeah and I'm like so why, when I moved out of my mom's bed and not having a bed and her refusing to get me one then that's way: [ __ ] up right, oh yeah, it did I, guess I've, just never really thought about other sleeping arrangements. I've seen it on television and I, guess I kind of always knew that wasn't right, but I didn't realize how not right it was. Yes, it is yeah with like when you're abused as a kid you at the time it may seem like a game or something so I think that you have no concept you're good, yeah yeah, which is like you know, I mean I've, always I've always done. Okay with girls, which is I, know that's surprising. You know anybody listening, but I've always done all right with girls, and so one of the very first things I had always opened with it's like first date, material for me to like and I'm, not interested in kids and they're like why I'm like, oh because I come from an abusive home and I'm afraid that I'd be abusive to kids, so I won't risk it and they're like well, but you don't seem abusive wrong like and I'm, not I'm, 100% sure I'm, not, but it's not worth the risk is screwing up another person's life, so I'm not interested. It's mm-hmm. Well, that's a hell of a deal-breaker! For me! Sorry, you want to get that out there and blow it away right, like I. Just like straight off the bat like hey I, come from an abusive home. My scale of what's right wrong may not be perfect. You want to get that out there and I. Don't ever have kids, because I don't know that I can race. Have you ever had him really? Don't think that I, don't think so now I think really the work that we've done in the last four or five years, especially the work that I've done since I met my wife and with my wife, specifically I, think that we've grown into a place where and especially because I trust her. So incredibly much and she's. So good handling me, like you know we always the joke about you're his hair I mean she genuinely. Is my hair like I can't function, I literally can't function, yeah I could not get through VidCon, because I'm paralysed with anxiety and so Steve. We need to be here in 20 minutes. Do you have this here in a few minutes Steve it's time to take your medicine. It's time to eat. I literally cannot function without her. That's pretty dark that you're, afraid of abusing kids, like obviously you I could say from knowing you that you wouldn't do that, but just like the fact that that's so deep-seated in your mind is really so [ __, ] up right! Well, I'll tell you and it's interesting because it was visiting all I have a brother and I have a sister and my brother got less of it than I did by quite a bit. My sister got way more of it, but in a shorter period of time than I did I. Was there the full eight ten years my brother was there for 17, and but he had my dad to protect him yeah before my dad got sick I had enough taken care of my dad and then my sister. She got the just the worst like great. Like stories, you wouldn't believe. Maybe one day older, younger she's, older they're, both older I'm, just worried that it like people, be solutely, I'm, not buying that, because that is [, __ ] depressing, but but like she. She she might hear this. You know so I don't really want to speak her business, but, like you, imagine it and whatever you're imagining right now that that happened but worse, like whatever you're thinking and she just got the worst of it she's young. So she ended up running away with your parents or she got it from both was also be Civ well to her she's got the special Yeah right. Yeah forgot that she got the double whammy there yeah we talked occasionally it's it's very broken when we do because there's a lot of history there and there's a lot of mess stuff up there, but we touch base a couple times a year and she's yeah I love her but she's very different because of what she went through and it's hard it's hard. You know, I think I've recovered in I, think she's recovered as much as I have, but in a very different way. Hmm, you know she kind of went into like a subculture and she's just part of that subculture and you know, I went into like I, don't know kind of, like my brother once said to me something real [, __ ] I grow up with accent: I sounded like hey y'all, how y'all doing today very interest I still go into it. My wife is like freaked out by just. Why are you doing a voice right? Well, honey, I'm, just scared, shitless and yeah, but she, my brother, comes home one day in because if you ever want to be taken serious in this world, you got to lose the accent really because he went to Romania Tech and his first year. They ridiculed him for having a deep Appalachian accent and she's like it's. A wonderful beautiful accent so glad when I go back home I go right back into it and like I'm there for 20 minutes and I'm a newbie and it just for like come. Oh yeah, the next I'll go to I'll, go to the Apple, he's. Never like um, hey honey. What do you want most well? Have y'all got Mountain, Dew, I sure let it drink me, one of them and I'd say what love me some appetizers now y'all got wings. Now they heart honey, because I can't handle a hot one. No I can handle mild. You got my own all right. Well, let's get some information that I'm only like half Appalachian, if you really get in the mountains right straight from king of the hill, but I tried to move into, he said: listen to the news and talk the way to do in those, so I started practicing and that's how I got into all the voices to self and that's like even the Frances voices from back there and I found I could do hi ho there. This is Kermit D for all accurate or do not. There is no try. Judge me by my size. Do you you should not write I started doing all these stupid, terrible accidents and voices- and you know it's so funny. I had a tape, recorder and I would record this stuff and I would play it back for myself and then I'd be like mom. Listen I'll, take it to the school: hey, Dustin, listen, it's! Okay, I! Don't really I, really think it's a funny man! Okay, I wanted someone to listen to what I was creating so bad and kids. Today I mean I've watched, probably 150 spinner cringe compilations because they could turn on the camera at any second right and there are meet legal live they can broadcast. The world is probably the worst thing about being a kid today how painfully and permanently you can embarrass right and it's not it's not. When you'll make a mistake, it's it's not. If I win, if I had access to camera as a kid, no wars would want me, but you know: oh I know for a fact that I would never say it, but I would have definitely well. I grew up on Sam, Kinison, stuff and so I grew up. I'm, like you know, just all this like super offensive humor, and so when I was alright. My original comedy sketches were just like. Oh, like Jark, dart, right right, I guess I can only imagine I can only imagine I want to ask you about your anxiety, because that's something I've had a lot of oh yeah trouble with in my life I remember: I was used to be really debilitated by anxiety. I went before I went off to college I was getting like super severe panic attacks and, like I mean oh yeah, like depersonalized, and just like super fuzzy, brained, and just like so out of it for, like the whole time of my college, it was really hard for me to feel like I could be myself right up until I mean I still have trouble with it frankly, but up until only the past like five years, even did things start to like normalize to the point where I felt like I could have a normal life right like it's an awesome man I'm. So glad to hear they I didn't know. Is that bad for you, but I've only only ever known you in recovery, you don't I'm saying and your recovery has been so brilliant and so incredible and now to hear that it's it's almost hard to believe to be free thanks. Dude I mean there were. It was really dark times am I like before I started when I was smoking weed in high school right before I left for college yeah and I started. Getting panic attacks and I would feel like cuz I used to be like really confident and kind of I felt like I was sharp and confident guy and when I, whenever I smoked, weed I would get in my head and I'd feel like really insecure and really like. Just not myself and I kept smoking and smoking smoking as well. My friends were doing at the time and I just wanted to hang with them, and it got to this point right, just like hated myself, but I didn't realize. I didn't like fully understand it. So I, just like snapped one day so hard and I went from feeling like super in control and confident -. Just like total mental collapse and I, don't think I slept for like two weeks. I I didn't understand, what's happening, I thought I was going like schizophrenic and it got to the point where I wasn't sleeping and then I was actually like hallucinating, because I wasn't sleeping I was like oh [, __ ], I'm I was rehearsing in my mind like telling my parents, I was going schizophrenic as it felt so real and summers I didn't tell anyone about it, -, which was probably the hardest part yeah experiencing that feel like talking about. It was at the beginning of recovering it, of course, but I'm always says for anybody else think it always is yeah ever the problem. You see very right now it Kara pissed or a fan or friendly or a reddit subreddit or our group therapy or a forum in all the starts of sharing it. You literally cannot because and I think what people don't realize is the the pivotal part of sharing stuff like that is its twofold. The first is hearing from somebody else, their experiences or their vision of you know, or something like that can be very healing. More importantly, it's organizing your thoughts. You need some outside influence because in your mind, should just get buddy worse and worse. Even when you sit down you walk into alcohol, Alcoholics Anonymous, for example, and they make you introduce yourself, and you talk about your stuff, even just that three minutes. It forces you to gather everything in your brain, all these loose threads that are flowing around and to put it into that three-minute speech, and then you have a better understanding of yourself exist, so it all starts to talking. It really does I'm sorry to interrupt. No, no, it's such an important I agree so much like I held it in for two weeks or three weeks and that's it made it way way worse and I. Think I was just embarrassed. I was embarrassed and I felt like weak and I. Think that's the only reason why I didn't talk about it. So I, don't know you just have to find someone to hear you out on it. Yeah is that what is that? What it's like for you I mean? Listen, what's your anxiety more like it's I, don't know, I'm still learning. What's my excited because I'm having problems like all the time, ours is different. Yeah, it's different I have not self diagnosed very important, clinically diagnosed post-traumatic stress, see that's some [ __, ], yeah, right and so I have social anxiety again clinically diagnosed social anxiety, but I learned overcome that through exposure therapy right so just get out there and just force myself to do it. Yeah and I'm still miserable the whole time I'm doing. How does it manifest itself and you're like when you say you're anxious? What are you feeling the most common for me? Is a disassociative state, so I will kind of hit eject on the brain and that's what I get and it's a [ __ ] worse. Well, it's hate it. It's actually a tool. I've been taught, it's actually a tool that I my body used. So, the very first time, I ever disassociated was the very first time I ever got a near-death beating, and so my mom just just wailed on me for a long time and my body hit the eject tool to say hey, you know what this isn't happening. We're not here. This is not real nothing's here and so for me, the way I described it to try to get people to understand it. It's kind of like trying to control a video game character mm-hmm through a broken television. That's in an aquarium, mm-hmm, that's across the room on another planet, depending on how this associative I am right there. How far away I am from my own body, but it feels very much like the matrix to me. I think that's one of the easiest ways to I feel like I'm jacked into this life and into this body. That's you know, and so what does that mean, though, that you just don't like you don't care about stuff? You don't well I mean you may feel like you're watching a movie or something I feel like that is not a bad description, but I do still very much care right, um, but I think people like people who have disassociative States. Those are the people that you know snap one day and like murder. Somebody I'll never do that right but like how do you account for that because I'm just trying to like conceptualize the thing I think I have something different. Now that I hear you just write it I I, don't really sure I! Well, that's very separate too by the PTSD. That's a symptom of the poster miraculous. So when we talk about post-traumatic stress, what happens there is a circumstance will happen in the room that I'm in and that circumstance will trigger hate. Using that word, it's mostly cause of you. You can say you get the head, but not like triggering me, like oh I'm, very offended in the act, but actually college. They cause a chemical reaction in my brain right. That then, my brain believes that the thing that happened to me then, is happening again now and so it'll trigger fight-or-flight, and it will begin to use all the tools that it used to protect itself the first time and what I perceive as reality is no longer reality. It will create that moment in my brain again, and so my brain is like hey. This is happening to you again, whatever terrible thing. It is that I'm remembering and then I'm experiencing it and then I'll still have a very cognizant awareness that the I am here and then is just a safe place and everything's fine and so I have to fight my brain -, calm down, - relax itself to handle things, concentrate on my breathing play with my fidget spin or whatever, mostly realistically, I, serve social media. I. Try to distract myself. I carry three DS with me all the time. I carry my switch with me most of the time. Now those are great distraction tools and then just get processed. All the chemicals in my brain until they're gone, and so that's the real two ways. That's in the will the real two ways that I really and then that this associative state will kick in sometimes so the PTSD does and then that's just awesome because I just kind of sit there and just we like it in a way it can be very useful. Yeah can be very pristine, so my thing that I get it's called like it's like a brain fart like depersonalization I, think it's called yeah where it's like um, it's almost like a bad high I get like brain fogged and I, don't feel like myself. I would say. That's like level one of what I've experienced a say like I'd, say I'd say that's like the how I spend 90% of my time. The worst is like because, if I get that feeling like before I come on, this show I get like super in my head or like before. I have to make a video over after work and I'm like I can't do it. Cuz I feel like I'm, not funny I'm in my head, I feel like I'm just high and I'm, like paranoid, I'm super sensitive to everything and I just feel like I can't perform I can't be myself and that that to me is the scariest worst part. Is that I can't be me? You know know that truth that should [ __ ] me up well what again, through therapy? What I learned to do is I learned to basically try to not create a persona, because that leads people to believe I'm, disingenuous and I am genuine to try to figure out who and what I am who I want to be specifically and then to push through the anxiety and to push through the the fog there and and project that person right and so like. Who are you see like really because here's the thing you're, not a body you're, not a dis associate of mine, you're you're, not a victim you're person, you have personality of quirks, you have wants feelings, desires, figure out who you are and then we're gonna learn how to project that through the [ __ ], and that's what we did. That's. How am I, though, out of all the therapy I'm with her and I must've been through 20 years of it? Maybe 2 years of it was good and that's real. That's really frustrating because a lot of people go, I went to therapy and it doesn't work and it doesn't most of the time. But it's all like little small pebbles right yeah, you know therapy is in Iraq. Therapy is a bunch of grains of sand every day, every session, every whatever it adds up after a lifetime right I know for me, that's how it worked a time but yeah that that that was one of the best things in the world, so Heights into the one of the reasons I think I'm, so good at performing, and why I'm good at performing the Francis character without taking a break that ever having a break, is I learned how to project that personality and that kind of wood enacted us, but at least people think that I'm Jin, Diane, disingenuous and maybe I'm someone that is true, because if I were genuine, I would be comatose. Most of the time does not speaking right, but this is who I want to be yeah, so, even even tonight, when I've got nervous, I'm, just like I just gotta, be me I, just gotta. Just let me be me yeah and just let everything so it's true. A lot of the fear I have is like this self-aware fear where I'm like, oh, my god, I'm gonna I'm, not me right now, instead of just like being just accepting that you don't feel good and just being like okay, well, I, don't feel like myself, there's an and then like the panic sets in and that freaks me out right just being like okay, I, don't feel good, don't think about it. Just go with it that kind of solves half the problem. Right I will tell you a secret actually, so I live stream on Twitch yeah and one of the reasons I went to live stream on Twitch was to practice exposure therapy. For my anxiety, that's the very first time I went, live, I lost my mind with exactly I was terrified. Oh my god, there's like 15 people watching and they're. Judging me right now, my god and it just like correct me, a little bit and so I would stream on YouTube a little bit. But it's hard for me to find an audience on the YouTube channel for some reason and I really wanted the game and when I started to move to twitch it was when gaming still was not yet so. I can sign up for an MCN took like 30 percent of your income and so I will twitch. Let me do it without any problem. They'll pay me to do it instead of me paying somebody else for the right to play games so I'll do that and so twitch became this like therapy thing for me, and sometimes I will have a nervous breakdown. I will cry in the bathroom floor for 20 minutes and then get up and walk in and stream, and if you ever watch my stream, the nights that I'm playing bo burnham music, it generally is me psyching myself up prior to the show playing bo burnham to just get ready to do it. If you hear the Kanye rant, it's because I'm psyching myself up to do it. Oh and that's a great attitude, but it's like that's super important, like I, think a lot of people struggle with anxiety and depression in, like my what I would say to them and I think there's really only one answer is like you, just you can't give in to it. You can't just lay in bed right and just wait to die. You have to [ __ ] push yourself out of bed, and that's your thing. That's true of literally whatever problem you have right kind of like I. Think when I think of like Ricky baroque, you don't Ricky from yea Twitter right, oh yeah, like Ricky, could easily be a victim for what's going on this corner feeling miserable for himself yeah right but he's taken what his life has handed him and not only just accepted it, but embraced it, and it turned negative into a positive yeah and just and it's heaven as far as I can tell having an incredible time doing it. Yeah and I love every second of it. He loves every second of it and I. Think that's somebody who could veer very easily been paralyzed by the fear. Paralyzed by the things that hold him back, yeah and I think that's all life is right, like I was a shut-in for seven years, and you know what I got out of that I lost seven years. Yeah I can get anything out of that right. I didn't get I, didn't heal, I didn't get better. I didn't feel better. Nothing. Nice happened to me during that period. I said man I just played a budget, I requested Oh ever question. We need the bun and every what sir? No wonder you lost seven hundred years of your life, [ __ ]. What was it was uh no I played so hard I lost. My entire childhood ever cries dude. What was the name? It was a PvP I want to give a shout-out to the Praxis server. I want to give a shout-out to a with rocks Praxis PR e ex-us. Remember all the servers were named after the Gothic or some [ __ ] I, don't remember. Alan Zachary on Valentine's AK, yep, Valens, acteam, P yeah Wow did I was on that too big of a [ __ ] to play. It was a play on a pvp server, yeah dov', never quest and did not come out for seven years. Oh I had to go from EverQuest to world of warcraft, but then because I mean every question last so when did you come out of the this shell? Was it during the well age uh in 2005, just I realize I had not had sex with another person so seven years, and that was the Kali and I had the last girl I'd had sex with. We were together off and on for like six and a half years and she was getting married and I'm like you know what I don't know. If that's why I've been harboring all of this [ __ ] or not, but here's the thing I don't want to die alone and I looked around I'm like how alone am I I have a roommate and we're friends and I've burnt every other friend bridge I had so I'm gonna make one of them, myspace account. So here's so much and I put myself out there and I met a few girls through there. I went on a few first dates, but they go pretty badly. You know when you're, like hey, so here's the thing: I, don't have kids, because I'm afraid of might punch them not a bit of a turn-on, but I've met a girl out of like Memphis Tennessee and my brother had a place in Memphis. It has a reason: his family down there, so I packed up one day to stay a weekend with my brother and met the girl and she's like you want to go to downtown Memphis and I'm like absolutely not. That sounds like a horrifying experience. We should go and like we wrote the duck boat and I'm like I. This is so much better than what I've been doing over the last seven years. It's so much better than just on your waiting tonight. So, even though I'm terrified, and even though this is painful because I do not fit on the duck boats, those are tiny little [, __, ] seats, um I was just glad I did it, and so that was the beginning half of the whole thing. Well, we in her data for a while and I. She was my excuse to get out of the house for a while and I ended up. We ended up breaking up and I ended up playing Magic. The Gathering again went back to that game. Got me into my local gaming, store every Friday night and then I started judging magic, tournaments and magics like the good version of EverQuest. Well, it takes you out of the house right, yeah, exactly to interact with people in the world, spend like $100 on a single piece of paper: okay, yeah the dream yeah, but well, but you know I I mean we started going back to pro tours and stuff from first row, qualifiers and and really like the Grand, Prix's and I was like man. Why don't? Why ever stop doing this? I wish I'd played magic. I, never learned how to play that game. It's a great game, it's expensive, and sometimes it has its ups and it's downs. I played it now for 24 25 years since 1994 I came in at January of 94 Wow, so I played it it's probably at least once a week. What is it? What is it about the game that you love so much? Is it like? I did super strategic, that's exactly it's like. Like I, don't know when you build a deck, it's like very personal you've chosen to build if you're playing commander like the commander, you choose or the are this the standard deck that you're playing or whatever and then there's a social aspect. Every good person I've met other than like maybe 1 or 2 people I've been over a game of magic. The person who kept me from literally being homeless, the guy gave me the dorm room to sleep on and becoming one of my best friends who lives with me and my wife. Still to this day, he known for 20-some years I met him over game of magic. Wow and I mean III mean everybody that we have 20 25 people come over to my house on Saturday night and they've all been hand-picked people, you know sometimes they're plus ones, but for the most part, they're all been hand-picked people that I picked over a game of magic, and that's me one person that tries out a little group, interesting yeah and the game is really fun too, but I mean that's when somebody who asked me every once well, how does an adult make friends I'm, like you, have a local gaming store in your town, because if you do show up right and pick a game, maybe magic, that's probably most popular in there, but pick a game and play with people. You think generally magic players are more like are welcoming and warm people. It depends on your community. Our community was always super cool, but a lot of that has to do the fact that I live in Northwest Arkansas. It was just absurdly progressive and one of my favorite stories about how progressive Northwest Arkansas is, and it's not like in an obnoxious way. It's not like we're talking. Like people. Rioting on campus kind of way, it's just everybody just kind of well okay. So let's talk about progressivism for just a second. How can we do this yeah? Of course, so I grew up in the 80s and 90s right and so progressive in these 90s was all about tolerance. It was all about tolerating other people right like there's, there's Muslim your neighborhood. You should probably just be okay with that. Yes focused on just learning to be okay with that and your your son might be a homosexual and you just need to learn to focus on being. Okay, oh that, okay, you don't have to like champion them. You don't have to do anything else. Just just accept that and also hey, if you happen to be gay or a happening Muslim and you live in an area area with bigots. You got to tolerate bigots because there are people too right and like that was just the whole kind of premise of how I grew up and so Northwest Arkansas is still kind of just lets. People be people right, and so, if you've got unlike the the drinking strip in my town, it's a law bar sports bar gay bar, a sports bar. You know the the the the transsexual bar that has the the drag shows chicken wings right. You know and like right just does her thing. Nobody really cares right and so like when we had a pride parade in Fayetteville about a year and a half ago, my friend Olivia who's trans. She marched it and my wife got this beautiful picture. She tweeted out on social media and it's a protester and the protesters wearing like a shirt like you know, protesting that, although the whole gay rights thing and Olivia says, can I hug you and he goes well. Of course you can hug me why wouldn't I want to give you a hug, I I, just don't you to go to hell, I'm, worried about burning in hell that right we don't have any personal problems right. It's just my book says that you will burn in hell and I. Don't want that to happen. Do you actually care? It's. A care comes rightly so compassion right. That's where we don't have a lot we have like, maybe like one hate preacher, everyone, but like I, don't know it's a great area, so also our magic community has just always been like very hey. Let's just concentrate on the game: you're Republican I'm, a Democrat you're black I'm white I'm fat, you're skinny. Who cares this games fun? Do you like this game? Sure you're gonna have dinner after this yeah? Let's have dinner, that's cool so play some more there um! It's not always that way. You know especially a hard time imagining a Magic, the Gathering community being like a bunch of like dicks I. Don't know why I just met does it makes it like well every once in a while, you get to try hearts right. Yeah I can't believe I lost your yeah, it's there's a minim screw and you get the guy who's. Just kind of like I know everyone someone you get that guy who's very about his thing: right, I'm, very Republican, I'm, very Democrat, I'm, very progressive, I'm, very bigoted writer, that guy, like it, supersedes the game. But then that's just like a personal problem that has nothing that game yeah. That's just a guy who's like who's really too deep into identity. Point you when you come together for a magic like you do tournaments, like gather drinks yeah like people right like our local store, the one I go to is like gear in Fayetteville and they do they'd like two or three events a week. So how many do then? It depends that could be as small as eight and I think like for their pre-releases way, they'll get like 120 Wow, and it's rice that store like 100, some people but you're, saying yeah and then like. If you go to like a grand prix like Grand, Prix, Las Vegas just took place, yeah and I. Don't want to guess a number here, because I don't want to be that off. We're talking tens of thousands of races, a huge tournament like you're we're talking there massive massive massive confit yeah like massive enormous. What is the entry flavor last grand-prix I played and I play like 80 bucks, I'm sure it's more expensive these days, 80 bucks. So what does the first place take home on something like tens of thousands? Damn so is their professional Magic, the Gathering players allow and they're people professionals, people streaming professionally. There's people go in the circuit who also streamer freshly. There's people like there's one guy who's who's, a trust. Well, he ended up putting money into like some sort of stock broker thing and that stocks for other people and, like so he's rich, but he just likes the game so yeah it shows up and it takes other people's money and laughs about it. Now didn't care about that and like there's, it's just like any other eSport there's a lot of personalities, doing the things that they do in their their heroes, sometimes and they're villains other times and and then everybody pictures about the state of the game and it's fun to just complain about you soon. Yeah and I I hate eSports, but matches the one I can kind of tolerate like I want to hear about the deck you played. I want to hear about him right, I, don't ever like what decks one Oh, what card they ban the Pro Tour? What card spiked that's interesting, usually yeah I, know I. Usually this is a weird tradition. We always ask about ghost stories: I have a ghost or a I want to take another quick break. I I, don't think I think we have to end after that, because I have the thing. Oh, we have to wrap it up. Okay, we have to okay. So let's end on the classic, spooks and goofs. This is the most random thing menial or super skeptical people. We don't really believe in ghosts, but somehow everyone we've had on the show has like really fascinating supernatural / ghost stories, so we always throw it to the guess what we've got English books and gives her no weird about this. You also don't have to I. Do I do and okay, so I grew up dabbling in variety of Christian religions. My mom would expose my new as many as she could a Christian religion, Christian religious, like all the different Hospital, Methodist and so I had a costume easily my favorite, because I we went to this Pentecostal church and it was all about the Holy Spirit, touching you and coming inside you and talking toes flop on the floor. So I've seen that [ __ ] fascinate did when I watch that I'm like this doesn't look Christian. This looks demonic, right yeah. This is like the Jesus camp stuff and so like there's even like which I will I there's even like exorcism stuff in my history, because my mom was like crazy and so, but that all to me I'm a victim of Munchausen's syndrome. So how much of that is [, __ ] right like how much was that is just storage team and manipulate me right, I, don't know, but here's something I can absolutely tell you beyond the shadow of a doubt that happened to me. So my mom passed in 2009 and I always wanted to be the good kid you know, and I was the only one that would do anything for her. You know, even though I got the worst of it I, for whatever reason I could see the heart out of monsters and I wanted to be there for her when she died, and so I get a phone call one day and like you know, your mom is about to pass' at the hospital. If you you want to be here, you need to come and I pack up my all my [ __ ] and I go there and I sat next to her and hold her hand and she dies, and you know they give her morphine to help her go I. Don't think a lot of people realize that, but they they'll give you morphine and a lethal dose when they know you're gonna, like a little dose, give you a lethal amount of morphine. Are you serious? That's something? That's very common Lee I didn't know Lee well enough to where your help, basically you're, not you're, almost not even conscious at that point right, right, you're, not there right so like in the case of my mother, all of her organs had shut down. She had three infections in her that were not reacting to antibiotics, she's absolutely going to die and her art is failing right now. So, let's give her enough morphine to wear when she dies tonight, she will die completely out of pain. She'll, be completely unaware completely comfortable I'm, just saying she's already in a medically comatose state. At that point anyway, right so I held her hand, she died and I'll. Tell you, I didn't know what to expect, but here's what happened? Nothing just nothing! She was alive one second and she wasn't the next and her body didn't change or transform in any magic way. There's no light. There was no poof, there was no wind, nothing. The machines showed that her heart was beating one second and they showed they were flatline, the next. That was it, and the nurses unhooked her and I sat with her and I sat with her and I sat with her and I again just kind of comesss I, don't know what I'm supposed to do. You know and they said he'd take as much time as you want. I'm like okay I, don't know how much time I would I don't know what I'm doing, but eventually my friend Chad, the guy who I told you help me keep from being homeless, enlist with us now he came. He was in the room and he's like Steve. We should go, we got to make arrangements and look okay and you know we left and did everything and had to be done and I came home and I was playing World of Warcraft I decided the way I was gonna. Cope with her death was to throw myself back into that game. Make a few friends and just play that game like a drug until the pain stopped mm-hmm, and so that's what I was doing and I always spent Christmas with my mom every year. This is the very first Christmas I would ever spend alone. Now, with a wife, the last Christmas left spent alone, I'm pretty happy about that. But in fact, in retrospect it's the only Christmas ever spent a long, interesting and I'm setting her playing World of Warcraft shirtless I was so broke at the time. I didn't have an office chair, I had a stupid, broken cooler, I'd, flipped upside down, Wow, also set in Aaron's broken-down desk. That's broken down. Sharing this old, ailing computer and I feel a hand touch my right, shoulder, jump and I realize it felt exactly the way my mom's had felt when I was holding her now me and my mom had this arrangement I. Have it all with all my friends? Have it with my wife and everybody else? If there's an afterlife, you need to tell me if there is any way you can communicate to me that there is an afterlife. You need to come and let me know so that I can stop being a [, __ ] nihilist and get my [ __ ] together. Ok, if it's Christianity, let me know if it's Muslim I need to [ __ ] know would you ever want? It is show up and tell me so I can start doing that. Ok, so that's the deal umm, sorry I stayed up and I look around the room and I go mom, nothing mom, nothing! So I set back down and I type in the chat. I'm like you're, never gonna believe what happened and I felt the hand on my right. Shoulder again. That's weird, so I knew not to turn around Oh cry. Ha ha I knew not to turn around because I know she's, not gonna, be there anyway and I know on some level that that's psychosomatic I know on some level. That's just me processing grief. Where was it? He like here right here on the right, shoulder I got it and I I. You know, I I know on some level, psychosomatic I know on some level. It's just me my brain processing, the pain and figuring out a way to deal with it, and you know, but at the same time I don't know. I do I know that, like do I know, then why you asked you have this deal with your mom? Do you think that she was fulfilling it I, don't know I, honestly, I honestly, don't know what that means. I wish I did I wish. There was a moral to that story. I wish I could say, I figured it out, it turns out. We all have to eat, spaghetti every Thursday and that's how we get in heaven. I, don't know, but I know I still to this day. I, don't know what it meant. I, don't know what it was. That's why you know I have spoken to one therapist about it and that therapist has said it was you're. Probably right it probably was psychosomatic. You probably imagine this scenario. You know where you sleep, deprived during their time like well, I, wasn't sleeping at all for, like weeks yeah, that's probably part of it. It's just the grief process. It strikes us all every possible way, but who knows it's really interesting a lot of the yeah. That was thanks for sharing that yeah. A lot of the ghost stories are just you know, there's no answer, but yeah. There's no answer. You can think of reasons. Usually, it's not I've felt that before where it feels like someone touched, my shoulder, yeah and I and I. Don't know how to explain it. It feels like a spat, maybe a spasm or something like right. Maybe there's actually something in your body that feels like you're being touched. What specifically struck me was her hand was cold as she died, and so it was very cold when you felt the temperature temperature since action. That's why that's that's a good story! Good luck, sleeping everybody! Yes, thank you. Well, I'll tell you what thanks for joining us dude! Thank you for that ghost story. That was a legendary one. Y'all was a real spoon that might be the top spookiest ghost story. We bet Wow, okay, yeah I have to go, find a compilation of the rest. It'll definitely come around anyway. I really appreciate you making the trip out here is no no real. As soon as you started, announcing a podcast am I gonna, be on that one day. That's a bucket list item right now and I can't believe scratch it off yeah. Do you guys, oh yeah? Well, definitely just do anything at VidCon. Why do you guys not dude I, don't know I get the feeling we're not going, but we've never been invited. We've never been clearly this way. Yeah I, don't know how it works. Do you get invited or do you well I think like so, if you're with an MCN I think sometimes James Ian will pitch your name and if they're interested, then whatever I just wrote the company, like four years ago, I'm like hey I've, always wanted to go to VidCon I think super cool, and are you guys interested meters? What I do right like sure and so here's the thing like hey I, think a lot of people think that, like everybody ever talked like, why don't you try to go to VidCon on some level and they're like I? Don't think they want me as a featured creator, whatever you'd have been so perfect for the copyright panel I did last year that I dropped your name several times daring and talking about your situation. Talking about your suit talking about Fupa, talking about the whole nine yards and all I could think that whole time was if I didn't even know. That was a thing. You know. I I, don't know it's. It's we've never really done the first con we did was III and it was um. Dude was that this year, yeah was the hilarious one. We didn't make it inside actually cut they're kind of late and like we got there late, we had like an hour there, but we getting stopped so many times. It's like a perfect overlap, I think of our fans yeah, but we were getting stopped so much that it was very much it was. It was more intense and I got the best feeling in the world. I swear it. That's my favorite man. It was really it's really flattering but other than like. When, like it got to the point where there was like a full circle around us and people kept lining up. Do we have enough time for one now, I was like I'm [ __ ] I'm trapped I was such a good I have no escape plan. Okay. So last year I am at VidCon yeah and the first year I went to VidCon. It was pretty cool like one out of five people recognized me 150 people, sometimes I can just go on the floor and like I, take one selfie, no, be it yeah the next year, a lot worse, the third the third year, the third time over last year and I, could not go into public area right and if I did, I would literally get that wall yeah um and then on top of that security was mad at me, because this is right after the Christina, Grimmie, shooting and they're like super hyper aware, and they can't control that situation. It's like you're destroy your not supposed to be near the public, but it's the whole reason we're yeah, yeah, yeah and but you know, I mean I didn't want to get uninvited, so I eventually started backing off and I did have to go through a public area, be like I'm. Sorry, we can't talk. We can't talk, you know, I'm, sorry, sorry, you don't apologize to something like this as I'm walking or my little stupid remark our thing. So we David I lost my train of thought so I'm this little. They do this little um meet and greet on the convention floor. So we can connect with brands and brands can connect with us because we weren't able to do that to the rest of the show right and so I go back to the bar and you never believe who's there, markiplier Jack, except a guy mm-hmm jontron, all sitting there drinking and I'm like oh, my god. This is three people right off the list. I can't wait to talk to all these guys and we hang out for a little while we talk shocked here. You know Mark says some of the nicest things to me. So we end up. We way we end up going to the concert that night Gregory, Brothers, aint greens man is playing. My wife's favorite part is a concert she's like watching her clock. Oh, we need to go. We need to go and like hey guys, we're gonna split, we're gonna watch the concert. You know if you anyways want to come. Oh I'd, love to everybody's super excited, so here's the thing I'm used to my level of recognition, I'm not used to jacksepticeye hit mark at VidCon I can imagine that's like Beatles mania like Shh. Well, show us the way so I show them the way, and it's all back a house until we get right to the concert and I. Don't know that there's like a place for us to watch the concert. I mean my wife I've, always just watched it from the audience in the back right, so I lead them right into the center. Of the damn thing. Mark is smart enough to know pout and John is he's like peace at this John is like I, don't know what happened to John cuz. He was drinking a lot I, don't know if I saw what we uh, but Jack falls me in there yeah and so Jack literally Beatlemania. There are girls putting flowers in his hair. There are girls, handing him stuffed. Animals I, don't even think. There's a lot of girl work. That's all girls, it's all girls, Wow I, don't even think they brought this stuff for Jack, I. Think they're literally just taking things they own and giving it I. Personally credit cards did I. One thing I consistently hear about VidCon. Is that it's like super creepy. It can't be because it's just a bunch of little wait, that's aged! That's! It used to be fetishizing break! That's how you know that used to be all it was like the fourth year like four years ago yeah. Now it's pretty much like a lot of younger brothers and sisters, so those girls have grown up and so now there's a huge gamer audience and there's a huge it's very diverse now but at four years ago, absolutely, but every girl that was at that concert, found Jack and so I look over at one point- and he looks at me like this done to me- I'm, going to get shot right and he's so sweet that he's still signing away and he's taking gifts. Oh thank god he's people trying to kiss him and they're trying to touch him. What have I done to him so I walk over to the security guy that grabbed him by the shirt and I said: dude where's the green room and he goes hey bug, I, don't know if you're allowed in the green moon or not I I could find out, though, and like not. For me him mm-hmm and I point to Jack and Jack looks at the security got like I'm [, __, ], drowning yeah. There's no escape right, there's just stuck there, so he then goes grabs the two biggest security guards he can find and then they literally just saved jack. That's just like part. The ways he's got to go. Everybody's he's got to go, I'm, sorry, starting to go and oh I'm. So sorry, oh I can't believe I, don't know he can't find me like you need he'd say we get him to the back, and this is why I like telling the story? Yeah um. We get him to the back and I'm like dude I'm. So sorry, I didn't realize that was gonna, be like that for yeah. We normally just watch it, but it goes. Oh, it's not a big deal, but he's just III can't sign all those people I can't hug all those people and I'm like well I'm. Sorry to put you in that situation because well it's not a big deal. It's just it's just too damn many of them. I wish I could meet every girl here, but I just can't do it and like I thought it was so sweet that what he wasn't mad at me he's just frustrated frustrated that he literally can't people. That's the situation, I lose that it's great yeah, but it you're. You are confronted by this. It's way too much and you want to say hi to everyone. You want to take a selfie, but it's like you can't you have to you can't sit there all day and the best part is you need you need someone to like. Have your back hey it's time to go and if you don't want to be the guy, that's like nice to go, you know and so I. It is overwhelming! Now and that's why, like burning, you asked me if I wanted to come to RTX, roosterteeth and I'm like I. Don't think I can dude, because I think I'm gonna get swamped. They don't really have like I asked if he's like a lot of back-of-house stuff and he's like no, not really we're just gonna wade through it. I don't know that I could do that with my social anxiety and stuff, and but why I tried to think of something. Markiplier said whenever I meet in fans. He said you know. If I meet somebody at VidCon, it's probably the thousand firth and I've met at VidCon. It's not important to me, and it's not that memorable to me, but that person might have bought a ticket just to meet me. That person is meeting me for the first and maybe only time so I have to get it right, yeah, and so that's what I try to think this isn't about me. I put myself in a position where it's not about me anymore. It's about this person, so we're gonna, ask them their name. I'm gonna talk to them. I'm gonna get to know something about them, I'm going to try to remember them if I see them later at the convention, and it's over well he's just so overwhelming, but it's just again: I have to sleep at night and I got to know. I did the right thing, yeah, yeah I can imagine I, can't imagine being your level of Fame and then trying not let him get into the building yeah. We didn't. We didn't quite make I think it would have been even worse than the building I mean. We I think we need to wear a disguise or something. If we do that again, cost-wise right, yeah, cosplay yeah, do a little spider-man Elsa, all right. Let's wrap, we got it, we got it. Let's got some, oh you have some appointment to go to yeah. So thank you man. It was a joy. It was. The honor was a privilege again. If you guys want to check me out youtube.com slash, boogie2988 yeah, you might like references sketches it's the same vein kind of yeah and you might also like what I do on Twitch, because it is way stranger. What you do, I'll tell you that it's real [ __ ] up go to Twitter check out his twitch I'm gonna be watching [ __, ], you're selling, it I, don't know it's like just get ready to pucker your butthole, the entire strip buckers pure cringe, alright guys! Thank you. So much for watching this little impromptu episode appreciate you guys coming onboard joining us you're with buggy. We will be back on Friday at our usual time with steve-o spicy hot spicy. Hot we'd have a sponsor this episode. So the best way to support us guys, twitch prime, is that it I say right this time. Twitch, prime guys, if you connect your Amazon Prime with your twitch account, you can give us free money every month. A free subscription did you know that is, is amazing, I love it and I will tell you. That is where the majority of much, which implies it's free way to support us, connect your Amazon account, which everybody has Amazon. Prime rights are free money every month. Thank you. God bless you guys so much and if you guys go to represent calm /h, virtually you have two days left to buy this sick merch that he was wearing. Why is everyone saying scrapbook and oh? Is that something my mom? Because my mom said something about she wants everyone to sign the scrapbook guys guys so Ryder that my mom made this this scrapbook I can't have everyone scrapbook, let's go just but I loved it. They all remember! Well, let's, what's here, I'm gonna grab the scrapbook immortalize, this yeah I'm, sorry, my mouse goes like this, and my mouth goes like this I know: I've always been a guy who talks like a service. Yeah I met people like that, and it's so funny to me. I'm, like I, think she said: there's empty pages, the ones like look at the resolution. That's so bad, I love it it's exactly the way I wouldn't want it to be any other way. That's so good. She actually went to Staples [Laughter]. You know, honestly, if you do that to me. I'm, just gonna. Look normal yeah I'm, not gonna, look thin I'm! Just like super look at this, it looks like Aiden looks like an eight-year-old wrote it if you ever get my signature. If y'all want to fake my signature, just you have a stroke. Do it with your offhand? Those are the best natures. Yeah love the shadow on that too. By the way, guys, it's been a laughs, it's been a gaff there's been some spook, some ghosts, lots of spooks and sadly tons of spooks, oh yeah, so we'll see you guys on Friday thanks for watching poly plus thank God. It.
