Welcome everybody to the gazebo zone join me under the gazebo. Would you please guys welcome to the gazebo zone? I need you guys to understand. Okay, that when I express anything here under the gazebo, it's correct and true and all opinions given forth are infallible- are, are indisputable and by the very nature of themselves impossible to contradict. That is what it means to be under the gazebo, and I thank you all for joining me here today in the correct opinion zone. Thank you to our sponsors, quip, stitch, fix and dollar shave club. If you would like to share your opinion under the gazebo with us today, give us a call at 808 hot meme. Give us a ring today. We'd love to hear from you. How are you good um? There was an episode of the prophet where he helped a business of people who were making gazebos that's funny and every time they said gazebo I had to giggle it's like. I can't, but it's so weird, all of a sudden everybody's talking about gazebos like once. When did you ever hear gazebo used in a conversation ever, I can't hear it without laughing. Now, though, they literally made gazebos that was their company yeah um. They were in the gazebo zone. Yeah they were nice gazebos. They were not your everyday uh tlc gazebo. Let me tell you these were premium made, guys welcome everybody. Thank you for joining us, so wonderful to have you here. I'm here joined by the illustrious beautiful eli cline, my my pregnant, beautiful wife. By the way I say, pregnant, beautiful wife, because ever since that we found out you're pregnant and we're always like all right, you're still pregnant, because you- because it's like kind of uneasy during the first three months, because you can have a miscarriage somewhat commonly like 10 to 15. I read, but I just I think it's so amazing, you're so cool. I always think that to myself they say apparently there's already a heartbeat. That's unbelievable! Oh, where it is, and they say well, this was we read. They described the baby that she has as the size of a pip, an orange seed, an orange seed, but they called it a pip which I thought was really funny. A pip squeak a little pip, but I just think it's so amazing that eliz has this little pip inside of her. I don't know I just I'm so charmed by that. I just think it's amazing and you've gained a little weight. You've been eating great she's super healthy, she's radiant, I'm already gaining weight. Let's see how much look at this. I just I'm, I'm so in love with my beautiful pregnant wife. Who's got this little pip inside of her. We've got our first ultrasound in like uh two weeks a week a week, oh shh, right yeah. I think it's two weeks. I can't believe it. It still feels so surreal, but yeah that's gonna, make it feel real yeah yeah sure, there's your little pip we're trying to think of a name. Maybe pip, ela hates now go with your first instinct pen for sure just go for it at any rate, guys, let's get into the show, I'm charmed to be here. You're, let's get started right away with your goof of the day, there's a lot to get to um under the gazebo here today. Now this video comes courtesy of your boy, tom segura. I saw this on his instagram and I had to share it with you. So this is a professional boxer who is having promoting a big fight he's having and um this I'm trying to break this down for you guys, because it's so it's so wild okay, let me show you the video so he's on a daytime television show and some mascot comes out dressed in a burrito and um. I think he was meant to punch him in the stomach because you can see the house being like hit him right here, hit him right here and this box. This is a boxer, a world-class fighter. He punches this [ __ ] guy in the face as hard as he can dude, and you could tell that burrito that tortilla padding just isn't enough. So let's see who's usually inside those two, it's probably not like a guy, not someone who can take a punch. So apparently, something flew off, and so apparently he broke this poor son of bitch's jaw and you see him writhing around in pain and everyone's kind of clowning on him, but he you see he's like trying to like yeah he's like dude, I'm, not okay and everyone's clowning on him. He goes right in the stomach in the [ __ ] phase. He does pat the stomach and then last minute yeah. I think it's his fault really the host. Well, I don't know if anyone speaks spanish, maybe he was like punch him here. Definitely don't punch him, maybe he just decked that poor guy he probably had like padding like extra padding in the stomach yeah and nothing in there. Oh so apparently he broke his jaw and this guy said on twitter. I don't know it sounds ironic, his apology, because it kind of gave me a good goal. He said I sincerely apologize to the brave man that was injured. I have the utmost respect for him. His part he's talking about the guy in the burrito suit. I have the utmost respect for the burrito boy uh his participation, willingness and courage. He says true hero. If this is true, I would personally like to invite him to my december first fight. Are you trying to give this guy flashbacks? Does he have to wear his burrito costume? I don't know why I just it had me uh in stitches, frankly uh he, he tossed the he. He beat the salsa right out of the burrito, not a mexican joke, a burrito joke. Let's be clear. I've gotten way more classic integrity. You can make race related jokes about because they put salsa in burritos as well as rice and beans and stuff. Like that, I thought that was clear. Do I need to make an apology, [Laughter] um, here's another good, one, shannon your pizzas here, okay, this is just a goofy, we're just getting started here, we're lubing it up, we're lighting it up. You know what I'm saying so this person decided to order a pizza and they put a sign on the door that said scream. Shannon your pizza is here, do not ring the doorbell or knock our grandma is sleeping upstairs. You know I have to say what do you think about somebody leaving a sign on a door for pizza delivery guy to scream shannon your pizzas here? No one would actually do that. Yeah, it's a kind of it's asking a lot of a pizza guy scream. Most people will probably not even read the letter, I'm not about asking someone to scream like I'm, not screaming yeah. You know what I mean, but this guy he he receives the note and he reciprocates. So what did the note say again? It said scream. Please scream shannon your pizzas here, because my grandma is sleeping and the doorbell will wake my nan up. So, let's see how this uh brilliant mind reacts to that and look at this guy strutting up like a thousand pizza like this guy's, a pizza god. If I've ever seen one, he assesses the situation he strolls up with the confidence of a thousand fupas, a thousand pies. I feel like there's no sound yeah. There's no sound! Oh well! That's pretty critical! Do you have oh yeah? I got it. I fix it! Oh, let's try it again. There we go there. We go so foopish maximus approaches the door with pizza in hand the cru the crows are calling in anticipation of what's to come, and then she opens the door and screams in her face too. Now. What I'm wondering is because asking a pizza boy to shout. I wonder if this was his way of being like [ __ ] you for making me shout it's a little bit of rebellion, yeah, malicious compliance. Well, first of all, you know nana woke the [ __ ] up from there. You know what I mean and, second of all, she opens the door and he continues to scream in her face. So you know what I mean it's just so weird like. I wonder if it was a revenge, because who this guy really sees the opportunity. You know I love that the crows are crying. I don't think I've ever screamed like that. It's like he took a full breath. Maybe this guy who's, so passionate about pizza, understands he's like they might be in the backyard they might be in the attic they might be far. I need these people to know that I'm here, it's so dedicated to it. This guy's, a legend. You read it exactly. They've got some, mr pibb in the bag. So that's these are people that respect pizza and sodi, because you don't order mr pibb, unless you're deep in it. What is that it's a off brown, dr pepper, oh she's, laughing at this- I want more. I want I want more. I want a reality show that follows this guy delivering pizzas. Oh my god pick that up the screaming pizza man tonight on tlc tlc is on fire yeah. Oh, my god. Tlc is on fire because we've been making all these videos about tlc and how insane they are, but I've never actually put on the network and watched I'm like well. This is all amazing stuff. Why am I not watching tlc? We started recording the channel yeah I started. I started saving on dvr. All the programs been watching 90 day, fiance holy shits. This is the best show on I swear to god. This is the most entertaining show on television um. These guys will make a show about any goddamn thing. They have like five shows about little people and giant people and giant people and everyone in between um. I have this whole segment, but first I wanted to show this tai lopez is using me in a [, __ ] ad. You believe this guy remember. We made that video with tai lopez, yeah here h3 here in my garage with tai lopez. It's an ad what the [ __ ] ty. This is all the meme layers. I knew he was good. I knew he had it all started from his ads and now you're in his app. What the hell, I don't think he's allowed to use our footage like that is he I don't know. I I saw this this morning and I tweeted I dm'd him on twitter. I was like ty what the hell dude with the crying laughing emoji, really because soften the blow a little yeah soften the blow, but give me a [ __ ] break doug. What is this [? __ ]? Did you reply? I don't know I don't know oh [, __, ] yeah, and what the [ __ ] ty, now you're using me to sell your [ __ ], I'm not I'm not even getting paid, not endorsing your message when we first saw his commercials on youtube like two years ago. If someone told you this, would you believe it not for a second either? I guess there is some kind of beautiful poetry to to you know acknowledging this that I'm sitting in a lamborghini in a tai lopez ad is pretty amazing yeah. That is pretty amazing jesus ty. What are you thinking doing this? We got to get him on the phone or something so anyway. I just wanted to point out that beautiful little thing that happened, but I've got clips from 90 day, fiance, okay, so this show. First of all, I got to tell you guys this show. Every episode is two hours long. We just found out yesterday, like this [ __ ] is so consumable. We sat in bed the first episode we watched and we didn't even notice. We thought it was 30 minutes. It was just all of a sudden, it was like 1, 30 am and we're like whoa. How did that happen? But yesterday we were watching an episode, yeah and it's been forever and danny is like. How long is this? It feels like we've been sitting here for a while, and I was like I don't know, 40 minutes or something, and we look and it's two hours. I've been already watching for an hour and a half, and we thought we were watching a 30 minute show and didn't even notice. Two hour episodes dude tlc is like las vegas. Like they hold you there, you know in vegas. They like don't have lights or windows. They like hold you hostage there and kind of like hide the fact that you've been hostage on their network for two hours and even the commercials are interesting because they show all their other weird shows that they have until there's lots of navaj yeah. Oh yeah, I like self-promotion little people, giant people you're just laughing at all this. So you don't. We didn't even skip the commercials. We really watched the whole two hours right, but um. So 90 day fiance, this show the whole premise is so insane, and I and I- and I stress that I don't even know how it's legal, because first it usually starts with them overseas. Well, they have attorneys, so it is legal whatever it is, I don't know yeah. They probably have some select attorneys, making sure that they're not getting deported, but it starts overseas, usually and then they're bringing them over on some kind of visa and they have 90 days to decide if they want to get married because they have to decide the visa expires in 90 days right. So they have to decide. Am I going to marry you and immigrate, or do I not like you and I'm leaving and the people well? First of all the people that would subject themselves to this are already [ __ ] in the head right. It's really weird, I don't know they're, apparently somehow in love they met. Somehow that's how you usually start I mean like who no, I mean, first of all, who would invite tlc cameras into the relationship during this difficult time? It's insane. Okay. First of all, second of all, the way they select couples is like incredible, because they'll only they will specifically find the people that, and you look at them- and you say there is no way that person cares about the other person yeah, because, like my favorite couple, is this guy david and annie this guy david is a 45 year old he's overweight he's broke, he has no prospect, no prospects in life and the girl is like 20 24 right 24., something like that and like- and this is the recurring message- there's no way that this other person cares. So it's like it's, so it's so scant, it's like so juicy. I am only now realizing that I love reality television, because at first you react and you're like. Oh, this is garbage who watches this [ __ ], but when you put on tlc all of a sudden you're like this, I cannot turn off. I don't know last night yeah last night the episode that we watched, which we're gonna show some clips of it got really depressing. I don't know that I can keep watching it. It's amazing! I wasn't depressed. I loved every goddamn second of it I was getting like actually nervous for them and you guys gotta see this well. For me, I was like [ __ ]. You thought you got. Marriage problems tried dating david thai massage. This blew me out of my chair. I said when I saw this. I turned to illinois says every moment of my life. However, difficult has been has been worth it to watch this one moment on tlc I've lived the full life. I said after I saw this one clip and I was watching this live in the middle of a two-hour episode. I was blown away so this guy david, and this is his thai fiance they're moving he's so broke. He can't even afford to get his own place, so they're mooching off his best friend and staying in their house. So in this clip his best friend is like well. What are you gonna do for me that you guys are staying at our house and I'm telling you guys wow. I love this. I have to leave my country. I have to leave my family, for I go to american studying life with nothing, no money, no job, but I believe in david make mistake, I believe in him so beautiful. I love this tonight, we're having drinks with chris and nikki before they head back to america. [Music] when annie and I get to america, we will be living with chris and nikki. It makes sense because I don't have a car, I don't have an apartment, I don't have a house, I don't even have a u.s bank account or whatever [Laughter]. Why does he specify u.s bank account because he lives in thailand? Oh okay, at least he's uh, charming, young and handsome [Laughter] [Music]. You still have our uh house ready for you. Are you excited about and scary yeah, because it's very far from from my country and very different everything's too different different people, chris invited david and annie to come, live with us. Let's be clear. This was not my idea at all and I tend to get excited uh and do things without uh telling assaulting consulting so uh. Did you have some uh rules that you wanted to talk about? The only thing that I don't uh, I don't care like that. Our house is your house right. You have the downstairs, we'll share the kitchen yeah, your own bathroom. You get your own little space, kitchen you're! Welcome until you get back um, you know back on your feet. You know. Yes, we get situated there and obviously I mean even as we've talked about, I mean it's a short-term thing. We have 90 days, you're you're family to us, yeah, he's implying that he's going to be here the whole time this guy is so he's the most pathetic person I've ever seen and I'm not. I don't show the clip where but he's so broke and he's begging and mooching from everyone and everyone's like dude. Just get a job. Do anything and he's like it's just not that easy crazy days we can get through 90 days. This is the best because uh just we got just a little bit. You know when you're on your 90-day visa you're not allowed to work, but we would like you to you know, maybe volunteer to do some things like you know volunteer to. I know I like thai food. I would love uh, you, you love to cook yeah sure I could go for you. Okay, it's a little tight. I love how he's like we'd, like you to volunteer yeah to cook, for us he's asking her to be a maid which is fine. It's not. I mean it's a little strange. The way he puts it yeah but guys buckle up. I like uh to get massages. I like thai massage, so is that something that you would be cool to. You know volunteer to give me a massage or something by the pool or a massage by the pool holy [ __ ]. This thing is when I just I'm still, I was hooked. This was when I was hooked. My left, this is when I gave up really. I can't I got I'm so worried for her this guy's such a creep, but he says it in front of his wife who, by the way, has like a trillion mile stare right now like look how dead in the face. She looks in front of his best friend and his wife. Can I get a thai massage by the way? Can you volunteer for a massage? I don't I love where he's like. What is this charity? Can you volunteer? What just I mean? How do you wrap your head around that the guy's like creep? I love how he's like your thai, so thai food and thai massage and a happy ending right, happy ending by the pool? That's how you do it in thailand right yeah, look at his wife. She is so checked out man, oh so here it goes on by the pool or oh he doesn't say anything he's like yeah baby come on everyone's just looking at each other. Well I mean, like I said, I'm not making you do anything, I'm just saying it would be nice [Music]. It goes on because I cut it short and I saw the whole episode he goes uh. She actually said no, thank god yeah. She said no but uh, but I would be worried. His friend was like oh well. He told me that you give good massages. That's why I asked like he his what's his [ __ ] name david david, put her put his friend up to asking her that's crazy [Music]. Is that good, [, __ ], or what two hours two hours two hours holy [ __ ] man do you do you have any skepticism that it's real cause like okay, dan? I will I ask myself all the time yeah. Let me tell you this here right now. I just don't accept that these people are good enough actors to pull it off. Have you worked like just doing sketch doing sketches for a v? It's very even a normal person. That's and that's been around performers in front of the camera. It's very easy to tell when someone's acting yeah. I don't think that these these are not even like. Also they actually, they followed them. For months, like yeah, like uh on facebook, that couple that we made a video about, you can still they're on youtube. They have a youtube channel. I think, if anything, the producers- probably you know- instigate, yeah. They manipulate and manipulate situations, but um. This is real as a heart attack dude. This is real as a bowl of spicy curry, my dog, it gave me a heart attack. This is real as a happy ending. Can you imagine when he started saying we would like you to volunteer? I thought. Maybe they have a charity that he wants her to come vulnerable um. He could just say: maybe it'd be nice if you could just help her on the house, that's reasonable! That would have been pretty normal he's like listen uh, but he had to make it like all about like so your thai cook, thai food and uh, give me a [ __ ] hand job every once in a while. So amazing, you guys um [Music], here's another one. So this is like half months later. I guess his friend is kicking him out of the house because he's been freeloading there for so [ __ ] long. Actually, let me show the wedding dress one first, I told this guy such a catch, so here they are shopping for a wedding dress. Okay, they they moved to the us they're there living with this friend, please for love. I've. I've picked out of 20 hours. This is a two hour episode. These wonderful moments for us all to share together: okay, hello, you're on speakerphone and speakerphone yeah, I'm good. I find the dress. I really like it really! Oh yeah! Let me ask you I. I can't wait to see it, but let me ask you one of the most important questions: how much how much this is uh. So you expect she's gonna say like two thousand three thousand right like and obviously you know things are tight. You can't afford that man right so 318.. We tag with everything 300 for a wedding dress with our budget. What do you expect her to wear? It's so cheap for a wedding hundred dollars. Of course it's as cheap, as you can find like I love it, it doesn't come any cheaper. I love that she's, like okay, how much 300 you cannot dress yourself for less money for a wedding and that pause baby. You know our budget's twenty dollars. It's amazing baby, I told you go to the thrift store, go to the dollar store. She calls them from the thrift store. I found one I like it's 50 bucks baby come on you're killing me amazing, but it gets better. It gets better. I really want to just think about it. I mean I [Music] good. I mean we'll just make it work somehow so anyway, let me fast forward. Okay, when they're buying it, so I don't know what to run it as see. Let's try it watch this [ __ ], so they go to buy this 300 dress right, that's way out of their budget, [Music] yep, it's a foreign card and we can't reject them, and then the friend has to pay for it. What do you do? She's, probably so, sick of paying for their [ __ ]? But what do you do? Okay, we'll? Try this all right! Thank you. Hmm, this show gives me a card because that's so david I mean this is you cannot have a more awkward really gonna get our money back I'll get up with david. You will not get a penny back. I guarantee it there we go. Thank you so much. Okay, I'm so embarrassed and cannot pay for the dress. Man. Let's show us something: dude, oh yeah yeah. How was that? How did you guys feel you feel that out there it's pretty yikes, it's pretty yikes guys by the way, give us a ring anytime. Oh, we have calls anything interesting here: uh pizza guy! Well, these, I guess, is old news. Stuff, 808 hot meme give us a ring um what else? Okay! So finally guys- and I don't want to stay on this for too long- because we do have many other things to talk about- but he later on visits with his sister after being on the verge of being kicked out, and he oh, it's so amazing you guys so much for doing this. I really appreciate it. I hope you like it. I haven't been here in 13 years. Actually it's been a long time. Does she look like him with a wig they're able to come in? They are like identical. I wanted to be there. I really did kids couldn't miss school. I understood that so you've been here for a few months now yeah. How do you like being here so stuff's, hard, they're complaining? On top of that now I have to pay rent for the firehouse, which I was not expecting a thousand dollars a month. How are you paying all this off? I am nance. I ask myself this every day, I'm tremendously worried for both of you. What's the solution, dude, there's nothing saved he's got an idea. What are you gonna do? Well, so that's maybe where I can ask you: oh no jesus. I came all the way down here for you to ask me for money. You hear that this is painful. Wherever you are in life. Whatever's going on man feel good. You are whatever is going on. You've got to be in a better position than this guy. That's true! That's true! [ __ ]! I love them. So there you go 90, so tlc is in summary, the greatest place for entertainment on television. Today they have the most creative and adventure I'd like to know. I'd like to be a fly on the wall during the tlc executive, like office who green lights and red lights shows, you know what I mean because they have the weirdest [ __ ], all their shows are about dwarfs or giants. I don't know what could be too weird for them. Nothing's too weird, but, like I wonder what it is, he's red lighting. You know what I mean. That's a good question. I really liked reality. I want to know I want a reality. Show about the tlc executive who green lights shows. You know, um the tlc executive today starring the tlc executive women who are attracted to horses. I married a mayor tonight. Little people grave diggers. It's about people that make little people coffins not that weird they gotta be in love with the cops. I don't know how to pitch something to her in love with the coffin people. Little people that, like having sex in little people, coffins big wife little man. It's about women that are over seven feet tall with men under five feet, tall pretty close and they use their head as a dildo. They got a show called my giant wife, my giant wife, dude tlc is you need to be watching tlc all day of the week by the way this is just for my. I love watching this picture of shaq and his girlfriend. They can make it they could be in a tlc show together that looks photoshopped. I said it for real. I mean I think it's real dude look up for. I was, I know I mean I've seen shaq in person he's enormous so like it makes sense, but it's so absurd. It looks funny. I know I know I looked at so many. I don't think it's photoshop. I really didn't want to get got in this, but if I was a tlc executive, I'd greenlight this show I mean I, you know what I'm thinking right. How is he alive? I mean his dick is probably the size of her whole [, __ ] leg. I mean how does how do they have sex? I mean just I mean, frankly speaking, his foot is the size of her whole body. Look at it look at the size of his face. I think it is real. It's real! That's what I'm thinking I did my due diligence. His foot. His foot is the size of her whole body. She gives birth every time they have sex. What his dick is like that big compared to her body right, I mean she's the size of his pants, no more giving birth. Joe look at the size of his pants she's the size of his pants of his shorts. I can't get enough of this photo man. Can you um show? Underneath there is another window? Oh you should got another vantage point of it. Yeah look at these guys. I mean that looks real. I'm telling you scale's about the same yeah yeah she doesn't even have to like all right. Am I getting too graphic? Maybe here here's a good this one's photoshopped. I think this is so confusing because my oh, I can't turn your screen off all right. Well, when we come back um, we got a lot to talk about. We've got kanye west is in uganda. We've got uh the shane finale to talk about. We've got questions from our fans, who we love, and so much more here in the gazebo zone. Do not go away. Listen, what's left to say about this vibrating tube. Okay. Now, when I say vibrating tube, obviously I'm downplaying the significance that this is one of the greatest human advancements in the last two to three thousand years, yes, more advanced than fire or anything nasa has ever achieved. This is the quip electric toothbrush. This toothbrush is everything I've ever wanted in toothbrush. First of all, it vibrates superior brush. Second of all, it tells you when to switch quadrants, so it you know how to get that perfect, two-minute brush that dentists recommend. Third, the bristles are soft and heavenly. You don't have to be paranoid. These are going to damage your gums or teeth it's strong, but soft and supple and best of all my dudes quip. Electric toothbrush starts at 25 freaking dollars a comparable toothbrush or electric fish. How much is that gonna run you two 300 bucks and it's like a huge brick. It's like a hole: it's like a car battery give me a break, throw that [ __ ] out it's time to get equip electric toothbrush and improve your game, guys! That's what's up! Also they send you refill packs this thing, pops off the top. You put that on you're good to go. It's quick electric toothbrush! Okay, get your first refill pack for 20 quip starts at 25, go to get equipped, dot com, slash! H3! Right! Now you get your first refill pack free with equip electric toothbrush guys. Your first refill pack is free, go to g-e-t, q-u-I-p dot com, slash h3, my doggies god bless stitch fix, is an online personal styling service that finds and delivers clothes shoes accessories that fit your body budget and lifestyle just go to stitchfix.com h3 tell them your size. What styles you like and how much you want to spend on each item, you'll be paired with your very own personal stylist. You will hand pick items to send right to your door. Then you try them on pay. Only for what you love and return the rest for pizza's sake. Shipping exchanges and returns are always free. There's no subscription required. You can sign up to receive schedule, shipments or get your fix whenever you want. The styling fee is only 20 bucks which is applied towards anything you keep from your shipment. So basically it's free. If you keep something guys get started now at stitchfix.com, h3 and you'll get an extra 25 off. When you keep all the items in your box, that's stitchfix.com h3 to get started today. Stitchvix.Com select, h3 dollar shave clubs got it all to look and feel and smell your very gosh darn best. In fact, I love and you're going to love. You don't have to go to the dang store and shop for racers are so expensive at the store you and you have to go to the store and talk to some 12 year old about what rate you have to have a 12 year old, come unlock a case. They keep razors behind cases. No more dollar shave club says no more okay, they deliver everything. You need right to your door. They keep me fully stocked on what I want and you don't run out. That's the beauty of it. They got everything. Okay for your hair, your skin, your face, you name, it they've got it and they got a new program where they automatically keep you stocked up on the products that you use. You determine what you want and when you want it- and it shows up right at your door for once a month to every six months baby, they got you covered and you never have to have another 12 year old, unlock a glass case again, so you can get razors. Also they've got shampoo, oh you can have them automatically send shampoo guys they got the whole freaking package covered. Do you shampoo, your pubes guys? I do because you want to keep it luxurious and nice um, so the pube shampoo, I believe, they're marketing it as pube and hair shampoo, guys it's perfectly balanced, not dry, not greasy. You pube your shampoos and you're [, __ ] good to go my dudes, it's uh, plus you get their handsome discount. The more you buy, the more you save so guys. Right now you can shampoo your pubes today, they've got a bunch of starter sets. You can try for just five bucks, like the shower starter set, which includes the shampoo after that the restock box ships regular sized products at a regular price. So what are you waiting for? Get your starter set for just five dollars today at dollarshaveclub.comh3, that's dollarshaveclub.com h3 get shampooing your pubes today, my dudes welcome back to the gazebo zone, my good friends, thanks for coming um, you know I talked about lacroix in a previous episode and uh how the chemicals in it were safe for consumption but um. The truth is that uh, I don't know how to set this up. I got this bit planned because I've been working on my alex jones impression, but it felt really corny. Let me just do this. Okay, I got alex jones bit. I've been working on an impression and we got this funny little thing, so I'm just going to do it. Okay, so here's ethan jones go ahead ian. So here we got this green screen and ian is going to hold that right up there now last week, ethan klein a liberal jew out and spent too much time in los angeles talking about lacroix beverages. Now there is a chemical in la croix. Okay, now bear with me here that when you drink turns the freaking frogs gay okay, now you could believe ethan climbed the liberal who says lacroix. Why does it sound like final fantasy music? Is this really the song? We picked the one? It's some final fantasy boss, fight, [, __ ]. Now now now, there's a chemical in lacroix, okay, that when you drink it, okay and these liberals out here in california, they're they've been sipping. The the blood of babies for too long. Okay and they've got this interdimensional kind of beings that are zapping their brains and tell them that lacroix is okay. But let me tell you the truth and bear with me here: okay, there is a chemical in lacroix that when you drink your testosterone levels get so low that your penis actually gets sucked up and pokes out of your butthole. Okay. Now the liberals want to take away your masculinity. They want your dick poking backward out of your butthole, because they're cucks, they're, liberals, okay, they're trying to demasculate you but you're, a man. That's why you take infowars supplement, okay and it may make you bleed from your eyes, but at least it gives you a rock hard [ __ ]. Okay. So if you ask me, if you ask me how's my impression falling apart, it's pretty good! Now, if you ask me alex jones, it's a little! It changes. I don't know why I had it so down. If you ask me ethan jones, there's a chemical in this beverage that will take make your dick poke right out of your [ __, ], okay, and so, if you want to know how to get a rock car erection, how you doing back there, how long can you even hold it you doing good ian? Why don't you poke your head out and say hi to us, you doing? Okay! Thank you! Man! Hey god, bless you! Now! If you want a rock hard [, __ ] put the lacroix down. Okay, you little soy boy put down the soy substitute and take info wars, black rhino. It's a supplement. We got it from china. We have ground up black rhino husks, you take. You shoot that in your veins. It is free based via an injection, and let me tell you the last time I injected this. I had to go to the hospital to they had to deflate the blood red. On my dick I [ __ ] for 20 hours, it's [, __ ] awesome. I did believe for my eyes. That is a minor side effect. So that's about it guys we're flying by the thank you, anne we're done. We're finished we're flying by the the what's this phrase: pant seat on our pants seat of your pants. Yes, what does that mean? I don't know what do you think about ethan jones? I like the special effects: yeah we're very the real life effect, reminiscent of the original star wars, very practical, practical effect, very practical um. I hope everyone had really enjoyed that now. Let me tell you about ethan klein, okay. This liberal jew has openly admitted to vo. I don't really like that this music is good. This liberal, jew has openly admitted to voting for hillary clinton who, by the way, has eaten at least 10 babies in the basement of a pizza joint. Okay, that's true! Now, if you are going to pick up a lacroix, you might as well eat a baby because that's what the liberals in hollywood are doing. Have you seen george clooney he's 60 years old and he looks like he's 30 years old. How does he achieve that? Not by jacob mcroy eating babies? That's right! Have you have you ever tried baby foreskin ela? No! Well! That's your problem right there! Okay, because if you want to look like george clooney at the age of 60, you're going to need to inject baby foreskin into your gooch, that's the area between your [ __, ] and vagina. Very specific, okay put down the lacroix. Let's turn to the freaking frogs gay. All right, I'm done! Is anyone watching a few couple? Oh god we're trying stuff! You know you might not think it's funny, but it's under the gazebo, so we're free of criticism here today. Okay kanye now we talk about kanye a lot on the show, because ian specifically is a super fan. He's obsessed with kanye and kanye's, been just it's been all over. The news. Yeah he's been all over the place, so it's hard to pass up the opportunity now. Ian pointed all these things out to me and ian you're gonna have to help me supplement the information that we have here uh now, what's the background on this journal entry ian uh, he showed this to the president of uganda uh last week. This is his to-do list, so he's in uganda recording an album right. That's the best! That's right! That is correct, um! So on his to this is just his to-do list for the 15th now on. This is included, um transform zoos! That's something you'd like to accomplish that out between three and four thousand and we knocked out transform zoos, real quick, start wave runner. Sport make electric drone. This is his list for the week. I love transform, zoo, it's just like that was so 15th. I'm on the 16th baby zeus are different now um. What do you think about this list ian? Do you think this is an accomplishable list, or is he bitten off more than he can chew? Well, actually, it says day: 15 102, I think, which is the amount of days he's been alive. I think what the [ __ ] is this guy on wait: 15 000! No, that's not that! Well, let's divide this. Well, let's divide that it doesn't sound like enough date. I don't think you crush the numbers on the scene. 15 000, divided by 365 you're. Looking at nope he's right, he's, 41 years old, hey, okay, dan! You put. Do you put you so doubt in my mind about ian's, never doubting him when it comes to kanye. Never, never questions! So do you think he's been off more than he can that's what his calendar looks like yeah day, fifteen thousand, and I mean I think, the fourth one down speak to george lucas wife. I think very doable accomplish accomplishment for him. He'll. Definitely smart! That one also invite will smith to record that's very doable. I mean he just invites him. Yeah, transform zoo seems a little more complex than those two though. But what do I know? I'm not kanye west um we've got other things. He he's in uganda, uh working on music, and here he is passing out yeezys to poverty, stricken uganda ugandans. Now the funny thing I had a couple of thoughts about this. First of all, these kids don't know what yeezys are do they are. You gone think that they [ __ ] gotta [Music] is probably like a year's salary. I wonder if some guy, some dudes with machetes, are going to come club them over the head and steal their easies. I immediately just was like just his outfit is so funny and like it's all balanciaga and all this like high super expensive designer codes- and I don't know the whole thing is too funny. I just love that uh kanye's response to like any situation pass out. Yeezys like on talk shows jimmy kimmel came out and yeezys yeah trump. He gave a pair of yeezys uganda yeezy's for everybody ian. Do you think this is a fair piece offering or was yeezy's, not an appropriate gift? Uh? He gave some to the president of uganda too, and he was like thanks for the sneakers, so they don't. They definitely don't know what yeezys are. I don't think I don't know if the kids know right. The president probably said thanks for the sneakers he's like. Why are you giving me shoes he's like thanks for the sneakers you dip? Also those yeezys are so white. That's not going to stay white, not in uganda, yeah. I don't know what that means. I don't know they're just outside they're outside I don't leave the house, I think in uganda, they're outside more. Do I need to apologize, for that? Is that a racist uh? Yes, you know. Is it racist for me to assume that people in uganda are outside more? It's grassy, you know there's dirt. That's my first thought it's dirty bright white. It's dirtier in uganda, there's more dirt. There is that racist. Forgive me do I need to apologize. I apologize to all ugandans it's dirt there. It's dirty there right, yam, no comment um. So that was a joy to behold all these kids [Music], no, but seriously. If there's someone in uganda, that knows the true value of those that you can resilies on ebay for, like 500 bucks, aren't those kids are in danger right, I mean. Am I wrong ian back me up here shaking his head? No, he doesn't think they have. Your back ian does. Is uganda dirtier in general [Laughter] back me up ian I've never been. I don't know all right all the pictures, I'm saying it looks quite beautiful, but I'm just saying ian is complaining. You know I apologize to all the ugandans. I apologize for my ignorance statements. It was actually my statement but you're kind of following me what the [ __ ] wrong with you. It's so backwards, um this one's wild. He built like a whole dome city out in the middle of like uh. Well, why don't you tell me- and you know I don't know what the [ __ ], I'm talking about uh some national park and he rented out get some audio going with that he's having too much fun. Is there any other background you want to share in you just kind of trailed off on he rented out uh? He rented out this entire lodge just for him and his people, and then he built these like these dome things in uh in the middle of the wilderness. Okay, very nice [Music]. That's a really fun way to workshop your music and two. You shouldn't record it because it sounds really stupid because he's workshopping it. You know this right here. [Music] hit him with banana, got him with the hatchet, gave the kids some yeezys and they say it's easy common with machete you get. That is that. Is that what you heard in? Or do you hear genius? It's a process. It's a process right, everyone on the kanye forums. Listening closely like I dare you to say, [, __ ]. We know who you are now [, __, ], some say: yeezy, yeezy, blueberry, others say scooby-doo scoopy, all right stop ethan! That was pretty good. I think you should go to uganda dude. I don't have enough yeezys to pass out yeah teddy fresh they'll. Take anything fresh. Here's some used, sandals they're! All dancing and [ __ ] the same way. It's uganda. I apologize it's uganda, it's [, __ ], it's uganda, I'm just saying I'm not insulting the country of the people, those [ __ ], probably live on like 10 cents a day is that insult is that? Is that wrong? What's the daily salary of a ugandan daily income of a ugand ugandan, I don't think we really need to um here. Let's find out annual income is, oh, my god dude what you got monthly income for a household, a household, that's a whole family is 280 bucks, monthly yeah for a household yikes. That's what I'm saying it's a very poor country, my sandals, my used sandals cost like 30 bucks. Just like play the poop. He was like move on yeah, I'm sorry. It is asking for the poopity scoop kanye out in uganda, which I will deliver to you now. This is from team kanye daly ian! Are you following team kanye daily on twitter yeah I've got him yeah. You got him covered, okay, good. He runs that account. This is fire right. All the animals in the jungle are like yo [Music], he doesn't seem, like he's kidding, he's very serious about the scuba, diving and the whoop diddy's. You know all the junk. This is like all the animals in the surrounding area, because in the middle of awareness, are like fleeing or they're going to [ __ ]. It's like the elephants that, like stampede a village because they're pissed off yeah they're heading for highland, do you get chills when you hear the scene as a fan, you have chills in [Laughter] and you want to break the you want to deconstruct the lyrics yeah I've got goosebumps. Do you think he's just having fun, or is he really trying to workshop something? I think he eats a bit of both yeah he's having a blast he's been on the the scooty poop train for a while? Now this is a recurring theme. I'm a fan of the scoop. Diddy poop, no question about it. Um you've heard a lot about your scooping poop. You know kanye scoops, the poop. That was insane now he's a front wiper. Now we know for sure. Kanye is a fan of this show because one, the purple hat and two his biggest hit of the year poop scoop scoop the poop, okay, um I've, I'm a fan of these creepy ass robots and there's a lot more that came out. I want to show you guys um. This is called the matt haas robot aka, the parkour, robot boston dynamics. These [ __ ] we're going to look back in 20 years. We should have stopped them when we had the chance. You know like oh everyone's laughing and it's trending on youtube busting dynamics. We should have stopped them. Look at this robot, not even matt haas cut out parkour. This see ya. Hey, looks like a. It looks like it's uh, a computer, rendering because he leaps so effortlessly. This robot is jumping up blocks. I hate it. This robot is gonna. Are you kidding me? What chance do we have against these parkouring robots? Are you [, __ ] kidding me right now like stop them now. You know what I'm saying it can be used for good. You know what good is a parkouring robot except they chase you down. You know that's a good question. Actually the next video will show you what good. Oh. This is the good okay, yo elo's corrected me. This is the good you know they're just trying to make it cute, but this thing is [ __, ] deadly, he's dancing. Okay, it's what it does over your corpse yeah right. Exactly he's dodging bullets right now, moonwalking, I don't like it. Lasers are zipping back. I don't like it yet that's it! We should have stopped them. When we had the chance four million viewers, everybody loves everyone's having a good time. We should have intervened now, [Music]. You know what I'm saying the robot dance, it's so funny. No, this was our chance, you know and terminator they sent terminator and back in time to stop the inevitable before it happened. That's us now, okay, don't I'm afraid someone's actually going to go. Do something I'm joking! For christ's sake, I'm scared though, and we must intervene, give them yeezys that'll, chill them out um what else? Now speaking of gazebos these guys? Okay, so a lot of comments. Let's, let's go back to our new video. Okay, our new video was about the tlc catfish and this whole thing about gazebos and stuff, and the host of that show was um god, what's his full name. I know his name is elliot, but I don't remember it. Morgan, elliott, morgan um. I had met him once on the set of smosh. I did a game show with him on smosh and I realized only about halfway through recording because he looks super different. Like now he's got a beard like I was there too, and I met him too, but I didn't realize right. It was him, but then um yeah, whatever you guys get it, but he he uh. It looked like him, but I didn't believe it was the same person yeah and um, but then you pointed it out. I was like. Doesn't it look like elliot? This is halfway through recording, already started the video and she's like no way yeah and I was like yeah you're right, there's no way, but it looks so much like him, it's kind of uncanny and then I look up the credits of the show and sure enough. It's elliot now, a lot of people are like. Why didn't you mention? Well, I didn't want to. I didn't want to. I didn't. I wasn't trying to personally attack the guy yeah. I thought it was best to not mention him by name or even to acknowledge it, because I didn't, I didn't want to give the guy [ __ ]. I don't want to [ __ ] him up. You know just making fun of the show and kind of the persona he was playing yeah. You know it's probably not his show. You know. So it's not really like yeah his project yeah. I hope not and I'm just I'm not trying to go after people personally, I'm just that's not I'm just not trying to do that, and so we were trying to think like how do we uh? How do we address at this? That we've actually met this guy, and I thought you know what? Let's just not even mention this guy, I don't I'm not trying to [ __ ] this guy's life up mm-hmm, but um. They fired back actually really funny video and I appreciate them so much because this is how you embrace the meme super funny guy the valley folk is, I guess, a sketch comedy troop. Could you say, could you could you uh describe the former source fed people? Oh, it's all the source fed guys, okay, so the valley, the valley folks, so they made a sketch in response to the gazebos. So I thought we could enjoy it here today in honor of them embracing the meme shout out to elliot morgan, god bless him yeah. Did you see the h3h3 totally roasted tlc show here? Let me turn it upside down. No, what then, again, I haven't really done that. Don't you start over again because I talked about. I haven't really watched youtube in like 15 years. That sounds pretty good hello. I am a 14 year old girl and I like looking at frog steve. Did you see ethan make fun of elliot for doing that? Really bad catfish show yeah. I did joe that's why I'm in here I'm hiding from residual embarrassment, jokes aside, dude what kind of [ __ ] [ __ ] goes on a catfish show when I own a company I, like ariana grande and coffee dear google, do actions have consequences, or can I get away with it elliot elliot? What's up, did you see that ethan from h3h3 roasted your ass on national internet? Well, no, I didn't joe, you haven't seen it. I don't know. If I want to oh man, okay um get ready. I think he was probably when he saw that I made a video about it. He was probably like, like oh [, __ ]. Here we go, but I I didn't want him to watch it and feel bad. That was my. So I hope he didn't. Based on the response. I mean they took it and uh and I think they definitely made the best of it. I mean the video did really good. They made a really funny video response to it yeah. So there you go and then also feel the cold tide of professional shame wash over your body, okay, joe. Well. Here's the thing uh mean internet comments are just manifestations of truths. I keep buried deep within for fear of confronting them head-on. Look you don't need to act like you're, a predator, you have a zip, he looks so much different. Yeah he's all shaved. He looks like so young like a sweet. They they styled him to be like this sweet young christian boy, yeah. They tried to dress style him. So they're like this guy could never be considered to be a predator he's too sweet and good and too good of a good christian old boy. You know bearded elliot, on the other hand, definitely could never have hosted that show. I'm kidding, I'm kidding turn your arm. Can I mention the most effed up. Part of this is that they're having her meet him at a gazebo? This guy is [ __, ] good, it's pretty fun. What it's pretty pretty funny yeah. It was. How are you gonna respond, probably very stoically, joe and uh, with a dry sense of humor, something that conveys authenticity but is also brand appropriate. Most of all, most importantly tantamount. I will not embarrass myself [Music], very reminiscent of gamer guns, okay, so I googled what's the best way to respond to internet ridicule, and this is what I found oh revenge. Yeah I mean I don't want to get political, but it's an option. So, oh yeah guess what sometimes looks like you kind of have a double chance. Maybe work on that got him yeah yeah yeah anyway, you guys get it go! Watch the whole. You guys should go watch it. It is really funny yeah. These guys are great, very charming, very uh, very, very good, very nice, the valley folk. So shout out to these super troopers out there. May I may they join us under the gazebo here today and all hold hands delightfully under the gazebo. So shout out to all those guys very, very sweet, um, no elliott's sweetheart. I mean I only met him that one time very sweet, very nice guy, very happy to share the stage with the guy, um and uh. I wish him all the very very best and uh I do. I have some questions for him. I wouldn't. Maybe we should have him a call, because one I'm curious was that his clothes or did they make him wear that shirt with the zipper on it. Two I'm wondering how much was staged, I'm afraid to ask, though, because I I don't I'm afraid to find out it was all fake. I don't. I almost don't want to know that. I don't know if you can't even tell you that's serious and there's probably an nda tlc doesn't [ __ ] around um, maybe but again, this goes back to the thing. I don't think that that little girl in those parents can be that good of actors to convincingly act that you know what I mean well, the parents were okay. I think that the girl would convince me that it's real if she was acting she's got a bright future. You know yeah, but then that's also what I wonder is like if they're that good and they're trying to be actors, why don't we see these people in other pla things? You don't yeah conclusion tlc is real shout out to uh the valley folk out. There god bless uh, here's a great one! How's everyone doing today, let me check the calls anyone here grandmother passed away, wanted to. Thank you. Thank you. I mean hey thanks. That's the note, appreciate uh pizza guy. How do there's this just trying to figure out how to do these calls he's an air force high ranking officer. We've got a general on the line, wanted to ask about possible future guests for the show. Okay. Well, thanks to everyone for holding. I think that I will not take any calls. Sorry um, should I take this pizza guy. He says had a similar experience as the pizza guy. How interesting can that be not sure move on dead air? I think we need to give people instructions of what kind of calls do you want yeah. I want them to be more topical. You know like we were talking about the creepy robot that has a parkour robot ever chased you down and murdered your family, because that happens every day or someone who's got a question about kanye or something you know, or some comment like that. You know to expand on the conversation where we're having you know: um yeah we're working on it now. Do you guys want to watch this? What's this little twist here? For you, this is a great one. Yeah I checked my internet. I follow his speeches. He knows what he's talking about he's these other. These other guys are simpletons by comparison uh. I gotta love this [ __ ] guy. Everyone collapsed still like yep. This dude you mentioned being able to play just take a [, __, ] nap um, what it's not even on autoplay um yeah. I love that. I love trump he's good. You know he's really well read anyway: hal hitler yep. He says it's so fast that you don't even understand what you think they didn't process it. Yeah he's like listen, trump's, great I've read his book. He's super intelligent. I love his politics. I think he's great for the country anyway, hitler. I love, you gotta end any point you make with that from now on, anyway: hal hitler, but the audience everyone in the audience is rocking. It watch this guy in the red takes a bite of his camera. [Applause] dude takes a bite of a sandwich on the hal hitler watch, this [ __ ] [Applause] yeah. That's such a weird one. I uh, I'm a huge fan of uh of trump's platform. He's got a lot of smart things about immigration, he's bringing jobs back. You know his tariffs, I think, are good for america. Big fan, love america. God bless everyone and uh hi hitler love your passion, love your enthusiasm, it's so anti it's! So you cannot be an american and a nazi. They are water and oil. Okay, you cannot throw a heil hitler in america. You just can't do it. I don't think it works in any country. It works in some countries, but I'm just saying that america's not out in the public. Like that, that's a fair! You know! That's a fair point! You make a fair point. You make a fair point: heil hitler. You forgot to howl hitler at the end. Um read his book. Huge fan he's a real intellectual health. Hitler he's you're endorsing trump, not hitler. Why does hitler get all this praise? He's [ __ ] gone, you know, you're talking about trump um. He likes hitler. He likes hitler as well as trump fascinating, stuff, um fat. Oh, this one is, was really bad for me. Fat. You guys know what a fat burger is you're like. Unfortunately, I do so. We've had an ongoing debate about baby wipes here on the show, and I love baby wipes, I'm a huge proponent of baby webs, but unfortunately, this kind of started seeping into my reality. That flushable is misleading. Yeah extremely learned this here on during the podcast. It's been a hard truth to swallow. Um a lot of people were like hey ethan. I want you to know those aren't actually flushable and I'm like yeah I eat. I was like suck my tiny jewish dick and I have stopped flashing them, but you didn't well. I think that let me give you an anecdote. I mean this morning I went white wet and there's a lot of [ __ ] on it, because you gotta do more dry then, and then it seemed fine. What's gonna be fine like it seemed ready to go, but it wasn't, but it seems like when you go wet. It's probably generally. You know less. What's going on with this mic, god damn it's like all over the place, um jesus when you wipe when you go wet, I have a feeling it's nicer, maybe, but when I go wet it's [ __ ] wild. When you don't want that, you know what we're gonna see, but you don't want a [ __ ] covered, wet wipe of mine in the trash. Can you have your own trash? Can I'm telling you you'll smell it? I don't think so. We have separate bathrooms um, but uh. So apparently there's a phenomenon of people flushing, what wet wipes of raw sewage, flushable, quote-unquote, flushable, wipes and hair. Turning into such a huge cluster of of [ __ ] that it's actually clogging huge city, main pipelines, so the danger is actually not to your home pipes, but the danger is to the city pipes. Everyone, yes and the city is spending millions of dollars to take out these proverbial fat. Burgs they're called that I'll share with you here today, but I don't know I mean um um chris chris had the perfect rebuttal to when I was like. You know some people flush, the baby wipes and he said uh, there's [ __ ] on him and I was like yeah there's [ __ ] on them. Why don't you just take a [ __ ] in the trash can well? Why don't you open it up and the show people are favoring the moment here, developing I'm developing here, so the charleston water. These guys have been on a tear lately. This is the charleston water system. These guys are killing it on twitter, verified and everything. Um they've been doing psas about these [ __ ] fatbergs. So here you go. Divers swim these now that's a hero forget about a mascot and a burrito. Getting punched! That's not courage! That's not a hero! A hero is a diver. Well, maybe it is, but I'm not gonna quantify courage, but divers swim through 90 feet of raw sewage to unclog giant hairy fatberg. Can you [ __ ]? Imagine you're diving through raw sewage. Damn I can't see this, you see that, like that looks like something from a scary movie like an like a monster, it does look like a it kind of looks like my profile: nose, mouth chin hair. So this is just [, __ ]. I find it interesting that sewage turns black, because [ __ ] is brown. Obviously, as we all know, kind of interesting, you want to take a bite of that. Would you take a bite of that? How much should take a bite of that? You can barely look at it just on the computer. It's spaghetti. It's marinated spaghetti anyway, yeah, it's awful! It is awful. So I stand corrected on the issue of flushable baby wipes and by the way I find it pretty whack that they can advertise it as flushable when it's clearly uh completely, not flushable yeah, like literally not flushable. How is that legal? I mean I, I find it to really be the fault of these manufacturers that they're able to get away with this deceptive marketing, because when I buy flushable wipe, there's a whole market for flushable wipes, I'm assuming that this is somehow a valid statement. You know it's crazy. I can't believe it. I don't know. I find that to be some kind of false advertising. Um, there's, there's so much more fat, burgs, they're called, which is a great lovely name. Um hope you guys are hungry. Look at this is the brave [ __ ] that goes and dives in raw sewage. I wonder what those guys get paid man that picture um move right, like that's a hole. It looks like look at this crazy [, __, ] he's not even wearing protection. His sleeves are out he's posing with the fatberg. His arms are exposed. His face is exposed. That's courage, it's pretty dude! That guy is so yeah. This is like a crazy operation. Man look at it. Look at all the work they do, they says: do you use flushable wipes in your home turns out they're, not so flushable. After all, in fact, they just caused a major city-wide uh water pump, clog in charleston, charleston water says it's becoming a huge issue for them too. We break it down tonight. Oh wow, there's a whole investigation going on. So what are you going to do about it? I think I'm going to get some bidets. I think I'm going to get bidets installed. I really like these totos. These are these crazy ones. We tried it when we were in montreal, but I had diarrhea. So my I don't know. If I talked about this, I had like really crazy diarrhea, and so my [ __ ] was super sore from wiping so vigorously, and so, when I shot the water, my [ __ ] would hurt, because I had like open wounds, so I didn't get to enjoy it that much and then when I, because it's like a communal, uh toilet, it has a fan setting. So it's um. Oh, it has a dryer. First of all, it has a fan. So when you sit on it, it sucks in the air it sucks the [ __ ] smell out of the air. What I swear to I swear to you right now, and but the weird thing is so: it sprays your [, __ ] and then the problem that I had with it. Frankly speaking because everyone talks about these bidets, like they're, you know heaven sent, and this is a this- is what I feared what happened, but water dripped down my balls, shitty water was dripping down my balls for for [, __ ] sake. Hmm, probably need to learn how to use it. You know how do I avoid water shooting down? My balls gonna take some learning, okay, I'm willing to learn, but the weird one for me, because this is in a hotel. So this has had a lot of people [, __ ] in it um the seat was warm love that the seat comes up. When you approach it love that, but then they have a dryer setting, because they know that your balls are all wet and your [ __, ] and everything's all wet and then the dryer smelled like it was blowing shitty air. In my face that sounds gross and like not. Why did you have your face in the toilet bowl? I didn't damn it smelled like I needed a. I needed some fresh squirt water on my face, um just a little pick me up, but the so it wasn't like my [ __ ] smell though it was like the [ __ ] smell of, like thousands before me. Oh yeah, it's in the hotel, so it's blowing like shitty air, like fatberg air gross yeah, so that I had a problem with, but but I think I'm gonna go the bidet route I feel like we are responsible, probably for telling a lot of people to use baby wipes bro with the amount of baby wipes. I flush, I'm personally responsible for destroying the septic scissors of all of israel and los angeles and new york. So I literally take it back and say that I do not use them anymore. Removing the endorsement of flushable, so-called flushable baby wipes, yeah and um. I'm gonna. I think I'm gonna go the bidet rope, the toe toes gotta! Try it I mean even the thing I always I love this thought, the king of england. How did he wipe his ass? You know what I'm saying like back in the day when the king was like god and he's got like literally gold woven dresses that he like lifts up and shits. Does someone wipe his ass? You know what I mean. No, I don't think so. You think that king gods gods, what do you think the queen does of england? Well, no she's more modern, she's, more modern. She has a toto. No, but I'm talk. This is pre-toto. This is pre-modernity. This is god's spokesman. This is the cl. This is god, basically the king of england. You think he wipes his own ass, we're all human. After all, not king george, I bet you he had peasants like. I bet you he laid on his back and some servant. [ __ ] cleaned his [ __ ] off. I don't think so. I bet you there's a history historian who knows hold on hold on hold on I'm going to [ __ ], google searches. Did king george wipe his own just drop the link. It's got a nice little illustration in there too, although I'm not talking specifically about the king of england here, why did medieval kings have servants to wipe their butt for them? Couldn't they just do it themselves? Why does this guy act like he knows her top answer is what makes you think they dig? Can you give me a source on this? I've never heard of it. Oh man, this is the this is the kind of history that we need to learn about dan. What did you draw me here at all times? Had it now see? Oh god, this illustration is hilarious. That was mostly what I said. Is this safe to show it's a drawing yeah. I guess so look at this [ __ ], but this is not the king of england. Do you understand? Look at her! That's a fine upperclass woman, though that's is she peeing in a bowl? I think so yeah! That's how you did it god. It's come a long way. I love how on one hand they're like so over the top with how they dress and behave and then, on the other hand, she's peeing in a bowl. You know what I mean. I have a feeling. The king george of of england, at the height of his power, didn't wipe his own ass. Sorry, mediaville! Can't! Okay, here you go, there's actually uh um, I'm I'm reading uh. This is important. Guys bear with me all right. I'm closing this! I'm out somebody back there see if you can find an answer to that, because this is important. Shane, the shane jake paul series has come to a finale, it's finally over it's. Finally, over the final episode was posted at almost two hours- long, oh, my god. It was two hours long, there's two moments that I really want to share with you guys: they're short they're sweet, I'm not gonna get into the whole thing, but I guarantee you're gonna love this so um. Let's pull this clip up so this one alyssa violet who's, jake, paul's ex-girlfriend. She slept with logan paul um and she begged him. Please we made a mistake. Don't tell anybody that we slept together. Logan's response was the best. Let's hear it, we just went to a club like we normally would do and just hung out and then drank, and it was just a bad decision on both of our parts we texted after and we were like. I was like please don't ever like tell jake. I don't ever want this to get out like it was so stupid. He was like listen like I'm savage maverick, oh [, __ ]. That's all! I love that she's like please, don't tell anyone. He said, listen, I'm a savage, I'm a maverick, and then he made like a whole diss track about it and stuff. She was in it by the way. So I don't know what yeah. I really don't know. What's what with this [ __ ], I I tell you what the new the new video has over 10 million views and it's two effin hours, long, my god, nuts. Somehow he tricked people in the wat like it used to be. Everyone was like I'm so sick of jake, paul right and somehow shane has found a way to trick people into watching 150 million views into jake, paul, it's brilliant um. So there you go, I'm a maverick and then second of all, this one of greg paul trying to crowd surf greg paul is the biggest [ __ ] douche on the planet. That's what I've determined if anything from this dude. Just don't do it you're a god, and these are kids like you're being carried by kids man. They can't bear the load watch this. He slowly sinks in there conduct 12 year old, my dude don't jump on kids. The way he just sleeps, but I'm a kid. I gotta watch that again it's like dude, don't just say you know what not for me, I'm 50 years old, just so young in a spirit, yeah he's got a tight eyeshadow age is nothing, but a number yeah comes florida kelly said: come on baby aj ain't, nothing, but a number didn't r kelly write that for like his 15 year old girlfriend, oh yeah, yeah, that's love, damn! That's crazy or kelly. [ __ ], that's crazy! Yep people used to get away with [ __ ] they don't get away with now like can you imagine apparently having a cult, so people do get away with stuff still, but can you imagine a pop star being like agent, nothing but a number baby to his 15 year old girlfriend? It's kind of what greg paul does. Allegedly, allegedly you know what I'm going to hit you with the slow motion, because I want to see this play-by-play, I gotta savor this moment. This is the end of the documentary guys. This is the best part. The guy thinks he's like a rock star man. There's a bunch of 12 year olds. Trying to carry your fat ass, see yeah like a bag of dirt. There's some poor kids under him. Getting squashed! That's that is nightmarish by the way. Let me turn down the music [Music] yeah, but bill anyway, um so out of the two-hour documentary that is pretty much [ __ ]. It's like eight hours total something like that. Seven hours guys. If you have questions comments, suggestions, videos, something you want to talk about or watch email us at podcast h3h3productions.com today, our first question comes from nada: hey there on a podcast, not that long ago you mentioned when your old video shake that dick and quickly shove the topic away and embarrassment. You've even removed the video from the channel, which further perpetuates the idea that you are ashamed, but I believe that it was one of the funniest things you've ever made. So I think you should react to it and tell us how you came about making it and how you convinced eight people to cheer you on, as you shook your dick for youtube have a blessed day. Well, you haven't thank you for that yeah! It's embarrassing. I mean it's like my dick. Like you see my dick, it's like the whole outline. It's everything it's very embarrassing. I feel like. Maybe it's a good suggestion. Maybe we should make a video yeah if any like an h3 video, because that is the one video that my dad started. There's a good story behind it. I got this zoned yeah. I got disowned for that video. That was the last video I shared on my facebook page this, the lore behind that video is pretty good. I think, if anything we can make a good h3 video yeah, but like is it am I is it appropriate? Can we show that footage? Because it's like the outline of my dick underpants yeah, you think that's fine. I mean you, don't actually see. No, you don't see my dick yeah. If you know, because you can see like titties under like you, could see like a tit outline under a shirt and that's fine. That was the whole joke right, where's, the dick you get, the titties you get the ass where's, the dick I'll think about it, nada, but um. How did we convince those people on the street that those were real people sitting on the street and we were just like hey? Do you guys mind getting a little like excited for us for the video I think he's talking about the party at the end? Oh, I thought it stopped the old dude best actor ever we'll save it we'll talk about it. I think there's enough lore behind that to make it interesting. This one comes from marv, hey guys, so those people were my friends. They were well aware with our antics by then um marv, hey guys, I'm ashamed to admit it, but I'm one of those people that eat boogers. It's been a habit of mine for as long as I can think I'll eat, boogers, probably once or twice a day less. If I'm a lot of people and more if I'm alone and bored, I got good at hiding it from people he's like an alcoholic. I hide my alcohol around the house. I wonder if he I wonder if he'll put a booger under the table and then when people leave, he takes it off and eats just don't give him ideas. Why I'm trying to help the guy with the hobby? I got good at hiding it from people even for my girlfriend of five years, jesus as she never knew. As far as I know, even though I know it is disgusting, I don't feel disgusted it's weird and I'm more uh, I'm more disgusted with myself that I keep doing it. It's an urge that is hard to suppress, but I feel like at least I do it less than I used to. I try to use other methods of disposing of boogers if they are available and convenient, but I'm a bit more. It sounds like dude. This is intense um, I'm a bit more hesitant to do it. If I know I breathe through some weird chemicals or dust with my nose since I believe boogers are there to catch particles to prevent it from getting in your lungs, but sometimes I'll still even do it then there's not much of a taste to a booger. If I'm being honest, or at least not that I can describe, there are different textures, though mainly how hard and soft they are, and some are more juicy you're, probably sick and disgusted now, but as I am there, you go, there's not much more to it. Thank you. Keep it up proud of you marv! Well, first of all, mar I applaud you for your brave your bravery and your honesty and sharing this anecdote, because it's important to know that they are out there and it's important and it's nice to get in your mind and kind of see. I love some of the little details of like. Sometimes if I'm around chemicals I'll not eat my boogers, but sometimes I'll still eat them. You know or like I'll hide it from my girlfriend, but I [ __ ] eat buggers, that's gnarly, dude! Well, actually, um, I'm not gonna! Shame my booger eating. You know friends and family members out there or whoever you know I smell I'll fart on my hand and smell it. So you have never do it. You have never farted on your hand and smelled it. You always say it as a joke. Do you actually do it? I have done it. I mean I don't it's not something I regularly do, but I've done it. Okay, do you have not farted on your hand and smelled it all right. Has anyone backed their fart on their hand and smelled it? No dan shut up, don't [! __ ] say it like that, because it's because it smells dank bro and I know you farted on your hand and smell it and we'll never. He ran to the bathroom, of course, he's doing it right now. Zach moses, of course, thank you zach, the one, honest guy. Of course, how can you not thank you zack your honesty, you're fresh of breath, [ __ ]. I don't believe that chico have you farted on your hand and smelled. It he's he's on a call. Okay, you don't believe zach. Why would not lie about that? I don't know doc. Are you being truthful? I I swear to god. I believe him. This is a phenomenon. I don't believe you frankly, I didn't I don't I don't get. Why would you need to do it? That's the what's the motivation yeah because you want but you're gonna sell it anyway. No, it's right! It's stronger! It's a stronger smoke. I don't factor in it too. I haven't done it in a while, but to sit here and tell me you've. Never butter, cupped yourself, yeah, [, __, ] outrage in a lie. You fart and you buttercup. It never done it, I don't buy it and what else have you lied to me about um about this guy who eats his boogers? Incidentally, uh serendipitously? I saw this article that eating buggers may boost immunity, so there is a biological explanation for all you. People who are shoveling boogers into your mouth eating burgers may boost immunity. Scientists suspect I'm not going to bother to read it, but you get that yeah here. Look at this little bugger picker, I mean all. That means is that they're full of germs and you're just eating germs, right, yeah cool, exactly dan, so eat your buggers, it's good for you from ben hello, ethan and eel. I was listening to podcast 88 and you all brought up the idea of enjoying the act of smelling your own farts. I would like to weigh in on this debate and let you know that I'm with ethan on this one. I was against him on his wiping technique, but this is some common ground. Thank you. I'm glad we found some common ground. Then I, like, I think the liking smelling. I liking your own. Fart is a biological thing, because animals naturally try to smell their own territory, so your own bodily smells will smell better you than they would of someone else's because it indicates it's not their territory. I think that enjoying your farce is totally normal and human nature. I would even go as far as to say that most of us, hot box, our cars with farts and secretly, enjoy it. I don't he goes on to say you are my favorite content creators on youtube and papa blast. Thank you. So thank you, ben for corroborating. What I've always said is that ela is a liar prolific liar. In fact, um is chico still on the phone yeah kid does he can you ask him just I want to know if he's farts on his hand and smells it, do you think he does? Do you fart, on your own hand and smell it ethan wants to know. Never ever he says shaking his head because they're lying he's a reasonable person. Give me a break. I think it's a 50, 50 kind of thing. I think it's a front. I think it's a should we say. That's a lie: should we say: do you like the smell of your own farts or no you tolerate the smell of your own fart? No, I still think it smells like farts. It's not see I'm willing to go as far as to say that that my own farts don't smell as bad to me as they probably do to other people I'll go that far when you fart it bothers you, the smell of your own fart, no I'll agree with what dan said: it's not as gross. So it's taller. So it's tolerable to you, it's horrible, but that doesn't mean I go out of my way to [ __ ], scoop it up if you're sitting and watching tv and you rip a fat one, you're not gonna, get up and leave the room, no you'll bask in it, but I'm not gonna enjoy it you're, not gonna, breathe. Deep or anything. Do you hold your nose? Do you avoid breathing? No, you don't go out of your way to avoid it. No so you breathe it yeah, and do you not think about the smell at all? Do you like think like? Oh, that was a [ __ ] that was a pretty gnarly one or that one wasn't that bad. No, I do think okay, so you're analyzing, you're smelling it. You are smelling your own, enjoy it, though all right. So what are the the options? Are you don't like your own part at all, you can't tolerate it. No, no! No, let's just say no, have you ever farted on your hand and smelled it? Yes or no, that's the one all right and your whole life. I mean you know as a kid. Your whole life have you ever once in your life now or ever before, just yes or no all right and I'm setting it to run through the weekend, so we can get a nice sample size. Well, you update us now, I'm not waiting till monday. All right pulls up everybody. Let's go finally from alfredo alfredo. How could you never betray the family? Hey, ethan, yell, first of all, great to see you guys doing better recently hope you guys keep up the great momentum, but now enough of the funny business. Well, I don't think that was very funny at all. This is serious, [ __ ] a year ago, I being a lazy ass, thick boy chose to sit down and pee in my toilet. Since then it's been my preferred method of urination recently I saw messi come forward and mention that he does it as well. This gave me the courage to mention this. Among my friends. They all ridiculed me and made me even question my decision. This is a guy related question. I'll leave it to us guys, sorry elo um. Is it weird to pee sitting down? Well again, I'm not! I don't want to shame my fellow my fellow boys here. If you eat your boogers, if you pee sitting down that's a kind of a beautiful testament to how diverse we as human beings really are some of us far on their own hands and smell it, which is, as I understand it, very normal and courteous. Let me check on that um. I don't think it's weird at all. I know a lot of guys that pee sitting down personally, I don't like it, because I feel that I can't squeeze out as much liquid as when I'm standing up because a lot of times, if I'm taking a [ __ ], what do you see? He looks shocked what the [ __ ]. Do you see? What do you see? 55, yes, [Laughter] it's early, it's early. We need more 733 votes, it's not enough. It's not a big enough sample size, not a big enough sample size. No! Yes, it is. You said 700 that will change. Maybe it's fluctuating really fast nah. Well, that will change five percent at most from now in either direction. That's what I'm telling you ela! Oh it went down. It went down. This is why I gave it three days we need. We need thousands of responses, we're dreaming in a cloud of fart. You guys are the weird one. I would never you guys are the weird ones when you scratch your balls. Do you smell your hand? Oh yeah, of course. No. Why why? Why would you? Because it's the same thing you want to know? What's going on there, what am I crazy? How smelly are your balls? It's not really. I don't think mine really has a scent, there's nothing to smell, sometimes there's a little babaganoush smell man or not your balls, but like your region like you're, [, __ ], the region you're, especially shampoo, cubes zach. Do you smell your hand after you scratch? You know he does. Let me guess this dude! No, because zach's, not a [, __ ] liar he's not a shame to it. I have no reason to lie about it: yeah you're, all lying [Laughter]. You love your man musk! That's what it is. Thank you zack. Although man musk is not a phrase particularly happy to get behind, but I appreciate what you're saying, but you know like the area between like your thighs, you know yes, that that's what I'm talking about. He loves it. I love it all right this one, it's not over it's just beginning and you make sure that what are we at right now? What's the percentage, it's 54 46.? Oh, it's changing so much give me a break. Listen. What we're doing here is important. We're destigmatizing we are getting out in the open that we are beautiful, diverse creatures, some of us pee sitting down some of us eat our own boogers and some of us far in our hands and smell it. Okay, it can still be gross nope nope. No, it cannot be. I'm just saying we're out there, and maybe we maybe maybe it'd- be nice ela to not feel ashamed of myself all the time you know. Oh, I took a piece of [ __ ] out of the toilet and smelled it big [, __, ], whoop zach. You do that right. Of course. Why? Wouldn't I? I think it's interesting that 55 percent of people down to 53.. I think people are goofing on me. If anything, you guys just be honest on this poll, but either way you said ten percent of so I don't give a [ __ ] what it drops. You just got cobied on this, this this sample too. This is the live audience. We gotta wait for the vod audience to roll in it's cut from a different cloth. How many people have voted now, uh, yeah, you're gonna. Tell me that's not a significant sample size, 1700 people give me a break, you guys are walking, you guys, think you're. So special you don't fart on your hand, smell it so bourgeois yes, us peasants, farting on our hands and smelling it. Oh look at you, eela! That's right! That's right! My name now to people that don't fart on their hand and smell it. I can't do the impression. That's all I've got here today, so I think we covered a lot of ground. I think we learned a lot and um. I want everyone to be very comfortable and ha. Let's take a call for christ. I didn't take a call today. Pizza, guy, vape nation wants to talk about kids vaping. Do you want a boy or a girl has an answer or how does the king wipe his ass? Has an answer? Are you serious about the king taylor? You are on the air. Tell me, do you know about if kings, how kings wipe their ass or are you? Are you [, __ ] with me taylor, taylor? Is it drop? Do you have to unmute or something? Oh? Maybe he's no [Music], no he's live all right. Taylor! God bless. You appreciate you you're the progress, it's worth the shot, you're, the greatest that ever did it um. What else we got is the air it. He is at the air force. Oh yeah, [, __ ], this guy. Oh, these are all terminated. Okay, screening room. I'm trying to understand this. Let's talk to andrew he's, a high-ranking air force official. I don't know what he has to say. Andrew. Are you there? No okay. This is a hit guys. We are killing it today on these calls one eight hundred one 808 hot meme. Let's just get a call uh do you want this? Guy has a similar pizza experience. Vape nation fan talks about kids vaping, or do you want a boy or a girl? I don't know I'm not compelled [Music] um, okay, just move on! No! No! No! No! Let's talk with scotty scotty you're on there. Why isn't this not working? I guess it's not working yeah. It sounds like something is not working. Uh harrison! You are on the air harrison just keep going. This is great yeah. I'm trying yeah know this is amazing. Compelling stuff harrison talk to me. For christ's sake, what the [ __ ] is going on. Well, you sure it's working. I think it's obviously not yeah. Well, then, do you want to come look at it. You want to just prolong this. I was just going to ask them if they fought in their hand or not. I didn't care about anything that I just wanted to know about their habits in the bathroom. Then I think, let's just okay, let's wrap this baby up guys I'll, do all my fellow hand farting. Let me tell you you know what I you know what I like the most about people that fart in their hands melody, though it's at 52 still you act like that's a victory for you, I'm just saying it's going down. You know what I like about people that fart in the hand of smelly. They are courageous and they are truthful. I find it hard to believe that people don't like the smell of their own farts, because it's but you're saying it like you enjoy it. I do I enjoy it. So why? What's hard to believe it's a gross smell because it's like biological, I feel like you, almost, cannot deny, because, if you're willing to sit there and analyze the smell of your own fart, which you've admit to doing in a sense, you couldn't do that without enjoying you couldn't and you couldn't do that without enjoying it right, no you're, not making any sense. Why I'm not analyzing, I'm just sitting there and thinking like people, do you think all the time you're thinking yourself? What kind of fart is that you could take a smell? No, it's like! Oh, this is really gross or oh. This is not that bad! You know it's just taut I like when it's grosser, okay, like a diarrhea, fart you're like damn that shit's foul, but it's good. I don't know what are you? Are you kidding? I don't I'm not kidding, I'm being real with you right now. I don't know. Am I grossing you out? Well, I think it's gross yeah. I think I thought that was the what most people think that art smells. But are you amazed now that over 50 say they fart on their hand and smell it? Like that's kind of an interesting revelation right? It is so there you go we're uncovering things here on the h3 podcast we're this is so off the rails. We got to end this yeah. Let's end it all right, um off the rails, guys have a blessed weekend. Hope you all enjoyed here with us today on the h3 podcast live. I thank you all so much for joining us. I am so excited for the weekend. I hope you all have a great terrific week and I am so excited um anything else going on, not really, oh really. So we will see. Oh next week we have tom segura and christina p, two of my favorite people on when uh thursday, wednesday it's wednesday, because I thought we were going to disney on friday, thursday, okay, so they're coming on wednesday at the usual time, and then the day after that, I'm so excited I'm taking the whole family to disneyland. We are because, for some reason, all of our family members birthday is in the same season. It's all in the fall so we're doing a klein family, bonanza, there's 10 of us going together. It's going to be freaking awesome. So if you were in disneyland, are you sure it's on thursday I thought it looked on the calendar. The end of this podcast is so off the rail I'm just looking at my [ __ ] calendar. No, hang on guys. No. This is important disneyland on the 25th, oh yeah, that is thursday. So, if you're in disney on thursday come say what up we're going to be wearing orange beanies and looking like a bunch of clowns and ela's going to make a shirt, a custom shirt for everyone, it says clan family birthday, bonanza 2018.. Can you have a picture of me farting like a ring cloud and then trailing my hand up to my nose? No okay, ela's gonna have a talking to me. She's gonna prohibit me from smart smelling farts. Are we off the rails dan? I think we're off the rails yeah. Let's end it guys. Thank you all! So very much have a nice weekend. Oh watch go uh ozark. I keep saying gosard watch ozark that show's [ __ ], awesome, yeah, really good. I'm gonna run home and watch the season finale of season, two, a huge fan of that show and tlc by the way watch my huge wife that one's the best one [Music] her vag is so wide that her husband, swim swims when they have sexy swims in her vagina off the rails. Right all right end, it dan just end it bye. You.