Welcome everybody to the h3 podcasts live. Thank you to today's sponsors, honey, quit trippin and, of course subscribers, like you, just a reminder that if you have Amazon Prime, you can attach it to twitch and subscribe for free. Yes, that's free2go com, / I, don't know, but you can subscribe for free. It's free money. Our first live show tickets went on sale last week, 14th it's sold out in about 15 minutes and I will say: that's really cool and exciting, but there wasn't that many tickets, it's not like. We sold out the Rose Bowl or something, but it was pretty exciting. So anyone who got tickets. Thank you for that. I think it's gonna be I'm super pumped. We may have a special guest that will blow your mind. We may not, though so don't know it's not a promise but you're ready, Mountain ticket. So you're going to get more than you bargained for, joined today by my good friend and sweetheart, who came donned in garbs his garb derogatory or is that I mean just means clothing right as far as I know, yeah but I mean at this point. You could pretty much link anything to some sort of derogatory yeah yeah garb is racist. Somehow guys somebody heard about the marijuana thing: yeah, that's a no-go. Now he Cox from Smosh is here to co-host with us today as we journey through giggles, laughs, romps and writes through this top of them. I. Don't know why this is a new thing. I'm doing is pointing at the camera like that. We're touching tips, yeah I'm, loving it it's powerful. Yes, you and ELA. Before we begin. Let me first congratulate you on your new black book err. Yes, whack book errr, the air, it's the pro the wack book bro, but thank you and yeah there's a little bit a fight happening in our family right now, because Ethan is like anti a Mac yeah I, don't like mackerel product I, don't like the company I, don't like the product, I, don't like anything about them and Gila knows that. I feel this strongly buts about it and so she's still going behind my back. This is like a cheating. Hmm, then I tried to tell him Ethan! Please don't kill my vibe, it's it's! Never a good idea, loyalty over electronics, because there's always gonna be something that surpasses it. A year later, like I used to I used to be a big hater of denim jeans, none of that's electron. Now, how can you hate denim I, don't know like I I didn't wear jeans for like five years and I. Don't know why would you wear corduroy I? Think I just was trying to feel special about something. What do you just straight chords? You know yeah card, just junior agro cargo shorts. This is right. This is early two-thousands. Okay, it was acceptable to wear cargo shorts. Khakis are good a little. It wasn't a good time for fashion in general, yeah, the early 2000s you go back there yeah. You know you got. You got Britney Spears in and JT, showing up in all denim right. You it was. It was a push back on on what you saw. It was my revolt. Yeah I used to not wear down and and actually I was funny I made funny you said well. Would you wear corduroy I said that, because that's what I used to wear yeah middle school I would only wear corduroy pants and now, when I think but I'm, not against denim yeah I, don't I'm not put us I've not put like a stake in the ground. Sure like I, have with Mac Mac, it's overpriced the company I, don't like the way they run. The company ELA gets in today. The first thing: she's, like oh, my god, I forgot, my dongle, oh I need to sign it to Apple ID future. The future is the future guess what guys we've got a really exciting new invention, where you have to care around the second piece. If we want to use headphones nicer now, but now, but now it won't like if you accidentally yank your cord it'll, take your laptop off with it right, because I have an older back book that has like the magnetic thing right. Those I think kind of made sense yeah. It was like the so like the old Xbox controllers, how they had like the cord, the ripper yeah I had like we would like rip away. That's just gonna take your laptop with it, of course, I think. That's actually what Apple wants, though, especially after they now that now that they made the iPhones water-resistant I feel like they resisted resisted they resisted for a long time making their phones water-resistant because they made they want so much money because of people dropping their phones and toilets. We could have done this decades ago. Oh yeah they're, missing out on a lot of money. Now that, of course, now they make their phones break easier right, because now they're all glass and everything yeah you breathe on it wrong and they fixed way. So how much did that laptop cost? You EULA I cost me $3,400 damn and hurt yeah yeah, it's my money too, by the way, but I. So far, I only had like this stupid gaming laptops are pretty I'm, not a gamer, but it's like who's really good. For anything. You know, I was like a razor, not a name-brand yeah right. We, but it's like so bulky. It's here right, yeah like whenever we travel like I, have back pain afterwards. Oh, it's awful, she said: I need a I need a laptop that feels like air. What I'm carrying it around and apples like got you fam, whack book Eric was born. This is huge because we've always you know it's passionate, so mm-hmm I. Let it go well. Here's what's happening. The stage is set for a tech off h3h3 tech reviews, I'm shopping around to find a PC or Windows machine that closest resembles the wack book, and so I am looking at one and I'm doing it specifically by weight right. They had slick, it's it's so light right. This thing weighs about four point. Three pounds likes water yeah, my shredder, that's what a cutie pie that should always be your metric, like how many shredders and weights yeah so I'm. Looking for one shredder wait. I want basically the same way. I think I'm gonna be able to get a larger hard drive more RAM, a faster processor, a better video card for less. But the question is, you will see the question is, and it's not even the matter of like processing, speed, its usability, its they got. It I'll say they've very sleek, they're you've got a slight thing going on. This is not an ad for any company which is coming with a fart noise Dan seriously, good idea, that's what I'm he's like do. We have any [ __, ], [, __ ] sounds I, can blast and just go good morning. Am radio I mean every once in a while. The the fart noise comes in handy yeah. It's not saying you overuse it, but when you can't discount a good fart yeah anyway, so the stage is set I think this weekend, I'm gonna get my own golden boy. Pc stands for probably cooler. This stage is set for an epic tech battle. Until then, let's get enough about max, let's get on with it. Let's get on to I was really important headline first story of the day, I think everybody's gonna be wowed by if you catch my drift. Let me open this in Australia, they probably the goofiest country in on the planet. Earth, hmm hundreds of people gathered to say wow, like Owen Wilson. Let that sink in my friends, goofiest country on earth and I mean that in a great way, they're playful, they're, fun, I love, mm-hmm, yep, Owen Wilson is a very popular on the internet for the way pronounces. The word Wow and now he's driving longing for her. That ever really know. He has a thing like in his movie. He always plays the same character and he goes wow. That's not the only word that he says, though he also has other phrases that he's brought into other things. So he's like that's crazier than a road lizard right he's literally said that phrase, and it was that's crazier than a road lizard I. Don't think that analogy is very compelling. Well he's he's putting in a lot of his movies and I. Don't know he does apparently a disagree with me: Owen Wilson, saying Wow. So, let's just see if this is actually a meme before we get, it definitely is so here. Do you think the Wow is ever actually in the script or that's just always a tub of talent? That's they assume that when they get when they book him, it comes with a certain amount: Wow yeah yeah. When the writing Family Guy they're like we need. You know: twenty jokes per minute mm-hmm. So in Ellen's case they're, like we're gonna need ten miles per scene. It's fair, that's fair yeah! So anyway, let's get. Let's get back to it. Yada yada, yada and these times I think something as silly is getting together and saying. Wow can have a positive effect and I'd like to see everyone come together. It could remind people that this world we are lucky to inhabit, is beautiful and to embrace that, like Owen Wilson does in his movies by saying wow wait did I read: okay, let's just watch the ideal, Wow I like that guys focus on on his campaign. It just goes straight to the chest and just hangs there. [Applause] I'm kind of I'm kind of underwhelmed I thought they were gonna. Give like a countdown like three two one Wow, but it was just actually agree. I was expecting I. Wasn't it's a free for I wasn't expecting a free for all yeah y'all kept brought the time to come together. Let's at least do it all come on Australians, the other I bet we can put this together. We wanted to. We got to do a different, different phrase, though, like they did the Wow. We got to do desserts in the robe or whatever. Everyone knows home. Well, yeah, yeah, I've, seen in Shanghai noon. Here's another angle in case anybody was need to see this. Do you think it's quite an hour consulted Bibles he's wild all right? Well, yeah I mean you know what we're pretty great. It's fun! It's silly! It's fun! It's playful! It's wow, although it doesn't top my favorite well, which will of course forever be mmm. This class I don't have ever heard the sound I've, always just seen it Wow yeah, that's the best Wow this guy man, well, Wow yeah I've never actually heard the voice, but it actually it fit. Yeah he's great yeah. That's a closet! Alright! Well, I thought that was a lot of fun. Let's get started waitis! You know open it up, see. What's out there, some good things you know so this next one, this stuff triggers me a little bit okay, so you guys may have heard of the story of this hot teacher that [ __ ] her 14 year old student. Have you seen this, which one yeah it happens? A lot I mean it does seem to happen a lot. It happens from time to time. Let me roll this report. Well, let's start here: 26 year old science, teachers, Stephanie Peterson, walked into her first appearance at the Volusia County Jail this afternoon, hoping to be released with just a promise that she would be back to court, Volusia, County, sheriff's deputies, say Peterson engaged in a sexual relationship. With a 14 year old, former student of hers, the teen told deputies it began last November, he said Peterson would send him nude pictures of herself. She would also pick him up from his house late at night so that they live together. Investigators, say the boy's parents called law enforcement in January and deputies arrested. Peterson on Wednesday Peterson was charged with two counts of lewd and lascivious battery and one count of sending harmful material to a minor, her bond set at $25,000, and that's why she wanted to be released on her own recognizance today. But the judge met her halfway, reducing her bond to $12,500 an amount she posted almost immediately dangerous winter storms are threatening so well. That's that's! That's just right, so she hasn't been charged. Yet that's true! That's her bail, but the charges were just like lewd conduct or something not like statutory rape, which is what you would expect to see if the positions were switched, that guy would be like underground, but the part the thing that really the the reaction to a story like this is very typical, and this is this: the picture that everyone's sharing here, let me show you. This is the one that I see on Facebook and read it where everyone's, like. Oh man, we're with my teacher like that where's my fight, so she just sent the photos like she didn't actually and everyone's like. Oh man, where was that where's that teaching around the kid right? My my counter to that is is that this kid, like people, think like when, when when a young girl has sex with an older guy, how damaging that must be right. Huh I think that it's equally damaging for a man except they just don't know it because society like here's, the comments on reddit everyone's like that was awesome, yeah. Of course, yeah. You know what here's here's real comments and where the [ __ ] were these dream makers. When I was a kid, how damn I wish I was that guy am I supposed to pretend that if that woman, [ __ ] when I was 14, I would have been in a goddamn paradise. So, as you said, HeLa, yet a horny 13 year old guy would would put his dick in anything that moved right, because we talked about it earlier and I'm like it's her responsibility, not to do that, because it's so [ __ ] up when you're like when I look back at myself at that age. Oh, my god, I, probably thought I'm like an adult man. You know yeah and by now, looking back, it's like embarrassing. Yes, how you're not and just I, don't know it's him, so he's 14 14 is kind of insane. My niece is 40 yeah, but in that perspective in my head, but the thing is like I, think I barely danced with a girl when I was 14, yeah I think I I almost kissed a girl and ran away yeah yeah. That's that's I mean it's sketchy, it's sketchy. It's it's just gross either way. So the thing is that, like I think it would damage somebody in ways they wouldn't right, like that's how you grow up as a dude who tattoos on his arm like big [, __ ], like that's how you end up like someone, you know a couple of those people but I'm saying like you, will turn into a per oh I, think a worse person. If this happened you it would [ __ ] with it would hardwire your brain in a [ __ ] up way that you it would do something yeah, it's not good. It's not good. There was a reason. It's not allowed. You know some of these comments. This makes me this makes me absolutely sick. Lucky little [, __, ] I, know it's a double standard, but when I was 14 and banging my hottest, [ __ ] teacher I'd be stuck I seriously doubt this kid was damaged in any way, irresponsible and stupid on her part. Yes, it's not like she held him down and forced herself on him. We don't have that I, don't think that is well well, it doesn't matter. I guarantee this kid was all about it. This would be what I considered a victimless crime buying him marijuana was. She also bought a marijuana by the way cool yeah. So this is a victimless crime, but it's like would you say the same thing of a 14 year: old girl, [, __, ] a 30 year old guy, and it's like. Oh, she wanted it. There would be pitchforks yeah there would be burning. There would be burning of the monster Frankenstein anyway, III always found this double standard to be quite ludicrous yeah, it's definitely nothing new. Every time one of those stories comes out. People are like, oh yeah, it's like good. No, it's still a it's still. A 20 was 26. Yes, 26 year old, also in the relationship of somebody in authority having a sex with somebody they're supposed to be taken care of yes, is, is twisted. It's an abuse of power. Yeah, it's a little scary, yeah I, don't know what was going through either of their minds. The kid he can't he's blameless am I cause like yeah, like I, said, I put my dick and anything that moved at that age. Literally, that's completely under adult in that situation, -, in my opinion, - all right. What do you think about it? Dad one more thing for teachers to worry about. You can't even I can't [ __ ], my teenage students anymore yeah, that's true and I got a carry gun. Wait you're telling me I'm, not getting a racist here and I can't affect my 13 year old students darn well at least I'll have a gun. You know what I love about this argument about: arming teachers. Hmm just like two days ago there was a story of a teacher barricading themselves and shooting up a classroom yeah, let's give them more guns. The least stressful job in the world. They'll be fine, [, __, ] insane, it's gotta be one of the most insane thing. I've heard, arming teachers yeah, we talked about it last episode, but it's it really I'm sure the comments love that discussion, I'm sure everyone is really civil and kind in the comic. You know what I would love to hear. If there's anybody out there who genuinely believes that we should arm teachers, you want to have a conversation about it. Colin are we ready for Colin Stan, we weren't. We are not during the break, so if you're out there and you think- oh, let's give teachers guns elementary school teachers guns Colin. Let's talk about it, I'm all for arming teachers as long as we get those smart bullets that avoids the good guys and just only hits the bad guys, because apparently Apple is working on that really help. You need the log in mid-air here, I phone account. So anyway, that's Story number, two Wow! Can we get that on the sound board? Please Dan yeah, definitely with a fart directly after it. Just this, this show is developed in Big Time -, welcome, Cheers up next Papa John severs ties with the N F, Wow and and even worse than that is that they've been replaced by pizza mm-hmm. Do you think Papa John's mention is that risk Papa, John's Pizza mansion, yeah, um, no I sold enough pies by now man, I I, hope I was doing okay better than the delivery guy I'm sure yeah. As long as he doesn't turn out like the kid that played Anakin, oh yeah, oh yeah, he was not happy about being Anakin, he got trashed on him and he was going to school and he I feel bad got all messed up. He got messed up and then, like the kid who played young Darth Vader and the original prequels, really everybody trashed on the support kid cuz. He was an awful actor and he was an awful actor, but it's not his fault, he's eight year old right, and so when he grew up and went to school, you know you can imagine the torment that this poor kid went through. That's not the kid was an awful actor yeah. It wasn't it wasn't: ruined ruined Star Wars. For me, if you look at the prequels, is it really the actors faults well old Anakin kind of there are good kid actors and when you're making a Star Wars prequel with the budget of like 50 billion, you there's a good there's a good connector out. There can imagine it's also hard to write for children because most of people that are writing these are like I, don't know: 30 40, 50 years old, right and now they're trying to write in the mindset of a child right yeah. That is a talent, though, that writers do have right. There are writers, maybe yeah I'm, just saying they have the resources there. Like here's 50 billion dollars, we can find someone who can write the dialogue of a child and we should be able to find a child. They could do though you're saying people should blame the writers, not the kids, your blame, George, Lucas, I'd, say yeah I'd say blame the writers more than more than the actors you can like. A good actor can only act so good yeah with the script that they're given I. Think writers, don't give it interesting enough. Pressingly we've started at Papa John's Papa John's, who I will say we approached for a sponsorship deal. They said no Shh I'm, like I, sell more pies than Peyton Manning and all those guys on the field. I sell more Papa John's Pizza than Papa himself you're. Saying no to me. Well, I've got a word. I got something to tell you Papa. If you don't get smart and make a deal with me now, I'll, be your new NHL I'm gonna be switching to Pizza Hut, so Pizza Hut took their place yeah. The announcement came a day after Papa John said with ended sponsorship with the war. It is a pizza. It's a legitimate pizza war. It's a hot war. Unlike a cold war, no Papa John's is less well. If it was Papa Murphy's, it could be a cold war because that's like the takin bake, Papa, Murphy's, Oh, old war, I, don't know we need another so well. Papa Murphy could have a cold war with digital uh, yeah yeah. Sure [Laughter], like I, said this is big Papa John, which last week blamed the NFL's response to players protesting for slumps and sales will focus his partnership on individual teams. What an idiot by the way like! Even if you disagree with all these NFL players protesting, don't be like yo. Our pizza sales are dropping, so you all need to stop whatever you're doing this is the NFL is exist to sell pies people. The pizza went into his head. He's gone pizza, that's gone to his head. You're right man that guy's face looks like he's been a little bit too much time near a pizza oven. You know what I mean yeah I'll pitch Sean Shatner. Let's pull up a picture him and by the way, I yeah he's definitely got a sponsor. He was a cautious Papa John. What stuff? What do you think? Papa John watches for entertainment, news, fox news, probably Fox and Friends all day, just like torture videos, maybe slaughterhouse yeah, hey put on uh. Oh look at that. That's a face. That's been around a pizza, oven, I feel like this guy just watches a lot of Baywatch. Oh and dad yeah I can totally see this Baywatch all day, yeah why'd they blur the like the sad music I, don't know where I am but I'm into poor papa everybody can. If you have any lighters, please get them out now poor went out for the Papa, put a slice on the ground for Bubble Boy. Yes, oh I want that jacket, though, that I swag papa the league's deal with pizza is for four years and is worth more than Papa John's deal uh-oh. The agreement gives pizza, which is owned by Yum Brands, an exclusion brand, that's fake, pop fake name, yum-yum I feel like that's like Japanese like a Chinese company. They own secretly owns every that's like somebody. That's like we need to make a company. That's like a food company, what we call it um! Well, that's why I think it's Chinese, because they always do that they're just like we need a we need to. We make we sell meat, let's call it wolf or something it's the Chinese [ __ ] man, Papa John, said Tuesday. The company reported that its sales were down four percent from the year before wait for four percent, that a lot I think in the pizza world, probably well I. Remember. He threw up a stink when health insurance rolled around Obamacare that giving his employees health insurance was gonna, cost him like three cents more per pie, and he thought that that was remarkable enough, that him saying that publicly would be convincing, even though everyone ripped him for it. Cuz, like everyone's gonna get that was gonna sympathize, yeah everybody's fine with my employees, you know being broke, you say cancer, whatever just but people like ya, three cents, I, don't even I, who even carries pennies I, literally throw pennies on the floor. It's it's! It's a health hazard I feel like pennies. Are a health hazard right. When you get enough pennies I mean you can't I mean that could buy a whole new papa mansion. Though he's got to worry about that that'll be a good video. You should watch it you've seen that trend on YouTube buying stuff with pennies buying Gucci clothes with pennies. You know, funnily enough, it connects back to us cuz. It was the Bradbury's little brother who had that viral hit. Did they started I think they may have had they I no offense to them, but I, don't think there would ever be have any original thought of the show they got something going on there. What are you talking about I've heard about, like somebody went like the DMV? They had some sort of ticket they had to pay off and they they paid it off in pennies. I was talking about that with my friend and and and he was like that's that just mean that the office worker didn't give you that ticket and now you've, just burdened this person with a hundred thousand just a revenge thing yeah. So in the case, interestingly, in the case of you're paying bills for a government-issued bill, they have to accept any currency by law that make sense. But in the case of Gucci they're like get out you [ __, ] hooligans I actually want to see if they invented this. Let's see sort by aren't you curious if they invented it or not. We can figure this out. You can't. It would also help if you spelled penny correctly any well. It's pennies used, they always say penny. Ah I do need the F to complete the thought. So here there's this one month ago, Wolfie I actually think Wolfie may have met today. He seems more creative by being Frank they're. All from one month ago, though, oh here you go fine, oh, you know what let's just get into, let's just get right into it, so the Bradbury's have been insane [, __, ] little brother. This kid scarcely there's another one, Omar bro. How many Bradbury's are there three that I real? We know, but you know in the wintertime, the berry it's berry season, yeah and those berries flourish. Oh man weather like this [Music] amazing - covered couch. They change all the way back. First, video about them, I have to presume so, but they're killing it with all these penny videos. Why don't they go get up? [, __, ]? Well, he's young, he probably that's, probably their parents house- hmm. They have to know that doing. Shooting a video on a plastic-covered couch is not a good look. I think that should be self a parent. Does the camera ever like? Stop, there's always something happening on the screen. It's kind of an interest overload it's doing that they had the presence of mind to just keyframe in and out non-stop cuz. It I mean it take not a lot of effort work. This is finally new for me and we can just go through the Gucci store and buy something from Gucci. Hopefully they do accept that because nothing was taken. [Music] I'm surprised have to give him credit for all the editing. Two suitcases: three suitcases: four suitcases: five suitcases filled: what ten uh yeah guys, one more shoe cake, never seen this in your light race right here they come. This is kind of a couple young guys walking through the mall, with a bunch of suitcases right, I'm, hoping that they're just panties in there, oh man, how are we gonna make our video then? So they just go there. They got kicked out and that was an 18 minute long, video I've, no idea than that. My dude have you lost time. You've had a five million video Wow I'd have to look. Usually it's all. It's always just kind of like a consistent like I, don't know because we I mean I, guess clearly we need to start making video that's what I'm driving at is that Wow? How old is it like super young Omar he's about 30 he's about 14, just right, the the right age to have a high school teacher? But do you think he's doing all the editing, nah, nah I think they have like I honestly think that um Tennessee? Does the editing, mmm Tennessee TV? Remember that guy mm-hmm down the mean pole, we go I, don't know it's a theory. Well anyway, my point is I. Haven't got five million views in a long time we need to team up Rango, she panty shopping yeah. What if the whole video was just cake? We got to do it bigger than that, though, we got to go down to Mexico with pesos and hit up the Gucci store there. Oh yeah, it doesn't feel, although yeah that would go buying a car buying a yacht with pennies show up with like another yeah anyway. This is this. This is going on too long. This penny mean Papa, John got fired and I'm still here. Where are you well now he's got money to spend some pennies for days papa hit him up. Papa yeah, that's my point. So anyway, guys we are gonna, go to a quick break, stay tuned, so much more laughs and gaffs left don't go away! Thank you to honey for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast. Would you ever turn down free money? No! No! Who would do that? Well, if you shop online without the best coupon you're, already paying too much how many stores online alike? Oh, this item is usually $1,000, except with this coupon that we've only told some people about it's actually, two hundred and fifty it's actually five dollars that doesn't happen anymore with honey, which is a free browser extension that finds the best coupons on the web. So you know you're always getting the best price. This app is a revolution. In two clicks. Add honey to any browser for free and then just go ahead and shop like you normally would honey scans and tests millions of coupons in the background, like an old Jewish father clipping coupons silently in the darkness, like my dad used to clip coupons, not you that was like he work all day and he'd come back and clip coupons, that's what it's doing for you all the time wait like me, I, don't have coupons, I use, honey effort, I check out honey will automatically apply the best coupon to get you the biggest discount over 7 million people use honey every day and together saved millions of dollars. When honey's got your back, you'll, never overpay again, just the other day, we were ordering parts on Amazon, true story before based on true story. This is not this. This sometimes movies be like based on true events. This is true events movies, be like crying laughing emoji. We were ordering parts for a new computer on Amazon dance, putting it together and he's like hunting just saved me. Ten bucks on Amazon hold $10. What wasn't ten? How much was it exactly? I wrote it down because I was so impressed. It was nine dollars and 41 cents. That's ten dollars pretty much. Yeah I just want to be authentic as possible, because we've emphasized how real the story 941 and what it did is like. Oh, this processor is available from another seller, still Amazon Prime. By the way Hamazon prime shout out to you twitch prime I was like a ghostbusters cross, this James thing, and so what they do, because Amazon's got all these different cells. They automatically pick one that's cheaper and still prime its equal in all the ways just $10 less 941. It was incredible. There's no reason not to add honey to your browser. It's free takes just seconds to install and will save you tons of money. Add honey to your browser for free right now at join honey, calm, slash, h3, that's, join honey, calm, slash, h3, you're gonna be taking a dive into your Uncle Scrooge coin pool before the end of this copy. Read so like we need a close-up camera on there touch finger. Cam did that image make sense the? What do you call it? The Scrooge McDuck Scrooge McDuck yeah there you go you're gonna, be Scrooge McDuck in your way to prosperity with honey, join honey, calm, selected I read that right, that's the link. Rasher did yep next up. Thank you to quip. Oh man, I just got my new quip I got my new head this morning, I attached it. We got it in blue this time, I was like actually I wish. We brought it it's a really beautiful color matches. My kind of, let me tell you about quit, for those who are not yet been initiated into the quip army. Quit is one of the best inventions of the past 100 years right behind I would say the internet internet air travel quit quit is an electric toothbrush, that's so silly k-- and so hot and so easy to use it vibrates. First of all, talk to any dentist and they'll tell you vibrating toothbrush, cleans your teeth better next up, Thank You EULA for the vibrating yeah. Thank you for the. How do you call that the folly I don't know it's not really! It's not really fully. If it's actually coming from the toothbrush, though, is it three effects at times your brush? So you know you're getting the best possible clean it vibrates, every thirty seconds, just to say, keep going man you're doing great, your breath stinks and you need all the help you can get and then all of a sudden three minutes past it goes weren't wearing worm and it turns off and you're like I'm ready, I'm set I got the best brush, my breath doesn't stink, I'm, not gonna, get gingivitis I'm ready, and besides that, it's got the softest greatest bristles I'm a toothbrush fanatic, I love quip. It's my favorite toothbrush I cannot recommend it enough. Just try it. It starts at just $25. You've got nothing to lose. It's so important. We brush our teeth every day or you if you're not I mean there's people I swear to god, they're, like oh I, just I brush three times a week. I'm, like do you any taught, and you talk to be like this I feel like if you don't brush regularly and you all can feel it from here almost one of those guys and don't be one of those guys where you can see like [, __, ] caked onto your teeth, you gotta brush twice a day to like not not even you're talking about every day. I mean dentists, recommend three times after every meal, I gotta, admit I, don't do three. Sometimes I do three, but to to is gonna you're gonna need to you're gonna need to at least let me as your dentist, advise you on that. Try this toothbrush! It's gonna change your life. It's gonna make you wanna brush, because it's so fun. Quips starts at just $25. Go to get quick, calm, /, h3 right now, you'll get your first I. Don't know why I'm pointing all this I know it's fun, though hey you, I had to join, get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack Ferrari at get quipped cough /! H3, that's spelled GE TQ! U IP! Comm /! H3 give it a shot, help support the show, support our sponsors, you're gonna love this toothbrush I guarantee it. If you don't love this toothbrush, - come find me and tell me about it. That's don't! If you see me on the street talk to me about clip. Thank you. Finally, - trippin comm ever plan a vacation. Finding a place to stay that'll make everyone happy for the right price where you all want to visit. Well, it can feel like a full-time job. That's true! Finding a hotel it makes me sometimes want to just cancel the whole dress, spend less time planning your next trip with trippin dot-com. Don't visit a ton of sites on trippin, calm once search lets, you compare every home from the world's top vacation rental sites in one place to find the best deal on your perfect vacation rental. Vacation rentals offer more more privacy, more space for everyone under one roof and more choices with fully stocked kitchens. Oh man, I'd be like oh [, __ ] they'll, regret giving me that option there'll be like three grains of rice, uncooked rice left in the pantry when I done tearing that up and extra bedrooms and even hot tubs, Wow well Wow, all the comforts of home and then some best of all tripping calm. You can join the millions of travelers who find more savings with rates up to 80% less than traditional hotels. That means you can go anywhere. You want and get a wonderful accommodations for a fraction of the price. Alright. So if you're planning, Spring Break on the beach of Florida, trippin comm, let's say you're dreaming of sitting on the deck of a smoky mountain cabin tripping calm. Maybe you want to go to Mars tripping car. That's right! This year's save time and money when you book your vacation home of your dreams with tripping Cobb, slash, h3, that's tr, IPP, ing, Cobb, slash age, three! So the next time you're looking to plan your perfect vacation home, don't trip don't trippin yeah! That was the one that we coined last time right, don't trip balls just go to trippin! Comm / H Street, but seriously. Please support our sponsors. If you want to support the show if you are in the market for a toothbrush you're going on a trip or what was the first or in the market for generating free revenue, and this isn't a big connects community whatsoever in the copy reads at the very bottom tree ban. What's up what's up? What's up honey nation, it's not a scam back to the show everything's legit, please for our sponsors. Let's get back into the show. [Laughter] welcome back everybody to the a street. Podcast live with ela kleiner for life and on my great wonderful friend, and he [ __ ], head [. __ ]! Are he come? He got it right. The first time he [ __ ] yeah hard on the e yeah, always go hard on the E. No I thought what that sounds wrong. That's bad! Go hard on the Gerard before the [ __ ] boom I, don't know we were talking last about Papa John and then this other little ditty came up related to the Pizza Hut NFL story that I thought was really interesting. Pizza Hut replaces Papa John as NFL sponsor, but guess what they're? Also developing a self-driving pizza delivery service check. This weird [ __ ] out Pizza Hut, is teamed up with Toyota dis, G large herbs, test out self-driving and delivery vehicles that will steal your jobs. Now. What you see here is they're gonna scan your face, put it into the government database. Basically, you're selling, all of your human liberties right share. We do pizza, you are selling your future kid. It's out of fare jobs. Every college student now is out of work and the price of pizza has dropped. The tenth in a world where drones are flying is all coming from the need to deliver a pizza. Exactly it's the most important issue of our time here. Ok, bro people can't melt a piece of bread with cheese in their house. Why? What's going on exactly here this juror, this high-tech drone is delivering to like the president of New Zealand yeah get a slice. I am kidding. This is actually really cool, but more I think we need to get real about tech stealing not but John. When will Papa John's join the competition holder, calling him out in a car Oh with this old, dear friend, Peyton Manning, ah not anymore, Peyton doesn't answer. Papa's calls anymore pain. We used to be pals, so this video is by Pizza Hut. Let's CNN tech I can definitely see the the delivery working. If, if you had those going to say like a ball like a ball game like when it gets out, you know everybody's drunk they're, leaving the game, and you got this giant Pizza Hut Delivery drum that's just selling, just like a like a almost like a robotic food truck, yeah cuz I feel like that would work that would kill large sort of gathering places where there's where there's you know not usually always people there I, don't think it makes any such as a viable real world. I, don't see why not that, so that the the thought is that they team up with Amazon and other delivery services, throw it all on this car and everything yeah the pizzas like well anyway, my might the thing that I thought was like: let's get real guys, computers are taking our jobs and we need to get smart people. Ok. Now, if you think that oh I'm I've got way more skill than a pizza delivery, boy, I'm I write, I'm an engineer, I'm gonna I do all this really cool stuff, and no one rather place me think again. Watch this think again, all of our jobs are at risk during a 2005 show. Songstress Fergie could not ignore nature's call. So there's all these YouTube channels is he using like deep learning or whatever they call that? Why? How deep it is, it's just is a super-deep I think. Actually, all it is is the okay, so I. This has to be coming out of India I just have a feeling. These programmers set up something to read an article steal, a picture from it, Auto read it and then they automatically post it on YouTube. So these channels, with these really goofy cringy voices and they upload like 200 videos a day yeah and the crazy thing is they're, probably making Bank, but as they should I mean, this is quality but anyway yeah so I mean if you think that you're too high skilled to be replaced by computer journalists, youtubers we're all at risk. The singers pants, oh wow, someone's got to fix the road. Afterwards, no robots are gonna, be fixed and robots. We're all scrub out see me fixing themselves fixing each other. It's gonna be crazy that she had peed herself to cover it up. She quickly doused herself, with champagne, good thinking, Fergie. Thank you for watching subscribe to my channel. No, it's not even subscribed to my channel subscribe, my channel, it's vivid world, my dude, that's the name of the yeah yeah. How many videos they have! Can you get yeah? Let's see how do I see see but 32 thousands subscribers? How can I see how many videos they have I? Don't know that I can do that, but you hear you can see just 11 hours ago they uploaded oh wow yeah, like 20 videos, Wow yeah. Thank you all, which will include a visit to Jordan will take place in the summer. Is this how you like to get? You know wife, Kate minutes better than Alexa, but so what that was leading into was this wonderful video? Now we're gonna get into the deep cringe the deep, deep cringe my dude Fergie drunk at the award show. Have you seen this I heard about it? I did not see it. I guess I saved saved myself for you, it's honestly really quite hard to watch. This is like some real, deep cringe and I mean like in the real sense. People have lost an appreciation for what that actually means it's harder and harder to come by now, because I feel like a lot of companies, now are preparing for really cringey moments. Knowing you can't have this happen, we can't have bowen. You know like a soup, like the Janet Jackson super bowl moment right. Well, keep preparing, because here we go, the intros super wheels [Applause]. So what happened? Just a little backstory cuz he's like I, don't know what I'm supposed to do. She was supposed to come out present, but the producers realized she was so shit-faced that they're, like nah dude, go out and do it, and so this poor guy is really in the middle of something special, no hi, Fergie I'm, actually army hammer. Thank you. I'm gonna win at the Academy Awards thanks, Brett he's even watching okay, so this is unexpected and in typical twos, a yes style. I think you would love that if he was here, [Applause] really in her mind, she's killed. You know what I mean Tom for real her there's like a five-second pause in between every word. She says: what is she using here on this bag? He's here on this amazing t-shirt, mock style, long, sleeve shirt and fabulous, but he's also here as a person, and the thing is all of the Tom Ford life which I thrive to get and was really embarrassed. That I didn't have chumford makeup in my bag by the way channeling it in their mind. He is a person with compassion he's a director. He loves to see people's feelings and listen. Look at his face is so good. Yeah he's just man, young dog, you didn't bargain for this at all. This is not a shameless promotion. Somebody help somebody do something: I can't move new song called a little work family. She peed herself to to the previous project. I have a version that has alternate verses, and so are you shameless late? No shame with shame. I promote the target he's trying to sneak out shuffle to the side. Oh man, yikes I feel bad for her in a way because she was nervous, didn't work out. Yeah I often have this feeling when I go to a like a gathering and I get drunk and I'm like man, I'm I'm sure everyone thought it was such an idiot yeah in this case. In this case I, don't worry about it as long as it's not recorded right, I'm sure, I've said or done some pretty dumb things, but definitely made sure. I wasn't gonna record it yeah Cheers, now I just enjoy a cold. She doesn't call him same one else. Drink like this. There's me: hmm nice technique, everyone. So anyway, her rep was saying her PR guy was saying it was just a gag aha. Well, it's like to bring it back to the to the room. Tell me why, so after it achieved cult status, then he was like oh yeah. You know this is a comedy. That's a yeah yeah! It's totally comedy yeah totally the same guy said that um, the pee herself thing was just wet or something brutal, sweat. Man she's clearly got a fallen on hard times here, oh yeah, she did. You know she got a lot of [ __ ] for the anthem yeah. Did you see that? No that's what I thought you were gonna show me. We can watch that. No, no, it's fine, I'm sure everyone else is already seeing it. Let's watch that, but my take on it was that it wasn't nearly as bad as everybody was making out, see ya. Well, is it Mariah Carey New Year's Eve? No more like she tried something different and it didn't really work. She tried you like a sexy sultry version yeah, but it's funny that yeah, okay, let me see that's Fergie apologizes, for it may have been just it's wait. I don't know! Where are you gonna find that man I feel bad for her dude? Have you seen the Jimmy Kimmel New Year's Eve compilation? It's like 9 minutes long, it's it's the most supreme cringe video ever it's real bad! Another example why you don't get drunk when you're on camera, yeah Jimmy was cringing. Sorry, not jimmy kimmel, Oh, Jamie Kennedy. Sorry yeah did like a New Year's Eve celebration thing on Hollywood Boulevard and everyone was clearly clearly trashed. Can you put? Can you find that backs back there, guys I think we watch that on the podcast one, oh yeah, where it's like it's on, it's like KTLA and they their production, is just completely training at Kennedy, yeah and they're, like cutting away mid-sentence for people and yeah. There's a good girl in the background reading the teleprompter of what the guy was saying on camera. So just a short excerpt from this article. The whole performance lasted about two minutes, which was more than enough time for everyone watching to roast Fergie on all social media platforms. Even the comedian, Roseanne Barr took a shot at her I. Don't know why they made a special note of Roseanne Barr. Yes, that Roseanne, who once sang the national anthem like this? Okay, whatever I'm out of this here's, a good one. Oh I got the video what what did I miss in this one dead, air yeah I mean it's a long video, but oh, my god. This is great. I feel well, let's just go back to the beginning, cause I wanna say it's a big deal: they roll in live and they're on there in front of the Chinese Theater, okay, Hollywood Boulevard, New Year's Eve as a live-action somebody's teaching, something in the back. Let's check it with stone. There's so much to point out: it's like a Where's Waldo of cringe. It's so much to see David's life yeah, let's check in with Stu stone who was with Shannon Elizabeth Wow in here with us, tell everybody what is gonna happen in 2014 with you, I'm, so excited 2013. This use the broadcast doesn't appear. They just accident yeah. They gotta cut around the and they're back now same producers. Just setting up are we back I wonder if there was a year piece malfunction, because I've done a shoot where my earpiece didn't work, I think it takes more than that. Look like it was out of his ear earlier, so maybe he's getting static and had to pull it out or something I love this it's resulted. -, it's live and he's screaming. Are we back? This is wonderful! Oh man! This is my worst nightmare forever, forever doing anything like so good we're gonna throw things over to Jamie Jamie. What's going on over there are you jealous that I'm hanging out with a hot playboy model and a really hot burger, [Music] you'll see what I mean check this out? It's a black screen, nothing who dropped the ball here? How is there so many mistakes? Wait and then it's just like a random clip from the laughs actor no way they like rolled the wrong clip is that real all right now watch the girl behind him. That's even greener than Jamie, and probably just could be so sick girl right behind his limp. Is lip syncing the dialogue because he's just reading a teleprompter yeah, gentlemen? Please welcome Anna Rosales, hello, Anna I got questions. I know you've got answers. Can you tell us first and foremost, how can we improve the energy efficiency in our homes? What's this some poppin ears, material, Oh, God, Macy Gray? This is the worst but I forgot about this. There was a recent Macy Gray cringe. Wasn't there look into that and I think there's something spicy that reason I find this part just makes me feel [Music]. The background is really hard on the ice too. Isn't it it's like a really really nice to look at too early, so she's like yes like compared to whatever else is on TV on New Year's evening mm-hmm I feel like this has got to be the most entertaining program- oh my god, yes, but not for the right reasons. Yeah yeah no, but I mean at the same time. What's your resolution for 2013, you like same exact resolution, al out of the white people, [Music] they're just open to the public. At this point you know they say once you go black, you should try white, because it will keep you for China, very tight yeah and then like as they're closing out and the cameras like pulling out and they're supposed to be celebrating. There's like a fight going on literally running out out of there. Okay. Oh, it's always fun to relive that. Let's take some calls. I have a lot of other stuff lined up but I. Let's see what they've got. Okay, we've got an ex-army vet believes that there should be more security on campus I mean I'm, not gonna, argue with that. Necessarily we have Jake who's a gun owner believes teachers should be able to carry with proper training. Hmm, let's talk to that. Let's start with the ex-army vet. That sounds more like more authority, hello drew how you doing bud thanks for calling in you there what's going on there, how you doing hey thanks for calling in of course, of course, self. Okay. What? So? What is your position on arming teachers ants in public schools? I mean I, definitely think it shouldn't be as hard to get into a hospital or an airport, as it should be that the few sure who I don't have any kids, but the future is the kids today. So I know in my city in Boston and the surrounding towns, I could just walk into a high school or an elementary school, because I have little brothers and I go to pick them up, and it's too easy. So I I don't know about arming teachers and obviously we skiing what happened when there is security and I know where I'm from they have littoral police there and they did in Florida that are armed. So something needs to be done. I don't know about arming teachers, especially but they're just definitely needs to be more security as to getting in and yeah I. Don't know, I, don't know where I stand. The ball I won't disagree with you. There I definitely think that I mean there was a guard there and he yeah. That's that's. The argument is that there was there was an armed guard there and and wasn't stopped, and you know schools are huge. At least with with my school that I went to, there was I, think a couple thousand students and yeah it's a large open campus. It's not a self-contained building right and you know kids, snuck out and snuck in all the time. Is this a feasible to like you know back to school like you would have airplane yeah, it's like how much? How much is you know? I guess, I guess, there's no, there's no saying that that a armed guard is gonna, stop them, but it's a deterrent, mm-hm and I. Guess, that's that's the most that we can hope for mm-hmm. My thing is: I. Don't think these could these people who shoot up schools would be deterred by anyone with a gun because they're they're on a suicide mission already they all die. They know how it ends right. They all get killed by the police or kill themselves a lot of times. So let's try one more Jake here: okay, how's it going Jake thanks for calling in. So you are a gun owner that leaves the teachers should carry weaponry. Expand on that well, I mean for me personally coming from like a strong firearms background and he helped me to want to get before me, but I was I'm a Marine Corps vet, oh so I mean just given like proper training. If, like we can send 18 year olds to go to Afghanistan and die I, don't see why someone who's in their 20s and around kids violation, given the proper training be allowed to carry and conceal a weapon if they throw too well so you're you're, saying someone who's ex-military should be a teacher. We need to overlap those two. You said we can send people off at a teenagers to trainings right, okay, so like, but like a highly trained professional. If there's a highly trained, highly trained professional at the school, then they should be allowed to carry who's. Also, a teacher yeah. Do you think that it's putting too much responsibility on the teacher in a way to expect them to not only be like to be educators and to go to college for that and to have their mind, be about educating and taking care of kids, but to also have to undergo extreme training, to carry a firearm and be prepared to confront an armed shooter in the case that that would happen? Doesn't it seem like it's asking a lot? Oh no I I know a lot of people who do that like in their free time like who are very successful people in the business world and in their free time they go undergo that training by themselves. So I don't think that's too much to ask. It's not imagine like I, don't think it's not mandatory that every teacher should carry I'm saying have any choice, even the toy right is there. Do you think that there's any? Are we talking kindergarten through high school? Do you think that a kindergarten teacher you should have a gun, or does it not matter to you what age I mean that kindergarten teacher feels that those kindergartners are a threat or they're in danger? I, don't see why they shouldn't have the option and do you think like so in my mind, having more guns in schools creates more opportunities for something to go wrong because, as we were mentioning earlier in the show, you have the situation of this teacher that barricaded himself in the classroom and shot up the school, because we have like a lot of people who are advocates of gun control will say we have a mental health problem. So if that's the case- and we all agree that there's a mental health problem and not enough people being treated, do you agree that putting more guns in schools increases the likelihood instead of decreasing, that more children will die? I? Don't think that that's so much the case I think that, like as part of the training, they would also go under the like a mental health screening as well. I guess right, do you think, do you think it would be fair, like oh sorry, I was think would be fair if, if there was a shooter on campus say they had a an assault rifle and the teacher had a handgun and the teacher chose not to engage the shooter. Would it then be on the teachers? Would it then be the teachers fault for not engaging the shooter? Well, I think it comes down again to my personal choice. They feel like they would be a asset to that situation. Then they should have the right to engage with that. That's actually a great point in because it's like a can of worms in a way like you see how everybody's railing on this guard, who didn't, engage, yeah and they're like naming him and shaming him. So when you open the door for teachers to have guns and say one does have a gun, because now all the sudden that's just acceptable, because for whatever reason now, when someone there is a shooting that teacher, if they choose not to engage for whatever reason their life is gonna, be ruined, I think almost certainly by everyone, who's, shaming them for not engaging. It's not just going to be like oh I made the choice not to engage everyone's gonna be like that. Coward is responsible for those people dying and right now that pressure is not on any of those teachers or even beyond that teachers who choose not to carry a weapon are going to be like those teachers are cowards, they should have had guns and right now it's not even an option, so they don't have to deal with that potential yeah I could I can just see that being very bad for the tea. If a teacher was caring and they didn't- and they didn't, you know save the day, because it's I don't know if you're still on the line- and you know with handguns, it takes a lot of persistent training to stay proficient at shooting a handgun to like an assault rifle apparently I would argue that back. Ok do you are like writing? It's not that hard honestly! Well, we're! Ok, regardless of how hard it is to shoot a handgun. Do you agree with this concept of like kind of opening the floodgates of holding teachers responsible now for not engaging with Apple computers? Again that comes down to personal choice like when I guess, people shaming the security guard or a police officer that he was. That was his job. Yes, sir, all right, but people would say the same, but there could be more of a safeguard against incident like that where they have no one to protect. Well, as someone who grew up around guns, I can see that I mean I. Understand your your perspective. To me, it just seems like more and like how can you actually assess like how great like I? Imagine some desperado teachers like shooting into the hallway and kids running everywhere, and then it's like god forbid. This poor son of a [, __ ], is trying to help and he ends up. You know killing a kid, it's just too chaotic yeah, it's just it's too chaotic. That's that's my concern as well. Yeah I got a I got a friend that he's also a marine vet and he concealed, carries and and I'm fine with that sure I think. That's I, think that's fine, but when you put it into the teachers, hands and you're talking about a school with shooting starts kids start running. There's all this confusion, you don't know how many shooters there are. You have a teacher run out there, there's saying a bunch of kids running away. How do you know who to shoot? How do you, if you're going to hit them and if you're not going to hit a kid? And if you do hit the wrong person, then you're liable for Diane life? Can you imagine that I mean it's just it's it's overcomplicate I feel like it's. It's going in the wrong direction. Where there's like I guess a teen, you said it really in a good way, where it's like people who support guns, don't see the option to remove guns. It's only more guns right but I, don't know I'm, not saying any. Everybody that supports guns sees it that way. I mean I own a gun, but I have my own. Oh [, __, ] bro, oh yeah, Doug, but I mean it's it's for it's for personal defense reasons. It's you know, I I, think that you know everybody has a different stance on on gun ownership, not everybody's one way or the other sure. Well, okay, it's complicated, but I think the everybody's upset and wants to do something about it. I'm sure! That's true, you know. Are you in favor of any kind of gun control to prevent this Jake? Are you still on the phone? What do you think about like raising the age or or banning assault rifles and bump stocks and stuff, like that? Just out of curiosity, since I got here well, I mean in the 90s and through there we had a ban on assault weapons and I mean that didn't really help school shootings at all, I mean it's just I'm. Trying to formulate my thoughts here. I would support like some regulations, I guess, I common sense, whatever way that could and I mean yeah I mean just yeah, sorry I'm, that's all right, yeah, your thanks for calling it! No sir! None of us are professional gun control, night debaters, so that's totally fine going in and sharing your experience. God bless. You Jake appreciate you. Thanks for your service, yeah I think thank you all right! Man, peace, god, bless all right. Well, we ventured the murky waters of gun, control and I. Think we came out somewhat unscathed anyway. Let's look! Let's tango and learn. Do you Owen and gun yeah? What kind of gun do you own? Shotgun, yeah, yeah we go well I mean you know. We never know yeah. When you gotta kiss my fat ashati. We had some weird. We had some weird moments where people found out where we lived, and it's not like I plan on you know shooting somebody, but it only takes it takes. One person to you know, have the wrong intentions. Obviously, obviously people coming to the house they, you know the interactions I had were not bad, but it only takes one person and well that [ __ ] that happen to Gavin yeah. Then that's and that's the that's, the rare, obviously I, don't think it's ever gonna happen, but yeah. It's the rare occasion where something like that did happen and I just I messaged him like right right after her, but I was like dude like that's insane. He said you guys are okay, cuz, that's ridiculous! Well, for anyone who doesn't know we're talking about Gavin from the slo-mo mm-hmm, just long guys, Ian says he has a student who was there at the shooting, Wow whoa Gavin from the slow mo guys was at his house with his girlfriend, and somebody broken in the middle of the night, and they hid in the closet, and this guy was he drove there from like Florida with the intention to murder him, presumably them both both I, don't know. Gavin and the stories he was jealous of him. Yeah yeah, like I, had like thousands of notes on his phone that really infesting his love for maegor, something something. To that extent who knows but yeah he walked around the house. He I think he fired the gun once when he entered the house, which is kind of weird, like hey I'm. Here he kind of announced here. Your presence I mean thank God like that's that's nuts man, and then he couldn't find them. Cuz I hid in the closet and then he walked out and then he got shot and killed by the police. That is so I feel so bad for them. I'm gonna be honest after I heard that I've got a shot II, we don't, but you I've got it well. I have to tell you it's pretty easy to get one well, shotguns I, don't think shotguns are compared to like a Saul rifle or a handgun. It's like pretty much made for home defense. You can't miss you. Blast are asked to space. You can't shoot through your wall and kill your neighbor's child could, if you had slugs okay, but what is you're loaded with [ __, ], armor-piercing, explosive yeah, but yeah dragon's breath. No. My wall will collapse when I shoot once I think it's buck shots either buckshot or birdshot, but yeah, because at the time I was living with Anthony and we had another roommate. So I was like okay hypothetically. If somebody were to come into the house, I don't want to shoot through the wall and kill Anthony, because that would be you know very bad accidentally killed Anthony but in other words no man I, totally milk. It I think about it. So apparently, we've got Dillon on the phone here who was at the school in Florida during which is in zoom Dillon, hey? How are you you're on the line? Hi hi, hey, hey man, so -. So tell me about your tell me about your background. You you were in Florida during the shooting there, um yeah I'm, a Marjory, Stoneman, Douglas, student and I, was on the third floor and my creative writing class. When everything was uh good, I'm, just okay, how are you I'm? Fine? It's like it's very like surreal like so everyone's like kinda has like it. Don't doesn't feel like it happened, but more like accepting that it did mm-hmm. So you were on the third floor. I didn't realize there was like floors. How many floors was on the school um? Well, the floor in the school has like a ton of separate buildings where it goes from one hundred twelve hundred, it's pretty much like the size of the college, but the random or thousand-person. Oh wow, he smokes yeah. So you were you when you were in the building where it happened, and you were on the third floor and it happened on the first floor. It happened specifically just in 1200 building, okay and the shooter started on the first floor, and then the fire line was pulled, I mean his way up through the staircase and then turn all the floors, and so, like this whole conversation around gun control. Following that like what? How do you feel about it? Um, it's it's both important, but it feels very sort of just unnecessary at the moment because, like it happened, this is second after the shooting people started campaigning, for it was just felt kind of eyes and then, of course, like at funerals, there'd be like reporters. They go. What do you think about plenty control ones right, one trying to mourn, and so in that way it does feel kind of like screwed, but it's a little too emotionally for you guys, yeah yeah like coming out of it a police after I I can get behind, like people really campaigning for it by going down to to Tallahassee and all that sort of thing just try and like get that modulated or. However, people are campaigning it for it to be done. But do you do you agree with like I want to say your your fellow students who are campaigning like they're they're, arguing for a ban on a site rifles and raising the purchasing a dry? Is that what it is? Do you agree with yeah with Adam? My biggest agreement is probably with the age limit outside of everything else suggests: I. Don't really have Faceman American politics and really delivering on anything other than age limit yeah, so that that's why I'm like I'm, really just like slowly putting support and raising the age limit? Just that, because it's like a small step and you're saying like we think if we can do the smaller things, we could eventually work towards the larger things yeah for sure it's, it's all just a ladder path. That's what the way I like the parties work. We can't really do much because, like I'm pretty sure you have to be 21 for like a handgun, but things like full angles didn't get a 88 so strange out that yeah, he meant the weird part yeah yeah, it's really weird I had it. I did take because I was thinking about getting a handgun once and I had to take a written test and have a permit to have a handgun, but for a shotgun and I yeah, I, guess the rationale being the handguns are concealable and so more dangerous. But why is assault rifle somehow, like all happy-go-lucky, like hey salt rifles for everyone? That's strange I think it just has something to do with the fact that there's nothing that quality there's nothing that truly qualifies something as an assault rifle like a semi-automatic right weapon with 20-plus bullets right because it could be 20. It could be 20 rounds, it could be 30 rounds and be 10 rounds. It could be whatever, but it's still qualified as a rifle right, but then again, I, don't know everything so I'm, probably wrong. There's probably there's probably know how it works. Yeah well, yeah! Well, do you think the teachers should do you think if teachers had weapons that it would have made any difference for for you guys there in that regard, I feel like it would only bring more risk just in the way that the SWAT all right like legally, has to like conduct themselves, like, let's say a streamer get SWAT and they're like instructors like kill a dog or anything that could be like a risk leg. So if there's a teacher with a handgun, they have no way of telling us is going to happen under horde. That's sort of complex! That's a group, though you know that that's always been my biggest concern. There's also concerns as chickens not having to bring a weapon to school, but being able to take it from a teacher right and there's a lot of things like that and recently I. Think about maybe a week ago there is a armed teacher who shot himself in the leg going to the bathroom, but I think actually I. Do your point about like imagine the SWAT team going in, and you know armed teachers around every corner, there's gonna be friendly fire, yeah, yeah, absolutely so. I just think it's I too much of a risk to run I, really wonder why? What is the argument in favor of selling the ia ar-15 that it just seems like a military, cool, I? Guess the well people I, think people who argue in favor. It think that in the event that their knees they need to revolt against the government, they need to have a ar-15, I. Think I. Think it's also the argument. The I think it's also the slippery slope argument where they say. If you take away that, then they're gonna take away this and then this it's really just a matter of how you interpret the the law, it's kind of so open that it's unfortunate for everybody, but anyway, that's crazy, yeah, we're glad you're. Okay, thanks for calling and sharing your experience with us man and I'm yeah, we're glad ya and God bless. She did all right. My man, my my well, that was unexpected whoa what a trip! How did you verify that was real yeah because he said it's verified I'm, just curious. He sent his you sent pictures of his grades with his name and social security number. We just went on a verification, Wow. Well, thank you Dylan for calling in that was that I hadn't. Consider that that's so right, you can't have a freaking, everybody walk around school of guns and then the SWAT teams coming in at the same time, mm-hmm yeah. If there's a threat, they don't have time to hesitate, be like oh, is that a teacher or is it a shooter yeah? There was a yeah there's videos from the Parkland of kids, recording the SWAT team, clearing the rooms and there's screaming at kids that drop their phones because they came I mean major. How are they supposed to know yeah? Are they supposed to know? There's a gunman in there taking kids hostages, sure yeah. Definitely that kind of that argument alone, I think blocks the discussion down. It's yeah. It's not gonna convince anybody, though I'm, so when the President himself is pushing for it. What can you say? I don't know yeah, but at the same time, Trump is also arguing in favor of aid of raising the age limit to 21, so yeah, pretty interesting, I. Think I think he just wants to do what what the popular sort of thing is. So if everyone's, if everyone says yeah, let's, let's do that then I think I think he's gonna, say yeah. Let's do that alright! Well, let's listen guys. We've talked about Papa John I've talked about gun control. We've talked about a lot of really important issues and I think we've made it a lot of. We covered a lot of ground and now not to downplay this current one, because I do think it's just as important as all those I'd like to introduce to you and television show called my big fat pet makeover. This is just what I need it's a it's a reality show about fat pets and the owner and trainers, efforts to lose weight to further pets to lose weight. The best transition of content are facing. An epidemic is huge. Over half our nation's pets are obese Wow, oh my god that board that I'm Travis Orson for five Travis a fit guy and my pets are even better yeah. Would that be funny if he was a really obese? Okay? So here's the deal like I understand the struggle. People have to maintain their own body weight because your person and you make decisions for yourself. Just don't feed your pet. You [, __, ] idiot, just don't give it food like it's hard to say that about yourself, because you know we there's problems in the world and everyone's got [ __, ], I'm kind of in the support of fat cats. Also Garfield, hello, so adorable just don't give it any more beef, jerky little dog trainer in pet expert. The truth is fat. Pets just don't live as long her ideal body weight should be closer to 50 pounds goddamn they reeled out, like a cattle scale, put that support dog hanging from it. It's not just about helping pets. It's about getting the owners back on track as well. Pretty much give her food every day off of my plate. That's gonna, be a bad dog. Shredder owns us he's got us wrapped around his finger, he's just chillin back okay, no, it's gonna be a little fat boy. He's gonna, be no tiny. Well, usually my own. Only a lot I'm on a mission to helping decision pants. Make big changes. Can you imagine so this continues the discussion we were having, but Hauser's now shows for every flippin Mitch I. Don't want to see that I don't want to see the animals get skinny, though, because you won't know because animals are hilarious. Sorry, so durable I cannot believe. You've said that I'm sorry, it's an epidemic and you know I just can't I'm, just not fat, shaming, okay, I, like them the way they are. You know we I, don't know. If we talked about this, there's a show, what's the name of that channel with all the house, makeovers I keep forgetting Extreme Home Makeover, HGTV, H, H yeah, so there's a show on there now they've got a show for everything. They've got one with a black couple, one with a white couple, one with two gay dudes, and it's all this channel blows my mind. It's all building up and fueling this insane female fantasy, because they're all like couples usually and their husband is like a dumb-dumb he's like a dodo he's like a really fit guy who's. Just like you know best honey, I'm, gonna knock down this wall. You know best honey and it's like this insane female fueled fantasy of like having this, this subservient husband that just builds houses for you and you lip even my mom from she's. Like her dream, job has been to flip houses, mm-hmm flip or flop flop. Every that is a show yeah exactly the same. We made a cash offer and we got this house for $400,000 tore down the walls. There was there's fungus in the walls. Yeah I can't believe how much it's costing us. We signed it up, making a profit of $30,000 yeah I on to the next flip. I can shamelessly say: I've watched a lot of HGTV live at one point in my life, but it really is like they all follow a very specific script where it's like. We only want to spend this much when we found this house. Well, it's amazing! Oh no, this wall, you're gonna, have to redesign the whole kitchen. You notice that they say backsplash. A lot. Backsplash is very important when they're done and they like put the house on the market. I I'm, pretty sure they just bring actors to be like people are. Looking at the house there's no way a normal person will be the backsplash, really, the gray, really pops on that black spot yeah. Exactly docks like that, I think which one was it, love it or leave it. That was the one where they get like three houses or house hunters, these house hunters a lot of those ones. People came out, people that were on the show came out. They're like oh yeah. We already bought that house a lot of them like they. They had already bought the house and the they just made. The show like they were considering the house and considering two other houses, but they already reality show I, know well, my favorite isn't flip or flop. When they're like we bought this house for 500,000 and after costs and upgrades that we're at we need a seven hundred thousand breakeven we're gonna list it for one and a half million, and then at the end there, like that. Well, it's been three months in the house is still in the market. We haven't gotten any offers. Why I don't like [, __ ], you and your shitty flip job yeah well, anyway. The point that I had is that there's a show for every single person this show and then there's a new one on that channel called my dream lottery home where they go with people who have won the lottery rags-to-riches. It's like the female fantasies, off-the-chain! Well, that's just anything! It's just wish fulfillment, but I mean it's incredible. How they've like are tapping so specifically and then are also willing to come on the show yeah. My theory about that is that the lottery sponsors that show- and they have in the agreement that if you win you gotta buy a new house with these guys that'd be funny because how I mean how is it that they have this at show? Every week we just want a hundred million dollars, and you know a couple. Yokels I'm use that word whatever it's a great word. It's like a dumb okie, another great word I'm using well yeah. It is very derogatory, but I, don't think anyone will take too much offense that was yeah, but it's just like a bunch of yeah, no I I watch I was watching. That was like. Is this HGTV cuz? It's like shot the same way with like the happy like couple like we just want the best for a dog. Well, too bad. We found those a load-bearing wall and this dog we're going to redesign this whole dog, pretty much um gosh man look at this gift. We often think of animals, as you know, non-human watch this and tell me that human, the animals aren't human is this gonna make me, go vegan they're human, my dude they're, clearly not human, but this isn't a great thing to watch. Okay, the story is that this monkey broke his leg, an event took it in for like three weeks and fixed his leg. Here is the moment when the monkey is reunited with his family. Tell me this: isn't the sweetest damn thing you've ever seen in your life? Look at these little monkey, [ __ ] give him their little guy a hug. Oh my God. Look at this. Is this not heart, so the whole family comes out and hugs this poor guy? It's amazing what, if they're, just feeling him for warmth to see if they could eat them? This dude, like I, heard there's something there's something weird about dogs like when they lick when they lick you. It's not like a sign of love. It's actually something like really messed up: I, don't I'm, not a dog like that! Yeah! It's it's! Not it's! Not like! Oh I love, you yeah! It's like a dominance thing or it's some sort of. Oh, you guys are betas total betas, barbra streisand cloned her dogs, speaking of which have you heard about that yeah. She spent a hundred thousand dollars to Cologne. She made two dogs from her dog that died a couple years ago from its DNA and made exact Leopard history says who cloned her dog not once but twice yeah, so the Entertainer told variety that two of her dogs, Miss, Scarlet and Miss violet, were cloned from her 14 year old pet Samantha, who died last year. She says the cells were harvested from Sam's, mouth and stomach, but she says the clones have different personalities. Streisand has a third dog of the same breed, which she says anything about that I'm more, focusing on the way this woman's reading the teleprompter she seems like she wants to kill herself she's like Barbra Streisand. You know hey if you got the money and we all. We all know that stray sea does. Oh, my god, I was just curious. Cuz they're, like $100,000, that's nothing to her. I was like I, don't know how rich is Barbra Streisand. It's worth like 400 million yeah man, what I guess I missed the Streisand. He was a little bit before night. Connie I didn't know that she was so big. She was yeah she's super star. Is that what they call it? The Streisand of thing is that when you make 400 million dollars, yeah I could definitely understand people doing that. I wouldn't do that because there's so many dogs and pounds if you want a dog just go to the freakin pound and get a dog but yeah I have a friend her parents lost their little tiny dog and they, but an identical dog in a totally different state because they needed it to be just like the last one. So I know those people would do the same exactly. Is it a desecration of life to like clone a dog I almost like to revive it? And it's a strange thing: I didn't know it was already an option like yeah, apparently for rich people. You can just I didn't know that was an option. Wait so like a rich person. Does that for their kid yeah, yeah I, think that is illegal. But that would be a creepy day when that does happen. I don't think that humans have been cloned, yet that we know of that way. Yeah um. Would you clone little Fredrik? It's hard, I, love him! So much. Let's clone him! Now, let's have our army shredders in there [ __ ] it I'll pay. I'll pay I'll pay, 10 million for that take out a loan all right. Speaking of animals that watch this one for a while Boston Dynamics who make the life like creepy robots, then haunt our dreams. This is their new robot. Why do they have to make them look like they're straight out of half-life yeah like they intentionally harvesting my nightmares? What like make it in place? Tell colors just make it seem more friendly, yeah the death machine to see more friendly, put a smiley face on it. This this hundred million dollar robot opens doors. What a guy and quietly don't wait. Yeah. That was very, very, very nice. You wouldn't do that for a human though cuz they remember everything. Well, they definitely took the door opener job. Oh, my gosh, all those poor guys found open doors watch out, I'm jobs are going out the window every day. Now we've spoken about deep fakes on the show before hmm and how people are using famous actresses face to put on famous porn stars faces, but did you know that deep fakes are not just for pornography anymore? In fact, now they are kinds of applications really useful, elegant applications, for example Nic Cage, on the face of every movie star ever oh, yes, dr. Pavel, I'm, CIA, everybody's winking. You don't get to bring friends I'm, not my friend, oh, no, not everybody. Just him on the line. I was fibbing and why would I want them? They were trying to prize like bloated, Nic Cage. That's weird [Music]! You know like this is very confusing yeah. Why? Why only pornography why this is way more valuable to us? Who actually is that Tom? It's our support, Harris! This is all this is radar. Okay, yeah. This is this is what history should have and I love the pectin inspirational music - to go along with it all right. The world is changing my friends. It's weird: it's a brave new world out here they saw that they replaced Henry Cavill mustache, like he's like a 500 dollar computer and did it better than Warren about yeah yeah yeah. That's, that is true. Don't we talk about that shitty yeah yeah? He was he liked it. You did anything to say bet about it. Gotta have to be so bad, but we don't have anymore brakes. Oh I'm gonna power through this drinking. That's when you have to pee you don't drink yeah, but I've not really found that to be once I have to pee I. Don't think that adding more liquid is necessarily gonna. I, don't know! Maybe psychological but I feel like it's gotta make it worse. I mean you have to be right to an extent yeah, then some for some people like the hot food on a hot day. So maybe who does that crazy people? You know I read in Israel the Bedouins drink, hot tea, on hot dates, because it makes them sweat and it cools them down. That did not make sense to me because you don't need help. Sweating, hmm I called him a liar. They kicked me out out of Israel yeah. It was a bad day. I have a bunch of gifts here which is kind of stupid to watch, but I think cracking up so much this drunk guy at a party I couldn't even believe this was real. He's got he's trying to get to the bathroom and he's mistaken himself in the mirror, for somebody else that this guy is blocking his path and it's just no I've, never seen anything like it in my life. What so he's trying to let himself by he's like go ahead and now he's getting like I just when does he get? This is like a mr. bean episode of your laughs. Oh you I'm watching mr. bean. Oh, is he starting to realize it he's like? Oh wait, I, don't think so! No thank you! No I'm still going go ahead. Man problem buddy, starting to fight Wow. Oh, is it setting in yeah, maybe he's like? Oh maybe I've had enough to drink. Wow I didn't know that was possible. He's got like he's on like the monkey level of or even lower, maybe like shredder. You know like be that [ __ ] up, but you can still stand. Somebody said it must may have been a touch of dementia, which kind of makes it less funny. Oh, why do they have to make it sound like I'd make it that thing I'm sure it was just how gall, let's just so, we can enjoy it. This blew my mind a little bit. This is podcasts just turned into fun. Facts! I'm! Sorry! You guys you ever heard of. Why do you say it plan in Hebrew? Ela? That's you! Oh! That doesn't help me mm-hmm the most European languages. They call it like uber man or something aubergine, aubergine, aubergine, aubergine and everyone's like oh eggplant. Americans are [ __, ] idiots! Oh well, look what eggplants look like when they're growing eggs, this club so much! This was so great kit boga. So this dude I guess makes it a habit of messing with scammers on history and they set up a virtual drive on his computer because what they do is like. Oh man, you've got you've, got a virus or you owe the IRS and I need to get on your commission any computer and they feeling their. You know, files or whatever, and so he sets up this virtual drive and gives him access, and he has all these folders set up information because you're not having a protection on a computer. Okay, so he's got folders Bank of Qatar cords, memes, nudes and taxes, guess which one he goes for. First, a lot of people from naked mole-rats, I love. The first thing he does is great to the news. If it's on Twitter made him get me banned on YouTube I've noticed this thing on my phone, where, if I'm getting a call from a scammer now it shows up bright red and it says probably scammer, it's so cool yeah I had I. Had a woman call me and she started the phone call with hello. This is not a scam. My name is tell me everything. Yeah she's, like my name, is Annie and by the and again this is not a scam call, and it's like no well the the funny thing about that. Probably not it probably a scam warning is it makes me more likely to answer in a way cuz, I'm and Matthew I. Get intrigued. Yeah. Tell me more about this likely scam, guys this that's about it. What right, then, almost 5 yeah? Why, but are you free miniature? How that's blowing my mind? Well, there's a couple more videos: I want to go over. Ok I got some more stories. I put together a collection of the awful Olympians I, don't know how people so awful at their chosen sport end up in the Olympics I guess because, like apparently every country s best athletes go sure. So if their best athlete happens to not be able to swim, then so be it as it was the case with this young fine man here who was from some African country. Was this the one and also this great stuff after two false starts and everyone one of the hundred made is [Applause], probably a better swimmer than the clock is birdie. Now Hg he's getting so slow. Do you think he's starting to wonder like how long is this pool? I? Don't remember, I, don't think he's got. Coaches [Music] [Applause]. The world record was like 48 seconds to get two minutes, tough enough, so a parent, so whatever African country is from, they didn't send Olympians. So he's like hey I'm, gonna qualify and they're like you're. The best I think we got to go to a pool and try to beat his record we're actually pretty good swimmers. Oh really mm-hmm I mean that guy is really much healthier than me, though yeah but I mean hey I'd, give it a shot. Well, so that's one, that's classic as it gets. This was from the most recent Olympics and I. Don't know the backstory out of the gate. My doggy many men get it. My dude get it but I think this one actually isn't the Olympics, but maybe a qualifier mix or something okay, I, just I don't get the mentality. These people, like I'm gonna, learn how to ski. During an Olympic, qualifier [Music] you've got it. Buddy I put a little dissolve in there. He's got like all the professional I think that's the fastest way to ski is to walk sideways that hurts. Oh. Is he gonna bomb down this hill? Oh no he's gonna eat it. Yeah I'd love to see a competition between I love to see a bizarre-o Olympics with him and peers on his skill level. Yeah. It's almost like the WB superstar version of the Olympics I can relate to this too much because I I grew up cross-country skiing with my parents. It's the worst. Sport ever invented I, once game once and I'll never go again. Oh downhill, skiing is fun. I went with my friend and his dad, who are like skiing, superstars and I am NOT an athletic guy by default and they're like oh, let's go skiing, it's gonna, be fun. I'm like cool yeah, never tried it. They're like yeah, don't worry about it! We'll take care of you. So first thing they give me. First of all, they don't give me skis. They gave me ski blades, which is some hot new thing. That's in fashion. Oh, it's a tiny, yeah I'm sure, that's like you have to be kind of experienced to stop around on those right. Less stable, like go right down the bunny slope a couple times so I fall in my ass a couple times when I make it down and I'm feeling pretty good and they're like okay, let's go to the top of the hill and do and and go down together, I'm like cool that sounds fun, I'm ready. So they take me down a black diamond, hmm thinking back on this. How could they do that? To me, these were your friends. It was my best friend and his dad I think they must have secretly despised me they're, trying to kill you for sure, so so there's different levels of ski slopes, black I'm in his expert level and so I'm bombing down this hill is so [, __, ], steep and I'm. Just like I'm not going down this because you know you bomb down the hill and there's like netting, followed by a death drop and so I'm like no I'm, not like I'm scared. Out of my mind, so I'm zigzagging one foot at a time. It takes me like an hour to get down this hill. People are zipping past me being like a [ __ ] idiot are like it's dangerous. Frankly yeah. It's like driving down the freeway at 10 miles per hour. Why are you doing it and they're standing at the bottom of the hill waiting I mean I was awful they're like damn it. He made it thinking back on that man I. Think he's tried again. Do you like skiing I I am a snowboarder, but I was like bro yeah yeah, but I think I'm gonna give that up and start skiing. Whenever I get back to the slopes. I love you, let's go I want to get actually it's done, but we should do jumping up in Tahoe right now: brah I love the gear up, Northstar or Sugar Bowl or Kirkwood. Damn man, you know maybe we'll head up heavenly if you're feeling real bougie, I'm gonna go me and he's gonna. Take me down like a double black diamond man. All you gotta know is pizza pie, french fry all, you don't know pizza. What does that mean? Oh, is that like, because you have these skis and you want to slow down or stop you put your skis like this. It's a pipe pizza pie, you're, ready to roll french fries Raymond, oh yeah, I'll! Take you guys, I got you all. The sudden skiing sounds fun again feel like I, even through therapy and I'm ready for snow sports yeah, you definitely skied with [ __ ] and that's that's the number one I've always cherished their friendship. It was Kyle, my dear good friend from my childhood and his dad, who I've always loved and respected and in retrospect I think they wanted me to die. Yeah I took Anthony skiing one time and but they him and his girlfriend at the time they they were on the bunny hill and they were getting used to it and I was kind of I was going off with my friend, I guess: I wasn't being a good friend, because I didn't I, didn't help them and we're going up a ski lift and I see I think it was both of them and they were just bombing straight down. Well, we don't know how to stop so we're just gonna go straight down, they made it. They did one run and then wiped out. They were going we're good, it's terrifying, because you can just run away. There's like a real adventure. There is, and it seems when you're doing it, real danger. I, don't know how much, but it seems very real danger because you can always just eat [, __ ] and it's so you'd be but I, don't know how those drops, because it looks like you would die, but I don't know. If you live yeah sure you could die, you can find it right into a tree. Yeah, there's not generally trees in the bunny, no in the bunny hill, nor anywhere else really yeah but widely groomed, yes, trail exactly! Unless you're going balls to the wall usually have to work, I want to go, I want to do it. Yeah I'm gonna put some snow blades on you and take you to the top and give you a shove down the trail. I'm all I'm just plotting to get your MacBook Air. Wait what I wanted to toss your ass down? The Black Diamond and with her MacBook Air I, just be like got your back. It's an elaborate ploy to murder you for a laptop, well, try zips on down! So there's one other Olympic knucklehead, this guy's not really not clad, but it was kind of funny in the Olympics. Oh, the the lady that scammed her way into the Olympics. So what's the story you she scammed her away. What do you mean, or is that just a general statement? Well, she there was some sort of thing where she found out that as long as she didn't crash or something during the competition's leading up to the Olympics that she would qualify for the oh interesting strategy, yeah, she nobody told her. She would win or no one told her. She couldn't win. So she goes. This is like the massive trick, she's supposed to be doing like ten eighties and I can really do this and she's just cruising down that this is a routine which is impressive for, like the layman, but yes, the Olympics I mean I. Guess you'd still be a pretty profession skier to do how to do the halfpipe sure and she does a little. She does a little 360 too, but there she goes like oh yeah, my mom loop, when you snowboard and do you do [ __ ], some tricks. Do you Brian when I was 15, I was like I'm gonna travel terrain park. I want to see if I could start doing some jumps and hit some boxes and stuff and and then I found out that that that hurts. When you fail it and I'm, not I'm, not really big on injury, so either yeah yeah, so I I tried out the terrain park a few times found. It wasn't my thing fractured my wrist and that was done. Oh yeah I had a similar experience. My dad owned a bike shop, and so a lot of my friends were into BMX extreme building ramps and hitting fat air. They got the sweet knobs on the backs of their wheels sprout knobs in case your buddy wanted to ride for some reason: Oh another knobs were for grinding bag. Yeah well I hit a fat ramp, mmm and I hate, [, __, ] spectacularly and I never tried it again, which is sad, cuz I always thought they were so cool. They were, you just are I think yeah I want that's. That was what was said. I wanted to be cool. Yeah I did the same thing with skateboarding I bought like a 20 dollar skateboard from big five and I was like I'm gonna. Try to skateboarding thing cuz my friend had started doing and I think it was I, think I was maybe 10 or something and and our neighborhood the sidewalks sucked I hit a crack. Eight [ __ ]. It was like yeah, it's not my favorite game. I'm gonna be I'm, not gonna, be a skateboard guy. There's really I feel like. We are the same in that like the minute that I have any sense of danger and I'm all yeah I'm, just like I'm. Never doing this again, I'm, just a giant [ __, ] Riot's, no worth it not worth it. For me, my dad was the big risk taker and aren't you so glad that we never had to serve in a war? I would be completely worthless. Well, I mean it could still happen, nah we're too old. If they turn through enough people, I've got what is supported. Was it the Trump said: I got nice prints, man I got a I got a oh I bone. The bone spurs I got boomers. Man, yeah I got uh I'm fat. Does that an excuse? If you could maybe like link some sort of like athletic deficiency to that I? Don't know I have asthma I, don't know. If that would get me out, sounds good nice, a promising lead I, don't think they draft people over 30 I mean I, don't think, there's anything preventing them from I mean we're all registered. Maybe 35 is where they cut it off. I need it. You know what I think we're good anyway, I'm a giant coward, hmm and I would be worthless on the frontline, yeah and I'm very happy and actually I. Think about this. Often, how fortunate are we to have never been sent to that meat grinder during our lifetime? Vietnam just [ __ ], like vomit eyes, the whole generation did daddy. Thank well I mean we're still technically in a war the longest one ever so, which ones there's always time, which one is that Afghanistan? Oh yeah, they never draft anyone, though no, but it's still going on well, so there's always there's always hope. Even it's very big brother, it's very 1984! Isn't it that never-ending war, mmm I've, never I, don't I, don't read, I've, never read a book, there's a never-ending war! Oh! Is that what it is? It's weird it's I just read it recently, so I'm I sound like a [ __ ] like let me reference this book, which I've already referenced three times and oh you sound really smart in that book. The theory was that there would be never-ending Wars to waste resources to keep people poor, because technology gets better and we get more efficient. We had to find a way to keep the classes separated and to keep people poor, so they had ongoing war, so they could literally just destroy resources. Yeah, let's buy some truth that it's a book he's having a chicken crisis. Oh that this is much better news. This is a after switching delivery services, KFC in the UK were left without any chicken at all. Almost 700 of all the kick of KFC's in the UK were closed down with no flippin chicken to speak of drama and pandemonium ensued. For example, here I've got a hold a bunch of media about this chicken crisis. How careful? He was at the tape. Sorry, we are closed. The police have warned people stop calling KFC about where added chicken imagine calling the police about that. This is real. This is real bad. This, this tweet really kind of solidified it. For me, disaster took the grandkids out to dinner at KFC, a wonder, fine to see that it shut down. Some chicken shortage took them to McDonald's, but it's not the same. Crying I can't show weakness in front of them. I wish you would have kept it a little more straight because I but there's, but there's people that that get legitimately upset about that kind of so yeah I'm sure you plan your whole day. You go to kid. Justice in this world is frankly immeasurable, I'm just happy to know that it's not just America with people like that, it's yeah it gives me a little bit more more comfort, you know. Well, you know they framed it all [ __ ] up they're, like oh man, aren't you what'd, you do what'd, you do. I went to Burger, King and they're, like frame at all like this nutty lady complaining. Please have to tell people to stop calling here. This is a tweet from the UK Police Department. Please do not contact us about the KFC crisis. It is not a police matter. If your favorite eatery is not serving the menu that you desire. Are you sure it's not a police matter? The KFC crisis. Excuse me: I pay your salary with my taxes, I say: what's a crisis word I call number one you guys need to head over to rouse and get that chicken. The KFC I'll be waiting. At least the chicken is back. You'll all be relieved to find out, but if injustice couldn't get any any worse, gravy shortages are now over. The chicken returned. I mean that's. Arguably, the best part of KSC is the great school shootings, gun, control, yeah and now now this I'm expected stomach this. On top of everything, no enough is enough. You know, I was told when I was in Australia that there KFC is better, can confirm. Why I think it's a chicken. Do you think it's though Wow yeah I think it's the chicken that they get the that they get, that there's they're supplied with I think I want to ever been fighters. Is it more expensive there um compared to LA, probably not I mean the chicken specific? Oh, oh I, don't know I mean the alcohol is a lot more expensive in Australia. That's the one! That's the one place where we got him. You know they got cheap alcohol so much better than that. Everyone who goes to Australia's like loves it- and you know, as things are heating up with Russia Putin's bragging about he's- got some nuclear bombs that can't be shot down. I'm. Looking in to New Zealand's visa program, because post Malone is looking for a nuclear bunker, I'm looking for a nuclear, safe country yeah, nobody really hates New Zealand, yet who's gonna drop a bomb on his Iran does Oh Sauron got me got me like, but seriously. If there's one country, if bombs started falling, they would be fine, New, Zealand too big they're, just like they're chickens to deck. They can't you mean Australia ice too big, well, New, Zealand's close and they kind of smell like Santa. That would be easier. You know, there's gonna be too much fallout because there's New York there there's Seattle. There's all these cut. There's too much border drama, I, don't know I something with Australia. You think there will be the future. They just sound cool like there. It's like cool. Let's go, let's go it's real cool. Do you think that we could just move there just pay off some official? No there's, probably some I mean a lot of countries. I know I knew at least to get into the u.s.. They have like a special visa program where, if you can prove that you're a celebrity like an important, tell me more well, you got you guys are already. You know citizens, so you don't even need to worry about that, but of Australia no I mean in order to get into the u.s.. If you can prove that yes, like if you're, exceptional talent or yeah yeah I, don't know about Australia you're, not a lost ralien immigration lawyer, I'm still brushing. Why I need you yeah all right. Well, anyway, give me about a year we'll move to New Zealand that'd be fun. Let me stay any guess house. Are you worried about the stability of the world in yeah? It's gonna work itself out you're an optimist. Yeah I mean it's that or nuclear war and which case it's all: [ __ ] at yeah point of surviving yeah, although, like after after, like the the Kim jong-un stuff, started heating up I started like reading those articles that was like the best places to hide for the fallout. That tone is perfect. Yeah yeah I mean those articles were getting. Some serious hits daytime oh yeah, but then I was like thinking. I was like okay, so I need to like get to a place that has you know, that's underground, that you started scheming on how to save your ass yeah and I was thinking okay, if I'm at the office, they have an underground parking garage, that's better than then in my house, which would structure. Okay, it's like the 1950s again, though yeah yeah and also kim jeong-hoon AKA law rocket boy in the words of our great leader, he's can hit la yeah mm-hmm we're the only ones he's not gonna bump guam yeah. Do you think he would hit the valley or downtown, though good question? I thought about that. What would the boy downtown yeah doesn't I? Think I'd? Be fine first symbolism sake and also it's a financial sector I mean well actually I'll, probably just hit both I mean they probably got enough. You think they got enough. What Austin, post Malone has an out. He bought a house yeah I'm, not gonna, say we're obviously, but he's mapped out the place, not only that don't get hit by a nuke, but it's also safe from nuclear winds whoa. So what I series about this? Yes, so what I need now is like I need to train as a helicopter pilot mm-hmm, so that when it's like, oh, when I get that text like they got in Hawaii izip up and I, zip out mmm, there's no freeway [ __ ], there's no tunneling it's up and out like Superman, yeah and I'm like peace out everybody, that's a good plan. I would just be cowering in my house and just crying and wishing why I didn't prepare better, damn it Ethan with this helicopter yeah. Okay, can you pick me up bro, not that far away my man? What about you yell? Are you worried about the stability of the world? Mm-Hmm I come from Israel I got I got I got like a Korean uber driver one time during, like some of the hullabaloo a little bit before the nukes, the the new nuke stuff and and he's just like yeah North Korea, always just has a bomb and they're always just threatening and it, and he was like I think he was 40-something. He lived. He grew up in South Korea with that threat always looming and nothing ever happening. So his his whole stance on it was yeah. What can you do? Yeah dan? What about you is the world good -, we're all gonna end dan I, think I think it's begun. The nukes kinda begun all right. I have to pee, so bad I can't believe it's been over two hours already. You did it happy weekend. Everyone I asked you. First of all, I've saved this little nugget for all you guys, who've stuck through to the end, guess who's coming on not next week but the week after you'll, never guess, Bill Nye, the Science Guy. No, but it's weirdly, it's Bob! Saget! Oh, don't bring any children yeah. It's got a dirty mouth, Batman, yeah yeah, that's just I'm excited it's. So it's such a twist right, yeah, I'm Saget, and it's just like everywhere. You look so hard. It's a SAG I, don't remember the rest of the theme song for a full house. Hmm I, never watched lost I was a America's Funniest Home Videos, so that that week we have the live, show and Bob Saget is gonna, be who shows yeah gonna, be Reid's gonna, be a big week guys. Thank you. So much for watching I hope you have a great terrific blessed wonderful weekend. Just remember: Papa John is on hold right now. If you were thinking about getting to eat some pie, consider picking out pizza the official sponsor of the NFL, and hopefully whoever pays me more I. Have. How can you look that no pizza company has ever paid me still to this day like whoever's, it's some, some marketing pizza person, a little seizures, seizures. Yeah they're, not gonna, give you money! Now! You know DiGiorno you're, thinking too big man, you guys think smarter, too stoned does that still exist. Tombstone pizza tombstone sounds bad. It's like what it's like: yeah you're gonna die. If you eat fat, ass, Red Baron I eat that for many years, does your nose, not bad I, had a slice of that recently and it's real saucy and I was like yeah boy. Did you know I like that? Was Joe's Trader Joe's pizzas man? Those are the real deal. Trader Joe's frozen game is off the chain. All right see you next time guys thanks for watching.