Welcome everybody to a very special episode of the 420 blazin Angley podcast, there's nothing special about it and we are not smoking and we don't smoke and we don't encourage people to smoke because that's an illusion. It's an illegal activity and can get you in lots of trouble, not just with the government but with your parents. Today's episode is sponsored by on it me undies, hems and seat geek. This is um I'm super excited announced this on Monday we've got ninja the twitch megastar joining us leave your questions on the subarray he's coming in at 2 p.m. PST, I believe on Monday. This Monday I am freaking super pumped to meet and talk with ninja and then also I just want to say a very happy national walk out day, which coincides with 4/20, which is a happy coincidence. Right, let's go hey, let's go protest, gun violence, I'm blazed. How did they both fall in the same day? I, don't know also Hitler's birthday, apparently so Wow busy day Columbine happen today. Oh wait, yeah I was never clear. Was the guy who did the dudes? Who did Columbine? Did they choose Hitler's birthdays specifically or was it a coin? Can you guys research? Let's celebrate the biggest mass murdering [ __ ] that ever exists? Let's celebrate his life. Here's our favorite 4/20 video! This was by one this guy. It makes great content. I know if he's still making videos on your computer. This guy's, a great man he's, got some real classics: oh yeah, he was making videos back back back back in the day when we were just walking around shirtless. This guy was getting it here, enjoy this guy's it it's that time buy on your computer. Oh you're, never gonna believe what there you go. This guy's great check out on your computer, man, I, hope he's doing well. I wish him the best and I thank him for all the laughs and all the gaps and all the goofs and all the I'm, not gonna, say the G word to you, but that my head, it's uh, that video is so well timed with the mom walking the mom walking in and then imagine if both his watch and the microwave, because you know sometimes it's one minute off ruins. It did you ever. Did you guys celebrate 4/20 in his role at all, mmm I didn't even know about it. I don't know. Maybe people do. Did you even know people who smoked it all in Israel yeah, but not a lot, but I think everyone does smoke. I just was like ELA ghosts. Don't tell my parents that weed exists. He's like don't tell him it exists. We made that video about how we used to be drug dealers. She's, like don't show that to my parents. They don't know they don't know that weed exists. Oh that one was yeah, it was afraid of their reaction and then my mom was just she just didn't mention it I think. Maybe you think she saw it but was just like I, don't even know how to address this yeah. It's funny when I was in college UC Santa Cruz 4/20 was like the biggest day of the year. Really it's so ridiculous in a way like thinking back, like everyone would go out and there's this meadow, it's called the meadow and everybody from the whole school from the whole town will pour into this meadow there's. Thousands of people- and you would see the most obscene [ __ ]. You would see people who would roll a massive joint with like a pound of weed and there they would have like ten different shoots and like 20 people would be hitting it at once. The cops would show up and there they would be like I. Don't I, don't know what to do about this, because it's like a couple like five cops show up. This was before it was illegal. I mean this was like ten years ago. Now it was. It was before it was legal, but it was like. Was the T, not murder? Okay, we did it wasn't really a something that mattered, because it was just eccentric. Has a reputation like that glaze right, so the teachers participated. There was probably some, but when you have thousands of people out there and they're there peacefully exist you're, not causing problem its heart like what actually can you're gonna start. You can come out the riot gear and start like you know, clubbing people because they're having a marijuana cigarette, so the police handled it right, but like just this whole notion of glorifying weed, somehow I don't understand it, people don't glorify other drugs. Why does we get glorified? It's weird, it's kind of like you're in the club or you're. Not people think about weed is like this miracle. It's like a miracle like God God gave us this plant and it solves every problem. I'm, enlightened, I'm, chill natural, it's all natural just grows up from the earth and also it's it doesn't harm you, that's what they say. It's a perfect, beautiful, dress, I, actually I personally would say to people out there who haven't tried it, who will probably one day try it I would say, be cautious of this drug because I've been more [, __ ] up mentally as a result of smoking weed than any other drug I've taken and I've taken a lot of drugs and I'm not encouraging anyone to take drugs. You know make decisions for yourself, but of all of them that I've taken weed has been the one. That's like [, __ ] me up. The most I've had like bad trips on and just been like mentally in outer space in a bad way. Yeah I I also have trouble with it whenever I try it I just get like so paranoid and not I can't enjoy anything I just write, weird like but I think it really depends on the person. You know, yeah I think I wish that I enjoy like I, see some people who are like um, freaking, loving it, but I, don't know if it's real I don't know if it's real I think it through. You think it's real yeah I feel like weed is something you have to smoke for like a full decade before you can be like I'm just at peace. Now with this drug, the freakin blast me in outer space there's also studies. This turned to like the anti weed I'm not trying to like pain. You could I, don't I, don't care, do whatever you want. My parents smoked everyone, I know smokes yeah, my parents and all my siblings smoke on a daily basis. So I'm not I'm, just saying I, don't know why it gets put up on a pedestal like nobody goes and buys a bottle of like whiskey, and it's like yeah man. This is gonna cure. All your problems, dude you're gonna, forget about all your troubles comes at a price. That's a drug! All right out there. What about wine? Would they say that there's like a wine? That's a lush lushes! What a lush is someone who abuses wine no I mean. Would you do think? There's a wine like Club where people like idolize wine, the people are interested in wine. Alright, cuz, there's like wine collector is right, but it's more about February Jefferson has like a wine room in their house yeah, but wine isn't a well alcohols the drug, yeah and people, don't I mean yeah, but people don't fetishize it in the same way as like weed I. Think. Whatever this conversation sucks anyway to everyone out there, who is blaze, have a great time who's just paid taxes hey on to another topic: oh yeah, they said that the Columbine was a coincidence. Isn't that strange? It was a coincidentally on Hitler's birthday from the Guardian. The fact that the attack took place on Hitler's birthday was a coincidence. Boys had decided on 19th of April the anniversary of the botched government siege at Waco, Texas, okay, something else at least they're celebrating yeah. Oh wait! That's it! It says that it had to be pushed back 24-hour, oh so I should actually contain. I should finish reading, just lots of cherries, stuff, 74 76 people perishing in a fire all the good stuff. Okay, who's paid taxes. We did taxes, man, I, love, paying taxes. You know what I wish about taxes. I wish there was a receipt, because I paid we're paying now about is race it in like a hundred PDF with a hundred pages really of they tell you how you make your money yeah, they spent the money and that for you, that you paid I think that I should be entitled to know where my [ __ ] money went. Is that this would be great at this point we're paying about forty five percent of our income they're, making almost as much as we are, what the hell, what I want is a receipt I want to say your money was used to buy two missiles. You know three sandwiches for the president yeah the gardener's at the White House I, don't know, but like there should be a breakdown of like welfare. You know like infrastructure, military health care, I want to know I. Guess you can find online, but I'd like to know. Would it be cool if you could vote for how your money's spent yeah? So you pay your taxes, you say you, you give them whatever fifty thousand dollars in a year and then you get to choose off with your money like hey I, want to I, want this to go to health care. I want this to go to infrastructure and you can decide as a citizen, how you want the government to spend your money. Won't that be a cool way of like actually deciding what's important. So this point we're spending like 50 percent of our money on military I mean what what gives dude I don't even understand the whole military and the war here, because it's so weird how it's like you and war, but knowing something here, it's all over there right yours, because it will in Israel you feel when you're a poor. You understand why right there, but I was thinking that it's too, like recently, you I'm sure one heard the government with UK and France bombed cereal in retaliation for them using chemical weapons and I was thinking I'm sitting here trying to be like how do I feel about this. Like it's a good thing, it's a bad thing yeah, but then the the honest-to-god truth, I think is like who [ __ ] actually in this world that is so complexed I'm sitting out here and like my comfortable life out in Los Angeles, how could I ever actually know what what actually is going on there? How can I ordinary citizen, actually understand what the hell is going on in Syria and why we're bombing them, and why have we been in perpetual war for two decades? I, don't understand! That's so weird the concept. How can I know how can I know you I feel like to understand you would have to have privileged information, or at least spent dedicating like a full time amount of of researching this and trying to understand it and going there and seeing what it's like in Syria. You know, let's see, what's actually going on there, who the [ __ ] knows what they're like how can I have an opinion about it, people get so passionate one way or the other about like. Oh, it's good. Oh it's bad! It's probably bad anytime, someone bombs! Anything! It's probably bad it's just especially when it becomes like related to politics. I feel like no one knows anything except what their side right said on the news. You know right, yeah, yeah, it's crazy, I mean I, think we all have to understood the internet and all these back channels and all these countries, scheming and everyone's got I'll. Tell you our alternative motives. I honestly, don't know what to think about it. But the thing was that I found interesting was that Trump he was ran on this whole thing of being like America. First I, don't give a [ __ ] and he railed on Obama when Obama got involved in Syria yeah, and he was railing on Obama about don't get involved in Syria, and so it was just seemed I had a character that all of a sudden he's dropped bombs, because that was like his whole identity was America for, let's not, let's not be the police of the world. Let's let the world sort of sum up. I thought it was just interesting that all of a sudden he's so I wonder what did he see? What did he learn that changed his mind so significantly, because I know his base a lot of people who supported him were really upset with that decision from the bombs here and I wonder. Was there something he learned or saw that we don't have access to? It was like where he was like. This is important yeah who could know who can decide. They did bomb chemical from what I read: they'd, only bombed chemical weapons facilities and research, centers associated with the chem, the production of chemical weapons. They didn't bomb like schools or hospitals, or anything insane like that, and apparently they also called war Russia through backchannels and warned them so they could get their people out, which is a good idea, but that was something that you used to criticize -, all right, don't don't give in it's easy. You know what they say. The crown the crown lays heavy on the head mm-hmm, it's easy to sit in the peanuts gallery and [ __ ] all over this poor son of a [ __ ] in charge being the president. It's got to be one of the worst jobs in the whole. Freaking world mm-hmm that isn't, that is a job for a very specific unusual type of person. Especially someone can do it good Trump, love him or hate him. He was the biggest mudslinger ever another Lee's president he's doing all this, the same stuff. That Obama did I'm, not saying that as a criticism of him like now he's bombing Syria and he was saying to Obama, don't give away your plans ahead of time, but he did both of those things and I just makes me think that he probably learned something there when he understood. Oh, this is the right way to do it and there's probably just so many codes and things you have to follow right. That I wanted stuff I wanted an how much decision they actually have. You know mm-hmm, that's another. Who knows what the [ __ ] knows: I'm, just a guy, not even a political science. Major I read reddit like let's just be real with how how much we understand about what's going on this world you reading already is more than I. Do I, don't even I, don't even go there. I think we first need to acknowledge that we don't know anything because there's nothing I found myself doing this to so. It's fine happens everyone, but there's nothing worse than somebody who has an a basic understanding of something who's, just browsed that title and then we'll go out and argue in favor of that and I find myself doing that too, and sometimes I'll be like wait, I, don't what am I talking about I, don't know anything. We don't know anything, you can't that's natural I, don't know yeah, you can't just walk on it. Well, I, don't know anything so I can't say anything about yeah yeah, yeah I know, but but that whole drive to want to like defend your team is being used against us mm-hmm and now, like the Democratic Party is suing Donald Trump. Did you know that it just happened I? Think today or yesterday the Democrats are suing Donald Trump for for working with Russia to undermine the election or something I don't know. But it's like we've got everything so divided you, you almost forget that were were neighbors, we're living in the same country, but it's like all-out war, I, don't know what I guess! That's how it's better that way for everybody! It's like I, don't know! What's better well like the powers that be it's almost better right that that we're so divided in a way because you focus more on like how much you hate them, then about actually solving any problems. It makes you easier to control. This is just a conspiracy. I, don't know, but it's been like this for so long and no one's made any meaningful efforts to actually reconcile, and it's just two parties. It's not that complicated. You got one like our disagreements are not that great, but somehow everybody, [, __, ] hates each other, got CNN and Fox News and they [ __ ] hate each other. It's nuts I, don't know it's like bro we're all we're neighbors. We got it we're sharing. Like you know. The thing is like when you're in a hat when you were growing up and you get in a brutal fight with your sibling, you still sit at dinner, table together and have dinner and then the next day forget about it, but I, don't know how deep the actual hatred for each other is going. I don't know if it is or if it's like after the next election or maybe there's a president. Everyone like someone forget about I, don't know, I know how bad it is. It's hard to tell I, don't know anything. Look at me trying to get all [, __, ], serious conversation I feel like we smoked weed, I'm so blazed. That would be the wouldn't that be the best twist ever all right. Here's speaking of politics and all this [ __ ]. You guys want to see some scary, [, __, ], I I've been meaning to watch this for a long long time and I just haven't had the opportunity here on the podcast, because we have so many guests lately, but you guys probably saw this. This is just unbelievable talk about a threat to democracy and some real 1984 [ __ ]. Look at this Eastern Michigan communities. We are extremely proud with the quality that was journalism that CBS 4 News produces plaguing our country. The sharing of biased and false news has become all too common on social media. More alarming. Some media outlets publish the same fake story so a little background there. These are all owned by a huge conglomerate, media conglomerate called Sinclair and they started buying up tons of local news organizations and they starting to use them. They give them these forced memos that they have to read. You have to read this verbatim word for word, and it's just it's. This unbelievable propaganda, like the people who are watching these local news, don't know that there this memo is forced from someone upstairs who owns. It seems like it's an anecdote by these people. You watch it. It seems like that person is just it doesn't sound like they were all they would all be reading, something that was like. Why would they? This is a very personal collection with the local news. Those are your people right and so and and then even further they're talking about like one-sided news that is corrupting them. Ah cracy, all the meanwhile, while having hundreds of people read this document, it's like it's actual doublethink, you remember that concert from 1984 or you can both contradict yourself and believe it at the same time, wildin being aware, its actual doublethink, you can't criticize people for one sided, news and propaganda when you're disseminating this for hundreds of look, it's it's, it's actual doublethink, it's scary! It's! This is horrifying. Watch this [Music]. This is state media. This is like what you'll see in China or Russia when the when the government owns the median I have to say whoever edited this together incredible. That is a feat of unbelievable. So well like it's perfect, not just that editing but like actually finding yeah. The divide of all these morning shows that this must have taken unimaginable work to accomplish. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy, love watching all these Talking Heads. You don't even know what they're talking about or give a [ __ ] acting like they care. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. This it's like they're, all just doing an audition right right, the the balls, the doublethink, it's just actual double thing to make. Someone say this is a. This is a danger to our democracy while undermining it. It's on real. It's super scary. This [ __ ] scared the [, __ ] out of me extremely dangerous to her democracy. This is you get that yeah. She was good. She made it sound like she was saying it I believe that, but the that's what's so bad, it's like if you're just watching your local news. You have no reason to doubt these people and then it's convincing, because these are your people. You know all right. Let's take a quick break. We've got a ton of stuff. Please don't go away tons of tons of stuff huge I've got a one-pound joint that me. Neil are gonna smoke, just the two of us right after this commercial break, so don't go away guys we'll be Rebecca. Thank you, - on it for sponsoring this episode. The h3 podcast on is a fitness lifestyle company dedicated to being the best that they can be by improving every aspect of health performance and wellness a long time ago, in a galaxy far far away, workout equipment had no personality and was kind of an eyesore. We all remember that treadmill and live room. That became a coat rack or mom's dumbbells that ended up as a doorstop mom. Looking at you mom, that's changing right, goddamn. Now, thanks to on it a fitness and lifestyle company and the makers of the primal kettlebells I was like what is wrong. I looked up primal kettlebells! It's these incredible kettlebells with, like guerrilla bases, is really cool, but here's. What's going on now, ahna has developed a new force and fitness featuring equipment inspired by characters in the Star Wars universe. This is kind of insane that they got the license. Just Star Wars. Look at this, so here we've got the kettlebell of Darth Vader. Okay, this thing weighs 70 flippin lbs. You guys have never seen me, lift this much. How do they pack, how the [ __ ] do they pack 70 pounds into this thing? Man, it's crazy. So this is awesome. It's a Vader kettlebell. They also got a yoga mat when Han Solo yeah I wanted to show that. Can you bring that in real fast yoga? Mat they've also got one of stormtroopers in boba fett of different weight, so you can have the whole flippin collections, really cool han Solo yoga mat and the frozen Carbonite. Of course, here past that and a death star, slamball start slamball dude you slammed this [ __, ] I, don't know if I can slam it here. Oh that's pretty cool man. So if you're into fitness and Star Wars, fine you're loves for each of them. I personally find these products would be a total blast. Make your body a little more Han. So I'll make your body a little more Han Solo and a little less Jabba the Hutt. You know what I'm saying get them. These make the perfect addition to any fans, collection and any home gym head - on it, dot-com slash, Star, Wars and use promo code HD for 10% off your order. That's oh and then I t.com, slash Star Wars, promo code h3! Thank you! So much - on it for supporting our show making these cool ass products appreciate you. Let me just thank you to me undies. Ah man, what more can you say about me and these, except for this I? These are my favorite underwear by far I have always rocked me in these, because it's the most comfortable, it's the most breathable, it's the softest. It feels the best you can go ahead and take that call. It has got to take a call, but me and DS must go on the me and these parties must go on God. Just it cradles everything so nice, it's crazy, like I'm, just I'm telling you just try it it's so good. I was on Twitter recently, like somebody found a picture of me not wearing the image like oh they're betraying you me undies, as I only have only have 3 pairs. So me, Indies was like we got to fix that and they sent me like a ton of underwear and I couldn't be happier couldn't be happier this stuff's amazing like oh, oh, it's just underwear, just try it just try it and you're gonna understand that it's not just underwear, it's incredible! These boxers I, don't I, don't mess with briefs but try the boxers. In my opinion, you will never regret getting that pair. They are using micro modal in their underwear, it's sustainably sourced, naturally, soft fiber. That starts with beech wood trees and ends with the most amazing fabric. You've ever experienced. They have got 100% satisfaction, guarantee me undies guarantees, you will love their undies or your money back, just give it a shot. You're gonna want to keep it because it's so incredible. Here's the deal mandis has a great offer for our listeners for any first-time purchases. When you purchase my enemy undies, you get 20% off and free shipping. Give me a break mandis is so sure you're gonna love their underwear. They offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If you don't love the first pair, you get a full refund, it's a no flippin goddamn brainer and I'm pissed about it, because why aren't you getting in already get 20% off a pair get 20% off a pair of the most comfortable undies you will ever put on so to get 20% off free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed, go to Mandy's, comm /hd. That's me, undies dot-com, slash h3, and what I want? Is you guys to send me pictures I, want to see it you're gonna understand how flex won't breathable. These are I want to see your Fupa cradle, you know and and like I'm. Not even maybe this isn't a good idea when we're trying to have kids, but it doesn't feel that damaging. Alright thanks guys welcome back to the a free podcast thanks for sticking around I love you for that. I love you for that, can I say something: I want to say something everybody to. First of all, everyone who's been watching and [ __ ] in with the podcast I just want to actually express my deep felt gratitude and appreciation. We recently started making h3 videos again and I hate talking about it, because I just I hate complaining about it in general because it's been talked to death, but we pretty much don't make any money on YouTube now and the podcast is our primary source income. Now, thanks to our sponsors and everyone who sports us on on Twitch- and so you guys have got us to the point where we're stable enough- that we can actually enjoy making videos for fun and so that we can have them. So we can make videos with you for you guys I'm with you guys and not worry about the fact that, like we're not actually making money from doing it, and so to everyone who supported us here, I just really want to say a big big, huge, huge, huge. Thank you. It honestly means a lot not and I really appreciate it. So damn you had that queued up like I was thinking about that. Today, we've enjoyed making h3 videos lately and a large part is from the stability we get here that we can do that. The podcast has been like our anchor or I. Don't know what to call it yeah so anyway, it means a lot. You guys thank you all for for hanging out and actually for giving us the opportunity to like learn how to do this, because this is like our 62nd or 63rd episode and I and I've always heard from other podcasters and I'm learning. Now that it's true that you really don't know what you're doing with podcasts until like the hundredth episode, I, believe you know our first episodes were so rough right and like it's pretty challenging logistically, but also mentally, like to talk in front of the camera for an hour. Love live and then learning how to prepare. There's a lot to and and just knowing how to interact with people yeah. It's something that I've struggled with and I sit down, have a conversation with somebody you're boring. Are you trying to be too funny? Are you trying to be to find you need to calm down now? You feel quiet, it's like it's crazy thing and in any way, thank you guys for giving us the audience and for giving us that the chance in time to improve at it as well I, don't think we're good at it yet, but yeah we're trying guys. We spoke previously about laptop wars, because Milla dropped a cool $3,400 on her wack book err. I, don't know if I announced this, but we were saying that we wanted to find a competitor to the way. Yeah we've talked about it, but did I say that razor reached out yeah. So we were talking about this previously and razor, followed me and DM me and they're, like yo, I, think I'll. Let walk you up so razor sent us two of these dirty dudes and what is this called Dan? It's called the razor razor blade razor pain, [Music], vamp, straight-up, Vampire Slayer. They sent us two of these dirty dudes and a bunch of gear and I was so stoked because I actually do think after researching it that this is the best equivalent to the wack book that you can find it's a it's a roughly the same weight, mm-hmm, it's very slick and slim. Here's. The big differences I've only been using it for a couple of days, so I'll check back in a little bit, but I've been using it. We did some tests and stuff. So let me let me break this down for you guys out there, this laptop the razor one costs beta approximately $1,000, less this one's on sale for $2,100. This one costs about 31:31, ah yeah! So here here, here's where it got real interesting. We did one basic function: that I thought was super important Dan put a like a 12-minute or like a four minute, clip into premiere and loaded up a ton of effects on it and we rendered them on both computers. These are both top-of-the-line and Dan. What was the do you remember how long it took to do. You have a written here? Yeah it's in there yeah the the razor beat the Mac. By about what is it almost six minutes, yeah that it took the it took the razor 12 minutes to render this clip and and the wack book 18. Now that that to me is one of the best benchmarks that you can do in terms of editing computing gaming, rendering an effect heavy clip and the razor I would say crushed on that test. It absolutely crushed and it's got adult $1,000 less, but there are other things worth worth being considered here. The mousepad here is still unbeatable. The Mac Mouse is so [ __ ] up it is so good, like I can't get over them. The Mac mousepad when I started using it I was totally obsessed. We got this thing is perfect: [Laughter], that's like the Bilbo Laurel up and down its runs perfectly, but the part that gets you the most moist and bothers is when you can click anywhere like on this on this and other mouse pads, you have to lift your finger and then click on the clinic does a sensor yeah, but on the Mac there's an actual click under the mouse pad. Yes, so the whole mouse pad is clickable and it's big its massive. Now here's the problem backlog being the not the technologies that they are, they packed it in the mouse pad and the click on the mouse pad. So nobody else can do it. But that being said rate this, this one's, probably the best I've seen the that works, really really good. It works is good, just good, so that I'm in love with, but it doesn't have to click and it's smaller. The screen is 4k. This one is not 4k yeah, but it's small. Yours is a touch screen. Yeah, it's a touch screen. I can't decide how useful Advisor Mac has the best speakers. The speakers are incredible, but what I'm wondering and like I'll keep using the computers like the Mac, does have a Polish but I'm just wondering cuz. $1,000 is a lot. It's a lot for raw computing power. This is this. Is the winner and no I. Well, I'm gonna keep using it I'm. Just saying it's been, it's been an interesting day already. I didn't know what to expect with that with that render test yeah. That was pretty pretty bad for the what act? What did you expect when you ran that oh I I thought the Mac will win I I expected the razor wind, the the main things would premiere. Cuz Premiere gets accelerated by Nvidia cards and they don't put in the video cards in those Mac books anymore. So are you and are you indicating that, if you're using a different editing software, the results could be different, I mean in final cut, since it's Apple native I mean you can't do a one-for-one comparison, though also Final Cut is garbage fight me fight me, twitch, jet, no I, don't think no one really uses so anyway. We're gonna keep comparing, but like it's. It's really interests me a thousand. The thing is like the Apple is really a status symbol. If you walk around with the Apple, girls want to [ __ ], you and guys want to be you, but with the razor in a way. It's like. Oh look at this gamer. Look at this gamer carrying around his gaming left up when you go in to play. World of Warcraft nerd like there is a there, is a level of that and I guess, that's just in the branding that that apples accomplished but razors making a move here. Mmm-Hmm alright! Well, we'll keep checking in on that real interesting stuff. This is all idle. Curiosity! It's not really an ad to get YouTube. This is not that I'm not paid we're not paid by either of them yeah. This is just fueled by my hate of Apple I might as heir to be like, because I went to ela got it. I was like this is the best laptop I've ever used? How can there not be another laptop out there? That's disco and doesn't cost thirty four hundred dollars. This one isn't cheap either twenty one hundred bucks I so far, just from my personal experience with it, I have not been disappointed in anything. No, the Mac is amazing, so you just open it and you use it. That's it updates. Yeah I, don't know, install drive right and when I watch porn, I don't even get like worms that like steal my identity, they just infect my lungs I love that that was a selling point for a long time about max. You can't even get you can't get viruses when you watch porn and and rip [, __ ] was that huh, because most people use pcs, so I guess virus developers didn't bother to target Mac I, don't know if that's true anymore, I feel like that can't be true. I feel like bloatware and AD. Like viruses is kind of a thing of the past. You have to be kind of a dumb-dumb to get a virus on your computer. These days, I guess because you haven't, you have AdBlocker Windows comes with a wonderful virus protector yeah I mean if you're going to like get money, quick dot got got them and you don't have ad block on you're. Probably gonna get you're. Gonna get got once the last time like. If you go to a porn site, and you don't have ad block on it's, just like, oh, my god, using a block for so long by the way. I have it disabled for sites that I love, okay, some sites, you got to put it on because you're just not insane. It's like going to a brothel and having sex. Well, the prostitutes. Without a condom. It's like it's just insane. You have to wear protection when it's necessary. You know so on YouTube I, don't I, don't I'm, not gonna get an STD on YouTube I, don't I don't there, but if you go to like a weird porn site to because there's like reputable ones and then there's like weird ones, man that [ __ ] is a out of this world, but as people get older, when, like our parents, I think those are the ones who are getting infected still yeah when they go, it's gonna be a weird new world. I, don't want answering emails from like hot singles in your area, yeah Nigerian, Prince's I mean you get an email. Your son is here with me and he lost his wallet and you know that should so crazy someone actually scammed. My grandma yeah I told you that story. Yeah I was in college. This was 10 years ago. Somebody called my grandma. She knew he knew my name. He knew enough about me, my birthday and everything, and where I'm from to convince her that he was me and that he was in Mexico in a prison and needed her descent to his bank, three thousand dollars to bail him out. There's so many questions like. Why are you calling me? You have parents, you have siblings, you've it, but he got her. He got her. Okay, we had a company event on Monday. That was probably one of the funnest days in history. We took the whole gang out, the Teddy fresh crew, the h3h3 crew, everyone here and we went to Disneyland and we did this thing called VIP tours and it basically is like the golden ticket to charli's factory. It's the funnest. It was like the funnest day ever know. What do we have pictures of that? There's pictures on Instagram. We were all wearing red, Teddy, fresh beanies, and we can't recognize so much because well, it's hard to miss and also I was, like hey, come say: hi yeah, but it was the frickin faun his day, so you basically get to skip to the front of every line and there's nothing more. It's a it's. A feeling of both like oh I, feel this is like straight class warfare, but also there's something thrilling. Really, it's a really treat yourself yeah. It's a treat yourself, there's something thrilling about cutting in front of little kids at Peter Pan's house waiting for two hours, the little kids rides with horns. I felt the guilty. Yeah, like you were right. You straight-up, walk in that exit. Everyone's been waiting, there they've got their hand they're, holding him back for like an hour plus for this shitty ride, and we were walking straight up. The exit and I swear to God I didn't do it, but I felt like this is what was happening. I'd look at him and spit in their face and get on this little tiny little children's ride and be like peace. Not only that, but you can also say you know what I want to do this right again and then you just you, can ride a ride. Two three times at Space, Mountain spaceman has the craziest line. Ever there was eight of us. We had like a whole coaster and we're like we want to go again or our tour guy was like you guys want to go twice and it's like obviously yeah. So you, first of all you cut in the line and everybody because Space Mountain has got like all these rows going up and a rafter up, so everyone's watching these clowns with red beanies walk in the egg that I. Oh, you know what I don't figure that people think it's like a VIP thing where you just pay more people are mentally yeah. Is that Disney? If you're in a wheelchair you get to go in the exit, they just thought you were disabled, they thought they thought. I was [, __ ], we all got the beanie. So a group of we're all make-a-wish I have seven cares. So I think it's more of a um. The looks are more of a mixture of curiosity and help like [ __ ], those guys. But when you go on and you come up, you come out. You had a great time. Your eyes are watering from laughing and screaming and cold air blasting. That's time right. These guys are waiting two hours. That's like again, you get so fast right! That's the weird part! It was almost like a case study of like how wealth and privilege how you can get used to it so fast, because the first two are like exhilarating. You're like this is incredible. This is so amazing. This is so much fun by the third one and towards the end of the day, it's just like I remember. We had to wait like two minutes on guardians of galaxy and we were all like what the [ __ ] is like is. Are you serious, like you're, actually gonna make me waiting on line with these plebeian scumbags? It's real, interesting yeah, how you get used to it, but I do think that their suffering is part of the joy of the experience of seeing everyone waiting in line. Guardians of the galaxy is so fun that was insane. Oh, my god, we got on it and it's like you, sit in a room in front of like a screen, so I kind of thought. It's one of those where you're just sitting in art or what yeah watching a movie would like effects and stuff mm-hmm completely. Not I've never been on a ride like that. It's a giant building and it is like Star Tours in that you're, watching something and you're in a little like row with people, but the actual row catapults up and down incredible distances, and, oh, my god, is crazy. Lydia our product manager for production manager for teddy fresh was like yes screaming bloody murder. Man I was I, didn't eel was clutching on for dear life. That was great. That was fun. That was a great day. Pretty much lost my voice. Then next day I was like I'm from yeah, so tired, honestly, and then, if you guys, are boarding a plane to go ride to Disneyland bear this story of mine. Southwest passenger paid $8 for Wi-Fi to Facebook live final moments during emergency landing, just kill your joy Oh God. There was this story, I, don't think. I've heard this a Southwest flight, the engine just straight blew up midair and the woman sitting next to the damn wing, which is me every flight. How do I always end up in the worst heat on airplanes, where it's like right over the wing and so loudest? Most obnoxious place feel like I'm, that and that seat every time. Well anyway, so this woman, the engine, blows up the window next to her shatters, is open to the elements and she sucked out of that pitch, sucked out halfway people go and they pull her inside the window and I really she died. She died from her injuries Wow, but she was almost halfway sucked out. They tried to resuscitate her I. Did the thing about like airplane crashes, always trips me out whenever I'm on an airplane, I'm like this would be the worst time ever for me to die, because whenever you're on an airplane, you're, either you're doing something important, you wouldn't get on an airplane unless you were doing something important, either going on vacation you're moving somewhere you're going to see someone that you haven't seen a long time, it's a life event when you get on it on an airplane by by the nature of it for the most part and I'm always like this is the worst play time for me to die. If this plane goes, it's the worst time for everybody, that's the scary part about dying a plane crash as much as anything. It's like always the perfect and worst time for you to die. The most ironic death possible I was ringing about this couple. They were flying this airplane that disappeared from like it was going to Thailand. It was this really crazy, one in the Southeast Asia I, don't remember and just disappeared. They didn't find it like. Five hundred people perished and there were writing stories about the people on the plane, and it was two couples, two old couples who were retired and they were going on their first trip outside the United States. It was their dream to go to Thailand and, after all, their lives. Leading up to this minute perishing on a [ __ ] airplane, like wow, is just the most effed up way: yeah man. It also reminds me of just what we just watched last night with 60 minutes: hmm they're talking about this airline company that, like they just keep cutting on their expenses by making their pilots not do all the exams properly. That was I forgot. What spirit? No! No! No look up. 60 minutes last night about of air was their main story about this airline. That was basically their business model, was cutting safety they're, the one of the most probably agent, all Allegiant, yeah Allegiant yeah. Their business model is literally cutting safety regulations, yeah one of the most profitable ones, and everyone like in the in that field of the you know, Airlines and whatever everyone apparently knows that, and they know not to fly them right. That's great yeah deregulate right, but these guys sort of deregulate everything is such [ __ ]. When you realize that there are companies whose business model is to cut safety features, it was pretty scary. They had three to four times more midair failures than other airlines. Anyway, this one we got sucked out of window, that was that was tragic, but apparently the air that the pilot landed. This [ __ ] with one engine working she landed. It was a female interesting at 170 miles per hour. She landed that [ __ ] airplane good job. That's crazy! Pilots are crebbil, I, wonder how underpaid and underappreciated pilots are hmm. Do pilots make a lot of money from fly for Airlines? Can you guys look up the median salary for a like a generally the one, much rougher commercial? They they make good money. I know a guy who's, a retired American Airlines and he has a very comfortable. That's good I want them making money. Can you tell me what's the median Ellery, can you look that up yeah we're looking up? That's good I want those guys making my hundred K okay, 105 ka, that's the median, so that's some more, some less God balsam yeah. Finally, someone's getting pay what they deserve. [ __, ], good friend of the show yeah boy sky rally, its Martin shkreli trading fraud, kobe increase the price of drugs, 5,000 percent got him I don't mean to take I, don't mean to revel in his misfortune. He was denied. He had requested access to a minimum security prison and the judge to straight-up denied him, and at this point I I saw that I was like wow. This is just revenge at this point, I kind of feel bad for the guy. In that, because he's not a threat like other prisoners, were they afraid of Martin shkreli? Is he gonna troll control his way out of prison? He might he murder he's like the Joker he's, like yeah, some advocare on bait relative to uh, send the prison into ma'am um I'm, starting to feel bad for this guy for Christ's sake going to prison for such a long time. Man just made a couple memes, either close the cell, lock him up, throw away the keys boys guys, let's take a quick commercial break. It's this one's gonna be quick and dirty so don't go away. We have a literally a 10-pound joint that we're all gonna smoke when we come back to celebrate this 4/20, it's literally the sizes of this table. So please don't go away, appreciate you and I love you, let's get so it stay tuned. Do not leave please I! Need you Dan cut me off. Thank you too, for hymns for sponsoring this episode of the H Street podcast. Did you guys know that 66% of men lose their hair by age 35, that's kind of insane, although in Israel yeah everybody's bald as well, it's kind of insane I hear I'm, surprised. Yeah people have big beautiful heads of hair, but I guess it maybe starts receding by that time thing is when you notice that your hair is leaving your head, it's already too late. It's much easier to keep the hair you have than to replace the hair. You've lost. Is that hairline slowly starting to move backwards any bald spots? Yet that feels mean they made me read that they're, like did you, everybody sees its bald I, don't know, but I heard sleek. They can receding. Hairline, less distinguished I've said this. Previously Bruce Willis he's a superstar. You just have a hair on his head. I agree and I want to tell everyone who's kind of balding. It's not that bad like I know we're we're waiting here. A solution for you, but I also don't want you to feel bad, but what's the other option, what are you gonna get hair plugs that's expensive, who can afford that Steve Steve Carell I, wonder how much that cost. You guys notice how Steve Carell between like season, 1 and season 2 season, 1 he's receding like crazy and season. - he's like found that Fountain of Youth he aged backwards. It's like magic, the one that he's got really good but like when you see people on the street like they're, just they're, some that are really mad or I mean hey. If you, if you don't believe in in trying for hims, you could just tattoo a hair on your bald ass head, like fouseytube, did okay and that poor guy man, that was a rough decision that wasn't a good decision for him. Don't tattoo anything on your head and unless you have $50,000 you're, not getting hair plugs, let's focus for names, com, a one-stop shop for skin care and hair loss solutions for men thanks to science. Baldness can be optional. That's that's a beautiful thing! Thank You science Ames connects you with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat hair loss well known generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions to help keep your hair no gas station counter supplements, prescription solutions backed by science answer a few questions a doctor will review and prescribe products are shipped directly to your door. That's pretty special I mean hey. If you you know, if you're, if you're worried about your hair falling out, give it a shot. Why not? For Christ's sake, you know I know a lot of guys are insecure about it, and I can only imagine the horror that that that horrible moment when you are shampooing your hair and it's just like what is that pain is how many know my hair was really long like when I was young I had like really long, hair and I. Don't know if, for some reason, but I was shedding hair much more when it was long and I remember when I was showering once in shampooing, I was I came out from doing my hair and there was tons of hair my hands and I started freaking out when I cut my hair. It stopped happening that happens to me, but I can so I can imagine how you feel water. Now our listeners get a free trial. Sorry, our listeners get a trial month of hymns for just $5, pretty much free right now, while supplies last see website for full details, this would cost hundreds of dollars. If you went to a doctor or pharmacy so go to for hymns, calm, HD, that's fo, r, hims, calm, /h, 3, 4, amps, calm, /h, 3, 2, get started for just 5 bucks today, give it a shot. Why not? Thanks for hymns and we've got C geek everybody's favorite place to get tickets mine, certainly thanks to seat geek for sponsoring this video. If you don't know, C kick is a ticket app for live events. Nba concerts, post melona, whatever you want they've got it I personally love using this site because it first of all it's easy to use, and they have these wonderful things that I've not seen anywhere else for one. You can see a view of this seat where you're sitting so say, you're getting a Dodger ticket or whatever. So you can actually see a view from the seat. You know exactly what to expect and they put a score of 1 to 10. Green is good. Red is bad to let you know what kind of deal you're getting, because they have retail and they also have resale on the site. So maybe you want to go to an event that was sold out and someone's reselling you can see how good or bad of a deal you're getting based on the history of the price of that ticket. Give you all this wonderful information. You can't get it anywhere else. As far as I'm aware I haven't seen it I love them they're good company, they they're great. We got a hook up here. This is unbelievable. If you use code h3h3, you get $20 off your first order. Just click the me tab on the app and enter code h3h3 for 20 bucks off. That's damn just eating the cost there just straight up, giving you 20 bucks to go to your favorite show. That's incredible! Deal click the link in the description to download the app use code, h3 HD for $20 off your first SeatGeek order, I highly recommend them I'm, a big fan of them and thank you so much seeking for sponsoring the show with that being said, let's go welcome back everybody. Did you all hear about the Wells Fargo's, some deep, doo-doo, deep, deep doo-doo, my friends they're being charged a billion dollars from some government agencies because they defrauded people? They were learning mortgages and car, auto loans too? They were overcharging, people knowingly and what happens as a result. They get charged a billion dollars Wow. So the bill of the billion when I heard that I was like great, do the people they scam get their money back. So it turns out they've, they're, gonna, repay 128 million to the auto scams. They haven't decided yet what they're gonna do about the mortgage scams? But it's like here. Here's the problem with these evil scumbags, these CEOs that run these banks to just [ __ ] pillage the whole world. The government, for whatever reason, has chosen that not to prosecute these criminals. These absolute human parasites there's proof that they did, that knowingly, knowingly Wow and so since, especially the big collapse with all the loan ding, the mortgage thing, [ __ ] that caused all the collapse of the economy in 2008 it was nobody got punished, and so now it's just become. It's just become part of the equation of their business plan. They says we can overcharge every person, a thousand bucks and maybe we'll get caught and we'll have to pay the government a billion dollars, but we're gonna make five billion. We're gonna make five billion dollars and you know: what's [ __ ] up the government makes money from it. They've made pac people, but guess guess what they're gonna keep half a billion dollars for themselves. So it's almost like they're in this racket, together we're gonna scam. All these people, and then the government comes around is like I got a wet, my beak, that's insane and Wells Fargo. Recently they had more drama with them. Opening bank accounts people, yep they're, opening savings accounts and checking accounts without asking anyone, and then they would accrue penalties. Isn't that beautiful, there's another layer to this too? You know I think, as over twenty thousand cars got repo'd because of the overcharges. What do it? So? That's irreparable damage to people's lives, yeah, the [, __ ], your credit and it's all [ __ ] your job I mean you lose your car. You you what that's rock bottom, that [ __ ] up your life in a lot of ways. These people are so [ __ ] evil. And what happens? Is these evil [ __ ] when they retire or they get fired for the scam, but they they pocketed like 100 million dollars, they get to go, get a job in Washington regulating all their friends. That's what it seems like because our government is run by such [, __, ], cowards and by the way Donald Trump mr. drained the swamp. What happened mm-hmm? What swamp is being drained? Who was going to prison for stealing a billion [ __ ] dollars from hardworking Americans? Why are these people not going to prison for life when one black guy concealed a mars bar and go to prison for ten years yeah or just sit at Starbucks? They weren't actually sent to prison, but every American wants to see these soulless evil. [ __ ] put in prison, so where's the justice. There's not one American, you say hey this white collar banker stole a billion dollars. Should we go to prison, every no person is going to say yes, but somehow all the regulators, and even the president, he has the authority. He could say lock that [ __ ] up. Why is the swamp not draining? It makes me so angry and now they're talking about rolling back the regulations of all they put in place of 2008, really put on all these regulations on banks to make sure you couldn't have all this [ __ ] scams again yeah and they're, taking them away, they're, removing them now those [ __ ], oh my god, they're so evil. How much money do you need to make? Why do you need to scam people for an extra billion? Your bank is already worth trillions of dollars. Why I don't understand that level of greed, like wealth is useful to an extent if you have a billion dollars? What what is an additional dollar worth you? What does an additional billion dollars worth to you? I? Don't understand that greed? What drives you you psychopath I, really don't know it's like this home. All these companies like this airline that will just save money by putting older everyone in danger. You know not doing all the checkups they're supposed to do just to save money. You know what it is like. How do you sleep at night? They find really beautiful creative ways to just fight. You know what it is. A normal person like where were were rich by by comparison to someone who's making $30,000 a year, but like real, rich we're still normal people, because real rich is like billionaires, billionaires, spend money on a level that we cannot fathom. They can sway the result of elections. They can throw 50 million dollars at an election and actually influence it yeah. So, in that sense, having that much money is, is unbelievable power when you can just throw away fifty million dollars and run an ad on every single television set in the whole country. But it's like I man. These people are playing with fire. Dude I swear to God sickos man. That's crazy, I! Just don't know why it's seriously so depressing to me. It makes me lose faith in this country that none of these bankers have gone to prison, not one of these spineless cowards, thanks, peanuts, I feel like. If this was another country, someone would go well, there was I meant there was similar scandals going on in Europe and and and other places in North America and they went. They went to prison, but our guys got off clean. You don't even know the names they're, the greatest thief's of all time. You don't even know their names, it really it's upsetting like the greatest villains. Ever and as long as you pay the government, a couple hundred million you're good to go and do it again: [ __ ] man yeah. Let's watch a fine video. This guy cracks me up. This is a classic, but I have not seen it since recently so mate, but it gave me a [, __ ], big away. It's 4/20 right now. It's 4/20 on 4/20 4/20 was gonna, be stuck in that this guy, absolutely cracked. This guy just said black hole and a perfectly like he's saying, like the state funding is being sucked up like a black hole, and this guy goes excuse me excuse me: can you imagine actually asking for an apology, yeah serious there's, a follow-up clip that I want to play by can I get an apology watch his reaction he's just speechless. [Laughter], oh great, so I was like well what the hell was that and then I saw there was a follow-up video somebody interviewed him later on about this issue and he doubled. He double downs man. He hold the black hole, big time quiet. You got more volume. You can do this. You got more of I pranked it I'm crank to where is the volume? Can I get a volume? Why is it so? Damn quiet your crank time, cranked cranked and fully cranked right now, she's, my mouse there. It is: are you cranked, bro we're all cranked cranking all day we can boost it in post right, give a lot yeah we'll have to yeah it's a real low right now, you're super loud! That's what the guy says in a real I love that his he somehow just like black. In any context, this is great and look that he has had time to reflect on it and he's doubling down on it. That's like me getting upset that somebody's like says: jewelry. Excuse me jewelry. What is that because I'm greedy, because I'm Jewish, that, like jewelry jewelry why'd, you harp Jew harp? Well, that's yeah! That's just insane I can't believe it an instrument called a Jew heart. That's not ironic! Mm-Hmm! Have you guys heard of this movie out right now: Jumanji I'm, sorry, the raw Kevin Hart. Are you serious? This is in theaters right now, Jumanji unbelievable I demand an apology from the president Wikipedia. You know turn in the you know, astrological scientific term, but I mean there's. So the next thing you'll be telling me is that you know Black Friday. You know he keeps his obsessive, Black Friday, but Black Friday is great. Black Friday is great. Everybody loves Black Friday, everyone knows black, not like astrological, but you're, the one that uses an example every once in a while. Something with black will be good, you're, the one that brought it up you dip. Why does that mean? A black hole is a word singing a noun black holes are known black gold, the last top blackboard writing on the blackboard, and sometimes it's the context in which things are used. It's the user. It's to use it right, I mean you say now to change name to white money. Well, they changed white money or do do something with fried white christmas' dreaming of a white Christmas and skies grits, indicating in terms of the society. Oh well. No. We talk about I love, this I love. This philosophy, like I, reserve the right to be offended anytime. Someone says black, no matter what the context is. That's like a superpower, man, super social justice, I remain I, retain the power any time, someone at utters the word Jew within a word or were itself the next time. You see. Jumanji expect my face to pop up and be doing this. How dare you support this criminal institution? Don't you remember the Holocaust and now you're here watching Jumanji? That's a science term yeah! This was a story that gotten the might this story rattled my DAGs in New Zealand. They say when they want you to hurry up. They say rattle your DAGs. They call dingleberries the sheep, have dried poop, this form around their [ __ ]. They call them DAGs so and they want you to hurry up. They say rattle. Your DAGs is that great I love that youtuber faces jail for video, forcing homeless men to eat, toothpaste. This guy sounds like a real piece of [ __ ]. Let's read this article barcelona-based youtuber faces up to two years in prison over video in which he fed Oreos filled with toothpaste to a homeless man and joke. They would give him long overdue. Clean King, Cotton King guac in that was racist for me, known as resset to his more than a million subscribers film himself, giving filling the biscuits with toothpaste and replacing them in their back and their packing before feeding five of them to a homeless man. He ate five without noticing there was toothpaste in it yeah that's he was hungry or maybe he was on drugs. He was drunk. This is a good flavor of toothpaste. Maybe maybe it was dank. Maybe it was good, maybe he's like I. Don't remember, Oreos tasting this way, but this is good. As the 52 year old man ate the cookies resset jibed, maybe I've gone a bit far, but look at the positive side. This will help him clean his teeth. I think he hasn't had them clean since he became poor I love that that association of just like you're broke now somehow I, don't know this that whatever resset 20 year old, originally from China earned more than 2000 euros from YouTube for advertising link to the video, which was viewed at thousands of times, doesn't sound like a lot thousands of times. According to court documents reported by Spanish daily, he now faces a charge of a crime against moral integrity. I was like whoa, that's a crime in Spain crime against moral integrity. This thing was I mean it's pretty pretty wild law with Spanish prosecutors, seeking a sentence of two years in prison in order to pay thirty thousand euro to the homeless. Guy, that's sick for the homeless guy, the homeless dude was originally from Romaric. Romania said he was ill after eating the toothpaste filled, biscuits I got sick after five minutes and threw up he related explaining that he had not known who rested was and came to fear for his life. It goes on. It gets even weirder after the video drew immediate outrage, resset returned to see his victim the following day and made of another film asking him how the biskits had gone down. He said people exaggerate over jokes in the street played on beggar's. When surely, if it's done to a normal person, they wouldn't say anything I, don't understand that statement. I mean yeah. Mate I mean first of all, that's not true, but you're, preying on the defenseless and that's what makes it so. [ __ ] up mm-hmm! That's like going and kicking a puppy. It's like he's a defenseless old homeless guy he's vulnerable yeah. The youtuber said that and his follow-up video to defend himself [ __ ] psycho as a contravariant in you to grow ressa and a friend again visited him with a camera with the intention of spending the night with him, at which point a witness called the police. So these guys were actually being so disturbing. With this guy, they were gonna spend the whole night that a passerby er called the police, so I mean there yeah. It sounds like they're just harassing the guy at this point, desperate to like make himself not look like a psycho prosecutors said that wrested had later deleted the video and offered the homeless man 300 euro for his silence in an attempt to reestablish his image and integrate himself with public opinion in great ingratiate rested, who is currently on bail awaiting judgment previously offered sandwiches filled with his cat's excrement to children and elderly people. The court heard that part really got me hard, 9, that's so much worse, yeah yeah this got the homeless guy said he had never been treated so badly on the street, adding that the bar, where he vomited after the incident, regularly helped him with food and clothing, guys [ __ ] hell. This is this is like the real dark side of YouTube is like that. Room is really green. What is going on that room is so green. What the hell it's just like, actually giving little Psychopaths with no moral. Well, it looks like a kid yeah. He looks really young but like I mean three times is a charm man, yeah I feel like if I do that a young age I would do it without thinking and thinking it was funny and then I would feel really bad afterwards, like wow, that was psycho I used to do [, __ ], as that like as a kid be like, and then in retrospect that was psycho of me yeah, but to do it three times, but it's crazy. Today, cuz you can have a youtube channel yeah. It makes it way worse because they're doing it for the attention of potentially millions of people and being paid for it. That's kind of the trouble YouTube's in right. Now. How do we curate? How do we not pay these [ __ ]? Alright, it's tough! It's a tough job anyway, [ __ ] that guy god bless him, though pushing best, don't [, __ ] with homeless people, yeah I never got that it's so lame and the like I, don't know all this. It's like it's such a phenomenon on YouTube and it never ends like. Here we go now a kids and still making videos about homeless people. I thought we were done way down: yeah yeah. Those were the days man back in like 2015, there's like this homeless phenomenon, where every prankster they're just like free extras, right, right or or free stars. They are like the star of it. Yeah like a whole cinderella story, yeah we're at the end they're back on the street, and he made a bunch of money, best cinder, Loureiro story ever where the fairy godmothers get paid at seven or Ella's back in the basement. Uh man I got more videos to show you guys who wants to watch more video. Save me. Thank you. I can't hear you guys at home. If you did say me, here's a clip of what the [ __ ] is mail-order. Bride goes in for the kiss at their wedding. Okay, seen this one, here's what I don't get about a guy who's willing to do a mail-order bride like here I, don't think you even need volume for this. Your your only look at that make you better and just enjoy this. The vision of this Ronald Reagan- oh well, you just vomited, she looks like she's pushing 50 but she's dressed like she's 16. Maybe 18 I shouldn't okay, so as a guy who's willing to order a bride from Russia. You understand that you cannot find a woman in America and that a Russian girl is coming for the explicit reason that you're American and that by marrying you, she can get a green card. So I don't know what kind of men like that. It's just weird to acknowledge that and go for it yeah. That's the last option for these people and I think they also rationalize it in different ways like I. Remember, seeing some documentaries about this stuff and they're just like I, don't know that they are helping them in a way to get out of a situation like the lady is probably in a bad place. What she doesn't want to be he's saving her. They say yeah, it's like, but still just so. He thinks that they'll they'll gonna, like a preet like you're, my Savior yeah, it's weird man, I, would I would be interested to find if any fruitful relation lasting relationship ever happened as a result of their like. Well, here's the beginning of one turn that up yep yeah this guy's names. He looks. Why does it look like he's on his lunch break right now, Melton from the office base he's definitely from office base yeah. What would you say you do around here? Damn she's a champ she's a champ. She wants that green card, real bad, so I, don't I, don't know it's all interesting thing. I said: I can't really make fun of these guys there. It's desperation like oh lucky me, I got a wife. You know like. If you sometimes I, don't know love you can find it in many forms, I mean if, when it's explicitly a mail-order bride, so do they. They really get a green card like so no follow-up or checkup that this isn't legit. If they really are married, I'm living together right there there there are certain checkpoints in immigration, but it's possible. They have to come with the intention of like we're dating and I'm coming to be with them, so she enters on a visa and then and then, if they get married. During that time, there is roads to getting a green card. Although you have to you have to avoid as much possible showing that the intention was to come to get a green card, because that is illegal, but I. Guess it's hard to I, don't know it's so complicated, I, don't really know me and ela. We were trapped in Israel for so long because we wanted to move to the US, but we just read that it was so much safer and smarter to do it in Israel. So immigration knew that our intentions were pure mm-hmm to apply for a garden in Israel, because if we move to America and then got married and then applied from America, it looks it looks more shady and I. Think at that point. I may have had to like stay here for a few years without living. I was one of their fears, but I know a lot of people who that happen to, and they don't have a problem. So I don't know Stephanie a hard procedure and to get the green card yeah it's brutal. It is brutal. Um, let's see what else dude you guys sprayed this [ __ ]. This kind of shocked me I'm, gonna, read this article about fulfillment fulfillment centers having slave-like conditions where workers are are pushed to be so productive that they're peeing in bottles because they're actually afraid to take a bathroom break. This is an America that sounds like like conditions and sweatshops and China did it the more I learn about chip. It's a really big price thing to hear that about Amazon. Well, what it says in the in the article is that it's not just Amazon 75% of fulfillment centers yeah. It's just the way. They run these things, although Amazon should know better. They shouldn't, but I thought Amazon created this atmosphere where everything has to be delivered tomorrow. Yeah they did, but also Jeff Bezos is worth nearly a trillion dollars. So hire a couple more people, so tape. That's what I mean about the psychopath, like the richest man in the world right he's the richest man in the world. It's like so pay an extra ten million dollars a year and hire more people, so people can go the bathroom that doesn't even come close to affecting your bottom line. When you personally are worth a trillion, [ __, ] dollars, yeah they give an example of the workers, for example, will be working at the top floor in like a four-story building and to have to go to the bathroom. They have to go all the way down right, so obviously they would take them forever and the gate they get paid by sending a certain amount of packages an hour like that they give them. You know target goals that they have to do and they also they recently kept raising it too. So it's like doubled from where I was when they started get paid by their productivity, so yeah they have to well it's like. If you don't, then you get you get a strike, yeah and apparently also women for getting sick or whatever bring a doctor's note. I, don't know they can't make it to work, they would get a strike for that it's like did. We need unions, we need unions, people who think we don't need regulations that we can trust the the the market to regulate itself. Bro, it's not happening, it's not happening unless you're, a billionaire that doesn't benefit you. If you know anyone who's working class, they're, getting [, __, ] slam, dunked on by some psychopath billionaire, so they're peeing in bottles. By the way, the more I learn about like stuff, the more I suspect, I, just I'm, so skeptical I. We work with China on Teddy fresh, so I started to learn more about. What's going on there, they get and then there's there's other stuff to this. Okay, that's not that simple, but they get in China a month off the whole [ __ ] country takes a whole month off everything shuts down. You cannot work with these Chinese factors for an entire month and the whole country is on vacation. Meanwhile, in America there's this canoe, always here, like oh man, sweatshops in China they're all getting worked out to the [ __ ] teeth. Meanwhile, they've got a whole month off and we're pissing in bottles to just remain productive. There's no mandated vacation days, there's no mandated sick days. There's no! There's like 12 days of pregnancy guaranteed. Can you imagine having a baby and coming back to work 12 days later? That's what a lot of companies expect that always blows my mind. Israel you get you get a minimum of three months! First of all, and then you can, you can up, you can choose to like what you call it postpone it or right make it longer up to nine months, and you still have your job. My sister is only now going back to work after nine months. So and Israel is kind of like the first three months are part of like second world like like is yeah. The first 3 months are paid and you can keep your job and take another additional six months and Europe it's even it's even crazier and I. Just it's! This American attitude is it's a sickness of like we're all just temporary embarrassed millionaires. You know this sickness, that's like I got mine and [ __ ] everyone else. It's so [, __ ] up in China has better working conditions. You guys I'm sure like I'm, not you know the sweatshops and the horrible stuff you do hear about. China I'm sure exists, they're, not saying that it does yeah, but, like you, don't you don't hear that they get a month off right. Imagine Americans! Don't know that if Americans knew that Iran was getting a month off, you think they would be [ __ ], happy about that. These guys running up and down peeing in bottles getting paid like what $15 an hour. It's crazy, oh and and I was learning about Tesla their factory. They do this. You know. Well, Tesla factory has an awful reputation of just really really. They do [ __ ], where they they shut down the factory for a week or two weeks to modify the the assembly line and they force everybody to take either they force them to take their paid vacations or they don't pay them. So it's like yeah and it's it's like you are responsible for them. They work for you full time, I understand that you're under financial strain, but you hire someone full-time you're responsible for their well-being. You can't just cut someone's mana this money off for two two weeks, so they think that happens all the time they have to close their. They have to close the factory factor anyway. So they're like they say you can't you yeah you. If you have to take vacation days or you don't get paid and they probably have like what, if you've worked there for a while I mean God knows how much they give there you're not required by law. To give any, do you think it's a boy using people at Walmart and Kmart, and all these [ __ ] shitty jobs have vacation days. They don't have any I was talking to someone recently. It was our movers we moved recently and the mover works full time for this moving company. He says he gets no vacation days, no one. He works his ass off every day and he can't miss a day. Cuz obviously he's got bill sees a family and [ __ ] and it's not a high paying job. He has no vacation days. I, don't understand it. How like? How is it that in Israel people have better like I, don't know in Israel, everyone feels like you're being [ __ ] over by everyone right, but it's not I. Guess you have at least the minimum I think is 12 vacation days. Yes, twelve is the starting point, but then there's the maternity leave and there's a you get health care. I, don't know, there's a lot and stuff the health care there is affordable. Everyone got it. Yeah, I. Think a problem is that there's so many people in America, like Israel, is like five million Israelis and greater is in like non-palestinian Israel same with with like Europe, you have 300 over 300 million people in America. I, don't know, there's something about it's just how America is so driven by money. Yeah everything is so, like you said, all the billionaires. They affect everything by dropping like fifty million on something mm-hmm and they lobby Congress, to prevent laws like in unions in the [ __ ]. It's depressing man. America has the potential to actually be the greatest country that ever [ __ ] existed. Man there's so much potential like honest to god, people, people people would take what I'm saying some people would and say. Like your aunt, you hate, America or something like that, which is insane I. Think people like Bernie Sanders and socialists and people like that who more appreciate models like in Sweden and Norway in Scandinavia, call them unamerican socialism's on American. Why I don't know it's? It's crazy, they're liars about it. They say. Oh, the Nazis were socialists. Okay, all right well enjoy the non sick days that you get and no maternity, no um. Let me read this article. Actually I meant to read this: it's real interesting title Amazon warehouse workers, allegedly paying bottles to avoid punishment, while Amazon is known for revolutionary ecommerce with its quick delivery system for a variety of products, its workers allegedly sacrificed eyelet time to meet the company's demands workers in the UK. Oh, this is in the UK. So what the [ __ ] did I just talk about this particular order of goal is about a UK one, we're looking at another one that was talking about in Arizona. It might even be the same article that just further down they're, saying that um that there that's [, __, ], interesting, that's going on - UK jail, it's just Amazon man, they say places in Europe -, they Amazon, warehouses, they're just kind of hell holes. Since you brought this up. A lot of people have been in the Twitter chat, saying that oh yeah, whatever for Amazon and stuff, really it was the worst job they ever had really yeah yeah. Do you know that, under that beautiful facade of like Amazon Amazon, we loved it underneath that beautiful sod is just like human pain and suffering? Let's be sure to remind our viewers that they can subscribe for free with Amazon - a tribe. Thank you, Jeff Bezos, um God. Keep me out of the warehouse guys. Let's slammed that subscribe button for free, yeah, I, don't know what what's going on. Jeff seems like a decent guy, so I, don't know why you wouldn't care more about having good, good um conditions anyway. God will work him out yesterday, I've got it loaded up on my ps4 and I gotta. Tell you it's what I want to be doing right now we're going tomorrow, - Jax, Jax films is getting married tomorrow, yeah I'm super excited, it's gonna be fun. We went shopping, we got some nice clothes, we hate it and we're in it. We're gonna wake up early and go shopping. I hate shopping for dresses, I hate it. You look good, get that white down: okay, really mm-hmm yeah! We were joking that I should roll up in my Gucci tracksuit and a little white gown, so that will suck up all the attention of the whole wedding. Nobody will notice Jack and Erin suck it up like a black hole. Oh I'm. Sorry, can I okay dan we're gonna, need a public apology. So sorry, anyway, that's about it for this week. That's it remember guys. Ninja is on Monday, it's gonna, be great. Sorry, I shouldn't have done that out of all I did that I'm reading right now that so many things SpaceX [ __ ] over engineers and it's one of the worst places to work. I don't die as an engineer. What's the [ __ ], because he let the great pyramids, do you know how the great pyramids were built? We marvel at them. We think they're, beautiful, wonderful things today, straight-up human slavery and death, and today, when we build big, beautiful things we get, we have to get as close to human slavery and death as legally possible. That's how you build great things: slavery and death. I! Don't like that, what we're getting better! If you want to look at it like comparatively, like it's getting better and hopefully in another 50 years, it will be even better. You know in another 50 years it's going to be robot zipping around building pyramids and we're gonna be lounge and we'll all have our own robot sex robots and our VR goggles it's gonna be a-okay. Is everyone smoking weed right now and all right? That's it! Thank you guys hope you had fun. Oh thank you! So much for watching it. Hey. Where can people ask questions for a ninja next Monday, the subreddit? Oh, what's up did I not say that I? Don't think you sorry guys? That's only gonna! Let me check make sure it's up there. It's up there, you [ __ ], [, __ ], see people were studying, but everything in the question cell, okay, fYI, didn't exist. What game would you be streaming? How did you find fortnight is Drake your favorite rapper? Why did you say the n-word got it? What what did he say? The black would he say, black hole by the way. I saw that ninja n-word controversy. It was the dumbest [ __ ] I ever I want I washed it like five times and I. Couldn't even legibly hear him saying: I, don't even know the story yet! Well anyway, it's completely blown over doesn't matter. It happened a while ago that about does it y'all, yeah, buddy deputy. What's the porky pigs I know that'll better better. That's all folks, I, don't know crushed it. Give it a minute ever did I. Did it ma'am I, believe it's a baddy baddy baddy ever D ever DM yeah yeah that sounds right. Happy happy ever D I would be a that's all folks how hyped for beer, bongs and Bentley's I'm just reading from the chat, I'm super super super hyper I heard his one single stay. They did during the Bud Light thing and it was like so good sounded amazing and soon awake right, yeah, it's coming up, I'm gonna hype, it for sure alright, y'all, you know. What's funny we made the video where we were backstage with posts Malone and his [ __ ] record label claimed the video I was like you and I told Austin I don't and like I disputed it and I told him, and then they came back again what the hoods but play, and then they got me to the point where I would either have to get a strike right. You basically challenged him to a game of chicken, really strike me I, dare you or they can release played that and I was like. You know what [ __ ] this I hate these companies that try to muscle they're like I, don't care who it is it's funny, because Austin clearly wouldn't want that. Obviously I mean I went there and I we promoted him. It's like the opposite of copyright. Infringement yeah, well I wrote in the because you have all these options to say why you're disputing it and I said I was literally with no artist, you know, I have the artist permission, yeah watch the video idiot and then they they let it go after that. Thank God I thought it's funny, though. Even I got a I got a compliment you by the way on you're slouching. This is like left the frame. It's the end of the show man. My mom give me a [, __ ] break it's Friday, my dudes! It's funny. Can you see my head stuff? Yeah you're a little in you started the top of frame and we've we've almost lost you I'm not going anywhere [ __ ], all you, you would think I'm going somewhere. Everyone knows that I'm staying smashed like I won, who know who everyone who's real one who was right or dying knows that I'm not going anywhere smash subscribe and keep me out of the fight. Anyone who wants to lock even in this position right now, click a like with a little axe, yeah. What smash like to lock in your answer? Ok, what else I've ever played got a war but I'm looking forward to playing the new one, I heard like it's insane, you didn't play the the old school ones, mm-hmm they're good yeah. This one is supposed to be like out of the salon. Stirpes yeah Master, P silicon masterpiece, I've been trying to I've been trying to die, I mean bread or I've, been on the keto, the keto diet, cracker, you don't I, don't stand the keto diet, they're, like ok for breakfast, eat eggs and cheese and bacon, deep, fried and coconut oil, but whatever you do don't eat an apple. Don't eat fruit, I'm like bro. That does not it say. Ok, if you want to believe that good luck with your diet, like there's some simple basics, I, refuse to believe that that Apple is not healthy for me than bacon and cheese and eggs. Deep, fried and coconut oil, maybe I'm wrong. It's like I understand the logic of the bay six of it, but then to add bacon and to remove an apple. Don't need an apple. Whatever the [ __ ]. You do because you'll get out of your KitKat. A toaster state. Alex said that to me crack me up doses. It's like a it's like a heightened state. Apparently, when you are really strictly following Kato, you go into ketosis, which is a heightened state of awareness. There's a lot of comments here. I lost almost a hundred pounds on keto before it was cool, it makes sense as a weight loss by the way yeah I agree, I mean I've been trying to lose weight. I've been it's been actually good for me, because I I really can get down with like steaks and fat and eggs, and all that. But bread is hard but I'm doing. Okay, mostly I, think just not eating processed food and trips and stuff has made a big difference. It's just when I heard that don't eat fruit that I I took it personally, because I love fruits dad come grab the camera [Laughter], but, like this whole thing, I'm like don't eat fruit just seems fishy. To me, I see someone who said you can still eat some berries, I. Think I, don't like that. No usually definitely eat a lot of berries. I! Don't like your hesitation about some berries. You can have three berries. You can have 10 slices of bacon, 20 pieces of cheese and a New York Strip why'd. You say: I can't hear you, but you can have three, only three berries that you go out of: ketosis [Laughter]. What were you indicating right now down this way this guy's talking about? There is a thing with people who have left SpaceX for Virgin Airlines. That's a thing like I left, my ex for a virgin cutie she's, so hot she only eats three berries a day: she's Steven, a catatonic state all right. Let's end this hope you guys had fun, we'll see you on Monday with ninja right, everyone out there freud's, don't forget to blaze and play God war this weekend and wish jacksFilms and Erin a happy wedding and a beautiful life are the two young lovebirds [Music] [Laughter], all right, just kill it for Christ's sake.