[Music] welcome one and all to the h3 podcast experience we're trying to compete with Joe Rogan over here hell yeah. My theory is that a podcast can never compete with an experience. He's got an experience right, so I'm trying to even the playing field a little bit you needed sea, weed pills or something yes, I need some kind of supplement. Experience supplement. Thank you to hims a Felix gray, an audible for sponsoring us today, and if you haven't already guessed today, I would say our group, arguably the most successful youtuber of all time, Oh Bieber, Bieber, yeah I. Can't there's no argument. No number can we say number two, no I, because, like the idea is that like, if you make stuff outside of YouTube you're, more successful, I, don't think that's true I'm saying like there youtubers make way more money than me may not agree more people I mean I, don't think it's like you know it's legit and successful. Just because you, you know, in my mind, I feel like it there's some truth to it. If you can escape in a way it's almost. It is an escape because it really frees you like what you do with your comedy. Acts is kind of not compatible with YouTube. You think kind of I don't know well, it's like, maybe maybe not the whole stage and the lighting and all the coordination and my appearance for a year yeah. Well that that's really why I left are not left I when I was you moved on I just wanted to do live stuff, I mean even when I was posting. The early videos like I just wanted to perform on stage I was doing theater. That's what I wanted to do. Even I was performing those videos like I'd, be like I, really want to go to stage with these and then I performed them on stage and if I had posted the video it wouldn't get that much of a reaction realize like oh, if I didn't post this stuff and people heard it for the first time in the room is, was it was exciting, so well, I didn't introduce you Bo Burnham, okay, basically, I would say one of the most beloved called me acts for the past decade, including two of my favorite. What and make happy on Netflix you see both are Netflix. What's on YouTube yeah, what's back on Netflix its back, it's everywhere, it's everywhere folks and he's just written and directed a new movie. That's out today on limited release, right nationwide in two weeks, yeah, New, York and LA, and then it'll be out somewhere else eighth-grade which, by the way, is getting rave reviews, 98 percent on Rotten, Tomatoes whoa. Let me hit you with the sounds: actually 99 now whoa they raised it. You're, like you know what 98 [ __ ] that yeah yeah 99 ooh. Can we get it to 100? Can we off that one [ __ ] loser? No, we can sure no yeah can you and the interns on it. Here's where he did he's up two words: you know not you're good I would tell if he had a book hanging. It's all good. I went I, went like you and with that I'm free, but it does have 100% in my heart appreciate it. I went and I saw it last night, it's very kind of I missed the screening and I absolutely loved it. You missed the screening, I missed the screening, so I went saw it last night: okay, okay, okay, how? How are you feeling about it? I mean the movies out. It's getting rave reviews, it's getting, rave reviews, I'm, feeling great I, won't, say: I'm really grateful to be here, I'm a fan of yours either a fan of the podcast is true. You know and though I haven't been like posting a lot on YouTube I'm, watching the [ __ ], all the time really yeah. All the time I mean, like my main relationship with the Internet, is as a viewer and as someone just who do you ask who do you of frequent like who do you like you're, you know you're one of the few people, like it's very popular, that I watch I mean I, don't know if it's like getting to me, but like ila I, it's sort of what the movie ended up being like I love people on the internet, then no one's watching, I love the review review, bruh, I love to review bro yeah yeah report of the week. Oh yeah he's yeah he's a legend incredible yeah, but I really love like people on the internet that no one's watching so I'll, often like search something and then view it by upload date. Oh yeah I mean you're a d gritty yeah, so I love deep dives like there's this dude who's, a hoarder who cooks hot dogs on candles and it's very nauseating. Is he have character or is it just the it's the intrigue of it all? Does he have character like it's? He very entertaining or no more bone chilling. It's chill! Yeah yeah yeah, it's like him like. Can we should we give him a shout-out I, don't know his name and I. Don't know it's not lawyer yeah and it really is like he takes a tour of his like hoarding house and he cooks like he calls some sausages and there's a video of him making sausages and peaches. It's aptly incredible. We could probably pull it out, yeah, it's one cooking sausages and it's really not yeah Ian. Try bind us the hotdogs and sausages, or the P calls it sausages and peaches, but it is most certainly hotdogs. Okay, but no I, just like I I, don't know, but yeah I watch them from the background and I want to talk a lot about that. But first I want to ask like what was your motivation almost for writing this film, because it's a departure, it's kind of a surprise, to a lot of your fans of like oh wow. Where did this movie come from it's very specific yeah. Every -, with a very specific narrative like you, had a purpose so I'm wondering what was what motivated you kind of to go that route. It was like it's about a girl like a 13 year old girl last week. Eighth grade- and you know, I did stand up for me and found it already by the way, but amazing, well, I, I it'll be a it'll, be a hard living face. Conversation I I, you know, perform Santa for a long time and I was feeling anxious and I wanted to sort of talk about the Internet and my own anxiety in a way, and so I had felt like my anxiety for a long time was like very specific to me being a 25 year old comedian with like an audience and then I would like do my shows and like young kids would come up to me and say they felt like me and they felt like they knew what I was going through. Even when I was talking about was like being on stage in front of thousands of people. I'm like. Why is this resonating with you and I just think the sort of pressures, the weird pressures that are usually only afforded to like d-list celebrities, have now been democratized and given to everybody. So I was always interested in like who are the telling a story about someone on the internet that nobody's watching, because the Internet tends to, and the culture at large tends to only talk about the people on the internet that are being mean, but the majority people on the internet and there's a lot more and more, who are just talking to the camera, nobody's watching yeah, that's 99 percent of the videos that are uploaded 99.9, you know, and the kind of the only thing we talk about is like people that go viral and as someone that went viral, it's really not that interesting, yeah yeah, it's like the actual interesting thing, is just trying to engage with this thing and trying to be seen and trying to be heard and to me the people that weren't being heard were actually engaged, much deeper, more honest thing. Well, there was one of the central themes: I think that I extracted from it was like how social media, or this abundant of all this going on with YouTube and Twitter and Instagram, is affecting kids because I think there's a five year difference between us. But when I grew up, there was no like growing up as a kid was hard enough yeah. But then, when you have all this new social media introduced to them and the way that you portray the girl how she's glued to these social medias is very accurate. I think like how is this affecting kids I don't know all the time is that it I don't quite know exactly like and truly it was me wanted to talk about how it felt to me and how it felt to me was it made me, feel, nervous and weird and unsure of myself, and that seems like I. You mean social media, yeah yeah, just having to sort of represent yourself having to live your life and then also live your life on this other place and then the sense of like because of that floating behind yourself through situations I just think it's like weird and disembody and like a little disassociative or something, but more than anything, it was like I I'm happy for people to like leave the movie thinking about that stuff. But I don't want the movie to be like a TED talk or like gonna, be some like finger wagging [, __ ], because that's what it's so noisy it wasn't by the way. Let me just say one last thing yeah, but but like that I don't know it just feels like the internet hasn't even in least in popular media hasn't even been described, let alone figure it out like so so. Yeah I just wanted to portray it and portray it. How it feels to her and me a little bit, which is just weird. It's just like it's a lot, but if it's not like it's just shitty, it's not like it's like we should just if we have to our phones in the ocean, we'd be happy. It's like it's. Both we're super connected. We're super lonely. We're super stimulated we're super numb, we're self expressing and objectifying. It's like yeah I, wouldn't be here without the internet. You know I mean, like obviously I'm, so so grateful for it, but also it's you know. There's there may be a happy medium between, like the 60 minutes, talking about like yes, narcissistic, kids and like come on creators or whatever the [ __ ], that you you tube conversation is where it can't self-examine at all. I feel like well on my part, I'm a grown man more or less and I've recently pretty much quit using social media, because it's it's honestly too much for me for me, like uh, like even me, for a long day ahead, like a quota for myself fry was like I need a post every day on Twitter once yeah, because it in a way it's like. If I don't tweet do I exist, though mmm, like am I still in the minds of these people and I, found by the way that the answer is very much yes, you still do exist if you don't tweet but like there was just a really unhealthy interaction. I had with it like checking that first thing in the morning to assorted to sitting down to pee, be on my phone I was like this is [ __ ] up. This is totally because you don't really get a lot of time. Out of that you sit down at well, you mean what does that buy you like 30, second 30 40 minutes at most right. No, that's a condition! Yeah yeah we'll get into that, but yeah I, but that that is part of what the movies hope when you get out. Is that like it isn't like sit down to pee and you use your phone and for that, so you would just open Twitter really fast. While you were on the John yeah and if it's cold, I'll piss through the space in the the seat in the bowl and all over my pants, it's nothing happens. Does that happen, you still die stepping when I was a kid and I would have like a morning would and like cuz your dick points down into the bowl yeah, definitely but you're, still able to pee through the hole yeah soft yeah I was just kidding so I yeah I was trying to explore that yeah yeah. No, no, no I was like totally kidding. I just made up a really specific joke. That's never happened. Um! You've never peed through the crack. When you were a kid all right, let's get off, let's get it. Let's get off, I try to be vulnerable with you, yeah all right, but yeah I think like people, people look at me, I'm, like am so glad I'm, not in eighth grade anymore, I'm, so glad I'm, not so awkward on I don't have to deal with social media and I'm like you're. The worst people on social media are thirty roles and yeah hit people in their late 20s, like from talking with the kids, the kids have the best chance of being chill on it. Cuz they like actually have a little bit of self-awareness and kind of have grown up with it. It's the 30 year olds that pretend like they're, not you, know addicted to it and be sooo I. Just like I can't believe what my friends look like online I can't believe, there's so many people that I don't mind in real life and I hate them, just hate them and there's never the opposite, there's never anything like what is it that they do online. That makes you hate them. It's just so transparent right. What everyone's doing things trying to look like peachy and trying to look PG or trying to or trying to be ironically peachy or you know like I mean humblebrag is the word of right of the 21st century. Well, I heard you say something that I really liked is something that's been ringing with. Me is like if you ironically, hate something it's not really better than like. If you are Roenick lee, if you're self-aware of doing something that you didn't like yeah, it's not really different. You know everyone like you, see that on YouTube, a lot of people being like click baiting ironically, but yeah yeah. Well, you still know you're still doing that. It's like and I did that when I was 16, 17 was like buy my merch I'm a sellout. It's like that! No you're, still a [ __, ] yeah, he doesn't being self-aware, saves you nothing. You know the most and it's like the ironic, [ __ ], the most ironic [ __ ] online is like Old Spice commercials and Geico commercials, where they're going on being like this is a Geico commercial wink and it's like [ __ ], you yeah, there's like Deadpool. It's like a 200 million dollar movie winking at you, and it's like is that cool yeah I, don't know I'm just saying like this sort of like surrealist cool crazy Adult Swim like aesthetic has been totally co-opted by like Allstate, hey on Allstate, but you what I'm saying I feel like it's I, don't know. Yes, it just feels yeah to me. Let me ask you: how does making a movie compared to your other creative endeavors that you've done so far? It was good. I was just desperate to work with other people. I was like um, you know, stand-up, you just look to yourself and I was so tired of my own head, yeah I mean I was just so tired of my voice in my face, so I just want to work with people again. I did theater like growing up and that's why I really loved that's not like when I fell in love with [ __ ], so yeah I was just about working with people and getting out of my own head, and that was nice. That's awesome because, like trying to explore my own anxiety by being alone on stage, it surprisingly ended up making it worse. You have problems with things I, oh yeah I also have suffered from that, but I'm curious. Have you found something? That's helped you! How long have you been suffering from anxiety longer in hindsight than I thought when I was in high school sophomore year, I was in the in the hospital with stomach problems. Thinking uh I, just like I did, like you know, drank Barry I'm thinking I'm having all this like of holes in my intestines and I was just nervous, [ __ ], my pants. It's funny I find it interesting that you weren't aware mmm that it was anxiety. You were feeling well. It was so constant that we I didn't think it could have been. It was every day um which actually probably should have pointed to anxiety, but but um, and then it really when I was 23. I had my first panic attack on stage and then that was like. Oh she, how did you? How did the show continue it continued I've had like you know you push through it. Yeah I've had about ten on stage and [ __ ]. What happens in that moment, you become like very self-aware tunnel vision like tunnel vision and then, like you, know, numb body and then, if just a total, like out-of-body feeling and what's so weird, what's so weird about it, is that it's with it's it's happening within the structure of a show that is written out, - but -. The word you mean sort of like I can't even like go I'm feeling like I have to I have to like say so. It ends up like a I'm in Groundhog's, Day and I like or like I have a script. They have to keep - so I. Have this inner monologue, freaking out and then I'm having to perform by ground that you're able to still like perform the script while having a somewhat out of body experience. Yeah I was, but it was like it was like I'd, be a little out of breath, so I'd be the the entire show for 20 minutes would be existing like on like the inhale kind of um. It was definitely was my best work. You know. Do you remember for me my anxiety, I, think I was diagnosed with like generalized anxiety, disorder and I had like a very specific moment of like almost breaking like a breaking point where it just came out of nowhere. Did you have a moment like that? It was actually it I had a panic attack in it in Providence, Rhode Island, which is funny cause like you know, I've taught like people who went she'll have heard this now. Don't you know I, don't think my parents were there and couldn't tell what's happening. Mmm Providence, Rhode Island. It was like a theater like 3,000 people had a panic attack was really bad. Then went to New York had three shows had a panic attack in the middle show went to see the Martian the next day and got very very angry, because it wasn't about anxiety and I didn't know. It felt like so perfect for my life like how is this story about a guy alone on Mars locked and it felt so true to me, and then it was just like about how he's like a good botanist or something he movies, probably chill I was just in the bad place and then I had a panic attack on the train to DC mmm the next day um, which was another show and I had like this, was like the first week of a tour that was like 45 shows and 50 days, and that was when I was like there's something going on here. Yeah like this is bad and I can never do this again. Um that that that was the worst time of my I've had a pretty fortunate life. That was definitely one of the hardest yeah stretches of my life and and like how did you kind of get through it? I mean? Did you find at the time was it like? For me, it was almost unbearable, like I couldn't even live, I was completely debilitated for, like six months, I would say, try meditation, you know, I've been meditating for [ __ ]. The problem is, there's just a show every night and there was like very like surreal, comical things right be like googling how to deal with stage fright. You know before show in front of 3,000 people and the answers would be like. Don't worry like if you're, if you're doing this in front of your class or at Town Hall like people, don't really write about what you're saying. No, no, no there's 3,000 people that have paid $40 in or have waited. You know like it is they do care yeah it like really helped me to find out that, like Barbra Streisand, prays mm-hmm Adele like I, get actually really helped. Well, it's such a weird thing like how you almost have to be more of a [ __ ] psycho, to not experience anxiety, exactly like it's like being the president like I, don't know how you well I I've long held that you have to be an actual sociopath that even want to be President yeah. So those guys don't feel like yeah I just feel cold-blooded yeah. We got a good one right now, but yeah they're, usually pretty bad yeah. He's I I get the he's not having much self-awareness self-aware moments right now: yeah yeah, no um yeah, my Mac I know my body's on fire yeah meditation. What did you do? Dude? The thing is like I'm, not I I'm like a somewhat sensitive guy, oh yeah, but for some reason I never talk to anyone about it like I, don't yeah, I, didn't, say our biggest mistake and that's what [ __ ] me up for someone and looking back in hindsight I was like. Why didn't I? Why was I so private about it? Cuz I thought I was I thought I was actually having like a psychotic mic break. Yeah I was I thought almost for sure that I was schizophrenic. Mm-Hm and I was so crushed by that fact, and I felt, like I will crush my parents by telling them that and I felt just like I couldn't talk about it at all and I held on to it. Just hoping it would go away, but it never did for me, I, don't know if you felt this, like my worry, was if I say it, it's real yeah. Do you mean like, if I admit that I'm going through there it's it's I've, spoken it and now I'll, never stop think about it, and it is for anyone worried about this. It is the exact opposite. It's like speaking. It is the salvation. So that's what helped me is when I finally talked to them about it, because you it's just like it's like stand-up, it's just you and your head talking to yourself and it makes everything so much worse, because when you talk to somebody about it, first of all, it's really a very, very literal getting it out. But then people can talk to me like looking you're, not [, __, ] you're, not schizophrenic, you're, not dying. It's just anxiety like the things that I hoped for myself, but wouldn't believe people were confirming. For me, that was the beginning of of healing, but I think the thing that really changed for me was having a sick like a significant other and my wife right, someone that really like I, felt comfortable talking about it and being myself and knowing that, because a lot of the anxiety that I had was very much like social in a lot of ways. Yet you know yeah right, yeah, of course, so a lot of that was alleviated when you find someone that, like you, think, doesn't care yeah and you're alone in it together or whatever that thing. You can hate the world army of two or something yeah yeah. Could everyone get said? Yeah, that's beautiful, yeah I never took medicine, though, but frankly, I wish I did yeah I think I would have helped a lot. I almost took beta blockers for performance when I felt, like I, was gonna beta blockers. We've talked about that here: I, don't know what the [ __ ] beta blockers I, don't know anything and it sounds like it's like a 90s board game or something yeah, but I don't really feel like doing it, but yeah man, it's like the sort of my thing was like enough, I'm being like truly honest with myself. It's like the two sides of the same coin that like I by speaking it out loud and seeing that other people were going through it and and that it wasn't unique to my experience of being because I just thought like. Oh it's. This is happening to me because I'm living an insane life in a very specific circumstance. You know mm-hmm when I spoke, it I realized like it's the two thing it was the thing I was most terrified of and the thing that actually saved me, which is like I'm, not unique and I'm, not alone. You know I think I was maybe deep down wanting it to be singular because you know I've. Just you know. I want to have a very singular experience and you know when I'm going through, you can understand. I think that that sort of mindset is common to anxious people, an idea of it is so visse sort of describe it like having anxiety feels like like I'm riding a bull like my bull is inert. My nervous system and I just have to hold on to it and then like being in the world, feels like everyone else is an equestrian. You mean just like perfectly in sync, with their own system and it just it just isn't true. Oh so many silent battles of it and absolutely for some, and it's so weird, like what I I hadn't I thought. I saw a little bit of my special that I hadn't seen you know in make happy the last one in two years and I saw it and I couldn't I would not believe that person was nervous. Yeah, yeah, I, believe I would think. Like. Oh he's talking about anxiety to just you know if he thinks it's like in and and and but like he's, not nervous and I was I frankly didn't know that it was such a battle for you after the first show I sobbed sobbed backstage because because, like I mean I I slept two hours the night before I was shaking like yeah uh yeah. It was, it was rough. It was um, it's incredible, they're like even through that you can still do [ __ ] cuz, like thinking back on myself, I wasn't famous at the time when I was having my worst anxiety. I mean I still suffer from it. A lot but like back in the day, I was so like. Even just talking to someone was almost like a a bat like a real battle. For me, yeah going on a date was like the [ __ ] like very much like what the movie yeah it's crabs is like these mundane. Ordinary things can sometimes be the bravest thing you can do exactly and that's what the movie was trying to do is like portray it very much and it were lost for a 30 I appreciate it. It's like 13 year old life for a 13 year old or someone with social anxiety. Every tiny moments feel like life and death, and it is it's so important to overcome it, and just say you know what I still have to do. This and I feel like. That is really what makes you overcome it, yes and and like I, just think movies tend to over us push situations into drama and confrontation, then that needs to justify oh yeah I. Think people are so [ __ ] non-confrontational in real life, so non-confrontational like have you ever like just raised your voice at a guy in like the grocery store line, and then your heart is pounding for 40 minutes afterwards, like yeah like have you seen, them are you're like holy [, __ ], you know, III just think life is very. The drama of our lives literally plays out very small, but subjectively, and personally it's very, very big, so the movie was just trying to be like. Can we show those tiny, tiny moments in our ego successfully, like the scene where she's going to the pool party was just like, like I felt that so much you know what I mean and I think everybody watch. You will feel it so much so definitely I love that so much capturing yeah, yeah yeah cool parties are just not chill and we were trying to also like really try to look at kids, not nostalgically, not like a memory, but to try to see them like yeah yeah aliens like what, if we just forgot what these things meant to us in hindsight, but just looked at it fresh and it's like yeah a pool party's like okay, it's like okay, so forget everything. You know Barney forget that it's like a cultural standard and realize that it's like okay, it's like bunch of kids, whose bodies are exploding, half-dressed a hole in the ground with waters like wow. How is this part of our lives like yeah? How is this any passage like rite of passage for kids yeah it? Finally, like you just touched on it, doesn't get better as an adult godo you imagine going. I cannot imagine like taking off my shirt yeah, the worst ever yeah yeah I'm still like I, wouldn't do that now I would just not do it? Would you but you go in with a shirt on? Did you do that? And then you were kid. I was shirt on in the pool. What yeah I'll tell you why I was shirt on I? Had a giant mole on my back healthy and removed Congrats, my mom did it by moms. We know it was can't. She thought it was cancerous cuz. It was like this [ __ ] big, but that's why I was shirt on now. I keep the shirt on because I'm fat hold up. Wait! Your mother, your mother, removed him all off your back. She, okay, maybe I, described that weirdly. She opted for it to be removed. Oh my literally come with me think about where you think I went and that's not what happened at all yeah. Okay, chill yeah, but we got that covered. Okay, that's good! That's great yeah I! Would the sad [ __ ] is I would always work. Wear my t-shirt in the pool, but I would like pretend, like you mean I like fall into the pool, be like oh [, __ ], my shirt. Oh yeah! That's! Oh! It's rough right! You know everyone! Even as a kid everyone's like come on. Dude yeah. You really really like you forget how self-aware you are at that age like at that age. You're in on the joke of yourself, like you're, making fun of each other for your voice is cracking and [ __ ], like you know, what's going on yeah yeah yeah, it's brutal shirt on man, I've seen a fully clad, I mean shoes and everything yeah and that before, oh that's, pretty beat yeah damn. So would you shirt on these that you weren't shirt on? If you went to a pool, I, don't pool yeah boy, other yeah, yeah I'm an endorsement most! Thank you yeah! Do you have it? What a you would you camp? Do you do any outdoor activities? Would you play video game? What do you have I? Don't know what do you outside people, camp, yeah people, there's [, __ ] out there Oprah know, there's people out there that do stuff and I'm and I'm genuinely jealous I, say when I meet somebody I'm like you're, the kind of guy that does stuff aren't. You I know that you know a part of me. That's like yeah. If I just like ate the right stuff and went hiking and things I'd be happy, but can you imagine going hiking, no can I. Imagine everyone and I've never went never I. Just everyone hikes here, I've never been, they seem so happy they're out there. They don't mind instead of lying about it. No no way! Dan are you I mean I, know that, like like Dan and Ian are very much people that do stuff and I go. Who are you well, you meet these people. They're like that was Dan. Sorry Dan. Do you go hiking no I mean when, when a girlfriend a few years ago, she would force me to all the time, but that's that doesn't really count. He didn't like it, though yeah was that the main problem in the relationship yeah that she wanted to hike she dumped her yeah all right, yeah I, like those people are you jealous people that do stuff, cuz I, know they're, always planning stuff they're going to like art, exhibits, yeah they're all sides again thrilled when they find a bag of like dried cranberries like I. Don't want to live that life find a bag address. You me they're, all like! Oh you mean I, don't want to eat like Eggo waffles and drink redbull. I'm saying what are you? What's your main hobby, you probably work a lot. No, no I have a true true lazy streak like truly I, like will sit around for a long long time and then like have a burst of doing something. And then what do you do? When you're at home, a Holmes men, home spin I got dogs got double friend, okay, I kiss my dogs walk my girlfriend kiss I like a 1930s joke I I watched a lot of my know: I watch a lot of stuff. This is my problem: I'm home all day and I. Don't know what I do. Yeah I, don't know, I, don't know if that's what you're getting at I'll spin I'll be at home all [ __ ] day and at the end of the day, I'll be like I did I, don't even I didn't even like turn on a show and watch a show like at least I would be able to say. I did that but I don't know what I do. Watch like videos are like 10 year-olds doing like Yankee Candle hauls. What like 10 year olds like they, they there's a lot of Yankee. It's like 10 year old kids, with like three Android subscribe. Errs then like go to Yankee Candle and bring a bunch of candles home and their lower hall, a candy yeah, yeah yeah. No, no I got a cop like this. It's pepper man and it's not like it smells like peppermint, it's the greatest [ __ ], ever Wow. Okay, I can tell you you're very you're, home you're, home Schmidt yeah, oh yeah, yeah I, don't um! You play video games, yeah I play if I got psvr I'm very excited about that. If there was a people, I want to make my movie for VR. If there was anything else my movie could be I wish could be VR. What does that mean? You're, just one of the kids kind of yeah yeah know what I'm saying that VR actually like inspired the movie a little bit visually like wanting to feel like you're in this thing kind of looking around mmm and like when people start making like really cool short films and stuff. On that there's been a few, it's gonna, be it's incredible. It's like an it's a new medium, not in the way like television and movies or different mediums. It's it's a different medium in the way like movies and books are good for me. So I'm very excited bout that but I got switch and playing Mario, Tennis aces, sweet, I love the switch yeah I just do handheld yeah I, don't [ __ ] with the yeah. Well, do you play it? What do you play on the TV or no see I I? Do all that yeah I, like the TV yeah, we're different, but I heard it's. You editor I heard it. You really have to split hairs, define different. It's like I'm, a handheld switch man, you're a but it's better graphics on the TV yeah yeah. There's a TV for [ __ ] sake. That's right! Is it t that checks out? Alright, let's go to a quick break. We will be right back when we get back. I want to ask you all about like kind of I've got a question. Is the viral video dead? You know, let's ask that when we come back. Thank you too, for hemes for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast. Did you guys know that 66% of men start losing their hair by age 35 now I started using for hims about I'd, say two days ago and I don't want to brag or anything, but not only is my hair looking more luscious and thicker than ever, but I'm also feeling particularly powerful today, guys it's much easier to keep the hair you have than to replace the hair you've lost. Have you noticed that hairline receding? Do you want to do something about it? Well, guess what baldness is an option? Okay and you don't have to be that guy any longer. The solution for hims calm, a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for Men Ian, for example, started taking for hims. How long ago was it in about 24 hours ago, 24 hours I mean Wow. Results may vary, I want to emphasize on that, but, as worked out really well for in yeah fix my hairline change my rate, thank you. So much and I'm glad we could help you out, there's a well-known generic equivalent to name-brand prescriptions to help you keep your hair. This is not snake oil pills or gas station. Counter supplements. This is prescriptions backed by science. There's no waiting room, no awkward, doctor visits, you're gonna save hours by going to for hims dot-com, it's so easy dan. What is your opinion of for hims? It's done a lot of good for me, I'm you as you as you could see. We are all feeling great and our hair is I, don't want to say Super Saiyan, but I mean we're feeling really good about it. Let's just put it that way. The products get shipped directly to your door after you answer a few quick questions, a doctor reviews it and prescribes you the medicine. So here's what you need to do or - right flipping out. My listeners get a try out month for four hams for just $5 today, right now, while supplies last see the website for full details, this would cost hundreds of fricking doll hairs. If you went to a doctor or pharmacy so go to for hanscom's, slash, h3, that's fo r, hims comm, slash h3 for hims Cobb, slash, h3 results may vary in this case, but it's gonna help you a lot. Thank you to felix gray, guys if you're like me, you spend a lot of time on the computer a lot way too much and here's what you need to know those blue lights coming off. There are gonna fu, the Frick up. That's why I recommend Felix gray glasses check this out. These glasses block out the blue light to prevent digital eye strain, which can give you a headache, dry eye and really just a whole magnitude of issues that are just frankly, gonna ruin your whole life yeah. It's tough out there. Folks and look you don't have to look like a nerd if you're trying to use the computer all day, you can look stylish and slick, and maybe somebody will actually look at your dick I. Don't know about touch but look yes. The rest is up to you to secure a lot of us, spend hours and hours of front of the computer staring at screens and it gets exhausting even if you've never heard of digital eye strain chances. Are you've experienced it when I'm on the computer all day, I get headaches it sucks because I don't leave the computer I, never stop. I just sit there with a headache until I got these glasses beautifully designed by Felix gray, feel this great lenses are specifically designed to filter blue light and eliminate glare from the screen, which are the two main culprits behind digital eye strain. They have blue light filtering technology embedded into the lenses, so you're they're effectively without the tell-tale, yellow, tint or color distortion of other blue light filtering glasses, Felix gray frames are handcrafted from premium Italian acetate, the same material used by the biggest designer brands in the world and they're super stylish. This is the Turing style, I love it because it makes me look studious and handsome and sweet assuming guy. That's secretly just a nerd that wants to spend 15 hours a day on the computer, but they don't know that, because these look cool no prescription is necessary, their glasses are available and non-prescription reader and they've just launched prescription lenses. So everyone can benefit from wearing a pair of Felix greys. All orders are shipped free and free returns, so you've got nothing to lose folks, give it a shot, go to felix great glasses, dot-com /h, their tribe pair of felix grey glasses. Today, that's Felix gray, glasses, comm, /h, three Felix gray, glasses, comm, /h. Three link is in the chin guys you got nothing to lose, give it a shot. If you have problems at the computer with eyestrain, try them on see if it doesn't change your life forever audible. You know it, you love it guess what they've got a special offer. That's gonna hook you in check this out audible has an offer that ends July 31st of this year, Amazon Prime members can get audible for five dollars a month for the first three months. That's like getting three months for the price of one and after those three months, it's just 15 dollars a month. Now you know I love, audible. It's basically changed the game for me, because I can listen to a book. It's like doubling your productivity. If you want to listen to a novel or I get yeah, you know a self-help book or you want to learn whatever you're doing you're exercising you're playing video games, there's nothing better than accompanying those activities with audible. At the same time, folks audible has the largest selection of audiobooks on the planet. Guess, what's on audible, now, Harry Potter, the frickin books are all on audible. Now the whole series I started listening in the first book. It's enchanting. It's a blast I've personally read all those books they're one of my favorite series, guys if you haven't gotten into the Harry Potter series. Now is a great time to try, audible and listen to those right flip. In now, gosh darn, it audible members, get a credit every month, good for any audiobook. You guard 'less of price and unused credit credits roll over to the next month. If you didn't like the audiobook, you can exchange it for another. One. No questions asked folks: it doesn't get better. I've got the soundboard here, I'm gonna use it. Your books are yours to keep with audible. You can go back and re-listen anytime, even if you cancel your membership, so good audible.com, slash, h3, podcast or text h3 podcast one-word to five hundred five hundred to get started and remember: Amazon Prime members can get audible for five dollars a month for the first three months. That's like getting three months, the price of one come on and after that is $15 a month. So once again guys this offer ends July 31st go to audible.com, slash, h3 podcast. One word: go: listen to Harry Potter I'm telling you now is the time to get your wand out and start doing some abracadabra or what is that one at all right, you guys are gonna, love it hello and welcome back it's ya boy bo here. Let me ask you this: you had your big brains. This is a big thing for you right elbows on the table, yeah I, don't know, I have Sting's I'm, not very soft I. Do this a lot! I know this. We just talk about anxiety and that that's horrible! Well, you know I used to say fascinating. It's a good word, but I lean on it. A little bit. Yeah and I got memed into the [ __ ] ground. That's incredible and I watched like late-night shows and I watch people and they say: I listened to a lot of podcasts. They say fascinating a lot faster. You please you can even have its own destiny. You can tell whatever throws of listen. You like I, can't get it away from it. You can tell what bros have been listening to Jordan Peterson by how all of a sudden they start saying, presupposition, presupposition I'm, like that's cool, bruh, I, know where you got yeah, yeah yeah, oh, my god, dan, just a man. What come on this is not fascinating at all. No no yeah I thought we. The presupposition was that you weren't gonna come in here. This was presupposed. So let me ask you: you came up cut I'm coming up. I want the world to know. I got a lens, show yeah. You got a ledge show. This is so you came up, but you you went viral right, hell, yeah I feel like back then going viral. It was that hashtag hashtag virus, like viral I, became an internet sensation Walker my love and please keep using it and it was true back. Then there was such thing as I felt like it was real viral videos and viral videos. Real Meyer, yes meant like from nothing. Yes from like the depths of yes, [ __ ] of YouTube important cannot go viral No you plug James, I'm, saying love to jail. You can't go! That's not virality a virus yeah, it's like a dude, [ __ ], a monkey he got a and from the depths of out of nowhere. Aids was born exactly viral, but it's like oh I got a cold. It's like well, the colds been around. That's not! You know what that's a weird analogy. It's a weird analogy, but maybe you know what I mean it's more like. You have eight million subscribers. Most of your subscribers saw your [ __ ] thing. It didn't go viral yeah! You just yeah exactly it's like I! Don't, like my question, is: do viral video still exist because I don't see that happening anymore? They do they do. I I, don't think like yeah I, don't think I would have worked now. I, don't think I would have been discovered. It's a bummer I, don't like. Why is that? What do you think cuz YouTube turned into a [, __, ], studio and and the network, and you go to the trending page and it's [ __ ] late night late night clips movie trailers in music videos, it's like [, __ ], like you mean like when we start I was like this is gonna, be the people's medium. That was like cool and never, and now it's just like I, don't know why they do I really I, don't understand why they do that I, don't either it's like -. Just don't put that [ __ ] there. They don't need the [ __ ] views and the best they do is like support their creators. But are they supporting like no the the little creators they the ones with a bunch of subscribers? Don't need help and III. Don't know the specifics are know. People are getting [ __ ] over specifically, but it's like oh, it's kind of like the class of 2006, -, 11 rows or whatever and like or you know, I think it's hard to become anything now. I think like the established. It's really hard to break through them. Yeah and the only people that I see breaking through now are basically people who are producing just really just really the worst stuff. That's very easily consumable. That's very clickable, I think the thumbnail in the title are so important. Now it looks. Why is that? It's really that's like people start there and then work back. It's funny, yeah, cuz, I, remember I. All my videos were posted like lower case. Just the title of the song. You mean I, really like even me later and clips had to do big capital bo burnham HD, whatever the [ __ ], but that's not but like bill. Wursts bill works. The guy that did the history is the one excuse. No, but I think there are some others. I I'm sure there are and and again it's not it's not that I wouldn't say it's, not the kids. The specific people posting themselves that aren't a value. It's just I, think the value system or whatever that's like that. You're taught to you know and I, don't think it encourages people to be creative, like it used to right or got out of the way it's like I. Don't know it's crazy, well alone, I didn't think it was all gonna turn into vlogging. Yeah, give me and like that's cool, if you vlog, but like even musicians like on YouTube they're like little indie musicians, start their music video with like hey guys. This is my music video I hope you check it out. I'm gonna custom I'm like whoa well, I, think the problem is that YouTube's algorithm favors lots like daily or even more than daily uploads of basically to succeed on YouTube in this environment. You have to post like every day in fan, engagement, yeah that is kind of like crazy turn. That's just like! What's on top right now, because it's what YouTube is selected, probably inadvertently, to dominate right, and it's not that it's not that there shouldn't be that I mean there. Are people yourself included, who are very good at commentary who should be posting a lot, but that should be one part of an ecosystem I'm saying in theory. This thing is just a blank medium right where anything can post for anything can I was just I just remember in 2006 being like? Oh man I wonder what YouTube's gonna be like in ten years. It's gonna be like all the oscar-winning shorts or I mean who doesn't matter the oh yeah, yeah, there's like Oscars right, I'm, just saying it's gonna be people are gonna, be uploading. You know like what, when I made, my special I made this big thing of like I'm, gonna post it for free on YouTube. You know and then give it to Netflix, but I took way less of a pay, so I could post for free on YouTube I posted for free on YouTube, but I realized like the environment, had changed so much. There's like a no one, even thought I was posting it. They just thought it was like a rip from Netflix and I was like man. This place doesn't even exist for that anymore. Really, that's true, and then you see [ __, ] I mean I, don't know so I'm sure there's some really good stuff. I want to be [. __ ] on people. I'm, like these are things I struggle with these are pressures, I feel um, but it's like I, don't know around town I see billboards for YouTube brand I'm like it looks like a Disney Channel like isn't this place, the Wild West. Isn't this like totally free? Why are we imposing like wire and it feels like creators themselves, are inviting like the archaic standards of Hollywood to themselves? It's like you can be so much freer than this I would think why? Why are you making Jeremy and I think that? Well, if you look at someone like filthy Frank, I, don't know if you that know who that knows. No, he was someone who kind of embodied what you're talking about where he was very much his own man. He very much did his own thing didn't conform to any anything. He was just totally [ __ ] nuts and everybody loved it, but the problem was that he was always being demonetized. Youtube was always [, __ ], with his videos in a way that didn't really make it sustainable. I! Guess, look at you, nice, who, like uses you nice drink glue. He was old uh. What did he say to you? Nice is he's a legend legend. He called ela an Israeli [ __ ] once and they wanted to kill her or something. But I was like she, oh nice. We still got all my help me. My girl, we always said thank ya, but it just like yes, but Jun Isis he's not killing it anymore. Well, he's killing! Well, he's never he's yeah he's killed, but not it, but like I'm, just saying it should be weird or right. That's all I, just I just mean it should be like, but I'm glad he said, Bill works because that does kind of our works, and- and you know what I know that there's like hundreds of them, thousands that just the system isn't in place to I'm, saying like what I'm saying really is not going after the people making stuff yeah and even the people making stuff could would be so much better if the if the medium itself was encouraging actual creative expression I wish they had a department or some kind of dedication to doing that, but as far as I'm aware they're, just they don't. Why are bunch of NBC executives, yeah? Look the people that work at YouTube are like a bunch of [ __, ], dusty I should be saying this [ __ ], but whatever oh, whatever I'm friends with them. They know they know we all hate them all right. They live with that yeah. It's like yeah when you walk into YouTube headquarters. You're, like is this: the M&amp;M store where the [ __ ] am I mean it's like I, don't know the Internet to me is like dirty and weird and crazy and like so human, and if you did just scratch past the surface, you fall. That's not part of the problem. This happening is that, like with net neutrality and all all this stuff going on is that people don't want the Internet to be that dirty crusty place anymore. They want it to be, you know buttoned up and they want it to be predictable and they want it to be. Not just another thing: yeah I mean that's, that's where the movement is going yeah it's hard, because I think I'm on both sides a little bit because I also look at the internet and don't go like the only problem with the internet. Isn't that it needs to be free or you know, I mean there's I mean there's also crazy. You know, I, don't know if any of us should be able to watch like people blow their heads off. You know I mean and stuff like I, don't know if, but but or worse yeah blow they're much much worse than that. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah I got I, got you it. She was into snakes, yes, yeah, it's well. What do you think of when you came up on YouTube? There wasn't such a notion as as internet celebrity or YouTube. So no and there wasn't a standard. There wasn't like a thing you should be. There wasn't like a there, wasn't a format mm-hmm, so it was just like people just doing random. [ __, ] unpolished, random, [, __ ], which is cool. You know, as opposed to like, if you want to you, know, I, don't know. So what do you? What do you thought the old dude? But no, but I am yeah, but I am I, am across the old duda that you mean I was in 2006 driving this thing started and yeah, and but it's because I care about it. So much yeah and I want. You know young people that are taking risks and making interesting things to like. Have a and it's I say this because I care about it because, like every other medium, has no [ __ ] chance, like of being cool really like yeah. This is like the first like real medium were, like everyone can actually access it and like the virus. Even the idea of viral is ism is a is a problem because it because it immediately puts the idea that the only things worthy are the ones that are that are being seen like a million times. You find really cool channels with like 3000 views or it's some like person, giving advice or some or a person teaching piano. Well originally, that's what YouTube was all about was just a dude who wanted to make [ __ ] and share it with, like their friends, I mean that's, why people made videos and in the early days before you got paid for it mm-hmm, but now it's like I think 95 percent of kids. If you ask how much their dream job is to be a youtuber yeah I find that pretty strange huh when I was a kid. People wanted to be astronauts well, youtubers, weird because it feels like it's like movie, no I guess they would just be like moving but youtuber. It's weird that when you say youtuber that should have no meaning right. That should actually be like something. This amount. Yeah exactly should be writer. So it's like! Oh what do you want to write? But when you say youtuber, it's like. Oh. That means like how my image hey like this, for that you know that that's yeah, very true that but I, don't think that's true, but I. Don't think it actually is true. It just I think got neighbors that are getting attention. Yeah yeah, that is what they mean. Yeah I know what you mean: I love, you too, my love. So much of what it was yeah. What it is kids are like I get I watch it I, like it so I'm saying. If kids are happy and everyone's happy doing this shouldn't people happy watching it. That's like totally cool and and I need to emphasize that, like the real thing I'm pissed about is not that that that popular YouTube creators are taking the space from these kids. The real thing are the movie studios, the movie trailers The Tonight Show clips that, like that is the most infuriating thing. When you see like um I thought that Shane Dawson Tanic on thing was awesome yeah that was so cool that that was incredible, yeah and like what an incredible thing to do like form breaking it came up and it was so good like that was blown away and it was it was part and because of like Shane personal relationship with his odd it was that much more meaningful. So it's like a great like version of that, like a Louis, Theroux, weird version, so that was awesome, yeah, so I know people are doing that. I just want to be, like you know, like I, don't know like Kevin Hart doing like Vanity Fair's, and you know most viral questions, whatever you mean and stuff, and all that no hate to any specific people. I'm just saying, like no I know exactly if it were I can't believe it like they do it. These people sit in a room and they go like. How can we make something viral and they make it, and it goes viral because they called it viral in their headline. Well, I, like he said, I, don't think that means anything anymore like viral. It was just back in the day it was like there's a viral video yodel boy, and it was. It was a double rainbow. You know what I mean like that's a viral video, it's a guy, [, __, ], tripping balls over a cup and I mean that's yeah, you know, I, don't think it's trippin balls I think he's just deeply bad. That guy was attributing ball. What is that right, I personally think and I? This is a time time. Old boom goes the dynamite boom, the best of all time. What are the best of all yeah and like it's similar with the movie, which is like cringe, means a lot to me. You mean like and there's something like I love like and like are cringe and that all that stuff is, it gets a little dark. I know, I, think we're the cringe. Communities very sometimes can be very mean yes, but I, like all the videos but I breathe air like deeply beautiful to me, they're, deeply vulnerable and wonderful and meaningful tryst and I'm saying, like some people watch the the weird hot dog video, the guy blending, the things and wanna like tell him to kill himself whatever, but I think it's like just so beautiful that we have access to people's most more than my moments, I feel for them and I. Think cringing is a form of empathy and you know. Certainly it is you're you're embarrassed for them yeah so like, and it's an its vulnerable and I get boom goes the dynamite. Think that's. That is me on stage. If I just wasn't as good or what or not you know, if I was that, that is what it was happening for me is that I could just power through it. He's like having a panic attack, yeah and Reggie. Miller is looking good. Reggie Miller is the best [ __ ] ever yeah later he gets the rebound passes it to the man. Well, speaking of viral videos, I mean you mentioned. You mentioned the hotdogs peach and Ian found it now. First of all this video. This is a reupload, because I guess he erased it. It was too too wild for this world yeah, but this has 200,000 views. So we are really this guy. It kind of has a little bit of a fan base yeah. Well, so anyone can make it yeah see. This is this? Is it's love money? After the conversation we had it's gonna act like I want more of this, which is just like sad, like name rest man. We need more of this yeah. Let's see, do you know where this guy is the he's in his kitchen or I mean like if I dad, I wonder what was the impulse this guy had to be like I want to share this, but that's true what is no, but that's beautiful, right, Jimmy, so this guy lives is I mean, but he's not even taking inventory of. What's in his house, but he's making the video as the as if this is normal and as if people want to learn how to make hotdogs and peaches I mean it really is in a bathroom no, but this is truly beautiful and so deeply sad and funny and tragic, so we're learning about its life, seeing all these! Oh so the sausages are just actual [ __ ] hot dogs, I love that he calls it sausage he's feeling a little bourgeois today, but he's reaching for something. But he wants to teach us he he wants to share it's beautiful and it's beautiful he's like you know, but basically what it implies is that it took me a lot to be able to learn. I've learned the skills, yes of cooking these hot dogs, yeah and I- think there's a sausage. Sorry I don't mean to downplay the corm anus of it any of these blending pieces. Okay, but basically I found this secret. This wonderful look at him, cooking it I'm! Sorry, oh I, miss I am does that I! Don't know if that just a little zap I'm saying it is invent, I mean it's different. He's like I found this new way to do this. You guys it's, but it's like I, don't I can't explain it. This means a lot to me. This is beautiful, and why have I not seen this? This is really something. Why have I seen this? That's the real question you this is. This sounds like it's right up. Your max of salsa I mean but I'm saying this is a glimpse into a life we never would have without this right pray to God. You never have a glimpse into this life right, but but, but not that not that we're just seeing it we're seeing it through his POV. Yes and like with his perspective with his wants. It's incredible it's to me, it's so cinematic and incredibly, it's like some crazy, beautiful, like Harmony Korine like here. Let me crank the volume actually want to watch this. It's eight minutes. So it's a lot. It's a lot giving his cat is. He gonna throw those dogs in the blender with the peaches god it's healthy in a way he's like listening a little protein, a little fiber. You have to a balanced meal. Okay, let's skip forward to that yeah, the [ __ ]. He had what action get. One point washes the thing in the sink, but the dog he watches the dog. You got it when you gotta rinse, the dogs. Folks, look at the trash in the ground and look at he just really tossed that in there in a way that quite never got a little Emeril going on a little yeah. Oh, why is it it? Why is there Weiser toilet there? I don't understand the toilet. His his accent is also, like implacable, really unplaceable. So, let's cut to the the big moment. If you're worried this isn't exciting for the audience, trust me it is it's just sad scene. There he's lit these look. Look, look, look whoa! Now, because I started the [ __ ]. He started the wrong. His place was just about to break down yeah cuz. He started the wrong because he was overreaching. He probably hasn't done this before. Oh, you think this is a new recipe, but he's nobody's act like an actor he's a Tostitos man. I've noticed oh yeah, its brand loyal just saying, but wouldn't the world be a better place. If we watch this with love, am I insane mmm? No you're, not it's saying I mean I. Think people do, but also people are too. You have to have a certain level of maturity to be like I love, this guy and not be like this guy's, a [, __, ], loser, yeah I mean I. Think most people, probably over the age of 20, are like I, said having sympathy for repulsed in just whatever yeah. Listen, don't worry! Well, let's go. Let's get to the fireworks yeah. Let's get some yeah, let's get some I'm trying, which is that towards the end, look at Oh! Oh, my god, he's nervous he's like! Oh you see it double the cups up. If you notice so he's by you, hip-hop artist, all right well, yeah, he doubled up I think he just cherishes the content. So much, no think, there's a drop so imma correct me. If I'm wrong, he didn't blend the dogs, he sliced them little bites and not well. He did he blend. It. I'll put it into the already blended, peaches, yeah yeah, okay, I'm, just trying to get the recipe straight so for [Laughter], clean ups, a breeze. You just leave everything there for 10 years seriously hold on I'm. Suspicious of this can I say that okay, okay, but but in what way, I think it's might be an art piece. Oh it's an art piece but I regardless I. Don't think this guy's real I think he might be an actor. No! No! You know what I'm saying way too specific, oh good way to spin, he hates it. He pours it out and yet still uploads it see. Now you can oh now you're getting that no, but it they're all they're all like that. It's a cold I can show you the video, even nine-year-old. That is a claw machine in his house, because his mother, like like putting like reverse mortgage on her house, to buy him a claw machine that also looks like an art piece. I believe this. That they're, like a and pull that up, that's really gonna, be hard to find. That was like super, but like the it's like claw machine boy, I guess this is just that this I mean I'm, not saying that it's for sure, fake, but I'm, so skeptical. The thing is this: predates kind of the era I'm, so skeptical of everything I see on the Internet to the point where I'm like I, don't know that this is real. Of course, no there's there's what they do: bring all that [ __ ] [ __ ] into there. Why not it's just? Why is there a toilet in the bowl? Why is there a toilet in the room? He goes to the bathroom. Why is he cooks in the bathroom yeah? Does he live in the bathroom? Ok, you gotta just take the whole thing as a package. You can't pick and choose, but that's I, just I'm just saying I have I've seen red flash he's. Okay, so he's cooking, he's frying hot dogs and peaches and you're confused that he's going to the bathroom to get the water. No. But it's also perfect. It wouldn't be that hard to throw some Tostitos in a back and bathroom okay, either way: I, listen, I, don't I, don't want to take I! Think it's real! You don't have to know I, like of all the conspiracies I've had to walk people through. You know, I'm, not much happier to do this than like the moon. The moon is real. I think the moon's real as far as I could and just think the moon's real you have a moon down Oh deeply deep. He would he would drawed, but my friend drawed Carmichael, who I did a special Frasier he's very um. Well, what's his theory about the moon? Not that it's not real, or does he actually think it's like a hologram? Oh! No! No, though, going to the moon, never happened, yeah, no, no they're going to the moon! Didn't how do you still believe that in this day and age, that really blows my mind? He makes a good case. Really you might try to convince me. He would do a good job. I I, don't believe it, but but um the moon is fake. Ladies and gentlemen, you heard it look at the moon. It doesn't exist at all all right, well, I I do want to see how this ends. If I can be frank, deal I mean it looks very real everything if it's fake, it's the greatest production designer of all time, brutally, like it's beautifully put together. That's true. This guy would be going places right now, oh, he would be like, like it's a just. It's just like incredibly setup the flat the two flashlights. Are you kidding me? That's incredible detail! Yeah! Oh he's! No he's not American! You know that right. He sounds like Scandinavian or something speaking English where'd. You hear that he said I hadn't, caught that before abandoned for a couple days, yeah go back, let's put the pieces together. This might be. Oh, what that's weird. What is his house like? Where is if this is where he goes to cook? Why does, and why would a guy like this have like a another he's got two houses [Laughter] with like a bun like 15, just [ __ ] holes. This is real by the way that, but that detail like who you'd met you could never, you guys, know, I, write it and could never write it yeah stranger than fiction, as they say, just [, __ ] with you. This is us right now. Okay, you want click. It let's see. Is this weird Wow? This is us live right now, I hate it. You know you have to. Will you have to wait till we open us live okay here, let me mute it so at least that it no! No, you have to go, but then it's like it's so bad cuz. They hear us through the laptop and it was just prepare. It I've made that mistake before. Okay. This is so weird that, like yeah, this is too meta. This is a this is a panic attack right now, bass yeah! This is what it feels like yeah. This is I'm having a panic attack right now. Oh that's good did wait. Can we get more meta with it? Well I, just we just cut to the wide. So in a moment, it's gonna okay games with dreams within dreams. Have you seen lights, camera Jackson's, interstellar, review, best reviews of all time by the way I just want to say: okay, like that um eighth grade, the reviews keep going up during the break there like Rotten Tomatoes up it's at a ninety nine point, nine points ya know it's at ninety nine point nine and it's like. If you can get all like B minuses and still have a hundred percent. Well, that's fine I mean it's still a good measurement. It's like yes or no. You don't mean yeah, yes and it's an emphatic. We all loved. This peaches are sausages and we got all peaches baby. It's all peaches here by all seasons a day um. How do we? Where do we go from there? Um I got some other stuff. We could talk about. Why? Don't you wanna a lot of [ __ ] yeah? Oh here's something I do I. Do I got a button that does that okay, pretty cool I saw you on the green room when you sat with all those comedians whatever and you were the young guy, and they were all like look at this young guy whatever. But there was one detail about that: you don't talk about it. That's fine Ansel! Well, anyway, I don't I'm, I love, Garry Shandling he's like I. Have nobody bad news for you, yeah wait. What is it he's? Fine, though, is he's living? Happily, he did yeah. Yes, rest in peace. He would've liked that maybe I dunno he's passed. Sadly, but I love so much this moment there and they introduced you and you're, like hey I'm from the new generation and I and I was just wondering who are you guys, hmm and I could tell a lot of them were rubbed the wrong way by that a lot of the guys were like I, specifically I thought like Marc Maron was like look at this [ __ ] kid you know yeah but whatever well, but then Garry Shandling came out with this beautiful response of like well, that's so great that you say that because the feeling so mutual yeah I was perfect, but not only was he perfectly funny, I feel like you, you were endeared to him and that throughout the rest of it he was very supportive and very accepting of you and just really sweetheart yeah and I was I'm, just wondering if you had any other interactions, what I did yeah I sort of had a relationship with him going forward like that's, we like over yeah, you play ball with him, I didn't it was more just one-on-one, just going over there on weekends and like sitting with him for a while- and he actually read the script of this movies, one of the first really hate it. Yeah Wow he's just super nice and super deep and kind, and just a smart, just a deep kind person, which is just very cool and very like patient and open, but yeah there's nothing worse than five comedians sitting around performing a violation. I mean it's so [, __, ], nose, Hey I, don't know that not that I, like I, just mean like everyone trying to outdo each other. It's so no yeah, I I feel like that. Situation was something that I would hate to ever be involved in. Just because it's like it's so competitive, it has to be otherwise you just if you don't want to compete to like prove how funny or witty you are. You just sit there like a [, __, ] idiot yeah, doing bits in life. Is it gets very, very exhausting, but that was a that was actually kind of a fun one, because I was so young. It was just like so different and it felt like we could all just sort of [ __ ] with each other a little bit but yeah yeah Gary's, a good dude, I love him I mean well: okay, I, don't okay cool! We talked about that yeah great he's, a very zen Eastern. Now he's such a Buddhist guy and like are you into that [ __ ] I wish I was you feel like you could be and I wish. I was yeah I keep trying, but then I never do like I bought a bunch of books and I'm like I'll read those someday yeah but as they say it's in the buying that the as they say, yeah you just like put the verb first, but the books in your shelf and they will by proximity man. Who's stands less on toilet, get high on pot yeah right. That was much better than what I said. What was yours, it really didn't go anywhere at all. I don't know. I was a great thing. I heard yeah any. How are you are you? Are you Buddhist? Are you into all that they Eastern stuff I'm? More into the idea of religion than I was as a cool-ass 19 year old atheist. You have come around, not a round I, just like I, don't really hold like it takes up. So little of my mind, criticizing it or no you you like felt, you felt probably we're younger than need to be like I mean so he is God dude and now I'm, like I, mean whatever you you get through. That right. Woman I feel the same exact way, there's something about when you're, young and you're like I'm, [, __ ], so smart I get this [ __ ] yeah, you idiot! It's like you think, there's a guy in the sky ya know like there are people that a lot smarter than you that are religious, so it isn't inherently Adama. Also it's like what do you understand about the universe? You little [ __, ] idiot? What do you understand about your own head? I mean like like that's the thing is that, like the subjective experience, is so mind-blowing Lee impossible to understand that sure god I mean I'm, not like I? Don't that we are any of any of this is how is God weirder than like anything that just existing I, don't believe in God necessarily but I, don't not believe in God yeah, I I believe in buying books about Buddhism putting on my bookshelf yeah. Well, we we pray to the god of brick and mortar yeah um. Do you go to a brick and mortar? Was it online online come online I'm, a home Smith, you think I'd show up around a bookstore. Have you once awesome, go to a bookstore I'm gonna bookstores I like to walk around a bookstore nice mom-and-pop shop like an Amazon books? You know the Amazon makes bookstores. Those are great real, down-to-earth. Are you serious yeah that bookstore yeah yeah they went and like just like? Did you not have enough of the market, but they literally truck they literally destroyed bookstores and then like then, and they're, basically dancing on the grid? Oh absolutely! No! No! They're, like they're, like [ __, ], their wives on their graves, yeah sorta, like Jeff's book store. It's like this dusty old [, __ ] place, yeah yeah, Amazon, bookstore I'll, go to churches too, when I'm in the city I'll go to a church and sit down, you'll sit down through the thing usually like on off hours. Cuz, it's like! Why do you go there? Do you pray I'll, see you on the plank yeah you find that the environment yeah does something quiet. Well sure, I've been to churches and cathedrals and there's definitely a vibe yeah, it's great! It's like and, like you really can't be on your when you're in there, it's not even about God, it's almost just about like the quietness of like just being there's something divine in existence. Let's just agree: we don't agree on, but let's just say, I think that, but like you really feel that there and it's like you, don't believe in Jesus Christ, you don't have to look at a guy in a cross, but there's something divine about being alive, and you feel that there and like silence is as valuable as it's ever been like. Silent attention is like so rare to get a less stimulation. Can I go to a church, I'm Jewish by coarse ethnicity? Yeah, if you don't mind, you're, not gonna, pick me out, they can be local, some dudes not gonna, be like you look a little Jewish can I see your ID, he wouldn't say a little straight ball. He wouldn't come out. That's yeah! Thank you. By the way, if you're cool with you know, I think you're you might I could go to a synagogue, hell yeah where I belong. Yeah, it's party there, but yeah churches for everybody. I didn't know that I think so. Is that what they say? No, but no no I want a lot of them. I, like my mom, goes to like a Presbyterian whatever in the the guy was like anyone's welcome at this table. If you're trans, if you're this, if it was like things, are changing things, are changing, can I talk about your mom. Your mom has a really interesting vocation: mm-hmm, she hospice Mercia. She Mende Hospice at my stupid boss, mansion, which is basically she takes care of end of life yeah and she works in a hospice center. So a lot of hospice nurses are out of you know: they'll go to they'll, go to a dying patient in their house, but this is where dying patients come and it's end-of-life care, so the average stay is two weeks. No one recovers. You know when you go there, you do not leave. She sees three or four deaths a day. What is it I'm curious just systematically how people end up there? Is it like a health insurance thing? Is it like a government thing? Um, that's a great question: I mean it's it's it's. When the dying process starts, I mean it's when the illness is fully move, Ollie terminal, you're, moving out of the hospital and into into a place where it's called end-of-life care, where you're just trying I'm only curious about how that came in to exhibit alike, who runs that I have no idea I, don't this bit she's kind of like. Where did that come from? You know, yeah huh, because the the most hospice is the specific out of Institute, like it's. Actually just nurses going to take care of you at home, so you're dying in your home. This sort of thing a hospice center is much much rarer, but no it's a lot of donations and things I mean like it's, not something. You know like a for-profit place, but yeah, it's pretty. So how is that like me and affected her? And maybe even you by Moxie I, mean surely that trickles down to your toes well, yeah he's just doing it 9 or 10 years now, and it's insane. You know she after the first two weeks of working there, she forgot the president's name. So she went to the hospital to get a cat scan because she thought she'd, a brain tumor and she went to work the next day and her boss said that just happens here. You just forget, you know you're, just gonna be blocking so much of what's happening out here that it's kamek that he's like. Oh, if you only told me I, would have told you that that happens to everybody here, yeah yeah, exactly and like when she was getting ready to interview for the place she saw like a body getting carried out, saying: I can't [ __ ]. Do this and then two weeks in she's carrying a body out chatting with the nurse's assistant, you know, puts in the car and turns around it's like whoa, great and I'll, be with her like a diner and a family will come up and be like patty patty. Oh my god, like you, know, cuz she saw her. You know their. You know, father through his last two weeks of his life and they'll leave and she'll go I. Don't remember them. You know she's, like the most and she'll, be some like the most important people in some people's lives. For you know, five of them a day yeah and it's like I mean how does that affect their personality. Changes I was incredibly stable and, like it's all women, you know it's like mostly all women there and it's like. Oh, it's like a really incredible example of like the sort of condescended stereotyped quality of of women, of like oh yeah, women or maternal and women are very caring, but it's like a a like military, like as as tough Oh version of that is, can be, and you actually realize that, like caring is actually is actually the most tough and resilient thing. You can actually do at its extreme mmm that I'm saying people come back from war. You know unable to [ __ ] process, mm-hmm thoughts. My mother comes back from watching like a 40, 40 year-old bleed out in front of his family, and she comes you know to like you know, smiles and cooks. Us dinner. You know like that. Is that is actual strength. You know, and it is um yeah she's wild wild stories, wild. That was, you know, people dying of alcoholism and she will dip a q-tip in Jack, Daniels and swab it in their mouth Wow. You know cuz, it's just it's just people dying of lung cancer. She takes them out. She wields them out into the snow and holds a cigarette to their lips. Cuz they're too weak. You know cuz, it's just end-of-life care, it's not about there's any. It's. Also very medical she's. Also like a nurse practitioner I mean she said she knows what she's yeah we've worked in the ER she's done these things so but um yeah, that's wild. You know, that's gotta, be one of the craziest [ __ ] jobs. You can possibly family members showing up like threatening to [ __ ], kill people like get my dad out of here. You shouldn't gonna mean like I'm, not adding to terms with that or like there don't want them here: they're, confused or they're. You know it's well, I can say just from person like my wife. Ella is going through something with their dad right now and like just hearing her talk about is like it's, so it's just so [ __ ] up like we're so bad at dealing with death. We don't think about it until it's there, and so like these women. These nurses, that are that are like such rocks for people, because my mother will sit there and go like she knows how to deal with it, and she knows what it looks like like I'm lying everybody. She knows how to deal with it and it's in dealing with. It isn't like to make it easier, but she she she she can say like she's, never seen last words in her life ever she says they almost. They almost never speak for the last two hours mmm. There is a last breath, but there's almost never a last word mmm. It's like really really incredibly, incredibly fast, she's right, but she was on an episode of because I talked a little bit about this on meirin's podcast like a long time ago and Nancy Updike from this American Life heard, and they did this American life and on my mom and you can hear her in the hospice center. It's it's like in some people. You know it sucks for her, because it's such an interesting job and and of course it is emotionally taxing and she needs to talk about it. But something like it's such a hard thing to talk about, because people hear about and they go like I. Just can't. [ __ ] hear that, but it definitely puts it puts my job into perspective. It very easily yeah I mean where I can just be like I, don't give a [ __ ]. What happens with you know this thing or that like I, just I, wonder if, like we as a society in this kind of [, __ ] ridiculous question out there but like if we just dealt with death better. You know what I mean like it's just it's this buggy. We all obviously know we're gonna die but like the thought of it, the prepping of it, the association of it, the way that, like we prolong it even when it's over like this, this is what this is all is that when people are dying and they're on death's bed certain to die and they're suffering, there's no quality of life, 11 the family suffering the person suffering. It's like you put. You prolong that for as long as possible. I, don't understand that yeah I think we've done better with grief. Then we have death, like there's cult, there's more of an infrastructure for the grieving process. You know I, think like we're more familiar with that I'm saying before we may it like: we've experienced funerals. We know what that is. We know that space a little bit. Those are very public and yeah, but the dying process for people unfamiliar with it is intense and my grand my father's father died at the hospice center. My mom was working at, but she couldn't work with him because they don't let you work conflict of interest, yeah yeah well, there's interest but like yeah, just like [ __ ] up, it's like it just wouldn't be healthy or something yeah I mean but yeah like my mother will come home like having a rough day and say what was it's like yeah I was a young person. You know it's like [ __, ] ins and it's in Massachusetts in like this beautiful, weird Center. All these windows and like the seasons are changing and it's like I would love to make a movie about it. It's just like a little crazy and heavy the subject. Matters is very interesting and I think it's something that they should be explored. Honestly, it's like I wonder if there's a way to make it that isn't brutally depressing. You know what I mean I know: I, don't think there is, but it could be beautifully depressing. Maybe but like there's one story that she told me: that's like incredible um, one of her nurses, aides, um, a lot of immigrants that would that work there and she was. She was a Haitian immigrant and she was in the room holding something in her arms in a towel, and my mother was working with a older gentleman who was very sick and sort of out of it, and my mother was like so she's gonna take care of you now and the old guy said some racial slur. You know this is a black woman who says like I. Don't want that whatever touching me or getting near me mm-hmm, my mother, turns to the nurse and she's, like you know, putting this stuff in him that, like conk, sit on it for a little bit, so they can like change his bedding and everything and my mom turns to nurses aide and, like you, don't have to do this like he said, that's really inappropriate! You know I'll, do this, don't worry and she's going? No, no, no, no holding a thing going! No! No! It's! Okay! It's! Okay! Okay, like hearing all this, and my mother watches, is the guy like dozes off for a bit, and the woman opens the towel and she'd been warming lotion. While he's saying all this stuff to her, she was warming lotion for him. He's passed out sports that he gives him like like works into his feet in his hands. That's after hearing your lazy, compassion, I! It's like incredible! It's like you know these. The people that do this or like true, truly angels and they're angels be, and then you I go to you know I go to the hospital. All the time to check in on. You know, see my mom and it's like a bunch of you, know little Boston, ladies being like oh you're out in Hollywood. Oh my god, I mean they're like little. It's incredible! It's it's! So it's a crazy little world there there was, there was I, think it was an HBO show about it. I never saw it, but they're moving. I would definitely love to watch anything about that. It's just I think it's documentary, I'd be the best. I mean you. The respect of the family makes it like you cuz. You can really do it, but I write that you should listen. It's called death and taxes that This American Life I'll check it very incredible, love it love that show. Well thanks for sharing that yeah yeah um. Do you well, let's? So, let's switch gears yeah, please! You know I used to do this thing at the end of our show, we used to ask people if they had ghost stories, but frankly, I. Don't I'd rather do something else with you: okay, good yeah, I, don't yeah I, didn't think you would and I frankly, don't either I, don't even know why it's still going on. It's like do you have ghost stories are like knows like yeah I, don't either um, like our fans, got into this thing about ghost stories, I'm like I, don't I, don't believe in ghosts. You guys regardless I want to do a new thing, oh yeah, which is that I have werewolf stories. Do you have I find the perfect video to watch with my guests? Oh yeah, to close up the show and I think I found the perfect video to watch with you, okay, okay. So, first of all, let me hit you with one of these okay now bow and the house is an origin meme. It's kind of one of our earliest and best memes and reactions are one of the best videos on the Internet. It's Papa, John, yeah I. Actually do remember this. You know the Papa John's do I. Do remember that there's the Torres house right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I, haven't seen this note. So I thought we'd watch it together. Yeah I do have the name of some like [, __ ]. You mean like some [ __ ] kid. Well, there's no music! Well, it'd! Be! Oh! Oh he's be! No! You know this [ __ ] spells his name. You do you just said he yeah yeah I was like that my French, but give me a [ __ ] break yeah, yeah yeah, of course not I feel bad for him. In a way, though, he probably got his ass beat in high school, though oh well, the good thing. Well, it's not like we're bringing him up any again to be shamed publicly in front of thousands. Wow he's grown up he's come to terms with the psi-man Jen. His dad is kind of taking the heat off his dad like he was on a conference call yeah. He dropped the n-bomb. Papa doesn't have the best track record, yeah yeah, so Hoppa John man, I love, Papa John, he's like he's, got sort of high curls. Oh, you know that that hot luxurious boy, you know what I always say about Papa John. He looks like a hammerhead shark he's nope, that's not what I say, but I like it. It looks like he's, stood too close to a pizza oven for too long cuz. You know what I mean like this pulp of Zappa Papa John. Here, let's give you guys the whole lore overview before we before we dive in headfirst. Here no I don't want Google to know my [ __ ] location. He always looks a little wet. That is what I mean like that. The cheese is melted. On his face yeah. He looks like that pizzas, a little overcooked. You know what I'm saying all right yeah he looks like just it's not. He looks like his own wax sculpture. That's a good way. To put it he's, clearly had some work, but man nothing can fix. Man that left eye is nothing trying to look at something else. Nothing could have fixed. Look at those brows bro. A couple pepperonis look at that like this Danny Zuko curl, he's trying to rock up top and like I mean that, like I will say to his credit, he's an incredible bit. He said he really was a guy with the pizza joint that grew it out of nowhere yeah. Well, you know what some pizza joints got to work so yeah I mean here. Let me show you this I mean wait, is Papa John's, the one with the garlic sauce yeah, it's actually pretty I love Papa John's yeah. It started from a real place. This whole Papa bless. It started from a real place of love for Papa. You know, I mean he'll various shit-faced uh-huh I mean here you go, get it close up. Yeah he's got a real 90s, magician vibe right yeah, like Abe. Remember that shows on ABC, with a guy, would wear white mask and expose all that I love that every magician would at home would be like what the [ __ ] dude. That was him. The one angry, but was it I wanted to show you? Oh I, don't know if there's so much Papa John content to show you Papa is in the house is really. This is nuts not. This is like a separate computer. Just for this right, I would like never broadcast my web browser I lived like be terrifying, so know that well, yeah, yeah yeah. Yes, yes, you see my related video you'd be like no okay. No! No! No! This is just for here, baby I'm, all good, no history on this one yeah, it's like Destiny's Child feet that was giving no I feel you man here. This is the one I want to show you just the beginning. They staged this whole ridiculous, promotional thing, I love how he thinks he's like a celebrity. Like he's a pizza celebrity, you know what I mean he's a it's. A [ __ ], oh hey, you know what, though he spoke it into existence. Man yeah he wanted to be coming to became it. He did well, not me not what he wanted, but he did become something been the higher they climbed the harder they fall very true. So anyway, they went and set. This whole thing up like he's supposed to go to this culinary school and teaching people how to make a pizza, but it's so obviously fake I mean, but he has people I mean just enjoy this yeah there everyone's got paper plates and the host is just the most flattering: [ __ ] judge a bear. I just got this: it's it cannot be over you, that's incredible! Alright, I get to the [ __ ] point I, like this yeah I, like this part in the show where we're like already hour and a half in so now, it's like nobody's really watching Yeah right right. So it's like the pressure is really off at this point. This guy's the CEO of secrets of Louisville chefs. So apparently it's part as a series right here look at. Is this not like? I, just like a fever dream, it feels like Tim and Eric yeah exactly yeah. The mural is an insane at the back hold on. You he's got a laugh and they don't mute it. So you can hear him making. These really weird sounds like he goes like like that. Oh my god was. You know credible I. Somehow I've never made a video about this because there's ray there's only a few wonderful moments like this, but the rest is just so boring. No, no! No, but this is beautiful and like 93,000 is truly under the radar. Oh yeah, oh yeah, I'm sure they put a lot of marketing in this. But here oh I didn't go back one. Can we stop? For that I mean he is like it's. It's listen he's Pappajohn. Sometimes that's enough! It wasn't enough. When was this yesterday, all the [ __ ] went down right, yeah, it's weird little [ __ ] he's probably doesn't as the, but he does not have the best track record. He he was when it was in the news first when he was like I'm, not gonna. [ __ ] increase my pizza prices by one cent to give my employees health care because of Obamacare. They were like you, cheap [, __ ], probably John I mean if, if, if the CEOs of our pain, our celebrity CEOs of our pizza chain, restaurants can't survive the current cultural moment. Who can yeah I feel like I'm next? And you know what the thing is: it's like, we don't have to get into a [, __, ] ham or whatever, but like we have to take him so seriously, because it's like it's kind of like he could be President. So we just literally, we have to take him seriously yeah. We actually have to be worried about this that, like, if that's the problem with the culture and I, want to get in all that [ __ ] you I mean but like what's insane. Is that like? If the entire culture exists on the same level and on the same plane and it mimics our [ __ ] phone? It's like you scroll through your Twitter and you or your Instagram, and you will see in no particular order. Your mother, your friend, Geico, the president, the United States Kim Kardashian, and it's like and that's what the national conversation has become like it's just all the same. It's like when Kanye freaked out. We have to take them seriously. Cuz like what's the [ __ ] difference, there is only one conversation being you join I'm, saying yeah, it's like well we're yeah, it kind of like we I would just be the guy [ __ ] this guy, but it's like no like. We have to actually keep an eye on our pizza guys because they may run the [ __ ] world yeah. It's crazy, yeah, no I think that's true! Well and similarly, he got in trouble when he said that the NFL people need to stop protesting because it's affecting pizza prices. Did you see that whole thing when the kneeling NFL player or yeah NFL? And he was like listen I'm gonna pull my sponsors. He was like their number one sponsor and if these guys keep yelling because our pizza sales are down since they started protesting, that's crazy, but and the nailing things like I personally and publicly have I've always been like. What is why do you [ __ ] care, but also like don't? We know that, like the Department of Defense pays like 50 million dollars like that all the flag, [ __ ] is advertisements for the military. The department defense pays the NFL like well. Why pay them to do a salute? Yeah, all the other, reuniting troops and stuff those are paid paid stage things -, that's [, __ ]! So like no wonder, they're angry, obviously, because, like you're, it's not that like you're kneeling during the anthem, it's like no, no you're kneeling during our ad time. Judging our art! No, this is answer yeah yeah. No, this is a we paid for this [ __ ] to be an advertisement and your that's a [ __ ] great advertisement. That is exactly people that are go sign up, hmm, yeah and then like and like chill whatever I mean I think it should be stated. You mean, like I'm, saying it's not I, don't think whatever doesn't the FCC have rules like I as a youtuber need to disclose when I'm sponsored the military sponsors the NFL? Nobody needs to be like hey. This is a page. This national anthem is a paid sponsorship. Yeah, it's that's [ __, ], creepy, crazy, yeah! Well, yeah I mean oh well, let's get them off the field. In that case, I don't know they're disparaging the sponsor yeah. Exactly now, do we got a brother yeah yeah? Well, anyway, can we please acknowledge them mm-hmm, it's too good? No, but that is truly. That is what I search for it's like the micro moments of those. This is a beautiful micro moment. Yeah, yeah and boom goes. The dynamite is so good because it it's like it's one. After a [, __ ] point that very well yeah I mean goes the dynamite that he coined. That I don't know it's his now, I mean if he coined that then, but that's what's so sad about is he's flailing and then in the but he's back to the thing that he wanted to say if it went well which goes the dynamite but yeah it's like. So what do you feel for pop right now? Do you sympathize with them? No! Okay! No! Like sympathize with this man, it's hilarious! You want I, just can't believe, like I. Just can't believe what the headlines look like. Yeah, like Papa John, it's crazy drop, raise Muppet John dropped, the N bomb on conference, call with Board of Directors yeah and you're like yeah, and that should be funny or weird or like I'm saying it should be like some weird face off and not look indistinguishable from like geopolitical headlines. I totally hear you I think I have this problem with Twitter News, which I love Twitter news. It's almost like it's like a [ __ ] IV of all this [ __ ] right into my vein, like I. Don't almost use Twitter at all, just the news yeah times yeah album is like what happened with Shane Dawson somebody just out of the blue. What was it then? They accused him of being a pedophile or some [ __ ]. What was it, but it was just like so unfounded and they ran it as this headline and I was like damn that shouldn't be. You know, like you, said next to to the point where he said he was getting like accosted at Starbucks and stuff right like just because some [ __ ] blasted on there. That's not it, let's, let's not, let's not veer off too far, but no, but it's incredible to talk about the dangers of the Internet while also showcasing them bite during its thing. Yeah I mean this thing. Is so [ __ ] awesome! Look at this. It's got pictures yeah, I'm very excited about that like and you can customize it. I've got another one. I mean we I mean this is just the beginning. Like yeah I'm gonna have a lot of fun right as I get I get this. What you want to do it I've got a little bit go enjoy so, let's, let's venture forth bravely, if, if we may oh we're doing this still yeah, okay. This is why I brought you here. Clearly: okay, but the pizzas [ __ ] good, like you could say: oh oh Wagner was a Nazi. You could Bob. There was a Nazi. You know what like his music was pretty dank, dank is the word I think he was hoping. People would think it was dank yeah I mean it's. You know the chick-fil-a thing. It's like those sandwiches, pretty hairy, [, __, ], dank! Well! That's the conversation. Can we separate the art from the pizza mogul? Can we separate the the garlic sauce yeah? Probably what looks like waterlogged young vampire, ready, yeah. That's a good description like that some-some rumored, that the garlic sauce is the secret of his loss of his long life. Is that right, yeah? It's like a slight more, it's probably quite the opposite for everyone else. You think he's he doesn't drink that garlic, sauce I drink it. You do [ __ ] I, throw the pizza I drink, that [ __ ]. Really, no, you don't right! You're in school, I used to need them that in school we used to think you're. Like fifth grade. We would line up shots of russian dressing. Dude right. Did you like the dressing or was it meant to be gross? It was like at that age when it's like, there's no you're, not doing drugs and stuff so you're like getting a - Cassie yeah you mean like sweet all right. There was one friend we used to pay to eat anything weird like he was up for anything that reminds me of any [ __ ] thing I'm telling you bro, hair, really dog, [, __, ], okay, one dollar way anything wait. He ate a dollar or for one dollar or one dough. Okay, I'll give you a dollar I thought you were trying to get worse going to do. You need anything: hair, [, __, ], a dollar. Well, to be frank, that may be the grossest one yeah who dollars yeah. We said friends, these do poo dollar OSA, you put poo on a dollar and you leave it outside, like, oh, yes and then everyone's like a dollar yeah and then there's [, __ ] on it. But it's it was law jackass. That was a big part of my childhood. I met, Steve, oh sweet guy. Oh he was on here. Oh I was like he's, really cool: okay, yeah yeah. They were important. I agree as important as Papa. That was another one. That was a different one. It's so loud. Alright, don't act like I, didn't pay everyone to be here. You [, __, ], I'm, very proud to be here, and this advertisement, I paid for and the racism in hindsight is pretty. Is there he's a good old boy yeah in all the ways that a good old boy is a good? What it's also just like the mural, then I, don't know where the mural is killing me. These giant onions, yeah the harvest. The bounty was sweet this year, Papa. Just like this sharp. Who do you think out? Who do you think picked those? Let me just put it that way. On Papa's, a plantation mm-hmm Pass, look at this 309 153 all right, bye anyway, this this isn't. Why we're here? Are you I'm out of water? Ian? Can I can I get a glass a little reader? Well? Can we get a refill for Christ's sake? Thank you. So this is really the the croup de Gras is that is that right, croup, DeGraw qu. Can this be a coup de Gras? This video, no I, don't think so. I saw it just looks confused. I, don't know that is what is coup de Gras, it's like the crack. It's like the final blow yeah the final blow. They um I'm waiting for it he's the worst. It's all good, yeah, good guy in the intern. Now he's the worst. You don't know, don't say that you don't know I'm like I. Don't you just being nice? Don't do it thanks, see and you're the best appreciate you and you got the bottoms of that tracksuit. Oh, who said it is that good or bad I don't know no I'm telling you but he's not wearing them. You don't like the whole Adidas tracksuit. Look note on him. I'm on board now dude [ __ ]- that guy alright. So this is in its entirety. This beautiful, wonderful advertisement that Papa John made with the Sun is fave helper and his best friend Bo to celebrate their Papa. John calm come in life 2010, and this is the title they used. This isn't someone else. They put this here: Papa and son. First order on the new Papa John: calm; ok, ok, ok! Now the first thing I already love about this is like I'm, so relatable and behind me is a mausoleum yeah. It's like a [, __ ], huge statue of an eagle, yeah yeah, that's crazy, I love it also! It's a wedding ring is that thing is its glyphic, a lot of yeah yeah. A lot of pizza has been sold them by that. Also he's just cruising around this Papa John sure like this is how I hang out at home. Yes, crazy, the lot, the untuck long-sleeve red, the long-sleeve, Collard Papa, John's, shirt, I, love that they have him just wearing that every day at home it projects business, yet casual, rolled-up, sleeves worker um. You know I was just you know, digging one of my maid's graves. Oh hey there yeah. Oh you caught me. I was just digging a grave for one of my fallen maids, the secret ingredient. That's a good one broke. Did you really have to do the set your [ __ ]? Here's the church, here's the steeple open the doors, no Jews, no Jews! That's the Papa John! That's Papa John. What was that was that one of the old school playground thing? Oh, of course you don't know this. Here's the church, here's the steeple, open the doors, look at all the people! No, no! It's not how they used to say that back in 2010 people say that about Jews mmm didn't know that he'll know Jews I feel like he should have done this somewhere else is all like. You have a [ __ ] dragon in your Hall and like made of gold in your hallway like wait. What is that? Well, it looks like uh. It's something. Let's go looks like a Gyarados. It's hard to tell man. Is that a mythical creature? Oh it's! What magic harp revolves in -? Oh yeah, that's a mythical creature, don't say no, it's not a myth! Pokemon myth! It's a only I wish so much. The Pokemon was real. When I was a kid. Oh, my god, oh thanks, man was where it was at. I didn't play snap. That was the best. Why? What? What's not the picture? One right, uh woman, you take pictures I, don't it was like perfect. It was crazy for n64 I'm waiting for a Pokemon on the switch man. I can't [ __ ] wait for a 3d Pokemon Oh Biddy yeah! Well, you know, like oh yeah, like uh, you know what I'm talking to totally yeah I'm, saying so relatable man so glad you did in your [ __ ] house like. Why did you do this in your house? Do it at a pizza store he's almost like he's flexing on us yeah, it's a lot hey! This is to grow up. I have feel those clocks I have over this kid he's like yeah. Well, you can see that the deadness in his eyes, I mean here yeah for Bo he's doesn't gotten over. This was the house. Oh, that's! So sad yeah, no, it is that Oh his body to the the baggy shirts, not hiding it Bo in the house, post the weakest hands in the air yeah. It's like damn how old it's a weight that kids, what all day he's, probably 12 or so he's 20 now yeah bo. If you're out there dude I, love you, we forgive you your dad made bomb ass pizzas, but you do not have to be what he is I mean. I hope you make pizzas I hope you carry on that family legacy, because that is a valuable I like the pizzas yeah. Maybe you should start Bo's pizza, yeah, Papa, Bo, yeah, shet himself, the hole you're gonna have to change the spelling, though, because people won't relate to that yeah, you don't have to live in the shadow of your father. You can do your own, that's a thing yeah, not anything! Just you can do. I was afraid. You're gonna say you can do any. No! No! You can do anything in the pizza industry. This is like Foxcatcher eating Foxcatcher. This is like what I wish Foxcatcher well I mean foscar's weren't, my favorite movies. Ever what is it? What is it but John du Pont who, like this is a crazy millionaire billionaire who like had a bunch of like wrestlers, come wrestle on is like mansion property men. Are you know it it the movies with Steve Carell and Channing Tatum and Mark Ruffalo? It's incredible! It's so weird and amazing, but this for my time is that almost would like to watch a reality. Show with these two yeah, almost oh I feel I love you Maddie. What's this whole angle like it's like they're like we need a family angle on this I get to do with you. You know after this camera goes off he's like [, __ ], you dad yeah. Of course I. Don't know you know what, though I don't know they love each other I mean I, think Bo's, genuine I, think he's a real dude. Really in this moment you think he's being real. Well here, let me play it shot him he's night that night pizza he's got all the moves. I'm, just waiting for the Thunder to settle, okay, I might take a little pizza, I'm scared and wish he had a relationship with mom still yeah yeah I'm, anxious all the time and I prefer Little Caesars frankly call him jalapenos and to be frank with you, I know it's jalapeno and ever since Nielsen hello, what yeah jalapeno? That's what you said right right, I know: Tala Pino, it's jalapeno, jalapeno I, know that, though I know that I know what the double L means can I say that double l jalapeno, the double O makes a. Why sound? Are we confused? If there is you else in jalapeno? Oh, my god. Don't think there are right. Okay, the point is: let's, let's go: let's, let's rewind this, it's not Michael P! No! It's like a pain yet hold on. Let's rewind, this anytime I sound like an idiot I go I'm Dyslexic, but but the point I wanted to maybe successful this ability you can be. You can be successful without learning to do this. Just ask mozart Einstein exactly he was a Asperger. He had Asperger's, he wasn't an ass I thought. That's out was said: no I know that it's jalapeno jalapeno jalapeno, okay, jalapeno I, know it was something like that. Okay, but once I watch it it's all you didn't, jalapeno am I getting am I okay? Am I passing the test, see I think wow? No, please ride that button to Valhalla, but once I watched this I started, saying jalapeno and I couldn't stop like yes and and it's actually a problem, I call it a jalapeno. No, it's also like who you know. Whatever yeah we can. We can end it. There I'm saying we're mostly white yeah super butchers. You know maybe we're doing croissant and we can leak have our way, but they're not have our way but like when it went when like a when I went a late, lame white person like overreaches -, that's all wood, that's that's also, like you know, just normal. It's like all good, no, it's weird when they go like when they go like I hate that it's just like! Oh yeah. What do you think you are you're, my dad doesn't yeah time to when we go to Mexican restaurant yeah. He starts doing like jive with the with the Mexican waiters, like speaking fucked-up Spanish them right I'm like dude you. How do you even know they speak? Spanish, they're, probably American, but maybe it's respect because I was just thinking. I, don't know it can't yeah I'm, just saying it. Maybe it is I'm, saying I if, like, if I find it embarrassing, I'm saying something like Chinese guy came over. It was like hamburger, I'd be like okay, thanks I mean I, don't know so maybe it's cool wow thanks for being thoughtful, hey I! Just look like a hamburger there's! A very funny thing is actually in Sweden. They did a show where they're, like speaking and they're, doing the equivalent of like four Swedish we'd, be like oh, like Walter, Walter Walter we're and they do it for English they're, not speaking English, but what English surprise to them, and it's a bunch of people going like purdah nation, karuppa, taraj, para favorite, -, total Achara. I guess that's what it sounded like to them. It's all like our Batian - great yeah. That's a good one to look up, but so, if you are a minority, please hit them with those hard arse. Next time you see me yeah, it'll be very respectful. Well, I can't I Johnny hit that hard, ah yeah yeah yeah. He hit that are a little too hard, don't hit it that hard, don't ever hit no one, but I can't I can't really tell if it's respectful or embarassing to like speak [, __ ] up Spanish to somebody. You know, I think you know it's said that maybe my dad yeah your dad, no because, like I, know, people that are fluent that, like of course nobody every thing he does embarrasses me. You know and I'm like a grown man, and he still is capable of embarrassing me so brutally that I hold my head in shame. Yeah, that's part of the power daddy wield it's beautiful, though yeah! That's the job! That's the job! Yeah, okay! Well, regardless we are, we we were flying through this. We really gotta push yeah you [ __, ] idiot. Why would you even admit that it's not endearing? He thought it was endearing yeah. You know I've never been on the internet before ever ordered anything. Is that right? It is that what laptops look like eight years ago? What's he like Cheers he's like Dell, that you like this is really a time capsule of like eight years, eight short years. Look at what the chairs look like back, then hmm rich Mahara, living in castles back then Wow things were much better where the mm-hmm bone-chilling. Where are all those sounds that we know he makes I wish we had those on there [Music], damn we're gonna the sound bite. Those seem to really have entered some heat on that couple. Sorry, pops! Oh, we need to sound bites, Odie pops! So again, I heard I've watched this video and I can't stop saying Saudi pops now yeah Saudi pop sorry, which is so good. That's cute! So good it's! It is cute, it's sweet thing. Oh there was a little faux pas there. There was a little mess up there. That I haven't noticed before oh, never, mind he's like okay, yeah I thought it was someone off screen being like all right: okay, so, okay, good banter, there. Oh wait, you were actually I was like whoa I, don't remember, being there, there's really not much to say at this point, I feel like just a couple of old, good old boys ordering a pie. Oh here. This is great. This is nailed that one I love Matt love Matt. While look at Matt, you know what Matt is real. Matt is real: oh yeah, no Matt didn't even know they were shooting Matt's. You really tell it's like it is real yeah! That's why I love Matt so much and here's this point where Papa he needs to point out here. So you can see it gave you tip big Tim, nice boat, you'd, get it dude, but like crowd, there's new dad I feel a kinship. With this kid you like y'all's, dad the business yeah I mean he's, got the sweet ass, like you know, sort of straight yeah like he's got this thing. Yeah on I feel good. You are low, so here I want to wrap it up with this beautiful last moment. Here Matt you made history today, goddamnit good job, Matt you're, the greatest man. Surprise you get to [ __ ], my wife in front of me. You think he let Matt in he's got that vibe he's got a [, __ ], you think so literally we can't even say cuckolding anymore cuz. Now it's got political. Oh that's! True! It's kind of lost all meaning! Well, that was it! That's all. I have bro I freeze a lot of fun yeah thanks for being here it was. It was really an honor and pleasure to to meet you and hang out with you, hey and don't be part of this I've been alone a long time, viewer first time BR here, that's insane that you washed our stuff. Thank you and I want it. What are you doing? Good work and I appreciate it and like thanks a lot of other people do and the girl in the movie is a huge fan of yours. You seemed so excited. Can I do to like show her appreciation? I, don't know just she just hearing. This will be she's amazing, I love, her Kelsie Fisher she's great. If you're in New, York or LA I see the movie and it'll be other places other other times, 99 percent on Rotten Tomatoes, this movie is a heartwarming. It's wholesome. It's a [, __, ] or romp. It's a beautiful little slice of life. It's it's gonna, you're, gonna, love it and you're. Gonna leave thinking about it and the best way possible can I say that you said it I said it I. Didn't you permission? Thank you either. Please go see. Eighth grade, it's gonna be out nationwide in two weeks and thank you so much bo. You can see it in New York in LA, but who cares kind of hard? Thank you for having me it's kind hard to catch. Its insulae select, theaters yeah. You know catched. If you can it'll be in the like ten more cities next weekend and then everywhere the we connect everywhere everywhere, baby right, Thank, You, Bo oof. Thank you guys for watching. We love you and appreciate you and we will most definitely be seeing you next week. Thanks everybody, Tata [Music].