Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast, that's right heel up! Thank you to today's sponsors and the empty quip and stitch fix next week's guest is the great and wonderful rhett and Link of good mythical morning. I'm very excited to have them. They will be joining us on Thursday at 7 p.m. PST an unusual time. Please leave your questions for them on the subreddit. We will also be having an extra episode. This Tuesday top of the bud joining us on the mic and sound war will be the funny and wonderful good friend of mine, Zak Adel, aka psychic pebbles. It's gonna be a magical. Mystery ride, so join us on Tuesday, but enough with that peripheral BS, because today's guest is perhaps the most underrated youtuber of all time. For sure of all time. His production quality is beyond anything I've ever seen on YouTube and every video has the production, quality and visual effects of like a multi-million dollar Hollywood production. It's insane he's been doing it for 10 years and he's in my he's one of my favorite channels and he's criminally under watched. You may know him as Captain disillusion he's a superhero whose special power is skepticism. He debunks conspiracy theories and faked special effects in a wonderful comedic way that I have not seen anywhere. He is the incredible Randi of the new generation. I cannot sing his praises enough and it is a great honor and privilege to introduce the wonderful Allen, Melek Jane Ian, to the show and also Allen and viewers at home. Did you realize that we're on a green screen this whole time Oh who's, the special effects master now dude green-screen ourselves into our own studio? Please who's on that level. I know how to drag and drop ultra keys. Alright, with that being said, I hope you all just got freaked out. Let's get wrong with our boy. Allen got him. What did you think about that? How what do you think about our special effects? You know what [ __ ] this [ __ ] Wow? Okay, that's what happens when you out dock. They don't know what you think you're so smart, but actually he's called the amazing Randi all right. So you got that wrong. Incredible Randi, I'm sure he'll. Take incredible, thank you. So much for being here, god bless ya great to see you thank you for having me hi, I, think hi and everybody who's ever seen. Your videos has got to be a huge fan. Thank you! So I, it's great that we finally get a chance to say what up I'm so happy to be here. I should warn you guys, though, that uh, the the the first, the only other time I've been to LA before now, has been for like work reasons with this company that I've been years ago- and we came here to get like an endorsement from a famous person and our experience was- we came to LAX landed, went straight to Beverly Hills to meet in the home of this, like well-known film director who was in our meeting but I'll say another name, though, because during the meeting which went fine, it had to be paused for a minute because he was visited by rock musician guitarist Slash, which just showed up with a DVD of a cartoon that he produced or something. That starts like a kid version of himself that he wanted to show the director, so they watched it in his bedroom like sitting on the bed yeah and we're there watching them. Watch this like a couple of kids and then you know he they finished. He left. We finished our meeting went back on the plane, so I'm just saying the level of weirdness has to be maintained. This trip like, if you guys, can help me out so I, have a story. Each time is not an uncommon experience. No, no he's a strange city. It's way too big, hmm! There's everybody takes freeways that are like. You can't see anything when you're on the freeway, so you have no grasp of what the city is actually like. A lot of people come here for business. They just their experience, is being stuck in traffic all day and then they leave they're like what's the yeah, what did I like it? It's just you got a you got it good understand, like ten years here be like yeah, I'm gonna fall in love with it yeah over time. I get it and I know it's not that romantic. It's not like I think you succeed here, fall in love, yeah, that's how it works. Maybe my first question, for you is: how long does it take to do that makeup used to take a really long time like I, was so slow and bad at it. It took me like maybe like 45 minutes like it shouldn't. Look like it takes that long, but I got it down to about 15-20 minutes when I'm like just breezing through it. That's still it's it's a process and I. Imagine like how many shoot days do you have per visit? I try to keep it to one for that very reason, but sometimes yeah we'll have like a proper like movie shoot day where it's like an 8 to 12 hour day, we're just like. Let's get because I do 12 takes of everything and I can't really talk good, so yeah we'll just shoot everything through, but sometimes if it involves me like being in a different location or something outside the place. So we'll we'll do like a separate day. So there's a lot of planning that goes in through the script, probably because it's gotta be all right. I mean I treat treated like short films. You know like we do and I went to film school. We did little films all the time and it's the whole I do everything by the book that way. I write the script I'll plan it out, do a shot list and Wow. Do it in the nerdy way? So when you say well here, I want I want to I would like to for the uninitiated here in the audience watch one of your videos, I want to just give the people out there who aren't familiar with your work. Some is that okay, oh yeah, I, hope it's not one of the old ones that I know I want to watch your first. Video is like what the hell like your first videos from ten years ago and aren't all the other bought videos at that time. I bought a square yeah mine's a square technically, but it's like letterbox to be 16, and now it looks normal yeah. At a time you are I had to add a special tag because it was like you know how that the thing that happened where, like you, had the widescreen video and if you got boxed in twice right, so there's like a little tag they made. You could put it in and it's like ahead of the freaking game even ten years ago. So, okay I want people to get the full D the big ol D that they deserve. No quick T's here, big fat D, so here is your I think this is your most recent video yeah, you made you you at home may no have heard of the invisible box challenge. I happen upon it and basically, what you do, generally speaking, is fine online phenomenons or how would you call it? People who are trying to get away the something yeah I mean just hoaxes and a little depends. Sometimes it could just be something unusual and you can't tell if it's real or fake, or someone really deliberately deliberately trying to like fool people, it's different thing, or sometimes it's just a viral ad right. So you debunk stuff videos, essentially graphical effects, mainly yeah I, like I, just call it debunking for ease of like understanding but sometimes I'll, just like kind of critique a thing or say: hey, here's how you could do this, you know, and this is how they did it. This is how you could do it sometimes I'm, really pissed off and I think what they're doing is wrong and I kind of really criticized the people behind it sometimes I'm having fun with it. When you say, are you talking about the character or yeah? How what's the difference between what you feel and what the character feels I mean it's like a heightened exaggerated version of, like my impulsive reactions, to what I see, but, of course, it's made. You know I like to think I'm, a nice guy. This is like how I wish, like the dickish version of me, that I wish I could be and I think it works just for comedic effect. Sometimes it's like almost what not to be like how not to react. It's you know it's like a reverse like I love, it I think I. Think it's so funny. I love the character. Well, here, let's watch this. First of all, let me say: I love how you just flex on all the people in this video because you're, like you guys, were all doing this fake box challenge. But if you were good, this is how you would do it. Basically, let's watch I think we should just go ahead and pronounce the word meme. The way we all read it in our heads I admit something embarrassing. Yeah you're, like my first two years on the internet, I, said I, said Mamie yeah me too. Why I didn't talk on the internet, but that's how I thought it's pronounced. How would you? How are you supposed to know you were in, is what you're supposed to yeah you're supposed to hear the audiobook of the Richard Dawkins book. He says no, but I was I was chastised by my friends, because I was walking around saying Mamie, that's so embarrassing, but I was there like it's me, Mom I should bring it back. Yeah I mean it's more fun to say little circle, yeah the dank maymay. Well, you guys are trendsetters. Now you could do this. You brought it back you're, the main main guy. It's a perfect still. There meme already means mime in French, so the viral trend. We call that should at least involve some actual miming skills like, for instance, the invisible box challenge. You know the thing that was a thing for a while, where you try to convincingly step over nothing, it truly took off when someone actually managed to do it. Well was that one fake? No! No! That's that's. Okay, that's the one I saw like that's cool I mean none of them are fake, I mean there are a few, the ones that are highlight you know yeah and it kind of came later, the phenomenon of faking it because people wanted to one-up each other. But first people were just trying to do this dance move which I guess she does the best do it well and that someone was see your Texas varsity cheerleader Arielle Olive are here. She is on NBC's Today Show, explaining how to perform the move in a series of shots that break every possible rule of composition. Let's watch okay. First, you to show them as nothing there like a magic trick, and then you lift your leg or no. You have to pass I thought you were gonna do bunk! This place turns out. You just didn't like the well behind the scenes extra here you see they have a little green screen thing going on in that show, because later they do a joke of it. The hosts join her and they do it. Anyone can do it well. Anyone who is strong, lightweight and extremely coordinated, like Ariel and me watch this your green screen, setup yeah, well, I made this like rigged up to look sadder and fall. It's incredible what you can accomplish with relatively small resources. Sure just gotta know how to make it look good and notice the green shirt on green green screen. That was not easy. What you mean green yeah before before the green screen disappears, it's actually being keyed. You gotta have the skills, understand exactly what I'm looking at here like I'm wearing that green shirt there, everyone what is being keyed on green screen for that little bit, and that's just you know, that's just how you just experience that skills right, oh my god Dan! Well, how do you feel about that? Are you insecure? Back there, a little bit we were struggling, we were struggling keying out that perfectly lit professionally setup. Look good to me is that it is that a good conditions for a greener for a green yeah yeah. We can't really. We can't really good another part that I love the view in door types. How about this? When you start flexing on these haters and show how it could really be done feel like much of a challenge how about this? My totally fake invisible box, video breaks all those rules, the camera is handheld and moving a clear shadow shows my foot not touching anything, and this alternate angle shows I wasn't suspended from above. Can you tell how I did it so when you all reveal so great? So how long did it take you to actually, as you go into the details of how you did it and putting dots on the concrete okay after finding just the right location completely and I filmed the shot with a real box, dotted with tracking markers I, also put a dense grid of markers on the ground in front of the box. Like all these markers help, me extract a camera salt and refill all the dots in the back you set up like, though the back are just just features that are dot looking, but mainly. What was important is that area move in 3d much more precisely than could be done with auto tracking armed with this 3d animated recreation, I was able to freeze one frame of the pavement without the box, which I made sure to capture right after filming the move and projected back on to the virtual ground surface, making the box literally invisible throughout the moving shot forced. It also made everything else that entered the area disappear and while the green on the Box helped a little I ended up manually, rotoscoping my hand and foot and their respective shadows to appear on top of the box and visibility patch. Ironically, the biggest challenge was removing the markers that made the effect possible in the first place, painting them away in one frame and using the same projection method as the box wasn't enough, because my shadow moved across them. So I picked individual frames where various markers are in shadow, painted each one and combined a series of projections until I had a version of the entire grid in shadow I then used the tracking data to stabilize a 2d projection of my shadow and rotoscope did to create a mat that controlled when and how a shadow moonwalkers revealed after SIA final tweaks and color adjustments. I ended up with a pretty convincing take on a meme that was already extremely out of date when I started being trans out a couple questions that was so great yeah. That was actually one of my favorite moments. From from your videos of how about that whole sequence came together. How long did it did it? Take you to put all that together. Well, I I mean I, take I release a video a month, and so you know that the old, like adage they a task, is going to take as long as the time you a lot for it. So it pretty much takes me every day of the month. To put it together, but like the effects, are definitely the longest portion because I'll shoot it in a day like I said I'll do like the rough editing in a day and then I just sit there for days doing moving the fine work. So you you, you spend the bulk of your time doing all the visual effects. Do you? Do you, edit yourself, yeah I, everything every like moment of every video I've done on my own? You know if I was smart, I could like collaborate with people and get people to help me, but you know I'm still working on that I'm figuring out how I can I can make that someone on that level which could you ever trust somebody else that edit ear style just you just have to know how to meet the right people and, like you, know, kind of find like minds and people of the same skill level, but I'm not like you know. What's funny, as we were watching that I wanted to say that yeah it looks it's pretty dense and I'm explaining a lot of stuff, but honestly, like anyone that does visual effects when they watch that they'll be like yeah sure, like that's what we do, nothing's what we do every day, huh I mean it's it's just that kind of complicated like it's, it's yeah, but you know it's funny well before I knew how to edit I used to watch these like MLG, montages and I was like that's magic. It's like just really shitty meme, it's hunger, but now that I see that it looks really easy yeah but I'm interested what you said about how it takes you so long to make a video it's so hard for you, your video, to be relevant by the time you finish it. Do you find yourself coming along that problem? Frequently yeah I mean you know that, like YouTube move so fast, is that you're trying to hit on something trendy, so I'm I've learned that I? Just that's not something I'm always able to do so. I'm like aiming for things either like this I'll. Just play it off and say: well now it's my turn to talk about this or I'll just pick things that are kind of timeless. Like a lot of viral videos just come around like you just come back, then they do like they're like a comment. I had an episode called viral comments where it's just like stuff. Somebody just starts sharing the thing from 2002 again and it's like how did you tell me about your background of visual effects and special effects? You studied it in college, but how did? How did you actually get good I didn't actually study visual effects in college right I always was interested in like moviemaking and animation, and it was always a toss-up for me between which of those two fields I'm really going to pursue and when it was time to go to college I picked this like kind of little like dingy little film school that was just starting out and and they had a computer animation program that was all fancy and this little like trihard little film, Department and then I signed up for animation, but at the last second, like after the first day of school, I realized I need to change my major because animation and anything with visual effects with computers. That's something you can learn on your own honestly, like there's especially now this. This was before like tutorials and things, but there were books on the subjects and you could you could just get the software and figure it out and play with it until you figure out how it works, but with filmmaking, shooting stuff editing, you've got a it's like a team sport and if you don't learn in like a safe way how to work together with everybody how to delegate and everything, then you there's no and also like play with all the fancy equipment that you don't necessarily need. Just can't get tons of money, yeah, so I said yeah I spent like I studied that properly and then I kind of just taught self-taught in terms of effects in it. Well so people who want to learn how to do this or learn to make film is that the important thing that you learned from film school more than anything just how to work in that that team environment would you say, yeah well like specifically just things not with not having to do with effects just making movies telling stories. That's something it's difficult to do on your own. You can watch a YouTube tutorial about how to work with a group. It's not you can even watch that tutorial, but you without experiencing it and like interacting and getting a thing done together. I, don't think you can you know you, it's like you just have to feel it out, but a computer program is a computer program like we use them every day. So this is just a different thing. You do that with a different tool. I wanted to ask you kind of answered it. Is it possible to learn to be that good at editing in school, or do you think someone who's who's as talented as you at it see you grimacing I, don't take compliments well. Do you think that someone can get that good at something would have to just on their own decide and dedicate I'm gonna spend an obscene amount of time by myself, studying this on YouTube or wherever? Is that the only way to get that good to just study it on your own yeah, maybe I mean I I studied I was like a nerd about it like when I was actually in high school before college I was in this sort of technical, like progressive high school that had almost like college majors and they had a TV production like studio and that's what I was in so I I'd stay after school. They had these editing Suites. With this new thing called the Video Toaster, which was like this is before computer. Like nonlinear editing, it was like a computer, an Amiga computer that would run tape, decks like to play them in time and then, like you, could mix it on the communities like this weird technology, but it also came with a 3d program, one of the earliest ones. That was available that wasn't like tens of thousands of dollars. So I said there and watch like VHS tape, tutorials of like how to use it by this company and just like nerd it out on it and that I guess, if you put in the extra time you can accomplish anything, you know just that's it. That's the whole thing with my videos. It's like nope, my my trademark is no one would spend that much time on something so insignificant and it's like I just do it I just push a little bit further and then it looks impressive to people I'm wondering. So what were your resources for learning? Like? Did you actually learn from YouTube, tutorials and stuff like that? Well, like what I learned like predates tutorials, like I, said like this is pre YouTube days like pre 2000 yeah. Your first video 10 years ago was already edited like in a similar fashion, yeah, I, suppose and and and I mean I literally, would go to bookstores. They would have like fat books on well, that's that's the old world, dedication yeah and then yeah tutorials their sites. I did a talk. The the QED talk that I have I. You know I go a little bit over like the process of I. Do things and there's some. You know, there's a lot of online, not just tutorials on YouTube, but there's like sites dedicated like lynda.com, that just like have proper lessons, lesson plans and teach you and I frequent. Those I'm subscribed on so many of those I don't even know like I'm. Sometimes what are you watching? Tutorials, oh yeah, because this is it's so easy to that this, the tools change every day and they get improved and even like, if you just use After Effects, if you haven't updated it in a few months, you were like you, don't know all the new features they have like. Now we do things completely different. We don't use that effect anymore, which of those websites. Would you say our lindo, like I, said: there's a there's, a thing called: plural site. It used to be called digital tutors com, that was plural site. It's also like a lot of different. They cover everything there's like a section on like, and you know, programming or whatever, and then there's like just for arts and digital effects. It's kind of the incredible thing of today is that anyone who's dedicated can learn pretty much anything on their own yeah and then their sites that are dedicated more like to specific tools like um I'm kind of I've, been frequenting and become friends with a couple of people from this site called CG, kooky dot-com, and there they pretty much cover only like analog, regular arts, visual art and also this program called blender, which is like a free, completely free. What's it called open-source like 3d software package, it actually does other things like compositing and they're trying to be like from start to end. You could do everything on it. You could edit video and stuff, but it's mainly it gets. Strength is 3d, so you could do like Pixar Animation level styling and you just download it. That's crazy! It's crazy, and nobody has an excuse anymore, to not like be a professional at whatever they want, I feel like mm-hmm. You keep mentioning how you put all this time in for something insignificant. This seems to be a theme. Somehow, what is the most insignificant thing that you've spent the longest time editing and how long did it take? You I think there's a lot of examples. The thing that popped into my head now- maybe it's not the most ridiculous example, but the the will sigh video I did about the magician that was on America's yeah I. Remember that yeah there is he's got like online videos where he uses like digital effects, instead of actual magic and so I was trying to. There was a quick montage where I reverse engineer. You know like just display, like here's, what was really happening in the shot and sometimes I'm, adding little elements and and there's one where he does a trick where he changes. He has a ukulele and he just like it's a it's like, pink or whatever, and he flips it in it's green or whatever color and I'm, just just to show that it's it was just like blue or whatever. It was a solid color and just like with the green screen, you guys did he just keyed a different color and then to show that though yeah yeah, I, I'm I. Don't you know it's you, the YouTube, video quality is not that good, like the compression sure, if you're zooming in on something like a ukulele, it's flat and you see all the artifacts so I couldn't like key the thing he keyed and do it over so instead I had to rotoscope this ukulele and every string of the ukulele like frame by frame. So the strings didn't change. Color I could change the clothes painted in and it was on the screen for like less than a second for sure, just for once probably I watched that video how they looked amazing, yeah I mean it's it's like. If, if it wasn't there, if it wasn't there, maybe it wouldn't make a difference, but if I didn't do that, one and another little piece in another before you know it, it's not interesting to look at that. Video actually rocked my world a little bit when I realized that America's it was America's, Got Talent right think so they were cohorts. They helped him cheat yeah, that's what it looks like I mean I, don't know any other explanation. It's it's! It's a big like I, guess claim, but I mean I'm not making it lightly. It's like you look yeah, there's a cut there. Yeah there's a cut, so unless they did it, maybe they did it for YouTube or something I, don't know, but it looks like the show. It makes sense, though, when you say it like that they would do that yeah for people who haven't seen it. He does a trick he's on like black velvet. What was the trick where you thought it's typical? It's called the coin matrix where you have the four coins and you cover them, and then they end up magically showing up to the same spot, but he did like a flourish on it where he he just made things like. Instead of you know just manipulating coins under cards. He just like would snap his fingers and they would just pop into places and he transformed him into petals rose petals and then like it. Just it started out ordinary but then became like amazing, hmm and when he did these transitions, that look like the old movie cut kind of effect. It literally was that, or at least it was assisted by like a little time, compression a little cut. That implies a lot because they presumably do it in front of a live audience. Yeah well, yeah. In that case, I think what was happening is it was pretty much what you see, but they cut out like a frame or two just to see some kind of it's like there's some kind of hatching I, don't know what it looked like. I have no way of knowing, but I can imagine. You know what probably happened there like this looks so fake if you're watching it's so obvious there without consulting him, probably and even they're like let's, let's fix this because it looks horribly, fake, I. Think yeah not even look that fake and maybe to the audience watching it on the monitor and screen, and it would look fine sure, but if you're gonna put it on TV and on YouTube, you know people can get a frame-by-frame. So now you have no choice, so maybe they are like. But I don't know is that okay, no I know it's like you suck dude. You can do it yeah, just a risk. You know. Yeah people will see that there's a thing for a frame that magic isn't real. You know just let them see. I love that, like all of your videos and I, have to compliment you more work on that. Let's, let's take a quick break, we are gonna, be back. I want to talk about the gateway to sidonis, video I, love that there's so much in there. So we are gonna, go to a quick commercial break and we will be right back with yo boy. The D take a captain dissolution, but I like to call them the D, so come get the D in a minute. Thank you too, and the empty movement for sponsoring this week's episode of the H Street podcast. You guys have heard me talking about MVM t. You know that it was started by two college dropouts that started their own wash company. It's crazy! How fast this company's grown, because they've sold almost two million watches in over 160 countries, and they continue to revolutionize the fashion world because they believe that style shouldn't break the bank. What these guys are doing are selling high quality, incredibly made beautiful watches for a fraction of the price that would cost you from one of these traditional retailers. I, don't know if you've checked out the site lately, but they have doubled the number of watch styles and now are selling high quality sunglasses and just introduced women's bracelets ELA. They have really cool ones. When barbed wire, barbed wire, ooh, careful, Oh, dangerous, a little spicy, you may know for all of you, people who aren't lonely ass, this Valentine's Day. It is around the corner and it can be hard to find that perfect gift, but envy empty is here to make it easy. You can buy your loved one, a Valentine's, Day, beautiful custom gift box, which has a watch and a bracelet. Imagine your girlfriend, Oh Ethan! You never do anything for me, I'm! Not it's not directed toward you just type that! Well you never do. I don't expect anything. He never does anything for me for Valentine's Day. All this said it. Oh, my god. It cost a custom box shows up was incredible, beautifully sure that show this look. How beautiful this watches with a bracelet- it's like! Oh my god, guess who's getting it tonight! Boy! Maybe I should get you that maybe you should maybe I already did honestly. This is gonna, be the perfect Valentine's Day gift their bracelets. Are the perfect complement to the watch. It's a beautiful to stack and wear them together or if you just want a slick, beautiful watch go to nvm VMT, dot-com, /, h3, and today, my friends only you will get 15% off with free shipping and free returns. If you don't like the dang thing, so go to nvm, t.com, slash, h3 and join the movement there changing the world, I love their watches, hit them up. Thank you for sponsoring us. Next we have crap, you know: I love, quiff, I can't stop talking about quip, it's an electric toothbrush that is so freaking good. It should be in every house in America. You know what toothbrushes are already expensive. You go to the grocery store for a good toothbrushes, gonna need like five bucks and then it wears out. It's too firm. It messes up your gums. Who-Who is making this crap. So quit came up with a brilliant idea: they're, like you know what we're gonna change the game. We're gonna disrupt this market. Yes, I've been watching shark tank. Look at this is an electric toothbrush. It only costs 25 bucks it lasts for months. All you have to do is change out the top it's made of rubber and really soft, wonderful bristles. You doesn't have any batteries to change or anything and listen to this. That's the real deal. You hear that vibrations! That's the real deal and here's the beautiful thing. It goes for three minutes, which is how long you're supposed to be brushing that nasty ass mouth ears, and it turns off to let you know, hey guess what you're done and you're good to go, and now you can breathe in anyone's face because you've got the perfect breath. I hate stinky breath- and this is my favorite toothbrush- ever made it and I'm obsessed with oral hygiene. So here's the deal go to get quit, go to get quick, calm, slash, h3 right now and get your first refill pack for e with a quip electric toothbrush. They start at just 25 bucks, the toothbrush itself. That's a free, refill pack free at get quick, calm, /h Lee, that's GE, t qu, IP, comm, slash h3, try it out, I guarantee, you are gonna, fall in love with this toothbrush and you will never look back. I love it. Thank you to quit for sponsoring us and finally, stitch fix man. Listen, you know, there's always that guy in the room he's looking slick, he's looking great he's ready for everything for anything and that takes a certain skill set. It takes a certain focus, an appreciation for fashion and maybe a certain understanding that some of us don't frankly, have okay I'm, not the most fashionable guy in the world. But here's what stitch fix does that's so cool, it's the new way to shop for clothes and it's unbelievably simple, just go to stitch, fix, comm and answer some questions about your sizes. What styles you like and how much you want to spend Styx fixed, has clothes for every guy and his style. It's not just one type. Guy look: they've got everybody from me to a guy who some melts steel, real men, I, don't know what guys like that. Wear overalls will send you, overalls I, don't know, but they have styles for everyone. Your personal stylist then use your preference and the other information you enter to select brand-new clothes for you, I like the it's your personal stylist. They call it I like to call your virtual friend or mom, not mom, girlfriend she's, like listen, you slob, you, you look like [, __, ] I! Think it's stylist is better. It sounds great, but what it really is is your girlfriend who's like I need to I. Need you to look good except you, don't have the girlfriend. That's why you need stitch fix once you get the girlfriend, you don't need stitch fix, but we're trying to get you to that point. Maybe your girlfriend does not it's a great thing. This is a great product that, anyway, the items are delivered right to your home. You try them on and you only pay for what you keep. So if you don't like some of them, send it back forget about it. Just send anything you don't want back. Shipping is free. Both ways unrelated to the read, get your fix on demand or sign up to receive scheduled shipments. Guys of all shapes sizes and budgets agree. Defining your new style starts with stitch fix, try them out today, you got nothing to lose. So here's the deal. Folks, oh I, forgot, you know what hang on and here's the deal folks get started. Now sis fix comm, slash a string, you'll also get 25% off. When you keep all five of the items in your box, that's stitch fix, comm, slash, h3 to get started today. That's stitch, STI TCH fix sis dot-com, slash, h3 go. Try now dan has been wearing this sweater from stitch fix. I think you've been wearing that pretty much every Friday since you signed up yeah he'll love it it's. This is this sweater I mean look at this no, but on ironically, you've been you've been rockin. They really nailed you they now the podcast reducer. Would you call it your virtual girlfriend or style? Oh? Why not? Both and that's the way so thank you Dan. Thank you to stitch fix guys if you are in the market for some clothing and a beautiful watch or a toothbrush, please consider supporting our sponsors to help support the show. Thank you so much. Let's get right back into it. Nice how's it going everyone good, having a great. What is today Friday right. Well, yes, the podcast schedules become so irregular that I yeah. We usually do every Friday mm-hmm, but obviously people's schedules are well I, made sure all right, you're, a Friday one sec here, guys just need to check something something. Everyone check your phones, just somebody reference your phones here for a minute, oh you're, good on the thing I'm good, then, are you good on the thing I think we're all good on my brother said show more of his videos. If you can, my brother is watching mm-hmm well go to his channel. Obviously watching video, your ass you're parroting. You know you know. What's funny, the the one you showed was very like perniciously copyright claims really not by the the girl, the for the cheerleader video and not by her. She was nice actually contacted her just to make sure I can use her picture and she was cool and she's anyway, but there's you know these like companies that are like there's one called the word viral is in it and like messy right, they really wanted to monetize my whole thing and it was like a background. You know the multiple steps of yeah claim kind of thing so went all the way. Well, they released it because you destroyed eventually yeah what the companies like that it's like their whole business model right sure, although I don't know why they feel they need to monetize 300,000 views or something, but it's also fine I, understand I'm, sure they're doing it on, like the author's behalf or whatever and I, don't know what the they own it it's them. Oh so they'd like to say one time, yeah right! That's why I guess that makes sense, but I understand that they need to police that if someone simply just you know, reuploads the thing if they you know, you had to explain to them like this. Is this makes up to person that video is six seconds long I use four seconds of before the six seconds, and it's like two percent of my whole video, just full of original content. I, don't think it's very fair! That's the beauty of copyright, that's insane for them to think that they can claim the whole video yeah and I know that they it's like one time. Okay, you see that it says the name of the video you just flag it, but I they had to look at it again. Mm-Hmm when I counterclaim I watched it don't watch a ten minute, video and said yeah for this four seconds. We are definitely still in the right but you're using it. Well. First of all, I learned a lot about for you, since we were in a lawsuit involving fair use but you're using it for textbooks educational purpose. It's like yeah I would call that textbook fair use. I mean I, don't know much about law and but but but because 100% fair use. Technically, if you make a video and you something unlicensed even for a split second I guess legally they're entitled to take your video mm-hmm, but then you can. You can sort of claim the fair use thing and should give your case of like why it fits and they may or may not decide yeah. The laws are really unclear. Over the years. I mean I, didn't know how fair what I do is, but I think it is the aspect of it being a transformative work. I try to keep to that I mean I, use it for context. It says: II won, we won, we won our lawsuit. You know congratulating compliments. No, no but I'm saying if we're fair use you are, you are lar. What's what's greater than fair, you are beautiful. You can take that to the compound. We actually have a call from a fan of yours who has a question for you: oh cool, so I'm gonna bring in David here tomato you, [ __, ] donkey, but Rick. What's the game wait? What is that Jordan? Sorry guys, wait how you thought you could vanish? Well, wait, yeah, how did he get I tricked? How did you not recognize his name? Are you kidding me? Listen anybody you've got us. You've got a smooth brain, in other words, you've got no ridges on your brain. That's why you're deficient that I can outrun you well I, can't smart you every stepping away! I want to hang out he's just so captivated no, no I just want to say real quick! Please don't be mean to me I'm, just a child. Okay, but I just want to say really quick, I think I think you're still being a lot about well good, Paul I think he redeemed himself. You spent over 1 billion dollars on the east bit welcome Jordan Jordan what billion dollars on suicide after what's on suicide prevention after he came, though I just want a formal apology. Why well, first of all Jordan wasn't a billion dollars as a million dollars. I agree that was generous, but doesn't it seem like billion dollars? Was it doesn't? It seem like it was a transparent, PR effort, especially now after YouTube just removed all of his monetization, because he was like torturing, not torturing, but Allah can tell the day he was tell about you, [ __, ] pecker. He was damn truth solution here. I want chapter disillusion to the book. You and your fraudulent lies upon locate, Paul the lives of the Slater, the hatred, all right, Jordan, but just the evil. All he did do you have a question for Alan. What is it? What I just want to know? Why you think it's so bad? He was. She tried to revive a dead rat people say he was hurting the dead rest, but he's true I, don't think she was. She wasn't working the rat like. What do you call those things didn't that paramedic tried to help the red? What are they called defibrillators? He was a feeble aiding him. He shot him with the taser gun. He was the pretty. Was the preview later, the free sperm, and you know and I'll say what last a fiance I just want to clarify what they I noticed. A lot of conspiracies that I've got a little Theory, my older book, about what I've got a little consent, a little clear about why you know why close and Paul and I don't mean to sound it'll, beat this out a piece of edit gore. What is one kid Ian? How did you let that kid? You know what I'm sorry for Ian he he put on a voice when we screen him I'm scared. The last time he called he threatened to have me assassinated with bitcoins yeah he's an industrious kid right. I really thought this. You guys had this a little bit more together, but it's everything wrong here is the ins fault. He was our intern he's been elevated to PA, but I. Think I should call him in turn kind of keep them in check all right. It's hard to come back from that all right, Wow, I'm, all riled up just looking sorry again, I started again guys. You were born in Latvia in 1980 during the Soviet era. How do you know all these things about me? That's classified [Laughter]! Yes, that's true! What was it like for you growing up in well. Tell me about your your experience. Its yeah, it's like I, have kind of an unusual combination of things. I'm I grew up. Yes, I was born in Latvia in Riga the capital city of Latvia, which is a was a republic of the Soviet Union, and now it's a country of its own wet, which it used to be originally then became. You know the conglomerate that was the Soviet Union and then became its own country again and during the Soviet Union era is when I was born there, but I am NOT Latvian. My mom is Russian. My dad is Armenian. It was also a Republic of the Soviet unit and is also a country now mm-hm and so yeah, like I'm I, lived in a place. It's sort of like when British people live group were born and grew up in Hong Kong. You got it like. I didn't have anything to do culturally, with a lot to be more Russian. Yeah, like Russian I, spoke Russian to my parents. You speak Russian still, I do probably not as good as I. You know to a Russian as I should, but I can I can get by some yeah and and I still speak to my family in Russian, so yeah and then like I would go sometimes, for my parents were circus performers and they travel. The ladder did I mention that real yeah amazing, like the that's from like novels exotic of bringing but I I, would travel with them. They didn't they traveled like around the country, but the USSR is like the entire Russia is pretty big. Now what what is Russia? It's like bigger than Pluto surface area or something, but it was huger, then, because of all the Republic's were included in so was this monster or a country, and they toured everywhere because in Russia at the time, maybe still circus is a little more like a high-class kind of it was like regular circus and the Soviet Union was like cirque du soleil. Here, like it was like this thing. Every major city had a circus building like a proper little built building for it and they would yeah. My parents were would tour with different companies and I'd go with them and when I went to school, I'd stay in, like in Riga, go to school. The normal school year with my grandmother I would just live. You know in one place, but then, and summer breaks I would still tour with my parents. So that's yeah I mean I, look forward to it. This it was fun. You know, there's other. You feel like this exclusive club, because there's other circus kids of other performers and you get to like run backstage and hang out and all the local townies are like these. Like lame children. We can run away from them too, the behind the scenes, but part of the circus, and so your parents are extreme athletes, um. Well, no, the the act that they did. My dad was a circus performer from young age and he was first an acrobat yeah. He was in an acrobatic troupe. Then he became a juggler and like a clown kind of sort of comedy character, a guy, and he was in partnership with this other famous kind of comedian mime guy from the Soviet Union, and then he went out on his own and then eventually my mom, who was just a like a medical school student. He she in Latvia he performed he toured in Latvia, ran away with insurance. Your dad, your mom, literally ran off in joy, the circus yeah. She quit Medical School, not just that's like the biggest betrayal, so wow that is pretty insane yeah and together they had like a hula-hoop act. I, don't know if you ever seen this kind of thing where a woman will do like a bunch of hula hoops and do crazy, like the Hat sort of a duo kind of act where they would be these like cowboys this cowboy duo and do like it's sort of half comedy, have sort of this skill juggling demonstrate. Yeah I did not expect that. Had you come to here, how did you come to be here well, like a lot of people from that time? From that era? From that place, it's it wasn't that fun like there were a lot of problems. Laughter yeah like me as a child I, actually don't have, like scary, negative memories of the Soviet Union. It was like this little not little, but like this isolated sort of thing, where you don't know, you have an inkling of how the outside world is yeah and you have a you, have a clear inkling that it's cooler and better like outside of the country is Disneyworld, and here it's a little bit like the soap. Only looks one way and everything you buy is one kind of thing. It's a little bit gray and I find interesting. Even people living in the u.s. are at the time know that it was better because there's all there's that powerful propaganda didn't make that yeah rest of the world seemed scary and bad yeah, I think when I was growing up in the eighties, that was when it was like. The veil was falling away. Britain is still up. Yeah and people knew it's better like people, especially among performers. That's the only one of the only kind of groups that would be able to go outside the country like athletes and stuff right. You know they go with like a little KGB agent in tow and there was agents with you guys when you travel no well like I said during my time growing up. They never went abroad but like before, I was born. My dad try yeah, like traveled all over the world and stuff on his own, and he got they would have like a an agent responsible for the truth. So what was your dad's perspective on the USSR having been outside the country and everything? He was always a kind of like a wry kind of like rebel, but not like? He wouldn't you know not that's with anything yeah. He would just be like I. Don't there's every place, even the circuses, the backstages of circus have had like a red corner. They called a red room or whatever. Maybe my red room is based on that. It would be like where the the communist party cuz, everyone in the country is part of the Communist Party. It would have little meetings like related to party patriotic things and he would never go to those things and second I didn't take it seriously. I just read 1984 for the first time. It's incredible, the parallels I mean it was clearly based on on communist Russia, I. Think the book that makes but hearing you talk about. It really conjures divisions of it yeah and it's strange because I understand that stuff now, but as a kid like I didn't feel the ominous nosov it I. Just thought like this is where we are and the world is cooler like it would be nice to go to America one day and a lot of people thought that way and they concocted plots to do it. Like my parents did the old like that movie. What's it called um something on the Hudson with Robin Williams, where he plays like a Russian guy that defects, and so they did a thing where they got into a situation where they could go and tour in America, and then they just just asked for political asylum and Moscow on the Hudson yeah, so they, but they did it a little bit risky because they had me and I left. They decided the safest way to do. This is leave me behind yeah and go if they had some friends like another performer pair that did this earlier in the early 80s they. So they had this contact out here and they helped him arrange that stuff and then they went. They knew that they'd be gone for two years. Having left me behind and they would get asylum, they would get proper status and then they would hopefully the way the rules worked. They knew that they would allow them to have their child everybody kind of banked on this working and they did so did you know why they were yeah. I mean I, understood, I was not all of eleven I came here at 12 years old, so like two years prior to that I guess I was ten and they understood it. But I was too little to to be too freaked out about it. I guess I was like this. That's the plan, yeah I'll just wait and then for two years, unbelievable and then eventually the call came and I was kind of like I also had no reservations. I was sure, like yeah, my my mom and dad are getting me I'm going to America. So everybody in my like school and everything I was like yeah. You guys, you guys enjoy this. While it lasts, it's gonna be gone and then you know I could have not hello, yeah they've been horrible, but incredible. Luckily it worked out Wow and then you came here and you had like a million kinds of so it was overwhelming. I mean my parents were sending pictures of like what a supermarket looks like and it was just like. That's so that's too colorful really like I, don't know how to perceive this. So how what was it tell me about how you came to be here when you got the call and what was it like when you arrived here? My well I kind of became like I, mean I loved, American movies and things I knew American culture I had like a book called America like a cool Illustrated photo photo like journal by some somebody, you weren't supposed to have that right, no I mean at that time. It was like the lines became blurred, because the thing was, if it wasn't a sudden thing that the Soviet Union fell apart, it was like happening, it ended up being like we are Soviet Union, but really nobody cares like weird we're about to fall apart, yeah. So then you arrived yeah tell me, tell me about the process yeah. They, as my parents were trying to do whatever it is. They were doing getting like legal resident status here and they were still performing with little like fun, fairs and circus things here and I, meanwhile, was just in school, but on television every day they started showing these parlamento. Whatever, like the Kremlin, you know, meetings of the party and I'm figuring out how what do we do? The thing is falling apart. What do we? How do we reorganize troika? You know that wasn't only relevant yeah I was like every day all day. They would just broadcast the Proceedings of them voting on things by raising their hands and I. Didn't open, yeah I! Guess that's strange right, but it did. It just shows that it was this strange process where everybody in the country, I, guess, was just like over everything and they just wanted answers and they wanted to know. What's what are we gonna be now how's, this gonna work, so they just started showing people the process, and but nothing was changing like other than like weird feeling of a little bit of like a wartime thing where, like sugar became like a rare commodity, you had to have like little tickets to get your ration of things like sugar or other products right. It didn't really change that much because if Russia was always Soviet, Union just felt like nice and gray and simple, and it just stayed that way but and like whereas I grew up with like uniforms in school, and this very like proper thing that started to relax, they started letting us wear whatever we want and I didn't have to be the pioneer anymore. They had these rankings as a kid when you're reached like third grade or whatever you get this little pin this little star with Lenin on it and your little I don't know how to translate it. It's like October X, you know you're like because October is a month that Lenin was born in and now you have that and then you, when you go to a certain class level, you become a pioneer you get. This read like the Japanese students like a red scarf and you do take a little pledge, and this is the doctrine yeah and it was very like strict and everybody wore the same uniform. There was like two kinds of uniforms in the entire ginormous country and everybody wore the same thing, but then they started to relax, especially in a place like Latvia, which was like thinking. Oh Soviet, Union's falling apart. We better ramp up our own culture. Again, we guys are on the outskirts. I, don't know if that matters yeah. Well, what do you mean like and you weren't like the heartland, you yeah, you guys were like exactly became like all those kind of Baltic countries, we're like okay, we're gonna, be European now yeah that seemed instantly better and now, if you go to Latvia, it's very like it's like a Europe, it's like going to Paris or something right and Russia is not like that. It's a little different. So what were they saying? So when you, when you? How did transition when you got? How did it happen that you got the call you said yeah, we literally, it was a call. They decided they. They asked that I be allowed to join them and they got the document that said that that's okay and then my grandfather, traveled with me to just on a flight. You know, and we took Finnair- is the Finnish airline that goes. It goes across the ocean and I on the flight. There I got a little. You know they give you little souvenirs and things when you were a kid and they gave me a little Finnair, keychain and I have that to this day, which are like I landed on the in America with that in hand and I could just kind of keep it in my keys, that's wonderful! When you arrived in America and you got off the plane, was it a shock to you what you saw and there, like you said, the grocery store was so colorful yeah I mean I and just as an impressionable kid like I liked, like I, said like American movies, things and I just had this almost idealized view which wasn't justified, but also like physically how America looked it. It really created that illusion. Where did you land in an JFK and so yeah? My dad had to we're and live in Miami lived, I mean I still live in North Miami, but um. He had to drive the this old Ford Econoline van of 1984 van that barely worked. You had to drive it up to New York. That is us somehow. There's no cell phones there's no, nothing so how we knew that it looked like. It seemed like in retrospect, pure chance. Cuz we did. I spoke, I learned some English just in preparation, but I wasn't exactly like well-versed. My grandfather didn't speak English at all. We didn't know where we were we had to get through. You know the passport, control and everything and somehow I. Just we found the word like yeah. It work out some unbelievable, so New York when you got off the plane, cuz, that's quite a grand arrival to New York City. How did the city look to you? It felt exactly like the scene. I know I people that watch my channel know like I'm too obsessed and talk about back to the future. To me, I was going to ask about so. Like the you know, the scene in bar 2, when he first kind of goes onto the square and sees the future like yeah things. Look that that's how it felt to me literally that's what I was thinking of that was already like. It was like this insane I, don't know, I mean I'm sure. Now, if I saw that imagery again, I'd be like what a crappy like say, you know everything, but but then it was like this barrage of just everything is like clean and sleek and colorful, and it was really we just like Iran it was. The weather was kind of like cold and and unpleasant, but even though that was happening, I was like wow and we just ran to the van and just got on the road. Was there anything disappointing about America since you had idealized it so much um, no, not right away. Cuz I! Think I was still a kid and I was you know: I wasn't like really exposed straight to the realities of everyday life. I was just like. Oh I'm I get to see my parents again great yeah. We have a house and we're renting a house and yeah I was just it was really great. First few months, a couple of months where I was like cool I get to be here now and everything seems awesome. That is a wonderful story. Thank you for sharing that that was really great. Thank you. I want to I was it's funny that you mentioned the Back to the Future thing I with my next question. Why are you so obsessed with Back to the Future they're, great, okay, they're, classics right, but you're you're, an FX guy, yeah or I mean there's, there's so much stuff you're interested? What what is it about? Those movies that you like well I mean I, just like them as movies, and also you know. We all have the thing that we saw at the right time and the right moment just crystallize, the only movie like but yeah, it's just easy because they just remained so perfectly liked and they are so American yeah, exactly like I was just like all about, like the one had like a male like the typical American mailbox. You know that shaved. This sort of thing I was like I want to have that someday with the devil. Now a little stick. We had that in that I arrived I, don't have one now I just have a boy like I'm glad you had that, though you were able to enjoy having that as a kid yeah yeah I missed those men, you put the little red arrow up, yeah research. What does that mean? What is that for cuz mail people didn't pick up mail from your house, it's like so all the mailboxes on the street have a little red I, don't know how to describe it's like it's a flag. So when you have mail in there that you want to send out you put up the little red flag knows that you should pick something Healthcare red flag. That was like an a Mickey Mouse comic little things. What movie has your favorite visual effects in CGI I saw that in the the thread that people ask that I it's hard to judge because I like effects for different reasons like sometimes the most awesome effects is the stuff you don't see and all this stuff, that's invisible. Sharing a movie like Forrest Gump, the one came out at the time was like this is sort of like a regular drama human drama. But there's like a ton of visual effects. Early just amazing hair I mean that the feather scenes, oh yeah, the starting with the feather words. What else was there stuff, yeah and just a lot of they do a lot of touch-ups. Unlike when he's on hey, that's Robert Zeca mess, your van I can't yeah I'm like yeah. What I need to think of something else because, like yeah, what's a by the way? No I love for Scott I love when I first went to see Forrest Gump in the theater I didn't know anything about it. No was about. Everyone was just like. Oh I was like what the [ __ ]. That name is so stupid. What am I going to watch, I came out and I was just like yeah. That was my oh, my god I'm blown away. It's someone you can just avoid every piece of information, I yeah that that rarely happens now, like it I think. The last time that happened to me was Slumdog. Millionaire I was like somebody said: oh, let's go to movies and there's this thing and I never heard of it and I was. It was very affected by it and I. Don't know like maybe purely like I. Don't know. Do you like that movie, like some people, don't like yeah, yeah I like it, it's like it was really when you go in fresh, it's like and and then it happened to me. The first time I saw the Titanic. Sometimes we would just go out the friends at night and so you'd go to see a movie. So it was all about like we're going out with friends. I didn't even care what we were doing watching this movie Titanic I know. Did you come out in love with Leo you're like she could have scooted it over a little bit? But it's weird over time. It's still a great movie but I feel like all the time. People like it less for some reason. It's well I think it's more of a thing of like it's become a cliche and you haven't seen yet forever like Titanic, but when you watching that it's great any James Cameron is another one of those directors. That's like I I struggled to find something. He that's not awesome. That he's done maybe have a question, but no, but I didn't like avatar at all, but I really appreciated the work that they put into it. It's like whatever he takes on he just like. Does it a hundred percent incredible like the storytelling part and he's like I, would say like more than Zemeckis, even who Zemeckis is known for effects films but I? Don't think when you listen to him talk about this stuff, he doesn't he's like hands off on the effects he works with awesome people like he did Who Framed, Roger, Rabbit I'm sure he did not learn everything there is to know about the animation, but he knows like how to delegate that stuff, but James Cameron I feel like he understands all of the stuff he's like he'll, be like over the shoulder of the effects. People of the senate's I mean. Sometimes you see him with the camera he'll like action sequences. Do you ever want to make a movie? What is your dream? I agreed. Well, first I, let's say like a blockbuster yeah yeah, but my only experience is making a feature-length. Film is right out of college. I worked a couple of times with this Russian director who came would come here and like do these super cheap, like B movies, with like he'd, bring aging Soviet Union era like stars of the screen really she's like for cheap at that time. You know after Soviet Union and he would bring him do these like super corny like raunchy, romantic comedies in Miami and and I helped him a few times and like because he just use whoever like locally and I, spoke Russian so and then we're like that's what people in Russia watched he's like awful awful like directive video made on video looking things, so my dad and I were like hey. That's a way to do something: let's make this kind of corny Russian movie, but like with a little bit of professional, American, Ben right, and so we made this this kind of like super cheesy for the Russian audience yeah like we were hoping to sell it to like Russian, there's Russian channels in America, but also maybe there and then like we sort of overreached and under reached at the same time like we made it to silly and also weirdly, like cinema, graphically sophisticated, and it's just it was this Hopf hodgepodge that wasn't appealing to anyone. So I made this feature film, the you know about like a Russian, family and America. You know whatever, with the typical thing you would think of what that movie would be, and it was I, don't know it's like a thing. I'd like, oh god, I can't believe I watch that no I used to be an Amazon, but not anymore, and you know why it's all I feel like that could have been a hit visited and maybe like it well, it was parts of it that were English. They were like Russian people talking to Americans. So it's like there's a Russian version of a there's, an English version of it, and no trust me, you don't want alternate universe. That's a that's everybody in Russia! Yes, you know I mean depends on how what I accomplished in my life. Maybe then it would be this weird relic if I look at what how he started out a little this horrible thing. What's your dream, like it were in ten years? What what is your dream? I, my dream was cheesy I would like to direct just feature feature film now shows well see it's funny, like all my life. I wanted to just be a film director, but now it's like we've reached this age, where I'm so burly trying to look at it and I'm like cinematic films, like that's almost on the way out, it's weird like it's, they don't make the money it's hard to put that together. You have to basically be already in Hollywood like it's. What about a show like yeah? Well, science show like a Netflix thing like Netflix is awesome if I had anything a one-off kind of movie or a show on Netflix. That would be like I. Think I would just hang up. My has nobody ever offered you a television show or anything like that. Yeah, it's it has YouTube ever acknowledged you in any way at all. Well, I got the silver plate, but the gold, no the gold, which one is the hundred thousand. No, is that one that one's like a bigger one right? It's some! Yes, pretty big yeah! Can you drag ours in here? Okay, um I want to see a television show from you. It already feels like it when I watch, one of your videos I feel like I'm watching a TV show. Well, the thing is you won't easily be on Netflix, but I mean I, don't know why I'm doing it, but I am doing it by like the rules of like I used to even like compose the shots where you know how? Now, when you shoot, shows you it's sixteen by nine screen, but they shoot it so that old grannies with squared TVs still can see every important element. So I used to frame my stuff that way and have like titles, make-believe, yeah and I. Even now, like the soundtrack that I do it in a way that you could take out the dialogue, sometimes for patrons I, actually do that, like here's, the no dialogue version of what you achieve by yourself with the support of your patrons of which I am one yes, I saw that. Thank you so much welcome in anyone out here who would like to support Alan, please go to his patron I'll put the link in description, but what you accomplished by yourself is like beyond anything. I can even think of on television. That's not like you know, has like a hundred person we're in a golden age of television. The hell is going on. How do I feel like I I want a fun. We got to figure this out because then I might want to figure this out I'm on the Hornet, we're gonna figure it Dan, and while your uncle Netflix not that I have any idea for a show, but I just want to talk to them. We got to get you a show. All right, I am down what kind of what kind of budget DNA. Well we can talk about. You know I, actually, I have a friend who we talked about this with, like he's sort of accomplished. Some things he's a fairly like established, music, video director and like Latin music market, and we were like yeah we got to do. We got time's running out, we're good how much you need for a pilot I, don't have those figures together and give it to but yeah like that's what--that's, we stopped where no seriously like there's different things. I mean I've talked to people about. Is there a captain, disillusion proper show, format thing or can this just be like? Is the character or something as a thing? You know maybe some kind of fictional universe and things? Maybe it's not a skeptic thing. I, don't know like I would just like I I, don't think I'm that interested in being like an educational guy like my channel I've, never looked at it as an education, and it's not quite either it'd be hard to carry that character, yeah through 22 minutes, but I think maybe it would work good as like a host in a second yeah. Yeah variety could be, but you know actually now you reminded me like a thing. I've repressed in my mind, I did have I did have a not a meeting, but a call once if I forget what the network was, but it was somebody it was not Netflix, but it was like a television network or yeah I, don't want to say the wrong one, but they they called me. They wanted to just like this sort of probe little like talent scout thing like hey. We, like you, we think you're, you know whatever we want to talk to you whatever it is. What do you want to do? What's the thing and then I will suddenly put this conference call where they had like producers and and talent people and whatever you know and I was like meekly talked to them and I did my best, but then I never heard from me I, don't pop on the phone. You know I got that when they put you under the gun like yeah, it was somebody it was a cool learning. Experience think you just have to have the thing in hand and you have to explode at them and yeah you have you have I've learned you need to over. You need to disgustingly over, so you have to be. You have to feel ashamed when you come out I guess that makes sense. You have to be like I'm such a [, __ ]. For saying that those things about myself, you know yeah. Well, you know I every every time that happens, I learned a little circuit. Alright, we'll take this conversation further off scare off the record. But six months, you're gonna be on that I want to shift the topic a little bit. Here is some pictures from the recent Superman films of which I hate it by the way, just for the record, I thought they were so awful and there's some there's such great lore about Superman and they've done some great things with with, like I loved Batman, the original trilogy with Christian Bale I was hoping for some real storytelling, but this movie was just a real [ __ ] stinker, you know I hated it I have not heard any good things. It starts on May, first on and there's like all these animals zipping around it's insane regardless. He they had to do research for the reshoots for the movie and he had grown a mustache now for another film they're, like no problem we'll edit it out. Well, the worst decision ever made. This one is even better I think yeah, that's going on there. No is this a bad job, or is this just like almost impossible to do good? Well, yeah I want to say I, don't I, don't know the movie and I, don't think it's good and I. Don't know why it's such an insane concept that they would do this like it's not a practical approach. No but I have to say, like I, think we're hey on it. I mean yeah, not the best, not the best frame, but I mean once you're once this is the rules of the game. He has a mustache, you have to replace it. I think they did the best as good as you can yeah like and some of it we have to admit like we know what was done. We are primed for it sure it's like a big difference. Yeah like in the the old dude in the rogue one like everybody, knew everything about the fact that this is a digital character and everybody you know was like uncanny valley, yeah, yeah yeah, but might like my girlfriend. Doesn't care about Star Wars and she didn't know about the digital character. We watched them. It was. She had no idea, it was honestly I thought really well done. Yeah there's some poor son of a [ __ ] at home, who's like I spent 10,000 hours yeah on that one thing: well, they had that wasn't somebody someone did an AMA on reddit who claimed to be I, don't know, I read that whole thing and I was like. Is he for real or not I? Wasn't I just couldn't come to a decision, if he's probably fake yeah the way the way he talked about something seemed a little fake to me here. I want to go back and now, as you've explicitly said, hopefully not something old and should have kept. My mouth shut. I want to go back 10 years to you're a very first video now. What strikes me about this video and it's short but I- want to watch it with everybody. Just to give you the the glorious history of the D can I call you the deed. Does anyone else call you that that's fine, they call me all kinds of things. What strikes me about? This is, first of all, it's ten years old, which is pretty much 11 No, so that's like as old as YouTube gets. Really all the videos back then were square. Somehow yours is a rectangle. We talked about that already. That was surprising. Second of all, the characters like fully developed already the character, the lore, the corner, you've already developed it from this first episode. That in itself is an illusion because I didn't know what I was doing. I just made a thing that looked like a thing that already exists, and that was the point it was like we're cutting into a thing. That's a established show, but it wasn't I didn't know there was no plan like I, just in fact this is the things I say in this video. The script of it was written like a wild bag before I discovered YouTube, it was like a blog post. I did in my space. I would do dumb things for friends on MySpace, just like her and I. Just rode that, in the voice of this captain disillusion character, I didn't know what it would look like. What what the point is. I just thought, just I wanted, sounds sarcastic and talked about this penguin thing and I. Just did it in terms of like in in the form of stills and then I when I got on YouTube and I tried a couple of stupid things and nothing, you know, was really catching on and I thought like. What's another weird thing, I have so I dug up that blog post and I thought. How can I make it look weird? What do I have? What if I was silver like that? Well I, have this weird mustard, looking jacket, I'll wear that I'll have you I'll, get silver makeup and then I put on the silver and I realized. That's too much I'm, not gonna, put it all over my eyes and stuff. So I'll just do halfway and maybe it'll be a half face, but then I did it. So messy I'm, like I, have to fix this I've put black on and I try to make straight lines, but the lines were straight only on the top, so I'm, like okay, I'll, just finger painting this. It's like a dripping thing and then it looks like every detail was perfectly executed plan like Marcus with Star Wars. You know it was all part of a big plan. Right is that sarcastic? Yes, yeah? Let's make sure let's watch this by the way and reading, and it was at a time when the max quality you can get his 240 PR and we've got it and look I mean come on. It's it's I'm, sorry, but here you can watch it in double the resolution. Double for a nobody's got you can buy it on TV, that's digital media. Where do we poor wee thing? Well, my website, cam, the decisions are common I'm, honestly I'm, trying to get rid of the stock of these awesome items. I will have better shirts not soon these are nice, but this is awesome. Things coming awesome things. It's me, captain disillusion, you know looking at the world in an objective and empirical way is key to a healthy and well-balanced life tone. Get me wrong. Dreaming wishing and holding that back come on like they say, my human nature am I. Talking in his emotion of disbelief is why don't I just talk normal? It seems like you. The background is that it's for kids right yeah like well yeah, like the premise that it's a fake show for kids, but not it's not meant for kids yeah like it's not meant for a particular audience. I guess it's a parody of a kids show, but yes, I mean yeah, go ahead, no difference between belief and reality. Reality is real. Your beliefs are in your head, oh yeah, well, I saw that cut and I was like really I fail. Really Alan look I. Eleven years ago, I was still getting my sea legs with this. No, our first videos, you don't even want you didn't use it. You really can't even watch down here and it's it's actually illegal. There's some things on there that internet you've probably come across this hilarious little video of a penguin [ __ ] slapping another lady looks like the player back then yeah penguins, so you're there anything they can't do well. Actually there is this exact thing. You just saw boys and girls when you watch that you do realize that the video is fake, right, I asked because the footage is posted dozens of times over on YouTube. What do you hate about it just the way the performance like why? Why is it like that, and why hasn't it improved that much since then, you started way too good and on many other sites, people use it as a profile picture, and yet I have never not once seen. A single comment proposed that the video might be an artificial. So so what what inspired you to finally be like you know, I'm gonna make a video about this thing. Was it were you that charged up about people thinking this was real? I was charged up, I, think I was probably kind of charged up when I rode the thing back in the day before I made the video the blood even think yeah, just the blog thing, but I I bet I was just like charged up for a second like a lot of ideas. I get for videos, I'm I, get annoyed by something like in passing and then I'll embrace that feeling and like by the time I'm making the video I'm like I don't care. This is the this is the conceit of this so yeah, that's probably what happened and at the time I mean this. It's funny to look at this part, because it's true what I'm saying that was an era. 2007 was like there would be these weird gifts and weird videos and people were buying it like a lot like. Nobody even knew really that you could fake something like that. Yeah I mean they didn't. That's not the first thing that came to your mind, you're, just like oh, the internet is showing me things. I have sweet and innocent yeah, and so it was very fitting like at the time. But now it's it's like the opposite. It inverted it's like everybody's yeah. Sending me such a video suggestions of like somebody's like juggling I'm like and they're like this can't be real right, he's juggling five balls like I'm like yeah. That's real! Well, have you never seen? Have you not gone to a circus and seeing somebody through I follow five clubs? What do you think about the? What do you think about the fact that we're now also skeptical? Do you think that that's a problem in another way yeah? Well, it's not I would almost not call it. Skeptical is just like pretending to be like emulating the vibe of being a skeptical critical thinking. Person like it's it's in now. Maybe the skepticism movement succeeded too much, and now it's become like this, like it's cool to just not believe anything and that's not productive, it's more like being a contrarian yeah like you can follow off the other side of it, and so it's important to think about the fact. It's not about how you're reacting to stuff or like it's not it's not about having an opinion on a thing. It's about like filtering the way you receive the information, like you always think the controversial things come to us in news stories and posts, you know, and, and it's like it's always amped up a little bit and you got to always step back from. You know, like all the recent like new, deep fake and whatever things like it's concerning it's interesting I want to ask you about those, but like the way we always receive it is like a punch in the face. Like did you know that the thing that Hollywood art is needed, millions of dollars and teams of people to do- can now be done by one nerd in a room with a pressing, a button like that's not what's happening, but that's how we perceive that's, how we receive all these stories and it's being skeptical, as has become about like I'm gonna filter, all the sensationalism away. You just look at the real problem and what do I think about this? How does it fit into the whole? Just by the way this video viewed? Do people watch this video um I, don't well yeah I mean I started making more because it got caught on a little bit. Maybe caught on meaning, like I, went over the 300 view threshold at the time, what a reaction people like yeah and so I I have probably took like two months to make another one and just to come up with a thing and then a third one, and then, after the three like I, think whoever stumbled upon them notice that there is a series thing going on and that that started giving them all of them. Views like they got best around right, right right and at that point, I think. Actually, after the first one I guess, I had the foresight because I posted it on my personal little YouTube channel first and then I'm like yeah I'm, making a channel for this. This guy's huge and I before I knew that that would happen. I made a channel and that's that's the way you're seeing God the real video probably got posted like a couple of months before. Let me just show finish it so that the people at home can see how polished it was from day one God special effect, and that worries me so I'm gonna break it down for you. The video is actually of one penguin walking across a thin patch of ice and falling through it, the other element, actually in certain, if I scene with compartir good, you can easily tell he's fake. If you look at the shadows of the two penguins as they intersect, one is darker than the other. In reality, the only one who's like gives myself, you know like I, would do the same thing in tracking an animation of a slapping wing is created and the whole thing is rotoscoped or traced to appear behind. How could anyone believe that honestly, I guess back then we are just sweet innocent, but it's like so obvious to us now, yeah I mean maybe maybe I was exaggerating, and maybe there were people that were doubting it in the comments, but I definitely saw a ton more leaving then I would ever see I agree, but I guess someone very clever thought that they could knock it up a notch. Would you just like I think rolling on the corner, like you just shot up some heroin? Oh yeah, that was kind of like the thing I was going for. I was just thought like. Maybe this would be darker and again yeah, but then it kind of became a little more Disney. Somehow I, don't know, know what happened well. Yeah, it's well I. Think it's hard to keep up like the heroin addict I. Think of that yeah I was thinking. I was channeling like I. Remember, I, liked the beginning of the MTV show of the max the animated series based on that comic book. I, don't know if you ever heard of it really cool as back like the 90s thing, but anyway it began with this cool like push into this dark alley. Just like they made a comic book. Look, you know like a cartoon and it was like it's awesome and healed. It's like this hobo that thought he was a superhero and he lived in a box, and so I was doing. Some I see that yeah I see that does it ever frustrate you that after 10 or 11 years now, almost of making like really incredible high production content that you spent months on they've never been acknowledged like officially by YouTube, and that like people like Logan and Jake Paul are such huge thing. I, don't sound like I'm above that, but honestly, no because, like I, my I think my brain it maybe my brains in the wrong place, but I'm always like I'm I've, been so resistant to all the YouTube culture. Even that guy's, not I, wouldn't put like, what's called the end, end card and cards on my videos for like the longest longest time and everybody already figured that out yeah and it's only now that they have the feature for it. I do a little thing and I only want to really push people to patreon cuz. That's like the main thing and I. Don't I, try not to like ask for subscribers and things, and not that there's anything wrong with that. But that's just like my weird hang-up, like I, want to I, want to feel like I'm, making little movies and being creative and putting these little like little work of art on paper, ixnay yeah even comment like the video right I. Don't I, though the longer I'm doing this, the more I realized. There's no reason not to like that. It's fine like that's how it works and if you're smart, that's how you do it, but I, don't know I'm trying trying to like walk that line and be a little bit like no I totally get it, but it like I think there's a line for sure where you can not compromise but also help yourself yeah, but I've noticed I've noticed you been doing a better job of it. You've been on Reddit a lot, a lot: I love there I think your channel is it's due for a yessum I am soldier, I have to I, can't get complacent. I have a tendency to just get complacent with things I'm, not like a mover shaker so I once in a while I'll do this Glacial move of when I started my patreon, that was like the last time. I did something: okay, I! Have this plan I'm gonna make up these pledges that make this introductory video and I just did a bunch of things and I did it and it's working like I set up this machine. Yeah yeah, but I haven't done anything like I'm, not like constantly evaluating I. Don't know how to read my analytics: it's like I, don't know: okay, 90% men, 2 percent yeah well I'm sure that there are ways they're, smart ways, Susan of everybody's, always talking about them. I just have to you know either do a better job of it or get with the person that you know is someone that is good at that side of things and make it like a partnership where they just may tell me what to do like here's, how you'd be better at all the stuff YouTube's worried, I feel like grunt coming up. We were super obsessed with like analytics and stuff and like get it doing the right thing to get more subscribers, but now I feel like no. That stuff really matters. It's just really a matter of if the YouTube algorithm likes your content and wants to promote it, yeah I guess it comes down to that now, I I wouldn't know like I, really don't know, I, don't understand why it's still such a mystery like. Why are why don't we know how it works? This is all we do like. We should kind of know, I think the real secret is that even people at YouTube don't know how it works, because now it's learning, it's machine learning thing changing it. It's only purpose in life is to create as much watch time as possible. You know, and so it's kind of off doing its own weird thing. I! Guess in that. In that sense it's also it's almost impressive that people do figure out by observing, like youtubers figure out how it, how its behaving yeah, it's pretty tough to nail down. Yes, I still I've almost gotten used to now the thing of the new monetization. Does that happen to you a lot? It happens to me. I, don't know if this is normal. It happens on every video I post to the point where I had like a I got scared when it didn't happen with this last video, but then it just took a day and then it became but I just I'm used to clicking the button. My no review- and it comes back in like minutes usually from really okay, I, don't understand okay case I, don't know what it is. The triggers are getting to monetize, no matter what I do my face must do it no I think it's normal, like our highlights channel pretty much 80% of all the clips we post there get to monetize and it's like every time. I talk to someone from YouTube delight it's great. Like everyone's doing fine. We keep making improvements. So it's eventually but like when you post your video. You get the lion's share of your view, but I I think it says on there that you get the they keep it and they give it to you like if you're losing it during the time, really no I think there's no 50 monetized. They don't show at all right. Oh there's, okay, I! Think what you're thinking about is copyright. Yeah, yeah I know that they do that, for that, but I feel like I saw but yeah. What you're saying makes sense, because there's no I just wouldn't be odds. Yeah I want to show you something that freaked me they'll, flip out. There's some [ __ ], going on in the world of digital digital technology, represent a normal real time. So they've got all this [ __ ], and this is like its basic form. Have you seen this yeah? So this is called face to face captures I, don't know what RGB means, but these guys have made this real-time way to make it look like you realistically editing what people are saying so RGB part is important. That just means that they're using nothing but the video there's no special they're, not using like a 3d camera. It's just a really great algorithmic, yeah they're, just whatever you could take any video at any point and the other part, the of the guy you shoot with a regular webcam. Also its RGB just means the picture, no depth information. No, nothing so have a look at this. It's the REE rendering of the math interior. To this end, we recent this isuh. This is a real video of George pushing this guy's just molarity face yeah. It still looks a little fishy, cuz like well. First of all, we know yeah and second of all, it still has room for improvements, because knowledge, you're, able to generate a realistic and convincing reenactment result is unbelievable. It looks really hear you they have another video where their take a speech of Obama, yeah and basically change yeah and just completely change it with another. One of his speeches and I'm, just gonna show you guys brief as quick as I can here, given this audio ISO for reference, woman, young people can stay up tonight. They take one speech about a book stories. You can cover a lot of ground. This is this one. It looks for he's giving a completely different speech and they use this one here and convert it onto this speech just to show yes, yes and they're, not even using the video they're just using the audio they're, making the audio move his mouth Wow. What is the point of this? If not like propaganda, know that? Well, that's what's funny is that. Why are they picking I guess they picked presidents and stuff political figures yeah because, like maybe they thought that's the footage that they give the longest talking ads by I'm sure they could have used theirs, regular people that makes it kind of ominous but um. Oh, you said why why I mean the the - from what I've heard the Institute's and things? This is the work of several different, usually like colleges, technological colleges, doing this research, they're saying it's like telepresence. If you're like on a submarine or something- and you can't be in a business meeting and for some reason they have to see your face, it's like that seems completely, but maybe more the one that first video you were showing the lady goes on to say like they had. They use an example where they have like a translator, like a synchronous, translator translating like at the UN when they have the things in their ear, and they want to put the mouth as if this is so important, like put the movements on the person speaking the foreign language, so it looks like they're speaking. Does this kind of stuff scare you at all? Do you are you afraid of a world where people cuz right now, you're debunking all this stuff and to you it's obvious: are you afraid of a world where stuff becomes so real that it's impossible for anyone to know, including someone like you, yeah I, wouldn't like that kind of world? But there are reasons why I don't I'm, not afraid of these particular examples. This technique, this approach to it I, don't think, is one of those things where you can say this is gonna get better and it's gonna be undetectable that, because what they're doing is in the end is like retching pixels around the puppeteering, a piece of footage that is already recorded right, so you can I mean you could see it with the naked eye and even if they got the movements very natural and realistic you'll. Still like you, zoom in you'll, see like things are being just a little. It looks a little out of place. Yeah I mean you, you won't be able to tell just by the what's the subject that you're seeing, but if you couldn't go in like you'll, see that like baked in artifacts or whatever things are being distorted after the facts. After the fact- and you can like forensic, really see that with not a lot of I could do it. You know it's like the tools. I look at videos with, but the new, the more new stuff with the machine learning is a whole different thing and that's the one where I would be concerned, but also not in the way that the scared, the fear-mongering, that is kind of the way that is being presented. But it's more of a thing to be on the fear-mongering being like propaganda, well show in North, Korea, Obama, saying: hey, I want ya, thank you or the more practical thing of people making. You know porn celebrity a deep dig, deep fakes, I, never heard of it, and then someone texted me and I. Looked it up and I? Actually, it's crazy because it's being banned everywhere, like a thread, is being removed on one side, it's been removed, but they found a way to take our famous actresses or whoever's faces. Put it on a similar, figured porn star and did it have you seen them know what it is yeah it's it's like. It looks real. Essentially it looks like I haven't, it looks pretty real, but what it is is is like their shift. It's no longer doing it through, like artistry, is just shifting the whole task to a machine, so somebody put together an algorithm, or maybe it's a conglomeration. Yes, but it's not it's not it's it's scarier than that because they take you, take a big library of images of whatever person they I. Guess they use celebrities because you can get a ton of somebody's face and the more variety you get of different examples they're facing and how the lighting is. You feed it all into this algorithm. There's somebody literally made an app that you can download and it's kind of like it's primitive, but it works. You you give all that to the machine to the algorithm. It looks at all the faces it lines them up until it figures out what this is and like it knows how to position this face. It creates like a realistic digital mask of the person. Then you just say take this point: clip track the face in this the same way, and now it's not just putting like footage of a face. It's putting this like dynamically controlled digital replication of the person, so it looks like disconcertingly real weirdly. It still looks like it looks fake now, because it's like the the resolution and stuff is not there and you can see a lot of artifacts from the reference photos, the views, but it looks, but at the same time like the way it's integrated is considering how new it is. I was shocked by how so this this is what scares you more than like. It scares me, but at this even here, I like for a different reason: I'm not like on the rooftop shouting like we're doomed, because this is it's true like when artists when digital you know, artists and movies do stuff. It's still human decisions, human-like touches and I as a human or a captain, disillusion whatever he is, can look and reverse-engineer that and say this shadow shouldn't be there whatever. This is different, because it's true I agree that this is a case where it's gonna get better and it's gonna look flawless, but you just have to shift the task of checking if it's fake to the same algorithm like I'm, not I, don't know a lot about programming and data sight machines yeah, because I don't see why the algorithm can't just be adapted to just scan for what the algorithm did. You know because it's it would know better than anybody sure so I I mean I, don't know if that's the way it would work, but I would a that's the way. I would approach the problem, and it's like, if the as we're getting to the point where you literally can say, like computer, get Scarlett Johansson put her in this porn clip and then you press of one button and in a minute it gives you this completely indistinguishable thing that it's her you it that the day we have. That is the same day. We'll have another app in the absolute that says it is this fake and the air porn is gonna, be off the changes in ten years future made it guys to the future in in one of your recent videos, the gateway to Sedona great video. By the way, god bless you, you take issue at the end with people who blur the line between fact and fiction, under the guise of like hey I'm, just a troll and um and I'm just trying to make a buck and make entertainment right. But you took issue with that. You think that it's more harmful than that. So what exactly is the threat you see us facing with people who blur that line and aren't honest about them? Blurring the line? It's nice to know it's it's hard enough to discern like what's real, just without people intentionally faking stuff right, like we're constantly and evaluating our world, using like science to try to understand. What's going on around, you know and connect all these dots and make sure it's a consistent model what's going on so why I don't know why you would like do that on purpose because, like what I encountered when I made that video is this, this whole there's this whole culture of people who like this, it has a name that it's a it's um, there's a thing: there's a subreddit yeah called interactive, no sleep where they tell fake or stories that are supposed to be real and it's against the rules to ever acknowledge or be skeptical or to say: hey, that's fake right! It's like a full immersion! Well, I! Think I I mean I, understand what is meant by that. But I. Don't understand why my opinion is, if it doesn't, if your story, your the world, that you're building whatever doesn't work without that one thing of you breaking, you know not acknowledging that it's fake, then it's that's the. If that's the only thing that makes it good, then is it good like why like? Why can't we have? Because maybe there are examples of it that are harmless, but it's the same device that, like a hoaxer or someone who's spreading misinformation like the things that matter, medical myths, you know and a vaccine things or whatever like same thing, same techniques, so am I just supposed to leave it up to the Creator like you're, an artist and you're. Just telling your little ghost story, you have a ghost in your apartment, but like someone else, is doing that. The way that that person is keeping up the reality of it is the same exact techniques that someone will use. That's doing it in a harmful way, like nefarious, so like why you know why maybe that's self-righteous or like no I can see, but it's it's a professional lying in a way yeah like I. Just don't see! Why, like you, cannot do that one little asterisk to it and also like people. The way that some of this this this immersive storytelling or whatever it's called it's done, is like it's not done in some enclosed community, like someone will have a twitter or whatever do, or someone will have a YouTube channel, and then you can see from their reactions that yeah, there's I, guess, there's a ton of people that get it that are in on the thing and they're just playing along and they love it that this feels real. But some people are there because they're credulous of it and I I say that I bet these, like the creators of these things like they depend on the part of the entertainment, is coming from the fact that there are people walking in on this unaware thinking it's real and that's what gets there gives them. The goosebumps is they're getting entertainment, and that's weird to me like why? Why? Why do you enjoy that? Someone out? There is getting fooled by it for real. You know, like I, said like it's just we're, leaving it in the creator's hands. If this is harmful or innocent or like and I don't know is. That is the responsibility on the viewer. In a way, I mean like this one video you talk about this guy, injecting sperm into an egg yeah. That's that's true. I, don't know the answers like question. It's like good, like yeah, like I, that one I have almost a soft spot for the guy because it's like, even though he very like the other examples, I give. They don't talk to their audience to ignite, to say this is fake or not fake. They just don't engage, but that guys, like all over his comments, like people like serious, like scientists, will say like look. This is how the thing works and he will write a whole thing about like no. This is how science work. Actually you didn't you don't know about this thing in this book. I'll just come he'll just weave this, like story just being very committed yeah, but it's at the same. It's against its said against this really ridiculous. Like thing of him doing like see the guys. Well, no, it's on you to write it lives on your job. Well, at any rate, this guy, he takes an egg and he makes a homunculus and it gets more wild over and while he's got series, one of them being he it starts by him scoring his semen on a syringe into an egg right and it comes Yelp grows into some I read human chicken yeah and he well so you say that, but like people say, that's not possible because those two things can't mix but he'll, he claims it's not actually a hybrid I, don't know what it is. Yeah it's it's like a new species that has like formed from just spontaneous, like the sperm, just encouraged it to form, and it's not inseminated it. There's all these kids around the world, squirt injecting their semen. That's right! That's the thing that bothers me about like something like there's this channel, that I've always make fun of called prank invasion, and this guy does kissing pranks, where they'll approach a girl and have like hey. You want to play a quick game for a kit, quick kiss. Let's play rock paper scissor and if I win we get to make out and he approaches his girls who are like bikinis in the middle like at a beach or something and all of a sudden, they're open mouth making out and it's clearly staged, but he'll never admit that it's fake and his audience are all young kids, so he's creating a fleet of people who are going out and doing like sexual assault, borderline and under the guise that hey. This is how the world works for slick-ass cool it is, and so for me, that's obviously harmful. In that case, and here you definitely have fleets, some kids, injecting their semen into act, and then, if God knows what happens that afterwards put it back, they throw it out, he's a young kid he doesn't know, but maybe his mom cook, that egg for breakfast that's sick. That's probably happens, though, somewhere in the world more than once so 14 million views yeah so that this actually has a really wide implication on this make sure the line is clean. Obviously, of course, I love. The little thing like it kind of is that when he injects it like it displaces those you make sure yolk or whatever. If it comes out of mic drips on his hand. Now, let's see the creature so in the creature show up in this yeah, so he breaks yeah, he Briggs the egg. He makes it and the whole thing like one little thing that made this 14 million views. Is that there's a little slow motion? Oh right right, all right! This is me like if it was just because I'm still that little touch it gives you that I think movie, but Legion, no I, guess not. He didn't have to do much yeah. That was just some like, but you like winning yeah yeah right now, when he like, maybe 10 seconds from now something some of those genius really careful. Now that's a new species, so wait. Is it moving yeah as a little tendril, a little quiet, yeah yeah? So what so? What's going on right now? Well, I mean in this case, like actually I. Looked at all these guys, those guys videos and as far as I could tell I kind of later on when he starts breeding them and doing weird things: semen and yeah, like I thought, like maybe he was doing a little 3d stuff, but I looked at it all kind of closely and I realized that he is just warping. It's just warping of the image kind of like the face. Warping yeah, but you know not like you, took a little care to like isolate the thing yeah ground and move it around and I. Do it like I, do it and passing with a little toy in my video like the principle that I exactly the same I mean it looks good like there's, no I, guess I'm not looking at it closely, but it's convincing it's a small details done fine and he does, although, like the designs of his Pokemon they're, pretty silly-looking like they're like roleplay cartoons, but I still does the effects pretty carefully like it's creative, yeah yeah and that's like it's creative. It's almost like this very deep satire, maybe he's like yeah. This is so dumb like if you believe this this you know yeah but yeah, maybe not I, don't know. I can't tell he's very it's interesting, [, __ ], you know I I, didn't know this should exist. Yeah. This, like a Russian, is a Russian for that guys. Rushing YouTube, there's like tons of who's there, yeah I, don't I, don't frequented, but I yeah, there's a whole, its ass own world, I guess really it. What is the best fake you've ever come across during your career as Captain disillusion? Well? Well, I'll. Come that's hard to answer, but I. Think someone also asked like a similar inverse thing which is like what's a thing I was sure was fake. Yes, but I kind of like it cos fakes I, don't know like it's hard to. Nothing stands out because it's all part of the same you know process and it's like someone does a little better, someone's a little more inventive with it. But it's this in my brain. It's like a sea of sameness, but yeah like sometimes I get I suffer from the same over skepticism on things, and people will send me a video and I'm like this looks so on its face fake that I just assume it's fake and I started figuring it out and I'm decide to make a video of it so that the one I don't know from a year or so ago. Someone passed around this thing at like a water park where this guy comes down this water slide, and you know you usually come down a water slide and just fall into the pool, but he just continues to slide on the surface of the water all the way to the edge of the pool and just kind of get site using the inertia that looks so ridiculous. That I was like okay I, don't even have to check I'm, starting from the premise that this is fake. Now, how did they do it? It's weird because, like as he transitions from the water and Stanley sent me that video again yeah there's a person walking like a cross in front of camera. So it's like hiding the transition I'm like obviously that's what you're all your radars, weird yeah, it's like tailor-made and it's kind of shot from like one perspective point, and even though the cameras shaking it's kind of just sitting in one place, it's not really motion, but I started. Looking at it and I'm like okay I'll. Try this I'll look at this I stabilize it I'll! Look at it. You know at different speeds, whatever the standard things I start with and I'm like you know what this is I, don't know. This is starting to look like there's nothing to grab on to at all. It should be simpler than there's this kind of effect, and then somebody posted and I research. What is this place? What it's like a Jamaican like resort or something, and then somebody posted somebody else doing it from a different angle from a slightly different angle, I know and then it's someone else had performed the same trick. Yeah I, don't know if yeah I think it was a different person, but it's definitely a different angle on the thing at the same park. So is there a possibility for Salah hold on point of this? This tweet has 14 million. Let them fuse crazy, slidin literally into the dams, like that's, no wonder has been seen so my time to the okay. So, let's see here, yeah ooh, it looks yeah. It looks like a viral video like it does like. There's a difference yeah or like the ads with the whatsit, the deodorant spice, yeah Old Spice. That's just wow! That's impressive, either way yeah, and so is it possible that this is just a that. It was so good that it fooled you it's possible, but I wouldn't bet on it like just it starts to defeat the purpose like I mean unless yeah, maybe someone will come on and say and explain how they did it like? What is it that they got me on, but I'm pretty sure, just from seeing the other versions of this and like just reading up the fact that this is just a weird thing, also the way he's just like yep I just did that yeah I know, and that kills me the little transition of the person and then yeah right in front of it and like you could it looks strange because he hasn't his shirt is completely off and then, as the lady passes, it's like wow like it's. So is the perfect real thing: yeah like it's very misleading, so that's one of the ones where I'm like this. This got me in like the reverse way. That's a great video I. Give that yeah I think. Did you get the captions sliding into the DMS? Is there a fake that was so awful, so bad that convinced so many people that sticks out in your mind, I guess you know back in the day, yeah like the Penguins, like people used to really just want to believe I, guess or just they didn't know any better, but yeah. That's probably like the older. The video, the cheesier it is that one is the oldest. That was the one that got. You know that one I mean all of those early videos. I'm like it, took me like two seconds to figure out everything about the video and there I figured out. How do I explain this over five minutes to make it interesting you mentioned once again, I mentioned the Sedonas video you mentioned at the end, the consequence of Burnt blurring the lines between real and fake is stuff, like this government-funded UFO research that was performed recently, and they were talking about. It was from it's from a while back, but it's coveted that that was funded for like twenty two million dollars. What agency was it I? Think it was the Air Force, some government agency funded an actual investigation, dat UFO, based on some evidence that they are some video that they had. It was just a pet project of I forget the name of the person, but it was like this politician who just thought he's a believer he's into UFOs and he wanted to use a whole department of an agency to I, guess just figure. It out for him or whatever, but it's clear from the way he talks about it, that article that initially, like kind of brought attention to this, they they're pretty thorough and how they you know, did they're pretty fair to the whole story and they explained like the guy was into this, like, if that's like a lot of people point to the fact that it very existence of it is evidence that something's out there well but like yeah as we can see in the example of that situation, it's like if, if it's, if someone up top, decides that he must know well nobody yeah, but if, if it's just a decision by them, then we can see how it's one guy that ultimately got the ball rolling. But now it looks like oh, the an agency had department, but it was really just like this weird thing somebody thought up and they had the power to do it. So it to me it says the opposite. It's like it's easy to look at something established and say it's it's like you know: I I'm, not! You know. There are a lot of like skeptical, bloggers and podcasters that know this, like general cultural stuff, like myths about Bigfoot and UFOs, and they you could they do a good job explaining this stuff, but you can trace things like the fact that there were literally no UFOs before like 1950 or whatever. That became like somebody faked a thing once like someone used like a hubcap or whatever on a string, and then it just out where someone wrote some novel, where this was described as a saucer, it's like it all stems from at that point, yeah and now in retrospect it looks to us like. Oh, it's always been a things all you see. Wouldn't there be something to this, because everyone is seeing saucer shaped things all over the world, but it's it's like a myth that feeds on itself. You can never trust this. You know interesting kind of thing without looking back into the history. Are there any conspiracy theories that you believe? Is there any credible conspiracy theories out there? I guess I, don't follow like details like I'm sure, there's little person is there one? Yes, sirree like there's something there, probably like YouTube, just shenanigans like I, don't know like yeah I would probably be in the corporate world. There's more there's real kind of thing yeah, but I I, don't I, don't follow like the political landscape and social things to know like which ones look a little more real to me than others, but I mean I'm, not saying like conspiracies do not occur. You know we have the word for a reason like yeah, most definitely yeah, but it's become kind of a kind of a mamey. Hasn't it here. I'm gonna ask you one last question: hmm! This is customary of all of our guests. If you don't have a good answer, feel free to just say: hey I have nothing to say: that's completely fine. What could this be? You're gonna be disappointed, probably because our fans, you do notice, go sorry. Do you have any interesting ghost stories, paranormal experiences or anything because well? Well, because my answer is because I knew that you asked this I tried to think really. What can I know? Iii yeah I tried. I want to be fair because everybody expects like gonna, be like nope, yeah yeah, that's fine, I, don't have anything yeah well, so the best I mean I want to be fair. I want to tell you kind of a story like a highlight reel of several things, and you tell me okay. That was a kid that was a little kid like second grade. We had this weird schedule where our classes would be in the afternoon, so we'd be at school too late at night when he gets dark and one time we're in recess and we're like our classroom is at the end of a hallway, with a stairwell where it's, the lights are out and dark, and it's kind of creepy and red at recess, and one of our classmates says. Oh, you know, I know this like thing where you say these incantations. If you do it in the middle of the night, in a dark place and that's quiet, you can summon like UFOs and aliens from another dimension and we're like cool. Let's do this and we go into the dark stairwell and he starts creepily like sitting and just saying alien things in language, and it's like we're standing there and watching this guy speak in tongues, and then it started starting. This feeling starts to come over us, like some shits gonna go down right now, like I, feel the presence of the thing right smash cut to a few years later. I'm still a kid but I'm like in my neighborhood I, had a best friend where we would like get into trouble crawl into people's backyards, and you know going go into construction sites and whatever, and he found out that we can get into the Attic of this creepy looking apartment building that we lived in front of and that had this big communal, it was like from the 30s. Oh, it was a normal apartment, building but kind of creepy, and we found out we can get into the Attic which had no windows. It was just this crazy space. We walked in there, it's pitch black and it's lit only by like a couple of pinpricks in the ceiling. Just to give you enough light to know that, there's a space here and there's like objects that I can't make out, they could be monsters or whatever we thought. Maybe it's haunted. We don't know what we're gonna find there, so we creep in, and it's like completely silent. You know that silence. That's like it's deafening in your ears. It starts to make that noise and we're like creeping through creeping through making little creaks nothing and then suddenly something pops out of the wall like kind of from above and just shoots at us with like this menacing, like hiss and just flies right at us. Okay, smash cut -, I love, I'm, I, love, building suspense now, I'm, a pimply teenager in high school I'm, already in America now and I'm into martial arts and Bruce Lee movies and I got this book on kung-fu and I'm like it talks about you, know, kicking and punching, but also there's this section on what Shaolin masters the amazing feats they could work out and like you could keep raised like picking up a big pot that you keep filling up gradually until your hand becomes so strong, you can rip people's throats out or you can learn to control your muscles over years until you can pull your testicles into your body to avoid it kicks to the groin yeah or you can like rub your some sand in a basin until like and let it run through your fingers until eventually, over years of practice. You just rub your hands in front of the sand and you start to make the sand move and yadda yadda yadda. You have telekinetic powers to attack people at a distance and I'm like that's. The one I'll take that one I'll practice for years now. I'll. Do this I get some sand from the beach and I and I was on my way and practicing this. So what do you think the climax of each of these stories is? Can you guess I don't know I'm wait for this match? Well, the cushion cut back, so the smash cut to the first, the classmate in the stairwell. We just stood there for four minutes. Until nothing was happening, we got creeped out standing in a dark place and we just left. We just ran back to the class. The aliens didn't show up all right. The thing with the friend in in the Attic the thing the entity flew at us stopped like hovered fell down and waddled away. It was a pigeon like we scared the pigeon and I regret to tell you that I did not after years of practice, yeah well I kind of probably just spent a week rubbing some sand, but I did not have telekinetic progress. That was a great that was like an anti go story. My point in explaining and telling you that is that I don't want to I'm, not like a naysayer like I. Have a track record in my life of trying to find this phenomenon I'm down. I was always like a scared. Child like I was scared of the dark. I was scared of aliens shows or whatever, but I was curious enough to want to see these things and I tried. I've done my due diligence yeah bring it on. That's what I say: bring it on well, we'll both waiting and until then everybody go subscribe and watch Captain disillusion on YouTube and when you're done and when you realize he's the best Channel and YouTube go to his patreon and support him there. Thank you. Thank you. So much for coming out gracing us. It was a joy as a pleasure. God bless. You guys are amazing, remember guys rhett and Link on Thursday and Tuesday. We have another episode and I hope that kid Jordans not calling back any more time. I hate that kid guys. Thank you so much for watching I hope you have a wonderful weekend. Thanks for spending your time with us got blessing people in Europe. They get angry when I say have a great evening cuz it's morning for them. So shadows all my girl boys anyway, guys have a great weekend. Whatever time of day it is. God bless. You see you on Thursday Tata.