[Music] welcome everybody to the premiere experience in the podcasting world, the h3 podcast experience. All other experiences are lesser to our own. This is the premiere experience. Today's episode is sponsored by stitch, fix, mint, Mabel and empty empty movement. I am ethan klein your grand wizard host of loneliness last week. I was the Wizard of loneliness. Ela was supposed to be back this week. She had to delay her return by another 10 days or so so I've taken on the title of Grand Wizard of loneliness not to do with the Klu Klux Klan. By the way, just my loneliness I will talk more about Ella's, extended trip. It is quite sad and unfortunate, so I will save that for the end of the show and I'm not gonna lie to you guys, I'm, not wearing underwear. Today eel has been gone for three weeks. I've never been away from her for this long she's. Finally, coming back on Wednesday ela, please come home. I am come almost completely I'm out of underwear, I have no underwear, dude I just came out of the bathroom there's piss drip, I'm dribbling down my leg onto my pants. You know what I'm talking about. That's, why you wear underwear right! That's the whole point that it catches your piss I. Don't have that protection anymore ela! Please I! Need you with that being said: let's get right into it! So I got a really exciting announcement. Announcing a new game. We've got here, know your meme we're going to be taking calls today and one very lucky: caller is gonna chance to win a brand-new slammin hot samsung galaxy s, 9 Plus! What's the value of that Dan? It's like around $1,000! Now we who personally my favorite phone on the market and if you can call in and guess 3 out of 5 answers about Joey salads, you're gonna win a brand-new phone. Here's the number! If you guys think you have what it takes to know your meme with Joey salads call eight one, eight two one, four, eight five, zero four we'll be taking that one lucky caller after the break. Very very excited about that and true, we want true salad heads by the way. If you're, not a true salad head will know and Ian will hang the F up on you, quick, okay, so don't be wasting his time. Okay, loving the sound board by the way this one's dedicated to you EULA, but before I've got a lot. I want to talk about today, okay, Lucy, to Daddy, oh five, and so many more goofs and gaffes along the way, but I really like. As we did last time, I was in here the trenches by myself. You start off with a great video video of the day. Does that have a that work feel like it was a better. The better title: I was thinking video of bliss, it's a bit over the top. Isn't it video of bliss, I'm gonna think on it, but I actually had two that I thought were so great I wanted to watch it at the top with you, this one I got to tell you you're gonna, you're, gonna love, this I can't I I'm such a skeptic I feel, like part of me, thinks this is fake, but I have to believe in my soul and heart that it's real here we go. This crawfish caught the [ __ ], penny Oh show that again yeah and that guy's, just like I mean how do you react when you throw a penny at a crawfish and it catches it? It's claw. How do you react? That's pretty much the only way, but then it begs the question: why was he filming to begin with right, yeah yeah? That's? Why are you filming a crawfish on a bathroom floor and then throwing a penny at it like? What in what world is this something that you film? That makes me suspicious yet again, I've come full circle. That being said, I don't know, I feel like it's real it [ __ ] looks real, but I love. Why? Why why we need? We need the captain. We need the captain back yeah when the captain disillusion don't worry but like. Why would someone film this I mean what oh, it's from Instagram yeah everything there's fake anyway, I love it regardless and then there's one other one that I had to share with you guys. This is one of my favorite videos to come from the internet. In these past weeks, this guy went to City Hall and gave an impassioned speech, not about you know, traffic or politics or whatever city ordinance, tax, [, __ ]. You would hear at City Council. No, this man came was something much more important and pressing. He came asking that massage therapist be able to jerk you off. Sometimes you got to go with. Sometimes you have to go to City Hall to get to fight for your rights. Why can't a massage therapist touch my dick if I pay her an extra 20 bucks, 20 bucks is that it that's probably a good deal. It's probably more than that anyway, here yeah anyway, this guy obviously says it better than I ever could so with that you know here you going seems quiet, Dan, it's a little different dude are you. Why is it different than you know, you're right? Why is it different hell? We let ask doctors finger men basically finger men all day, not basically literally literally finger men's [ __ ] all day this guy's a hero, dude, don't question him! I love that his in the crutch of his argument is: what's worse, I got to go back. Is that really was the argued he's like it's more nasty for the proctologist? So let just let him jerk him off right, he's saying: what's the difference you're already getting in the folds when I just touched his dick along the way, compelling argument I'd like to see a counterpoint made to that right, right, hey man, brother, what a patriot right, Wow, Wow, full circle right there amen brother that guy's definitely a comedian right he's got the socks and sandals. That would truly be a happy ending for everyone. [ __ ] amen, brother Danny fuer. Have you ever had got a massage like like a full-body Swedish, massage Dan I have not I have seriously yeah never done it. I was gonna. Ask if, like I've gotten a couple times, but I was [, __, ] applause, sound effect, I was gonna. Ask if it's ever moved when you were getting a massage I mean I can't say in a professional setting, I mean you know. Obviously, in private, that's a different, that's a different tale altogether, but no I, it's it's too weird! I! Don't know. I have like I have a some time I'm just saying it. Sometimes it moves sure I mean it's a natural. What are you gonna do? Can you do anyway? God bless -, this guy Ian? Has it ever moved for you? Have you ever had a massage in he's off at set right now he's starting sprinkles, all right, ah God, let's just say that he has, though okay um, so anyway, I salute this Patriot and I'm all about it all right. But that being said, let's get let's get into them. The main event here, fouseytube I, feel like it's like a repeat. Almost of last week when we talked about Connie tannic on just trying to decode and explain, what's happened so fussy fouseytube, if you guys don't know who he is he's a he began as a prankster and he faked a lot of pranks. He almost he invented almost like the moral, the righteous fake prank where it was like. What was the example. You gave me dan, where he had one more. Oh yeah he's like he stands in the street and he's yelling at people for not having like their seatbelt on or something I, don't know just like he's always got to have like a moral twist on it. He kind of invented that whole thing. So anyway, he fell off. I'm, pretty sure he's been having a lot of mental issues and it seems like he's in a full-blown manic state right now, I mean he. Let's start here. Let's start from the top yeah, he says, with two million viewers Drake is going to grace. The stage of my concert. He's only got two thousand likes. That seems like a far away off two million views. Anyway. He keeps saying that Drake's gonna be at a show. Drake's gonna be at a show he's. Never he never talked to Drake he's ever known, Drake he's he sells out the Greek, a free show and he says Drake's gonna be there and obviously Drake never shows up. But basically what ensues is a lot of insanity, a lot of confusion and a very little crowd and him stalking Drake, which is probably the best and I mean the best the most entertaining and concerning thing to come out of this whole thing, this video pretty much sums it all up for me. Let me throw this up here for you this this video really has it all its got stalking. It's got a Jarama. Let's hear it quiet dant. Can you turn it up? Yep got you to the people by the way he's taking this clip from someone else's show an upload. This is a video on his channel right now, so to put it in frame here so that this is when it gets really good, so I think he probably spent about $100,000, reserving the Greek and I will say to his credit, I mean I, don't want to compare it to Tana Kong, because what Tana did was basically sell, supposedly free tickets and didn't even give on the event or refund people. His was free. So at least there's there's the a big separation to be made. There I mean he's not scamming. People he's just misleading people, but it's a free show. But what's really fascinating is just his clear mental decline here watch this is he is he I mean I can't tell if he's just like cracked out or if he's just on a manic rant yeah it. It seems very manic yeah, it seems very American and isn't he he publicly has a history of that. Does he not he? Yes, yeah he's bipolar. He said right so I, just yeah I, don't know I, think people give fousey. Well, let's keep watching. Let's get the whole frame of reference here. Great I'm trying to find some thought of item I'd like this please so tomorrow, we've had theater I love that he included that I, don't know who it was I, don't even know if it was a police officer could have just been normal guy who's. Just like [, __ ], this idiot get back in your car. He goes from being like a total badass to being like oh I'm, sorry dude, it's or nothing, but he leaves it in which I find curious. He clearly could have edited that out. He finished his statement, but he got and I and I hate to say this, but he got cooked a little bit by whoever was on the street. You know what I mean and he left that in find the interesting now this is when it get takes a really dark. Twist I mean first of all, dude. If there's a setting for any video talking to a celebrity, this is him. I mean look at look at this frame, he's mean dude. This is straight out of like a horror movie like are you in my basement right now, foo see I mean listen. What he says he's got the dongles hanging out. Those dongles are not a good look for anybody by the way, let alone a celebrity stalker, but let's watch cool you've acknowledged. Stop there I literally look and I'm acting like a crazy person right now, cuz I'm outside of the house you're at stop. There dude you just you just summarized it, but he knows that it's not actually crazy, even though it is don't ask me how I found it. I've got ways, creepy creepy ways, you're, probably wondering how did I find you you're, probably wondering to yourself right now. How did I find you and do I need to call the police and get a restraining order? Do I need to have my bodyguards bodyguards escort them out? You're, probably wondering don't worry about that. Don't worry it's interesting. How we on one hand, acknowledges all this, how creepy he's being right and, on the other hand, fully committed, it seems so manic is, it doesn't see. Yeah doesn't seem like he's, intoxicated or like on drugs, or anything he's very clear-headed about it. It's just nuts well symptoms of a manic episode. I mean here: let's read it off abnormally upbeat, jumpy or wired boom, increased activity, energy or agitation, boom, exaggerated self sense of well-being and self-confidence. Yes, unusually talkative racing thoughts, distractibility I mean yeah yep, it's extras the little layer of creepy that he keeps playing that God's plan loop. This is like such a creepy stalker video of like a weird fan. Food.If, who see ends up killing Drake I'll, be like 10% surprised, God's plan baby, you might be thinking to yourself he's like over him. Drake's sleeping in his bed and foo sees like hovering over him. You might think this is a little strange Drake, but this is God's plan for me to murder you right now. In fact, if you look down, you'll notice is already a knife in your stomach, I mean you know what he does. Meanwhile, he's got on his phone God's plan, looping God's plan little bit psycho and God's plan. Damn damn he's he's gonna come down to earth and cut in like I. Don't know how I don't know how long manic episodes last but he's gonna be like oh I, don't know if Uzi he's an interesting guy like I, don't know if I feel bad for him in a way because it's like he's it's. It's such a strange situation with him because he has a fan base like when you're, when you're having a manic episode and having delusions of grandeur the fact that he actually has a fan base and people encouraging him right. That makes it all so much more [, __, ] dot. So much worse, he's just enables his delusions. It's crazy. Can you imagine how [ __ ] having a 30-second conversation? This never happened. I promise that this event is gonna, be huge, but I need you for it to be huge. It's like yeah, [, __ ]. Obviously he doesn't need you, though. Unfortunately he goes one way I'm like I'm, like listen, guys, I'm putting on the hugest show of the year. All I need is two POC and biggie to return from the grave and co-host it with me, and it's gonna be the biggest concert ever put on yeah sick hype, bro. How long to take you to make that and premiere? Oh hey! Now my video can get copyrighted just [ __ ] me up thanks. Really thanks, foo see you're [ __ ], all of our monetization up now now I got beef with you where's, my mouse, so he uploaded on his channel. I mean it's still up of him. Literally here's a this. Always trips me out when I can see myself. It's still up of him publicly stalking a celebrity on his channel, which just shows you how unaware he is of how strange is his behaviors. So that's that's where that's kind of where it began he's now withdrawn from from the internet right, I, don't know, he's retreated back into into his cave, yeah I, don't know he he. He posted a diss track on rice gum, which I find strange like I. Clearly acting's, not working out for your dog, that was a pretty corny, read clear. Clearly, acting uh, not working out for me, like I, just acted that out better than him when I was trying to act that can I and that was really Khaled on the phone, crazy, crazy. So anyway, it's just it's really just another YouTube hip-hop fit it. You guys seen a thousand of these rap video, but what I found fascinating about this was the vision board here. Let me play for a second just, so you can kind of put into perspective what he hoped for this song. It's a rice gum district. So anyway, you get that I mean really get the idea. That's all you need to see so his vision for this rice come district is number one song on Billboard Hot 100. Can you imagine the country banking to a race come dis track 350 million views in under three months when what [ __ ] planet, it's a race, come dis track, bro like if you wanted to actually make an accessible song. Why would you just write it about anything else? Club banger on radio in the entire world at least once a day manifest your dreams. Just as I did man I swear to god, I'm I feel like I'm entering the mind of madness. Reading this help each other achieve each other's dream. Kill your ego. You got a long way to go there buddy, so I thought that was pretty pretty cute, pretty interesting. Well, guys, I mean we can get it there. We got to get this on top billboard number one I'm sure it's really close, it's climbing it's climbing fast god. I really need a look back. I need a live a kid. Next week, next week next week, baby Wednesday, no [ __, ] underwear, I, always joke about people getting [ __ ] stains I'm like who gets [ __ ] stands I'm in pants, with [ __, ] and piss inside of it. I'll show you, if you don't believe me, there's little [ __ ] streaks I've got shmegmer. Building up on my penis I didn't have foreskin Eva changes my diaper and cleans my dick telling you ela. Please come back. Where was I event, yada yada yada. He holds the event at the Greek. A free show how many C's does a Greek have like 10,000, not quite where's. This video, okay, whatever Greek, holds I believe around six or seven thousand okay, pretty big show. So this this is my favorite thing cut. So this is the show it's happening. The fousey hasn't even showed up, but this this is the [ __ ] crowd. I mean what is that like 20 people there at the stage and this DJ man, god bless his soul, crushing it huh look at the employees they're like what is this like these guys? Are you still like assuring like huge? So how depends what the [ __ ] is? This I swear to God food CMOS I I mean getting the Greek. We were gonna spend twenty five thousand just to rent out the ACE, which is a two thousand seat, theater right. That was twenty. Five thousand this on all this [ __ ] I'd, say at least a hundred thousand. He spent on this yeah and I mean the Greek. Is it's an iconic venue? It's very very much in demand yeah, it's not not cheap! Well, on a weekend, -, oh yeah, on a weekend, damn yeah, that's that's a pretty penny right there. It's trying to hype up the crowd! Well, I, don't know man. You're mixing, doesn't sound that good I love that even the DJs in on this ludus delusion. What if Drake just walked on stage right now to the hundred of you huddled around the stage he'd be so mad, no dude! It's because you not drink killing it brushing it. Damn! That's a that is a coal to crowd. My dudes that that's the vibe there there's basically nobody there and then someone calls it because it's live-streaming it's got like 60,000 views. He said he was gonna. Get two million. Drake was gonna, come out, there's like a thousand people there, sixty thousand people watching online, that's kind of a lot to be honest, but I think most people are watching just for the beautiful train wreck that they knew it was gonna be, and somebody called a bomb threat which is just like cherry on top I mean it's like I'm, not surprised, I'm, not surprised. There are conspiracy theories and I have to say they're compelling because you always have to ask yourself who benefits the most from this crime. Bomb threats called could totally be. Anyone on the internet. I mean that is a that's a juicy mean, but a fousey called the bomb threat. He wasn't at the venue. Yet he was waiting to see how big it got if Drake would just I, don't know what he thinks happen if like Drake was just like materialized he's like two million I'm here, but if he called it in himself I wonder if he was able to get a refund to be like, oh man, the show never happened or oh I have to be embarrassed because Drake never showed up. You know what I'm saying he kind of benefited the most from that bomb threat, which is why it's a compelling conspiracy, theory and I'm, not saying that. How dare you say I would never say or implicate or say, and it make any statement like that. There's an opinion. You know what I'm saying: there's a thought: experiment I'm merely asking questions I've been through enough lawsuits, one by the way, and that's plenty, that's plenty. There is some sense in it. You know I mean he benefit. He really. He did frankly. I can see him benefiting from that bomb threat. But, like you said, I mean you know: people get swatted all the time they literally could be. Somebody else just generally yeah easily. Whoever was by the way [ __ ], that person and I hope they get caught if it does end up being food soup. Wouldn't that be like the greatest twist in this epic saga ever. Am I explaining this to people understanding this making sense? Who gives a [ __ ], it's all so stupid, there's just another thing of like YouTube is just devolved into such like. Why is he famous you know what I mean like YouTube is YouTube has turned into this like engine for creating Fame for people who should never had even a taste of Fame. The most fousey should have ever been famous for his stockinged rake like there's so many people, and when you give Fame in like because Fame it has, it has a lot of power and, frankly, a lot of responsibility that comes with that and when you give it to somebody like that and many others on YouTube, it's like you're, giving a bazooka to a monkey. Lucy should not be famous man, so many other people, the Khans Tanna, should not be famous. My god. Tanna should be working at Wendy's, specifically Wendy. She does the other fast foods. For some reason don't ring true to me she should be serving up Wendy's and yet here she is, you know, well, she might be serving on burgers in prison. Pretty soon somebody's got to cook them. You think they get burgers in prison. Maybe I think they probably do that's pretty dope. It doesn't sound that bad after all, I don't know. This is why I'm like I feel like I. Don't I don't like I love, the podcast coz I I really feel like we're doing our own thing, but I just feel like youtuber is becoming and YouTube itself is just like. What is this? It's like always the same [ __ ] like this is [ __ ], stupid, I'm I've been talking about this I got to finish this story, though it's reality show you know it's the same. I guess right, but it's almost I mean. Maybe it's not worse. I, don't know I, guess you're right, it is the same impulse, but people look at Kim, Kardashian I mean I. Guess a lot of people look to them as role models. I! Guess it's the same kind of Danna, not that I know so then. Basically, the bomb threat shuts this whole [, __, ] down and he shows up, gets on his gets on a car of his uber. Drivers was fired by the way after this. So good he's like I'll give you he said this. Isn't the video but I'm not gonna, bother showing it to cuz. It's like come on. Give me a [, __ ] break, but he says I'll give you $50,000. If you let me, stand on your car and deliver a monologue to everybody and he's like okay, you know so it goes on the car. He makes him hit a blunt. He gets fired, obviously, and then Lucy's sharing their text, messages of the uber driver being like dude I got fired. I really need this. Job I need the money and he's like talk to my accountant, my accountants, gonna hook, you up whatever I, can't tell if that's flab or six-pack he's got it rolled up, though, why does he have it rolled up? What is you're already wearing a wife-beater? It's the most a breathable shirt. You can possibly wear so it's like it makes it look like he's wearing a sports bra. It does got some nice titties boy. There's some support right. I can tell his flab or its muscle, but he's real hold up just take it off. I mean take off the [ __ ] shirt. At that point, your you've gone 70% of the way training bra you've got a training bra on for some luscious breasts. You've been grilling, it sounds weird to say up, training, bra and luscious breasts. Next to each other. You know, I mean there's like ten years apart. Let's move on I love that line. It's really not a great insult heating. Up my breath, you're heating up your breakfast. Well anyway. Let's watch this [ __ ] I'm, you know, don't drag this out too much by the way. His event is called like hate, thighs, Love, Wins or whatever I've arrived yeah, and he just gets on this car and he's [ __ ] talking [ __ ] to everybody, [ __ ], you well to be fair. He there's a lot of love, sprinkled in there seemingly at random, to little love a little hate. No, he should call his vent a little love. A little hey that would have been accurate. I would have accepted. That is a more accurate. Just coming to throw a convention call a little love little hate, it's a balanced meal anyway. This this is an image of a man on the verge of a complete. You know this reminds me of remember the Kony guy, the Kony guy. He became the biggest meme on the internet right then he was jerking off at the corner, some corner in San Diego mm-hmm. He was like the most important guy and then he was jerking off in public [. __ ] is a couple. Is a couple stressful days away from full-blown masturbating in public I mean I, wouldn't be at all surprised if he whipped out his dick right now on that car he's just sharing the love did now. That's what I call love arriving. Give me three seconds. My love is about to arrive baby anyway, you get the [ __ ] idea, who gives a [ __ ] yeah anyway, I really for me, he's he's having a mental breath. There's really no question about. It, definitely he's he is bipolar and he said that so the do needs help. He needs intervention man, he needs someone who loves him and cares about him to step in and be like dude. Let's wrap this up before you get your dick out in public cuz, there's no going back once you go that far absolutely yeah the top of this week, when we heard about all of this and I started, investigating it, I was laughing. My ass off I thought was hilarious in the mirror. I watched the laughter was fading as well. Oh, this is this is actually kind of sad. This event is called the the laughter dies and the concern arises all right. Let's take a quick break, we got we're gonna come back with know your meme featuring Joey, salads I'm, so excited to play this game. We've got two all prepared. Joey himself has recorded answers, so you are not gonna want to miss this guy's see you soon. It's hard enough to dress myself. Let's be honest, especially with Iligan. It's impossible talk about going to a store, buying stuff, making decisions. It's it's unfathomable! That's why stitch fix is changing the game. So convenient stitch fix is an online site. You go, you tell them your style, your preferences, your budget, and they have a stylus that will pick out clothing for you. Based on your preferences and send it to you tailored for you, you don't have to go to the store. You don't have to pick anything out. You don't have to worry about it. You got people with taste to do that, for you and, let's be frank, most of us most of us guys, we can't dress ourselves. We are completely helpless. I'm gonna, be frank with you guys right now, I am not wearing underwear, because ILA's been gone for three weeks and I haven't done laundry I'm, just sayin, and not all of us have us and for the rest of us, that's stitch fix they've reinvented how we buy clothes. You just answer a few questions on size, preference budget boom, you're going stylus springs into action, hand, selecting five brand new clothing items just for you. The styling fee is only 20 bucks, which is applied as a credit towards anything you keep and since it is based on your preference you're still in control, it's not your mom taking over here. Okay, once your items arrive, you try them on and here's the best part you only pay for what you keep so really they're sending you closer to try on and if you like it, you keep it and you buy it, and if you don't you send it back, come on guys, it doesn't get any better than that. So get your fix. Whenever you want or sign up to receive scheduled shipments. The choice is yours. So my dudes head on over to stitch fix dot-com, slash h3 to get started right now, keep all five items in your box and you'll get 25% off your entire purchase. That's stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, it's convenient, it is gonna make you look and feel like a trillion bucks and you got nothing to lose because you can return it if you don't like it. Thank you. Stitch fix very excited about our new sponsor mint mobile, which is changing the game on cellular phone plans. Now let me give you a little anecdote when I was in Israel and me and hello were really broke. Barely getting by. There was companies that was doing like these guys did and it saved our ass. What these guys offer is basically an exit from these normal giants like AT&amp;T and Verizon and everyone else, because these guys will cut your wireless bill down to 15 bucks a month instead of instead of what 50 to 100 bucks I mean mobile, it's so freakin expensive. It should be $15 a month and these guys are gonna. Get you there. Mint mobile is proving to millions of Americans that getting your wireless bill doesn't have to be the worst day of the month. They make it so easy to cut the wireless bill down to just 15 dollars. You your own phone with any meant mobile plant. You can keep your old number along with all of your existing contracts and you choose between two five or ten gigabyte 4G LTE plans. There's no, you don't have to pay for an unlimited data plan that you're never gonna use. Every plan comes with unlimited talk and text, so you can safely and cheaply annoy all your friends and loved ones. I hope my mom doesn't get this plan and get it because she calls me a lot just one of those jokes and if you're not 100%, satisfied mint mobile has you covered with their seven day, money-back guarantee outfox your old wireless bill and start saving with mint mobile. Listen guys, 15 bucks, you it's it's the same! [ __, ] it's in this day and age is not like. Oh can you hear me now: it's the same [ __ ] everyone's got good reception, 15 bucks a month, I'm telling you this [ __ ] is gonna change. Everything for you to get your new wireless plan for just $15 a month, plus free shipping on your mint Mobile SIM card, go to mint mobile.com, slash, h3, that's mint, mobile.com, slash, h3, cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month and get free shipping on your mint Mobile SIM card mint mobile, comm, /, h3 and the empty movement watches are the greatest watches on the market and the cheapest price. How do they do that? They cut out the middleman and do it themselves don't take my word for it. Take it from the almost two million people that have bought watches in 160 countries and they continue to revolutionize the market check this out, they've come from being crowdfunded kids working out of a living room the past years. They not only introduced a ton of new watch collections for both men and women, and also expanded into sunglasses and fashion forward bracelets for her they keep making new new products. Look at this is their new one right here. This is the revolver I got to tell you I like it. I want I want one of these look at this black one, dude slick as hell. It's like what the [ __ ] is up now, haters, that's what I would that's what it says to me, and this is what I frankly like this okay, it's a watch. It tells the time and it looks good. It's not blowing up my wrist ela, always sending me nudes. Give me a break. You know what I mean it's a watch, that's what it does. It looks good, so movement watches start at just $95 at a department store you're. Looking at four to five hundred to five thousand a million dollars in department stores, but these guys 95 bucks classic design quality construction styled minimalist again, don't take it from me. Take it from the two million people that are wearing this right now and getting tons of people touching their dick, probably tons of that so get 15%, because the watch looks so good they're. Just like oh [, __ ]. Let me grab your dick not in a sexual assault way. Just like. Oh my god, it's like you want it and then they touch it. It's not like a crime get 15% off today with free shipping and free returns. By going to nvm t.com / h3 cyn VMT keeps growing check out their expanding collection, go to and VMT dot-com / h3 and join the flippin movement. Welcome back everyone to the experience. I miss us so much god! I wish it wasn't. [ __ ] my [ __ ] diaper right now, I, you know what I feel like feel like Bo Anil is my Papa I should tell you got. We were goofing around on Twitter a little bit that Drake was gonna, be here where that's not real. He I just I, have to stalk him a little bit later. I have somebody I have a bunch of goons stalking him right now. So if we can get up to a hundred thousand live viewers on the stream right now, I don't know what we're at but Drake will as I understand it from fousey. He will basically materialize into the podcast studio, so you know tell everybody to tune in so I. Just told I'm really excited for love to arrive. I should tell you guys by the way that fousey reached out to me yesterday. I almost had him on the show today. I almost had him on he reached out to me and said something like only you can cut through the [ __ ]. If you ever want me on. Like said, he'd save himself for you, he said that his virginity I mean you want. Should we find out I, see I, wonder if he's into giving happy endings, which is every American's god-given right? You should take all of this manic energy. He has and go he's not gonna at the City Council meeting, get all that manic energy and put it into rubbing my dick anyway. He can't he contacted me and I almost had him on, but I was like I I, don't know, I'm I miss my I feel like with ela gone. I gotta play it straight I get into trouble when he was gone. You she's back home dealing with some really heavy-duty stuff. I got a good do it straight. I wanted to talk about. What's going on with ela, so I was I, don't I! Don't want that circus coming in here and and like I. Don't really care that much fun being honest. You know, I mean really good until I mean, what's there to say, yeah. What's her to say the guy's insane really he's a lunatic right, there's not really anything more a breakdown than that you know. Alright, let's go let's get on with it. No you're mean guys. Alright! Here we go here. We go I'm excited you guys are gonna love this I. Really we we put effort okay. So here we go. Welcome everybody to know your meme, the first episode featuring Joey salads. Do you know your meme, let's find out with our first caller Dan, the music seems too loud. Okay, I mean it sounds good on the stream, but I'll pull you there. Let's take our first call Laura Laura you're on the air. How are you Laura? Keep it together, we're playing a game here? Alright, are you ready to play? Know your meme all right here we go question number one all right. Let me turn this music off to get a bit much Joey's, most embarrassing recorded act. Is it a his dick pics leaked online, be pinging in his own mouth or seed being caught race, baiting fake pranks go ahead. What do you think a B or C take you. This is based on his own answer. Peeing in his own mouth. Is that final answer alright hit us with it Dan? What is his answer? Damn really good. Try really really good. Try I would have guessed peeing in his mouth. That's embarrassing for most people, but sadly, Joey is a host to many embarrassing moments and you were very close. So, based by the way, you need three points. We've got five questions, so all hope is not lost. Okay, you're good, so we're moving on to number two okay. What does Joey salads like most about Donald Trump? Is it a his policies? B his swagger or C his hate for Hillary Clinton. Take your time well, stop getting the mind of Joey salad enter the mind of madness. Swagger. Is that your final answer go ahead and roll it? That's right, Swagger's, correct all right! Joe! You take you explaining to I yeah yeah. We got it. We got it yeah. That is correct. His attitude, his swagger, you have crew. You have successfully gotten the mind of salad and you're. Doing great you've got one point: you need two more we've got three more questions. Okay, you feel. How are you feeling feeling confident, you're holding it down you're doing great here we go question three: what percentage of Joey salads pranks are faked? A 50/50, B, they're, all fake or C they're. All real enter the mind of salad. Take your time, a B they're, all fake! That's a debt! That's a very definite answer. It's all answer well, take cube, take a moment, think about it: [Music] Jenny, 10 cents, man running out. You have 10 seconds on the clock, a B or C 50/50. Your final answer: is it 50/50 Dan, congratulations! Laura! You are just one correct answer away from this brand new Galaxy S 9 plus. Do you need this phone? Will you cherish and enjoy this phone? That's a good answer. It's a really good answer. Alright, there's two more left! You only need two ones needs one right. You know we got this. We got this okay. What is Joey salads real last name? Is it a salah' T, no cell, a teeny? Oh sorry, Sal, a teeny, Oh, B, salad or C Saladino. Take your time. That's a tricky one! Salatin yo, salad or Saladino enter the mind of salad. What does your heart say? [Music]? Let the final answer to the mind: meditate! You have one more chance, so don't stress, but we are running low on the clock. What is your answer? Saladin? Oh, is it Saladino dan? Do we have any winning music Dan we've been winning music I? Guess it's a little salad. Do you know that is 3, correct, congratulations, you're, a winner! We've got one bonus question. If and let's just say it: let's do this! Ok, cuz I! You know, we've got these answers from Joey they're, all terrific. So let's do this. If you get this wrong, you lose the phone no I'm kidding. I won't do that to you I'm kidding, but let's just play it. Let's just play it for fun. Alright, if you get this right, we're gonna include some swag, some extra swag you're gonna love crazy, [, __, ] dude. It's ranges, Drake, basically, Drake's gonna show up to your house mm-hmm. Are you I, don't know if he'll do anything you want literally talked about it. So that's what I'm offering you is yeah I, don't know if you're into that, but that's what's on the table, what no no no he's coming with much more than singing okay! So there's really nothing on this table, but I love the tension. So let's melt it Joey. What is Joey salads, favorite type of salad dressing? Is it a ranch, be Italian or see? Does he hate salad itself and a stunning you're? Confident a true fan, hmm a true listener. Hmm I, like you very much Laura and I'm, glad we're giving you this phone, because gee I have to say Dan. What is the answer? Yes, you are the ultimate winner, Laura, crushing no you're mean coming through with a staggering four points. Out of five, this brand-new Samsung, Galaxy, S, nine plus is yours. Unreal and Drake is gonna. Come he's, gonna sing for you and so much more and that's my personal guarantee do dan. How do we keep her on the line? Can we pass her over to Ian to get our details? Yes, we will yeah stay on the line and we'll stay on the line. Laura. Thank you for the first winner of know, your meme. Everyone give a round of applause. That was a lot of fun. Thank you very much and God bless you. God bless all right. All right, I think that went pretty well hey. That was a lot of fun. We were worried that people wouldn't be. You know up to snuff on the flora. Joey trivia she entered the mine of salad. Four out of five was stressful when she missed the first one, which is kind of exciting yeah yeah know that there was ups and downs. Oh, my god, we got it. Gutters I want to do one with like Ethan, Bradberry and Moe. Hmm yeah I got to think who else would be really good at this, but that was that was a blast. I'll do the Bradbury's we could do. We could do mr. Antonio Bradbury farms forever guys I want to look back in Memorial. Today, daddy of five, as you all know, was the great and wonderful youtuber who filmed himself abusing both physically and verbally his children for the amusement of everyone on YouTube, and if I can continue my thesis of youtubers being garbage that shouldn't be famous, he is really the main exhibit there here. You have a man like if we can pull up just an image so that you all know kind of what I'm talking about here. You have a man white trash as as as humanly possible, who has found fame and fortune on YouTube daddy of five I mean give it up. I mean there's nowhere else. In the planet, where a man like this, ladies and gentlemen, a man like this could ever find Fame look at that. He he and his wife, who won't say much, but man. She is something him and his wife, we're abusing their kids, actually had quite a fan base, half a million subscribers hundreds of thousands of views on every video, and there was one that really crossed the line. The police got involved, they actually they're convicted for child neglect. He had some kids from a previous marriage right. They were removed, they were removed, yes right and he was convicted from for child neglect and his first channel was shut down, but being the Intuit that I won't say the industrious the ingenuity, the great daddy-o 5 rebranded himself. He returned triumphantly to YouTube under the flag of family of five beautiful he's back he's been back at it for several months. Until recently, his name came up again and I'm sad to say after posting another video of abusing his poor son, who I'm sure and I hate to say this about his son is probably gonna shoot up a school in five years and I don't enjoy saying that, but I would I mean I, keep an eye on that kid and I appreciate I, mean I, know that I've been through a lot and I love that kid he's a sweet guy. But when you make your kid dress like this, this kid's name is Cody. This kids [ __ ]. They just bully on this poor kid he's like man, it's crazy. They make him wear glasses with like look at this [ __ ]. They make him wear these glasses and it's got like the tail, so he can't drop them. But it's like really tight around his head and you cannot wear the sunglasses protectors and not get your ass beat all the time. You guys know what I'm talking about. Why the [ __ ] bro, why the [ __ ] is the god of cringe blowing up Google Images talk about someone's who's challenged should be erased. This guy's sitting naked in the [ __ ] Google Images I'm, trying to run a show here. He got me the god of cringe. He got you, he [ __ ]. He got boo me. How is he so high in the ranking for daddy of five I? Don't get that anyway? He's back, it came up again and YouTube finally has said daddy a five more like daddy of not having a channel Wow [ __ ], roasted crickets on that one. So I thought we would look back and cherish the moments we had together. So this is from him one of his new channels. Actually I thought you guys might enjoy this once again. Cody is the subject of his ridicule. The title of the video. This is a reupload. Dad, destroys sons, Nintendo, DS and well. I, don't know about you, but that's pretty much the title of a loving family. If I've ever heard long, absolutely only on YouTube, can you enjoy actual child abuse on the many fine tastes available here among many others, this is like an episode of police except nobody's, arresting him by the way and his crime. His crime is that he just keeps taking his dad's D s and playing it. This kid, nothing better to do in his life. What wants to play his dad's D s when he's not using it? [ __, ] piece of [ __ ] that need nerd, needs to go down and guess who's gonna be the one to do it his dad hosted. So this is just the screeching [ __ ] war zone and hundreds of thousands of views. This is good [, __ ]. This is good [ __, ] dan. His wife sounds like the [ __ ] Wicked Witch. By the way I was like, unlike I, mean listen to this piece of work. What are you cooking? Kids she's got a crazy voice. Man I got to tell you if you could make the most white-trash hick ass, hillbilly, [, __, ] and sin. They wouldn't compete with family of five I got guys. Can you imagine your dad screaming at you like that? So you know everyone in his school is watching this dude. Sometimes you got a teacher. Can a lesson. The worst part is like. Oh it's somehow they drunk that he's putting on a good show damn this guy must have the emotional maturity of like a real 12 year. I mean he's bowling. Imagine bowling your own kids like not like being rough with them, or tough with them, actually bullying your own child and then and then sitting down at a computer with that footage, editing and editing it well. Dan I have to tell you you're gonna, appreciate where this goes, because his editing comes into play in a really terrific way. It's an accent. You know. Okay, the best editing is usually invisible. You know this videos is marinated. Finally, all right, someone save this poor child. It looks like a merc. He looks. Oh yeah, you terribly yeah, yeah yeah, yeah II. Imagine that's your dad. I feel like he's putting it on for the video too, but he can't tell the difference the kid. Certainly can't you know no same to them. He's thinking right now. This is good drama again. Some good [, __ ] right now, I've squeezed some good drama out of these kids right now. Teach him a lesson: teach that little piece of [ __, ] nice. You got him good man really good. It gets good. It gets really good. There's a scene I want to find a great scene. He goes to uh the scene where he goes to the garage and starts hitting it with a mallet notice. His brother flank jump kicking him in the head with no intervention from his parents. He goes through the garage with a mallet and starts smashing. It where's that well regardless. This is when it gets really good down. This is what I was referring to I hope you enjoy this editing feat, wow, I, really wonder why so poorly adjusted to the world I! Don't know man I just thought if I had a kid and beat the [ __ ] out of him in Yoda and all the time and destroyed his stuff he'd grow up to be a good kid. I'm gonna work for him right yeah. He died great yeah, okay, he edited and sad [, __, ], music and cherished this when I heard that I was like no [, __ ] way put that in he's a guard away. It's not for him, it's not for Cody it's for the dad. The dad's heart is broken, I see, but watch you'll see he lays it down. Alright, we've seen enough Cody, it's about you know, watch he's suffering being a dad of five is tough. Sometimes you have to discipline your kids for the greater good, because they're liars and they're thief's by no fault of your own life stuff, and you need sad music to help the audience understand how stressful life is and you're gonna act really sad and upset Wow very consciously putting on vlog camera yeah. Thank you make sure the framings nice, let's, let's forget it, was to his selfie camera work. There, though, well here good he's a pro but I, have to say let's. Let's definitely forget that he's holding a vlog camera on one hand pointed at his face while having a breakdown. In the other hand, damn that music is really gut-wrenching and I feel so bad he's so sympathetic, yeah I feel so bad for this daddy-o five he's forlorn, oh, oh, he doesn't care about the camera anymore. How long he's gonna care fade to black? He died. Listen his torture room man! If you thought he's a shitty guy, listen! Where is he I had to do it? It really hurts him and upsets him that he had to do that and you got it anyway. [ __, ], good riddance, you [ __, ], psychopath [, __, ], that guy god damn. This is okay again, this guy's famous on YouTube this guy has made a healthy living on YouTube and I. Get I, don't know what my point is because there's plenty of legit people on YouTube too, but um well in he's gone now. What I don't understand? Why was he a while back, yeah I? Don't know he is it? The family of five channel after being a convicted child neglect er, was allowed to continue. I, don't know, I, don't know, but they just shut it down. Finally, so who knows who knows? I mean I, guess better late than never, but [ __ ] so give it up to daddy of five rest in peace. I fear blip when he loses his livelihood. I fear for what will become of that family speaking frankly. Well, we're at the bottom of the show and I had mentioned at the top of the show that um heelas alou's dealing with some stuff back home and I didn't want to talk about it. Cuz it's really happy, but I do want to talk about it. Right now is that Ella's dad passed away about I guess it was probably like three or four days ago now. So it's great it's so crazy, like she went there for two weeks. She planned to go there for two weeks and when she went there he was it wasn't fine. He was terminally ill, but I mean nobody expected that he was gonna die during her stay there like he. He picked her up from the airport, it's just I, don't know it's been, it's been really a wild ride for her I mean she knew her. Dad was like terminally ill, but like the day she arrived, they were giving him radiation treatment because his lung cancer has spread to his brain and the doctor was like. We really need to kill this tumor with radiation. The chance of success is really high and it takes eight weeks for it to work so they and a week after that, he [ __ ], passed away. It was just so crazy man, like I, don't know, she's been she's, been going through a lot and I do want to say about Ella's. Dad I have talked about him on this podcast a couple of times some wonderful moments, I'll say fondly now, because they were always kind of like not taken very seriously the first great one being that he told me he said ela, don't ever let Ethan come in this house. If he's coming over here with socks and sandals, that was my move back then I was wearing not just like sliders, but flip-flops, the one with the string in the middle, so I was wearing a white sock all the way up and the string like shoving the sock in it was not a good look and frankly, I understand it's embarrassing. This is my son-in-law. I thought it was funny, but he was serious and frankly he's a he's. An old-school guy he's all about respect and integrity, but I didn't wear sandals to house again and frankly, I don't do that anymore, because it is pretty insane way to walk around the world. So I can, if I can in retrospect, appreciate that that was a changing point for me. Straighten you out the next great moment. Jochen on moment was um god, we've told the story, but it's like back in the day when we first started YouTube there was this one. Video called shake that dick and it was so obscene when I can't watch. It's so vulgar and like our videos, weren't particularly vulgar, but this is the one for some reason. The one that he actually saw- and it was a parody of shake that ass and it was the lots of close-ups of me wearing like basketball shorts without underwear shaking my dish was disgusting and obscene and he saw a that's the one he had to see and he says ela. If you guys keep making videos like this I will I'm gonna, disown Ethan from being my son-in-law and once again, I I get it. You know, I, don't know why that had to be the one, but that's the one, but that's he's a guy that was all about he's old school he's all about respect and integrity and upholding the family name, but I have to say he was. He was always good to me. I mean when I when we moved to Israel from America he's like a really old-school dude. He let me move in with them. He had never met me before and he let me come and stay with them and sleep in their house and he always treated me well and he always welcomed me and he fed me, and he gave me a chance to to be there and work there and make it work with ela and he definitely could have been like weird guy coming saying my house I mean that's. That was a huge stretch for him, but it definitely me definitely gave us a chance that that made it all work, but it's for it. There was something that ela told me that was like really I guess heartbreaking in a way, not really, but nice is that you know he from that moment where he was like Warsaw shake that dick at the funeral, ever all of his friends and family, were telling yo that he was yeah. He was telling all of the friends and family how proud he was of her and us in particular, of what we we had accomplished since then, and they were saying like he was always bragging about you, guys, sharing your videos on Facebook, talking about you and with everybody, and we unfriended him after the the shake that dick thing, because we're like all right, we can't you can't be seeing these well, we didn't even know every time we posted a podcast or video or a post or whatever he was really was sharing it on his own Facebook page to his family, his all school, traditional conservative family. This was like the last picture. They took to get together like right when you went in the hospital was like a week left and he's got a big-ass [ __ ] smile on his face and he's rocking that Teddy fresh and he's basically one week from death, I mean he's in pain all the time and like I, don't know just the fact that he mustered that big smile for EULA rocking that Teddy fresh I mean he was. He was a great one. He was a true supporter and he really enabled us to to thrive and succeed in Israel I know, I got thinking about like I've, been thinking a lot about just this whole concept of like saying goodbye. It's like we're. Always it's like it's so hard like we're, not ready we're not trained at all, like we don't ever think about death or like how to say goodbye to loved ones or even for us to say goodbye. We don't confront death, it's always like swept under the rug and my bandmate and my really good friend, Isaac's mom also passed away suddenly earlier this year, so we made a little song that we dedicated to Ella's dad and Isaac's mom. So that's the end of the show. I hope you guys enjoy the song thanks for watching [Music], everyone can say hello. Everyone knows I, say hello to leave you ways to say goodbye. I'll see you on the other side, everybody know [Music] the place, we're all bound to go. Nobody knows, nobody knows [Music] to say goodbye. I'll see you on the other side. Everybody know everyone knows today is just a day buried in the blanket of time. He taught me how to say hello. Didn't teach me how to say good. Goodbye is just a pile of stone. I walk along a row of stone. Everyone knows the row of star to see you and to say goodbye laid across the moon. That side. Everybody know, I, see you when I close my eyes. Nobody knows nobody know when the dream will fade away. I walk along the roads, you think everybody everyone knows today is just a day buried in the blanket of time. You taught me how to say hello. They teach me how to say goodbyes, just a pile of stone, goodbye, just a pile of star [Music], you you.