[Music] welcome everybody to the h3 podcast gazebo experience guys. Would you take a minute- and please join me under the gazebo of course, referencing to our new h3 video, that I hope everyone enjoyed the catfish Mayo kit? God bless you all. Thank you to today. Our sponsors are Robin, Hood, expressvpn and honey and I. Thank you all for joining us on this beautiful splendid, blessed Friday. We are truly blessed being going a Friday together. God, you know, I saw one time. I was at a store and someone and they'll check out lady. She says to me, have a blessed day on all things: I, don't believe in God, but I. Just love that have a blessed day like damn like good day, know blessed. That's pretty nice I was touched like the idea that God and all of his infinite power and wisdom was like this day's a blessed for you for you, and only you I, love that not only you we're all blessed to having fun I, just love it so I have a blessed Friday everyone. We got a lot to talk about we're talking about better help. A lot of controversy there we are talking about there's been a story that lacroix popular Sodapop drink, which of which I am a big fan, is being sued for putting cockroach poison and their drinks sounds a little far-fetched horrible, but is it let's find out we're gonna take a deep dive. We've also got up. Kanye West, the great Kanye West had a meeting with Donald Trump. That has got a lot of people talking and so much more today on the join me under the gazebo. Would you please experience so, let's start with, let's start from the top you're better help. Okay, now better help, I think that there's a lot of misconceptions going around yeah I'm, not we're gonna, take a deep dive, know that wasn't going the whole time. Was it no, no I'm not used that my laptop is also right. That's right! Okay, all right! Where was it you know? Can you join me into the better help? There's been a lot of misconception about I'm talking about my involvement with better hub? Okay, let me start from the top better help is an online therapy service, okay, which they've sponsored one of our podcast episodes a couple of months ago, mm-hmm. Okay, now a lot of youtubers have been getting criticized lately for having put better help reads on their videos, about mental health, about them being depressed and such and a lot of people have been accusing them of being predatory because they're, like oh I'm, so depressed and here's better help, they're, accusing them of exaggerating their depression, to sell better help or to get a better help. Sponsor I, don't know, and then people started going through their Terms of Service and found some concerning things there as well in the Terms of Service. There was something III, don't remember exactly. There was something like they can't guarantee that something. Your conversation private stuff like that, like, like you, know, weird stuff and so first of all, I want to make clear. Okay. First of all, we had one sponsor with better help. That was two months ago and the topic of mental health was not brought up in association with our read at all yeah and to the best of my recollection, I. Don't think that we even talked about it in that episode and it predated our update video when I talked about being depressed by month a month at least okay, but here's where I think people got thrown off because PewDiePie made a new video about it and he goes through the Terms of Service and he points out a lot of questionable things which is fine and he doesn't like the service, and he raises good points about it, but the way that he presented my involvement in it I thought was a little misleading and a little out of context, and it made it look like I was way more involved with this company than I was or even that it made it. Look like I used, my being depressed, yeah -, somehow sell better help, so I want to show you guys if I could please exhibit a this is PewDiePie's video. Let me go back a little bit, so let's watch this so he goes on here. He's talking about a manor house. I was just joking by the way guys everyone is a sociopath enter the code Shan for your cheaper online therapy. Today, I would never have guessed it will. Actually. This was the case, so this leads to a lot of the sponsored videos of these hundred hundred of youtubers being about mental health, which could actually be a good thing, but they are made so that people sign up for the website. I'm Scott, it's Scott for depression to expression, so he's saying: there's all these youtubers that are promoting better help on videos about depression. He has a problem with that. He doesn't think that that's ethical, so here's here's what he shows here if you're looking for anything to miss out on don't miss out on this, welcome to expression, whoa I, actually messed up there and completely serious before we start I have so much respect for each and every one of you for watching and being. Why do you ask for my payment information? Now? Okay, as we know, I've been in therapy, I've been just dealing with a lot of stuff that I need to deal with and I feel good. Anyways I feel good. That's what is that? Probably about so you can access professional, affordable anchor me and counseling I just hit a wall where it was. It was gotten so bad that it was basically either stop making videos or disappear. Also, this video is sponsored by better help more action about that. So the way it's cut makes it look like my video. My update, video was sponsored by better health yeah. Exactly and I saw what I felt when I saw it. -, yeah and I thought it was I was like whoa like. Why would that be there yeah like that, gives totally the wrong impression, because I've never talked about better help and depression ever that's. When I did the sponsor read two months ago, I didn't even endorse the product, because I have never used the service. We checked it to make sure we checked it to make sure that within 24 hours of therapists contacted us and they did so. We did some due diligence in that regard to test out the service, but I never endorsed it. I never said that I used it to treat my depression either, but it seemed. But at any rate, let me let me say, focus on this. That seems like the only reasonable conclusion to make. Is that he's calling me out, which is I thought I was like dude. What the hell and I was I was pretty upset with him and I contact him directly and I was like hey man. What why what's the deal- and he says he didn't- he didn't mean to make it look that way, and he made a comment trying to clarify, but people that read the comments compared to people to watch. The video is very small okay. So what happened here is that Bobby burns. This youtuber here made a video about depression, that's sponsored by better help and he uses my clip in it talking about depression. So here let me show you this any more videos I just hit a wall work. It was. It was gotten so bad that it was basically either stop making videos or disappear forever. So today's video is going to be about YouTube happiness, but before we get started, make sure you click that notification bell lets. You know whenever I upload new videos. Also, this video is sponsored by though you'll notice that it's from Bobby's video, but he cut out the context to understand either way cuz the part in PewDiePie his video yeah. Let me go back. It's just kind of like a supercut of examples of people like it doesn't really inform the butt line so affordable ank. You me and counseling I just hit a wall I think he did it on my. He didn't do it on purpose, but then I just want to clarify yeah. You know because it makes it to us. It did make a difference to make a connection between being depressed and then from that company yeah. We didn't want to do that. It's my personal choice that we made so that it was kind and so and I think that people who is the biggest youtuber in the world talking about those people, take it seriously and it looks like it. I mean that's how I interpreted I could be wrong. I talked to a lot of other people that saw it that way too, and it just seems like, but you can see basically either so that don't work better help more information about that. At the end of this video, though again- and he goes on to to criticize criticize a lot of youtubers- he also doesn't really criticize them harshly- is more criticizing the service of better help names. He names a lot of people and he shows a lot of faces of people, and you know when you're PewDiePie. The effect of that is that yeah he was, he was very. He was very tempered in his criticism. He wasn't like coming out. No, you know he was being very. He was being very rational and fair about it. I mean I'm, not Sarah, but again I just want to clear that up that that video was not in any way sponsored by better we've only worked with them once so. Okay, but regardless of that I think it's pretty weird that Bobbi used that clip anyway, because I keep seeing that clip going around of Bobbi using my clip talking about depression, but there's not a clear separation, so people think that I, that's not the case. So let me just see here we go so in response to the criticism so I, first of all, I just want to make that clear. Okay, now in response to dirt I, think that there was some implication that anyone that works with better help is negligent, a shill or irresponsible or somehow selling out their fans, and even though I never mentioned depression, and my Reid I do disagree with that assertion. I do personally disagree with that assertion. Now. Let me talk about this I'm, not sure what first of all I'm, not sure what I could do to vet them. More than I did I mean in a in a perfect world. I like the service. It seems interesting, and it seems like would be useful for a lot of people. Mm-Hmm like on face value, seems like a cool service, they're owned by a publicly traded company and they're one of the most widely advertised services on the internet across television, radio, podcasting and YouTube. So, with all the information available, it's a perfectly rational decision to think that it's a good useful service and something that's that's a good good to promote and I mean again, these guys are going through the Terms of Service and picking it apart and there's weird questionable stuff in there. But I don't think like this. It's a it's a weird standard to make that you want the slip, the expectation that anyone you ever work with you're reading, the entire 20 page legal document of the Terms of Service, like I, don't think anyone very few people in the history of YouTube have ever read the Terms of Service and I'm willing to bet that if they did read the Terms of Service, they wouldn't want to work with them, because Terms of Service is written to remove liability. So it always sounds bad terminal. Service. Is meant to sound bad and scary they're literally, the purpose is to remove liability so to expect YouTube I, don't I think that's a slippery slope if you are expecting everyone to read the Terms of Service or every partner they've ever worked with them on on face value, it's as reputable as it as a partner, as you can have yeah we've had some offers for responses that we decline. That happens, but someone like better helps like past. All the questions that you would normally ask you know is: they do have good reviews online when we looked up yeah, of course. No they and and look people can promote. People decide how they want to promote different products. I personally wasn't comfortable promoting it in terms of me being depressed and I wasn't personally comfortable, saying: I've used the service when I haven't, but it seemed good and it seemed like it'd be useful and helpful, so I promoted it as such. Now I think people are just a little too quick to throw others under the bus and be way overly cynical about this. Okay, I understand that it can seem in poor taste to promote better help in a video about being depressed which I didn't do for the record and I have never done, but from the flip side. Think about it from their perspective, someone like like boogie, Philip, DeFranco, Bobby, burns I, don't know Shane well, everyone think of it from their side. Instead of being so cynical and thinking that it's a celebrity skin to them, it's a win-win. It's like! Oh, this app is gonna help people. It seems like a good service and my videos promoted yeah. It's like you know, be optimistic about it and it feels like a win-win. I mean that's how sponsors Jam YouTube have always worked like content. Like sponsors have video game content. You have a video game sponsorship on it. If you make car content or tech content, you have technology or a car like like content like sponsors, that's how it works. So it's easy to see where people have come from thinking that it's okay to pair those up, it seems like a win-win and so I completely understand where they're coming from and I think. Once again, people are thinking about it backwards, I think what has been happening is that better help, because there's been this implication that people have exaggerated being depressed to sell better help, as that is a very sad way to be really shitty. That would be very shitty and the people that I've seen being called out are people that I know have had a history with mental health issues and so I think it's kind of ironic to like real and dogpile on these people. You know I think what I think you guys have it backwards. The people who are being overly cynical people who have spoken about mental health issues are the people that are being approached by better health right. So it's not doesn't start from wanting to sell better help. It starts from having these issues and then better help comes in because they see an opportunity. Yeah I think that's how these partnerships have happened, and then finally, I've heard this argument that it's unethical for youtubers to even make money from promoting service about mental health. That I heard that it's unethical to take money for that. It should be done for free, even and I well, who benefits from doing it for free, better help. What you're, gonna do free copy reads: we're better out there business. You know the capitalist society, that's the way the world turns I mean saying it's illogical for youtuber or immoral for youtuber. To collect money to promote better help is equal is is similar to saying it. Is it immoral for a doctor or a therapist or nurse to get paid for their work because it benefits people I mean this is a capitalist society we this is how at what point, what where does red line at what point? Does it become immoral right? There's therapists, the charge $50 an hour, $200 an hour $500 an hour at what point? Does it become immoral for therapists to charge 50 large, now or $500 an hour their service not valuable? Is that not the capital is, is not a commodity I mean you know what I'm saying if they're better at it, do they not deserve to get paid more, so this blanket statement that it's somehow immoral to sponsor online therapy strikes me as an odd one and not one that makes much sense, especially could sitting here in the United States our hospitals, our doctors, everything cancer treatment for chrissake is heavily monetized, yeah and I personally find that to be disgraceful, but are we saying that they shouldn't get paid at all they should they volunteer? I mean it's a it's an argument that doesn't make much sense to me and it falls apart in my mind when you to break it down. It's a nice. It's a nice stop, but it doesn't really make that much sense. Now, once again, I want to acknowledge this. Is somebody I worked with one time months ago and I never promoted them in context of being depressed and I never said that I used their service to treat my depression I'm, not a doctor I'm, not journalists, I'm, not a lawyer. This is my opinion, feel free to disagree, but I've been watching this kind of devolve and I think that people are being way overly cynical about this, and it's just another example of like I. Don't know it just feels like one of these things that just making YouTube even more toxic mm-hmm, like even more distrustful of people and even more cynical of each other and the people and I just don't know why and and I I don't know, I just didn't feel it just doesn't feel right. This whole thing and sure some people are being opportunistic, probably some, but that's always gonna happen. Yeah I, don't know someone now, there's there's been a lot of controversy about Philip DeFranco because he was apparently sponsored with them and dunno I, don't know anything about what Philip defranco's up to not commenting at all about that and I know like he had been connected somehow with Shane's, better help. Sponsorship he's not connected to us at all. Ours came through an agency, and let me say this by the way when you work with sponsors, we work with a lot of sponsors here on the podcast. They come through agencies that vet them I check for their credibility, to collect payments and make sure they're, legit, okay, because obviously yeah. So obviously we as business owners and as entertainers are not going to read the Terms of Service of all of our partners. That's insane! Nobody has time for that. So we entrust our agency to to verify the legitimacy of these companies and I, don't think they failed. In this case, I mean we think about it too. I don't just pass the buck completely. Them I make a conscious decision to work with someone or not, but in this case I, don't regret. I I mean like yeah, there's some questionable things in terms of service, but let me say this with the information I had at the time: I made the right decision, and, and and that's it you know, I think if you want to criticize the company, that's one thing and that's totally fine but yeah to come at youtubers who have worked with them seems overly cynical and toxic, and it's just not now I, don't know, she's, not necessary, I, don't know, and you guys another crutch of this argument is the implication that people don't there's so many sponsors available on YouTube. Now you don't have to act, the press to get a sponsor on YouTube mm-hmm, you really don't I mean I, don't know it just it make it I, don't know. If that whole thing just made me feel really sad. I felt really bad honestly. When I saw Felix's, video and kind of the way it was portrayed. I'm not gonna lie I felt it felt really awful and I know we didn't mean to do it, but, like I, didn't want people to think I know. A lot of people were getting the wrong and I felt bad for all the other people he named to because it's like these are people that already have been dealing with stuff, and it's like it's like man, I, don't know just overly cynical and again, I chose not to talk about my depression. People make decisions, I didn't want to do that. But that's just my opinion. You can feel free to disagree with me and that's fine. Okay, we can have dissenting opinions, you don't have to come. [, __, ] murder, my family and [ __ ] down my throat because I happen to have my own opinion about this. I think YouTube's gotten way too [, __, ] toxic way, too overly cynical and when you start throwing good, honest youtubers under the bus that I think they're I think we need to reel it back a little bit. You know, there's some! It's like I'm, not saying that people shouldn't be criticized mm-hmm, but it's like I, don't know just just felt bad. The whole thing felt bad. So that's that's! That's my take and I hope that you won't come to my house. After am attempt to murder me over is dissenting opinion, because it's not that serious after all and if you and if you are thinking that you may consider it coming on over matter, help calm / 83 talking to their therapist [Laughter], okay, I think I handled that okay I didn't get too upset right, no I know I'm not trying to throw shade at anyone. I'm not trying to be controversial. I'm not trying to stir the pot I'm tired of feeling, like everyone is out to get everyone look and it might feel ironic coming from now. Okay, let me acknowledge that I know somebody who said who's notorious for you know making fun of people online yeah, but hey that's just my [ __ ] opinion. Okay on this topic, specifically all right, also well, whatever I think I put that that that the rest we've got Lacroix, you guys have all heard we're almost to a break, but let me set this up and then we'll go to a break Lucroy. The Saudi pop of choice crack open a fresh one. Cheers now a lot of you probably heard this headline that Lacroix is being sued for putting unnatural chemicals in its drink. Yes, zip it up, EULA limonene. How do you say that limo 9 limo Nene limo Nene, it's a chemical that is also inside cockroach insecticide now this is a heavy rose that has been widely seen around social media. Your car crash people have been texting me Chris, D'elia texted me he's like dude what the [ __ ], because we're both a little crow boy, I, don't even drink water anymore, my look, but seriously, not a joke. Don't drink water, you [ __, ], that peasant juice waters called present use. Now this is cockerel. Well is it you know when the Lacroix came out, it was a high. It was a top-shelf beverage. I remember it was really expensive, but now they saw like what happened. It's all on sale all the time. Always it's like three bucks for a 12 pack or something yeah, dude [, __, ], brutal man they're competing with water. You believe that so anyway, listen to me it sounded far-fetched yeah. So I wanted to take a deep dive. What's that steak? Who are the players who benefits the most from this, and is it true, the Conqueror, the lich, the Lacroix controversy, Lacroix gate stay tuned after this break. We will dive right into that here on the h3 podcast gazebo experience join me under the gazebo. Won't you please, Robin Hood is an investing app that lets you buy and sell stocks, ETFs options and cryptos. Here's the catch, my dudes and this what's makes it Robin Hood, no Commission, that's right! Zero! Many of these training apps are going to charge you dollars per trade. Robin Hood Kobe is Robin the hood for the hood. You feel me they strive to make financial services work for everyone, and not just the wealthy Dan uses this app. He loves it. He swears by it. I, don't trade I, don't know anything about trading, but from what he says. It's simple to use. It has built-in explanations- and it's a great place- to learn how to trade that stuff's, complicated, I'm intimidated, but Robin Hood seems to make it easy, intuitive fun, learning experience and again no Commission on those trades. Folks, it's easy as that Robin Hood platform lets you view stock collections. You can view most popular and sectors as entertainment, social media can curated categories like female CEOs I'm investing in those across the board, I'm already invested in one and analyst ratings up by hotel for every stock, learn by doing you're, going to learn how to fest and build your portfolio on Robinhood they've got all the tools, all the trades, making all the moves. It's everybody's invested in stock, I'm I'm, the odd man out I'm back here. The other day with, like all of our employees, were here from Teddy, fresh and h3, and everybody's dabbling in stock I was like yeah I've got to get on that Robin Hood is the place to do it now. Here's what's awesome: Robin Hood is giving our listeners a furries out, tore it down even giving our listeners a free stock like Apple, 4 or sprint to help you build your portfolio for for signups, go to h3 podcasts dot, ravine hood calm and get a random free stock. Dial is freaking cool, so head on over to issue a podcast on Robin, Hood, calm and start trading to day my dudes. Listen with all the recent news about online security breaches. It's hard not to worry about where my data goes. Everybody's leaking my data, my passwords, my credit cards, my social security number, it's everywhere and guess what I don't need it leaking anymore, making all I purchase or simply email put your private information at risk. Try accessing a non secured network, maybe at the airport boom guess who's got your credit card information, [, __, ], some random dude in India. You want that guy having it no okay! Now here's the deal! That's why I decided to take back my privacy and start using it's the first weird, first VPN as easy as apps that run seamlessly. In the background of my computer phone or tablet turn on expressvpn, it protection only takes one click, access, VPN, secures and anonymizes your internet browser by crippling your data and hiding your public IP address, protect yourself with expressvpn. It costs less than seven dollars a month. I'll tell you what cost more than seven dollars a month trying to get back your stolen identity. You got duck to Lord you're gonna talk to government agencies. Gonna take a lot more time to money that seven dollars a month to get your effing credit card information back. Your social security number fixed seven dollars a month is a is a walk in the park, protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three months: free and expressvpn dot-com / a tree. That's exp, ress VPN, cough /, h, 3, 4, 3 months, free with a one-year package visit, expressvpn, dot-com, / HP to learn more and keep your credit card hands out of weird Indian. Dudes do want to steal your credit card, not that only Indians would, but that's just in my mind. I! Imagine that's where they are. My opinions are not endorsed by expressvpn [Laughter]. Imagine your old coupon clipping grandpa. You can shrink down and put it in your computer and use as a plugin on your browser all the time. That's what honey is when you think honey. Think grandpa clipping coupons all the time for you on the Internet. Here's! What honey? Does you install it? It's a plugin when you shop online, pretty much everywhere, I'm talking Amazon I'm, talking Evie I'm, talking, Walmart, Macy's, dominoes dominoes. You can get Pizza coupons. They are scanning the web for the most active, up-to-date, best coupons available so that when you're at checkout honey's like I, got you dog or well. Your grandpa wouldn't say that what would your grandpa say? Sorry I got a coupon for that study. That's what honey says: I got a coupon for that Sonny, that's what honey says and they come at the last minute at checkout, like the Americans arriving World War, two boom last minute, coupon on the desk. Look at this. We once bought Jack some blankets, I saved literally $360 from Macy's Oh. What that's? What honey does boom I got you Sonny! That's what your grandpa says is he's coupon clipping coupons all night by the fireplace that's what honey does for you, I'm telling you try it out. It's free. It's a risk free, it's just a Chrome extension. It takes just two clicks to install, give it a shot for a week and see if you don't love it. Apparently what did they say that it saved our it saved our our audience, hundreds of thousands of dollars who have already used this Lake. It's got five stars, a hundred thousand five star reviews and ten million members are you freaking kidding me, never overpay, again with honey. So let them know who sent you go to get a go to join honey, calm, slash, h3, that's, join honey, dot-com, slash, h3! Welcome back my little gazebos before we get into is Lacroix poison, I want to say new h3h3 video out, which was a lot of fun. Honestly yeah I have got to say I really what this one I took. My time and I enjoyed the process. I took all the time I needed. We worked on it for like two weeks and I would just sit down and edit and enjoy the experience and the sketch and everything so I think that I really enjoyed and the reception was amazing. I mean everyone was really happy about it. I gotta, say I didn't, think I, don't think I saw one complaint actually have a collection of them for you. If you want me to read this on, but you know I'm just no complaint, it felt good I. Think me and HeLa realized I. Think recently we call our friends gauzy boys, the gazebos I, like that. Are you a gazebo z-boys? Maybe we should name our child gazebo? That's a good luck, gender-neutral name! Gazebo I should give birth under a gazebo. You know how people have all this weird like water pool, yeah a gazebo birth birth, it's beautiful! Thank you I feel, like I've, seen some people, echoing the sediment that I I have spoken a lot of times that I don't want to be making videos like that, but I feel like recently me. I have always wanted to go back to making videos like that mm-hmm and, just until recently, like we weren't there mentally yeah yeah, that's what I mean that's what it was really yeah. It's just that I I literally couldn't I, don't know what it was, but recently we really felt like we wanted to try and go back to making like high quality. In fact, they can't break for, like we didn't make videos for like three months, it kind of started to crave the feeling of like being creative and something yeah. That's what it was born from that we really wanted to say. Okay, let's make the vet the best video. We can not cut any corners, there's no deadline, mm-hmm, and so that's what we did and- and it was fun it was great I loved everything yeah, so hopefully more to come so anyway. I'm glad you guys enjoyed thanks for all the wonderful comments and support tomorrow and Los Angeles for all of our la-based gazebos. Where what what time is it now you're surprising? Well, you can just google rip and it right Oh Thor, but what time is it at 11:00 hold all right? Well, ela. Does that check out this new teddy fresh? What do you call this tracksuit warmer? It's a tracksuit tracksuit! That's coming out this winter! Look at this fresh, [, __ ] the fit is insane. The comfort level is spicy hot, it's breathable dude! This thing is insane. This is so comfortable. I mean it was my goal for a long time to make a trex Teddy fresh watch out watch out haters, because Teddy fresh is coming hard. So it's at 11:00 a.m. tomorrow tomorrow at 11:00 a.m. at rip and dip stores next to the supreme store, and is it Hollywood and Fairfax Avenue Fairfax, so we'll be there for about an hour, yeah or two I know got the new rippin dip collection, collab coming out very excited about, so see you guys there and let's do it is Lacroix poison. That is the question we are looking to resolve today. Who are the players at work? Who benefits from this before we get into this Lacroix boy under the gazebo, a story and I'd like to say cheers to everybody and the boys and back to enjoy everyone crack open your Lacroix and have a nice refreshing sip of all natural essence, soda pop, so a new lawsuit alleges that Lacroix is not all-natural and the chemical limonene in Lacroix is also in cockroach insecticide. Now one thing that I thought. First of all, when I heard that is just because it's toxic to cockroaches doesn't necessarily mean anything. You hear [ __ ], like that, all the time like our neighbors have vet, he says chewing gum, artificial, sweetening chewing gum is deadly poisonous to dogs yeah, just because it's toxic to cockroach doesn't like. That seems like an effort to scare like if it's dangerous to humans say that mm-hmm, it's dangerous, the cockroach cockroaches are gross and I have a gross mental image of cockroaches, but it doesn't necessarily mean anything besides that, so that seems kind of manipulative Hedlund. So at first some thing what's going on here, you know: is this really about the ingredients or something else at play? Mm-Hmm, so, let's actually break down these claims from the lawsuit who are making these claims all right. Let's start with the chemical li mo Nene am I, saying that right or might just sound like ooh yeah. How could I it cannot be called Li mo Nene. Then somebody's Christ's sake help me I'll check li mo Nene I'm 1 9, o ly mo 9. That's gotta, be it that sounds way more. Intelligent I'm, not American, I'm, so bad at pronounciating things. It's like ridiculous, Alaimo, 9 I think it's Lyme, o 9. Damn you killed it. You just read it like someone from outside of the US. Well, I'm, sorry, you know my brain is [ __ ] up so pubchem. The National Institutes of Health, open database for chemical compounds explicitly calls lime, o 9 a naturally occurring chemical and a major component of oil extraction from citrus peels. So sounds pretty natural right, as the name suggests, Lamoni n-- is commonly used to give food or other products a lemony, flavor and fragrance. So it is a naturally occurring compound that comes off of lemons, so limonene lime, Oh need them crushed your [ __ ], Spelling, Bee champ. So how about the claims that it causes kidney toxicity and cancer while the same company pubchem, also states? There is inadequate evidence in humans for the carcinogenic properties of Lamoni n--. There are some evidence of male rats experiencing problems, including tumors as a consequence of Lamoni exposure, but none of those findings have been properly reproduced in humans. Meanwhile, more recent studies suggest that Lamoni n-- is actually anti-cancer. What it's lemon I mean it's a naturally-occurring lemon. Now, how did this company come to claim that it's even unnatural, because I was reading that the FDA, because everything that FDA does is so nebulous and undefined defines for whatever reason, Lamoni n-- as an artificial flavor mmm-hmm, but according to this magazine and I, don't know what the reason is for that. Is it a naturally occurring chemical that comes from lemon? Okay? Now the other chemical that's being accused of being toxic? Is the lena liu? I? Why can I not? You know Lou it's about Li, Na lol. That's a goofy S word lena Lou as another additive used as a flavoring agent. It's naturally occurring found within many types of flowers, spice plants, including the nice yeah. It includes mint, scented herbs, laurels and cinnamon. It is most definitely used an insecticide as well. That part is true, but that doesn't mean it's poisonous to humans. After all, as I pointed out, dogs can't eat chocolate, yet I eat 20 bars a day. Explain that you can't the only real toxic effects of lino Lou has been documented to inflict on humans is mild skin and eye irritation, namely from air saw from air forms of the chemical being squirted in your eyes for take a lemon squirt it in your eyes. Oh I'm gonna sue the lemon people. No, that's not how it works. Folks, also, coincidentally, research suggests that it may be an anti-cancer ingredient that leaves only Lionel prop property. Lionel propionate prop problem unit propionate. What back in fifth grade trying to read again read to the class Ethan? Can you read it look around the class and say: oh, my god, I can see it after these words that leaves Lionel propionate derived from plants like ginger and lavender, and another common flavoring and fragrance added has been shown to help inhibit the proliferation of prostate cancer I'm, going to shove. Those right above my ass, at least in the form of Nagas me kumquats [Music]. So there you go so unless Lacroix is secretly including 50% of the beverage as Lionel, then drinkers don't have anything to fear because it's not even anywhere close to being harmful. These are all naturally occurring flavors and by the way, these are all flavors that many companies use and many of their products to flavor their beverages. I mean it makes it act like Lacroix is out there just pouring yeah, [, __, ], crows insecticide for no reason: they're like I'm gonna, save 50 cents and pour some poisonous. No. This is a widely used, flavoring agent. That seems by all count to be natural. After all, so, what's going on here, what is going on? What is going on? Let me say this: even water is toxic. When you consume too much, you can actually get water poisoning. Okay, not some incredible suit of water, I'm suing big water. Now, as somebody who's been on the receiving and of bogus lawsuits this place, this lawsuit stinks to high hat okay. Now my theory, big soda, is behind it and I that might sound like a joke but think about it. The company Lacroix dominates dominates the market. If you go to any grocery store, any convenience store gets what's on the shelf and guess what people want Lacroix every time, Lacroix ela, please, let's not get into that! Now, that's a whole nother heated debate. Look they got a great marketing I, don't know what I don't know how, but they dominate like I've I mean I've slammed Lacroix previously I'm apart guys, look like these [ __ ] act like they invented soda water, but here I am drinking it every episode. So, what's going on now at the same time as Lacroix is killing it and I'm talking about eight hundred and twenty seven million dollars in sales last year, guess what's simultaneously declining hugely in sales, soda bombs, sugary drinks as people realize that consuming 50 grams of sugar is poison and not Lionel or whatever. How about 50 grams of sugar? Can we sue coca-cola for giving me diabetes, I'd like to maybe I will so here we have Lacroix dominating the market, big soda falling down what's happening now, the these big boys are losing market share to Lacroix and their soda water brands are are getting smashed they're dominating the market and these big soda companies they they need to get in because their business is suffering. So to me from the outside, it seems like a total hit job of misinformation and the lawsuit is gonna get thrown out. You can trust me on that, but the damage has already been done. Their friend because you hear it on the news. I see it on social media, I see it everywhere. You really once and it's stuck in your head. I know and I know. It's [, __ ] up is that nobody goes. Nobody goes, oh that weird, and that doesn't make that much sense. They say they go. What there's poison in Lacroix we're all [ __ ] gonna die we drink Lacroix and they have successfully tarnish the reputation of this pristine, beautifully branded and naturally flavored soda pop, and and that's it that's the beauty of this lawsuit. It's totally bogus it's gonna get thrown out and they have tarnished the reputation and everybody's been taking the bait. And meanwhile mr. coca-cola has got his feet up and he's drinking a look Roy because he knows it's a superior beverage, but meanwhile he's peddling his [ __ ], nasty coca-cola [, __ ], so I say to all of our listeners. All the gazebos out there crack open a little Croix, have a sip enjoy yourself and know that you are enjoying an all-natural sugar-free beverage and you are. You are Lacroix boy, your gazebo boy, you are my boy, so have a sip and enjoy cheers everybody Cheers ela, you really that's all loud set music I tried on purpose mm-hmm. So that's it nice to the bunked. Two big topics: there's 60 minutes- this is 60 minutes gone gate. I was working on my Alex Jones impression. I thought was pretty good I did it during love like the copy reads, but we caught it, but I kind of want to do it. Now. Kanye Kanye gave Trump make America great hat during his White House visit. It really hurts my throat. It's pretty good I need to figure out how to do it, where it doesn't irritate. My throat, yeah Kanye, gave Trump a make America great hat during the White House visit purple hat. You guys heard about all this Kanye West's madness, okay. So let's talk about Kanye, West, no yeah, so Kanye met Trump and we're gonna talk about that. But before we do in our intern who's, a super fan of Kanye West, as you all know, had some suggestions for Kanye West in our last week. In our previous episode, he had suggested that he make the Hat purple, which would symbolize the joining of the Democrats and the Republicans exactly red and blue, makes purple tears here is Kanye in a purple hat not evident to much honestly. We had thought that it said make America great. You can't really read it. It doesn't say that, though not interesting. What does it say showing up in a purple hat, it says, exposed world says Ian, because he knows those world no but um what he did and then his other suggestion hearing suggestion was: don't wear hat that says, make America great again, wear hat that says, make America great yeah and what happens later on that day, my friends well I can't open it's behind that picture. It is, you know, make America great. This is I'm telling now people have suspected that Kanye lurks the the reddit of Kanye on reddit and the clip the highlight of Ian talking about it was on that subreddit. So there is a chance. I swear to you now that Kanye West saw Ian suggestion and if he comes out with the purple, make America great hat, which is a great idea and I hope he does the world. Oh my god, that is gonna, be amazing. How do you? How did you feel in seeing this I saw you you seem pretty excited? Do you think that he saw your presentation, I'm gonna tell myself that yeah mm-hmm I hope you did. Do you think there's a chance, though, or do you think I mean like I'm, not gonna fully commit cuz, it's not purple. If it was purple ago he 90 percent yeah, but well, based on a percentage out of a hundred. What did the chances? You think you saw that your presentation, the clip, got a lot of views that was six days ago before he did that it's interesting timing, yeah and this spread- looks like a shitty one, not like the design one. He pooped it out real fast yeah. You could just buy a red hat and do embroidery and give me a percentage. Wow. That's got to make you feel amazing. Oh yeah, he better send me a hat. That's the least he could do [, __ ] us up, Wow I hope he takes. Would you wear it in if it was purple and said, make America great? What if it wasn't? What if it's red he's like no I, won't wear I, don't know kind of heat of the street. I wouldn't wear it. If it was red know if it was purple, I feel like I kind of have to yeah you do you what [ __ ] you can yeah I love that you wouldn't worry. You wouldn't wear it well anyway. So there's that, and so we all congratulate in he's really growing up we're all very proud of him. We're all very proud of an intern. He's really flourished. He's burped he's turned it to Kanye's personal advisor he's really just coming to his own. So I wanted to thank you to end the intern he's great and when we first saw that purple hat there was that moment where we thought that was it yeah that was 50%, though down I mean that's nothing to be scoff. Yeah no I mean I, think he's probably right, I mean from what I understand yeah. He legitimately is like he's a lurker he's on the culling, a fan for how many points did it have on the reddit uh Ian? Well, I wasn't on the read. It was on the Kanye fan site, oh man, forum, and how was it will received? People were on board I. Remember acting everyone to [ __ ] on me. Yeah, don't be scared, interesting yeah! Well, he got maybe not him personally, but you know I bet some of his handlers probably do check out. You know all right. Let's just let's go with that Wow! That's it! That's really exciting! Well, did you out your username? Then? If you posted or one time when I was posted, yeah he's still clearly right now, you're lurking under condom, you didn't post it did you in he's denying [ __ ], it was definitely y'all, know, is account out, but anyway, so Kanye met with Trump and there's a lot of blowback, as you can expect, but I'm here to focus on the funny the whimsical, the comedic there's one great moment you can see Kanye's password on his phone, I came and I was like Ian, what's funniest password and he's like just zeros as I come in he's like five, you said five him, but I guess he's revise his this whole thing going on one of his legendary I airplane, the I airplane. We have a picture that but Trump very interesting Kanye's just going off for like 20 minutes and dominating the conversation and I find it just so interesting that how do I get that angle back this angle here he doesn't really look at Trump when he's talking and Trump's face is just sitting there. Kind of embracing I got this angles, all isn't the one I wanted for Christ's sake. What else pick it up? Kanye is a smart as Tesla and Freud began can decode this, but put that a fleece in the Indiana, and he he looked at my friend, he's below freezing mark I'm gonna go ahead, drop some bombs for the 98 percentile IQ test I have a 75 percentile of all human beings, but it was counting eight numbers backwards. Authors ravine, so we're going to work on that one, the other ones, nine Tesla Freud. You know so that I guess he's trying to say he's very intelligent, am I correct in that and he's definitely coming across that way in your, not commenting, I think he's parsing his words, but he's got the whole forum. Listening on everybody, things got so complicated for Union. You know what I'm saying like you can't just take talk his opinion anymore. He's a leader he's a thought leader on anybody's PR. The influencer I know he needs a PR. I know can't have the he's got a reputation now he doesn't have some [ __ ] username he's face. They know who he is. He has a reputation if he says the wrong thing. This go all the mobs coming yeah. This was beyond username. This is real [ __ ]. Well Ian. Can you at least confirm he's trying to say that he is intelligent, yeah, that's the general idea. Yeah I mean Nate's once again, like the power point, where I showed all the people he can compare them. Smell surprises, yeah and Tesla. Wasn't in there and and who was the the Disney character? Oh that's vanellope von schweetz, yeah von schweetz. He should have said I'm like work on it he's doing the math anyway boy. You know so you know said that his moment you know I'm saying like but anyway. So that was so. That was interesting and then there was the one I guess the one that really pissed people off was that he hugged Trump. At the end we saw this. Don't are there's more oh God. He showed him a picture that what is this? Even in hell, yeah and decode? It's not his design. He took it from someone who did it as their University thesis hmm a few years ago and the guy they asked him. They were like. What do you think about this he's like I, think it's kind of cool that Kanye saw it? No idea how and so what are the chances? We're gonna get this airforce one made in zero percent? Okay, all right, hater, the forums gonna eat you alive. For that one so bring back that picture. You love them all. Wearing hats. Yeah kanya gave them I want to see I want to see Jared Kushner. He looks like such a dweeb. You can see the whole family here and one says maker. It's a great thing and make earth great again. Earth is like don't talk for me. Yeah I know Jared cracks, yeah great again and travel space again make earth great again. What does that mean? One was earth earth used to be [. __ ] dealt when the dinosaurs were around NASA Chris played out earth displayed and cared look so uncomfortable in that hat man, but they're making a work they're rocking it they're, making a work. What's the blue ones day, that's the earth, that's good and the black one says trouble space again. So all right you can. You can get that off. So then, we've got to hug the notorious hug which apparently now I was like in what would it cuz they're? The backlash has been so severe and I've read some things like Ti, the famous rapper, what he wrote I was like damn that is [ __, ], harsh and their friends. I'm not read it for you guys, but I was like in what what exactly did he say that that upset people so much? And what in well in you want to say what you told me or is that too controversial just that he didn't say anything new was kind of the same answer: it's the same Kanye from the last six months: mmm but I! Guess what happened is he showed a lot of love and he hugged Trump and that's what some people up so no real medium. So here it is well then I like and I. Guess they like me and we're gonna have lunch, we're gonna talk. I! Did the Secret Service not tackle his ass right now, I love! This guy I got you. It was all the ploy just some I said a long con. There was like a plot to a movie like that like where he tries to get close to the king, some kung fu, hero yeah, that movie sack yep good one dude, what it make sense if Kanye was like the star of his own hero and he just stabbed Trump I mean that'd, be a wild twit everyone's like whoa and gave him some love and in fact, I probably ruined the moment. For you guys to. Let me go back. I have a bad habit of pausing and talking a lot and Sheila was trying to correct me yeah, but it was too late. I already paused it. So here we go again. Everyone to enjoy people that I like and I. Guess they like me and we're gonna, have lunch, we're gonna, talk, I'm, sorry, I got a fuzzy. Look at all these people there's so many people packing the room, so many press, it's actually really annoying. You can't even hear what they're saying yes, cameras they make pictures. Do you need what the [ __ ]? Does she know about cameras? What yeah, okay, I'm, not gonna, pause it anymore! That's but I love! This guy right here, let me get this guy I love this guy right here, yeah, that's my heart! I didn't want to put you in episode. There you go now that was that. Okay, now let me read TI's response. It's a flavour. There was the reaction this. This was cold-blooded man this this. You know what happened. He got go sir, or did I was trying to he got go started by Ti Ian. Do you agree? This was a go starting. So let me read this [ __ ], now I've been extremely patient and made it a point to not jump to any premature conclusions about Yee and his antics partially due to lessons learned from the outcome of other similar situations dealing with my brother Wayne, which I merely mishandled a bit in hindsight. But now this [ __ ] is next-level, futuristic, [, __, ], hoppin, Bob Stephen off Django ass, [, __ ]. What does that mean in those are all references to is sort of like the Uncle Tom thing? What a [ __ ] that was a was a book that had like very racist, imagery, I, believe I'm, not exactly sure, but then he refers to Django, which obviously, that was a Tarantino movie. Sure, okay, literary references very highbrow. Do you know from what I can gather? This is the most repulsive disgraceful, embarrassing act of desperation and auctioning off of one soul to gain power. I've ever seen now, I recall you asking me to come with you to have this meeting and I decline, naturally, but bro. If ain't time I would have been in there with you and you behave that spineless Lee in my presence, I feel like I'd, be compelled to slap the [ __ ] out of you bro for the people. You asked kissing and boot licking on a whole new level and I refuse to associate myself with something so vile, weak and inconsiderate to the effect. This has on the greater good of all of our people, I'm a true believer in it ain't what you do, it's, how you do it and this [ __ ], is regurgitating at one time. It was a pleasure to work alongside you now, I'm ashamed to have been associated with you to all the people who follow ye. You use the yay, oh [, __, ] yay right, yes, Kanye, yes, I'm, not part of a forum or anything yay, so we will follow ya, musically, socially or even personally, who are confused heartbroken and fury ated. Let me make this clear: this [ __ ] ain't cool. This is own cups. This is a movie made yeah. This is a movie a made for yay. This is a play to put him in position he'd like to see himself in. We are not on his mind as he makes these comments and decisions. Don't follow this puppet, we're we're off caps now, because, as long as I've lived, I've learned that it benefits a man, nothing at all to gain the world. If to do so, he must lose his soul. We just saw a mr. West's soul on auction. If you listen closely, you can hear the tears of our ancestors hit the floor. The amps all I can say, is I've reached my limit. This is my stop. I'm officially done middle finger Trump and his little cookie boy Wow. That's cold-blooded, [, __ ]. How did how did you? How did that make you feel again? I mean I I can't fully weigh in on what that imagery feels like, or to see that if you're, you know african-american in this country, I don't know so yeah. It's a reaction, I I, completely understand it. I see why he would have that, and you know, I respect his opinion. They're very political 1ti, a dude from what I understand was like his most ardent defender. Up to this point is that true en diamond is working on campaigning. It's a tough situation. I only met, that's got it as if I'm calling that's got alright yeah, that's good I. When I read it it's hard to disagree with the stuff that he's saying it's like I, don't know like we said last time: kinda like you can see what kinda was trying to do, but in it's not a pure heart movement, it's more polite political than it should be I! Guess it's it's just so polarizing! It's like on one hand, I see where he's coming from and, on the other hand, I see the black community as seeing Donald Trump as a a symbol of oppression of establishment or whatever you know, but I also see like I. Don't know, I see it from both sides. I, don't really think he's going to try and run for president - I, don't see so [ __ ], cringy bro, please, no! No, not support Ian. Do you vote for Kanye's bro I would never vote for because I like it, doesn't that kind of ruin everything what so? If he's, is that love as president? Yes wait? Is he just trying to get political? What is this? Is he trying to be genuine and spread love and like bridge the divide, or so you just want to run for president positioning himself, because that's what the I was saying and all right, yeah and the conversation was very like about Kanye like he was talking about easy and indeed us and how now so strange, yeah yeah and it's kind of like well look Kanye watching his rant strikes me very much as somebody who is having a manic episode he's been diagnosed as bipolar and when I see him talking there, he strikes me as someone: that's not fully grounded mm-hmm, you know what I'm saying and so I take that into consideration. -, yeah and Mike he's feeling strong more than usual emotions, because he's in this manic state and so he's like I love, Trump I love what he represents as someone who did something that was impossible, I love. What? If the idea of what he's trying to do of like bringing jobs back to America in America, first right, Kanye sees that as he just sees the best in it. He sees the positive message and he doesn't and there's a lot of people that criticize that movement, but he just he's full with like strong emotions and love, and this manic state and he'll and- and so that's he's not he's not being smart, he's being emotional mm-hmm, and so it's like he Howard Lee says that it the S&amp;L speech he straight-up says like we need to stop thinking with our minds and start thinking with our hearts. So I think he's just he's, not no I, don't think he's grounded right home and apparently in our while we were noticing earlier he talked about how he was misdiagnosed as bipolar and he was just sleep-deprived and so he's off his medicine and I'm washing the son be like dude. You must be really sleep-deprived right now, that's the case. So I don't know. The whole thing is just wild and weird: is he gonna run as a Republican cuz, that's kind of what he's a meal in itself? Is that yeah we're independent? He might just try and do his own thing or a circus. That would be a real circus. Maybe he wants VP Trump Kanye, won't that be a wild world, so that is Kanye decoded here on 60 minutes there you go. Welcome hit me with that. Sixty minutes tonight under the gazebo Lucroy. Is it poisonous I, say [ __ ] no get that [ __ ] on sale, little cookie boy, aka, Kanye, West, oh I, can't say that is that racist I don't know wait. He did throw that in while listing off like Zombo and all those other things I've never heard of that one either I didn't know. That was a racist thing, so hit me with that. Sixty minutes is Kanye West Trump's little cookie boy find out today under the gazebo and better help. Is it a scam, some say? Yes, some say no cockroaches I like that dunno me or whatever yeah I love the non-committal. Oh, is here I hear the craziest clickbait on the news. They go, the there's an outbreak of the blue. Should you be concerned, let's find out feel like universally when they say that it just. It means me, no, no yeah! Imagine if the answer is yes. Yes, you should not leave your house. Ebola is back. The Black Plague is rampant, yes, be concerned, yeah what else we got man, everyone having fun on this Friday find out more tonight. Is Kanye Trump's little cookie boy? Yes, the answer is we should watch this pro-life lady. Oh yeah got a lot of stuff, but you those got, has suggestions. So, let's watch it. You guys may have seen this great little. One lowlife lady man roundhouse kicks pro-life woman. This shit's crazy man love this. This is why we're here my dudes 5 million wow, this one look at his outfit. First of all, yeah he's got boots for kickin. That's just what he'll do yeah no spoilers. Imagine kicking somebody. Just imagine kicking somebody like how [ __ ] unstable. Do you have to be to throw kick anyway, yeah who can't like, if you're not enough, UFC fighting ring. There's no like throwing a kick like. Who are you Bruce, Lee [Applause]? What Hey destruction of private property tastes a lot he gets raped by somebody and they're like hi 16 year old I can have it. That's really compelling I am pro-choice by the way for I'm I'm strongly in favor of pro-choice. I mean I'm. Just gonna say that for the record, okay, and if you think that makes me a [, __, ] or whatever that's fine, because we can have a difference in opinion, I respect that you are pro-life. How about that you [ __, ] haters, you can have an opinion and I can have a different opinion. You want to come to my dress and kill me because I'm pro-choice suck my tiny Jewish dick, but this guy's a [, __ ] idiot, so it's fun to watch no I did the perfect I just wanted to say, like people who are a pro-life I understand their point because it comes from a religious place yeah and they think the you're murdering a baby I personally disagree I, don't think you're murdering a baby, but if you did think that then I can understand. How are you be? Why you again? Why would you be so passionate about it? So it's like it's just like unsolvable yeah. It's like killing baby. It's like I, can't think of two more opposites: killing a baby worst thing ever, not killing a baby. You know, I, don't think it's going baby this guy, certainly doesn't you gotta go back a little cuz I think this guy should have been aborted. I love that I meant to kick your phone. Ok, who does that imagine kicking someone's phone? It's still assault. It's like he doesn't really apologized either he's just like I [ __ ] up I kicked you in the face. Look at that tongue out yeah, it's like an anime move. It probably runs with his arms back there we go. He rounds up baby. Here we go. That's basically a warning shot. You know you heard World War 2 now on you know, World War, 2 and Israel. Does it over like Gaza, they'll, drop, leaflets and say hey we're about to bomb this place, you better get out? Hmm, that's what he's doing dropping leaflets on hey see that you clear the area because a bomb is about to drop. That's like a crazy kick I doubt that guy will too much power to be praying look. Can we slow motion up here? Let's go to 0.25 on this break it down speed 0.25! Let's enjoy okay mmm! Oh, we got sound all right. It's thinking about it, I love! How like the conversation is over and now a power failure like he probably doesn't have a lot of muscle mass, but he ends up well affirmed, kick right! There yeah sounds of hell. There you go. Everyone enjoyed that. That was a favorite of the week. Shane continues his documentary about Jake, Paul I. Don't have that much to say about any of his new series, except for this. This was my favorite detail that came out of the new episode. It's a small little detail, but I thought it was great I'll share for you guys now my dad's good old, Greg Paul. It's it's actually like an RV, though I'm gonna give you a quick tour. The boss give you an update. It's like you can like yeah, there's like a there's like a bed in there and like he like, drives around and like he sleeps in there. My dad Jake sounds fun. His dad is lived at the Tim penthouse for months, sleeping in a school van outside that's now, a guy who's been accused of having sex with underage girls and kissing underage girls on camera should not be sleeping in a school outside a house with a bunch of young kids. All right, Greg Paul get your [ __ ] [, __ ] together, get your life together and get the [ __ ] move out of the school bus for Christ's sake, Greg. What the hell is wrong with you God as a weird yeah: that's the weirdest, goddamn [, __ ], ever so in red palm [, __ ] me your life together, man, god! That's it! That's my own! That's my take away. Banksy shreds is art and whatever some [ __ ] should I talk about this Banksy shreds his art, it's kind of cool, except it was kind of also lame I'm not being honest because well here, let's watch it so Banksy sold a piece of art or no, he didn't sell I, don't know how it came to be in the print of his art, so he sold it originally. And then it was recently I, don't know the story, yeah I, believe original yeah and being auctioned. I think the story goes that he built the shredder into it like ten years ago with the intention that it if it ever went on auction. He would do this, so this is like a long con, but what I'm wondering is he's so anti like capitalist. He originally sold the art to somebody right like how did the auction house get it? Yeah yeah, that's a very good question. Okay, so I don't really understand? Okay, so it's not really. Is it a statement? I, don't I'm, not sure what was the statement I think it's funny just a gag. It's like I, gotcha, okay, it's like! Oh, it's like an actual cool prank I thought he was like an anti-capitalist like didn't, sell his work, mm kind of thing. I, don't think like he doesn't sell his work like I, remember, hearing a story about how someone had a bunch of his work on display and they were charging him to get in and he was super unhappy about that. I. Don't know cuz! You can buy prints over the art and I'm sure money will go to you, yeah, okay, so well, I, don't know much about him. So nobody knows that's, that's what I think just had to blast you. It does alright. So here you go. We built in a predator into this frame and there you have it years later, sold for 1.4 million dollars, they're auctioning in pounds. So it's like that 4.4 million and the minute it closes somebody with the remote activated it who was there who knows had a big eyes smile on his face? It's a shame. It didn't complete it because they were able to preserve it. So that's why I think like it's done so beautifully to like the paper, didn't get crumbled or anything it's just like so his it. So again, that's my question is about his intention because I don't think his intention was to destroy it because it only shreds half and then it's done, I think it's a statement because she just someone just paid a 1.4 million for this the value since he did it yeah. So now not only is it available because I know it was history, yeah and now it's part of his theory of art I mean it's pretty cool that he pulled that off I'm just confused about the message, because he increased the value and it's not like he intentionally didn't destroy the whole painting I, don't care that much and I don't think it matters not much. Hmm I think it was still a cool moment. People were freaking out, like all of a sudden. This paper is shredding itself right well as possible. It was an intentional that it [ __ ] up like if he really built this thing 10 years ago. Yes, malfunction I'm, showing you that this would raise the volume just cuz. That's how it goes. I guess the moment that never happened before so yeah I mean it's brilliant yeah. It's brilliant that one baby waited patiently for 10 years for this beautiful moment or some idiot I. Don't want call me an idiot I'll put it this way: Kurt Vonnegut, I, love this saying and I'm not talking. You can spend 10 20 30 ow dollars on a piece of art. I'm caught, but when you start spending like millions you're paying for prestige right yeah, Kurt Vonnegut has this great quote. He says art is a conspiracy between the rich and and like the and the art world to make I said, that's so bad yeah to make poor people feel stupid. Art is a conspiracy between rich people and artists to make poor people feel stupid, because you see a painting sold for 20 million bucks and you're making $30,000 a year and you're like well [ __ ]. No, the funny story is that some other guy who owns a print shredded it more weight is. Do we have a picture of that? That's so funny right. We have us that is hilarious. Was that a valuable print before $40,000? So why the [ __ ] like what did he take a scissor to it? I'm, not sure? Oh here it is so I think that that was intentional. How it stopped right there, it's kind of still beautiful. It is very beautiful. Absolutely so what it was is I mean he wasn't destroying someone's purchase. He was uh like I pray. It was a little okay, bad chant of a gift. Everyone freaked out. It definitely ended up as a gift. I mean the guy who bought it had the option to back out and he was like [ __ ] no I want that yeah, it's not like, but you remember, mark McGrath. What was that guy's name, the baseball player that like broke the homerun record and the Mark McGwire Mark McGwire sugar? Oh yeah, you're, right sugar ray sugar right. He he broke the homerun record and the foul ball hit into the stadium, the guy who caught it, yellow sold it for 3 million bucks yeah. And then, since everyone was on steroids, they kept breaking the record like every year, so lost all of its value. But this is that foul ball so close that one, oh and okay. So here here read that part. Today, my art broker. Calm received the seller in Korea via website from someone who has taken it upon themselves to shred their own girl with balloon print in order to increase its value. They have taken a piece of art worth Lee ruff worth the forty thousand pounds and, in our opinion, made its value one stupid. Why would you I, don't think there's pictures of it I, don't think they even want to give that guy any attention, that's crazy to actually take a genuine piece of art, valuable art and just be like. Oh I'm, gonna, [, __, ] cut it up now, like that's, not how it works. The seller wanted them to list it as eighty eighty thousand pound and they just disagreed denied. Oh, my god, [ __, ] idiot I bet you. Someone buys that though I'll bet I'll bid $1 on it, they says worth $1 I got a dollar. So, let's start the bidding. I mean that piece has history -, it's the idiot who cut up one. You know I'm, saying I love it. We've we've spent a lot of money on art, yeah, but I'm, maybe like a couple thousand dollars which you're basically paying for someone's time and appreciation. Yeah. First, you know twenty million dollars for a print. Yeah I mean that's a big difference. I I appreciate art that I that I, like and I'll, spend thousand bucks a couple thousand bucks, a hundred thousand [ __ ] suck. It's a lot depends like this guy Robert uh Xavier. Has this huge Batman I love it? It's amazing I mean that thing's I would guess worth a hundred thousand, but it's like the size of this hole. Yeah you can I mean you spent like ten thousand hours yeah and like a whole house. Just for that. But anyway, like there's some stuff like the gold, the Diamonds skull. What was that sold for like a hundred million million dollars? How rich and bored can you be good? Now you could feed the whole continent of Africa they're like nah, with the skull. Hmm they're like they're, like fix homelessness in your city forever, now take the skull. I'll take the skull. Please they're like cure, cure, HIV and AIDS in all of Africa or one Diamond skull. I'll take the school. Howard Stern had this great bit where he went on the street, the Boston bomber. He was like this handsome young, like air arab, kid, the boston bomber, and there was a lot of girls who were like talk about how cute he was, and so they went on the street with a picture of howard and a picture of the boston bomber and they're, like which one would you rather date, and everyone was picking the Boston bomber over Howard I love that so funny, rather date, a terrorist than Howard I. Don't think he was Arab by the way. Just for the record, oh god, what was he I? Think I think he was a Chechen Ian I mean he was a Muslim. He wasn't a Arab correct. Okay, my bad I stand corrected. I want to stand at my pulpit, I want to say I apologize. All of my Arab brothers out there who have been offended in this unfortunate, miss character. Asian, not all not all Arabs are terrorists, and that was not what I meant to imply by any means of any stretch of imagination. He was a Muslim young man of Chechen descent, which I believe is where's that Dan well, it's a region in southern Russia and it's sort of an ongoing called as thank you. Thank you very much Dan for the clarification and please everyone. Forgive me please, and if you think that you need to write an essay about my mistake here today and expose me, please you have my permission. I made a grave error of judgment and I give him full permission to make a 30-minute essay about it, as is entirely warranted. So apologies to everyone for that and shoutout to to the essayist right now. Greece bans obese tourists from riding on donkeys, I love this it's [, __, ], hilarious. Here's, a fat lady on a donkey Greece has banned fat tourists from riding on donkeys after campaigners said, the animals were being left with spinal injuries. Listen, this isn't santorini. Greece, we've been there, so we honey little players. I never once had the urge to write a donk. It's not really even like a donkey friendly. No I! Don't really get that. Also, if you look if you're fat you got to give up some, you got to give some things up. If you're, a big [, __, ], fatty and you're gonna break a donkey's back then I mean you know what I'm saying like there was a Nathan for you about big horses and you could he had to put like weather balloons on them and [ __ ], look! Don't howl. What's the weight limit, how do they? How do they define fat because it just says fat I, don't know it's the other define it did this. These states uh donkey, giving tourists rides and scenery should not carry any loads heavier than a hundred kilograms. What does that convert to see it sound like a lot 220 pounds so unless you're extremely tall and built, if you're over 200 wait what yeah? That's not a bad, miss your weight, I'm too fat for it. No I'm like at 195, that's yo, I'm too fat for a donkey. What the [ __ ]! Why do you need to write a Duncan? What kind of beast of burden is that now I just did a complete 180 who's riding these donkeys a little children, yeah I had a couple hamburgers in my life, but am I too fat to ride a donkey I, don't think so. They're just little donkeys, oh they're, not horses, they're, just trying to save them going down the stairs. So do the stairs do some exercise? No I need a donkey ride. I'm, gonna, [, __, ], kill this donkey, cause I'm, so fat and the break its back. Looking down more, you can see the stairs down more. Oh god, these poor people taking a neato fat people on donkeys and they blurted, but tiny bit. God he's not even enjoying himself that donkey will never have another passenger and you're, not even enjoying yourself that dog is gonna, be put to sleep after this and you're, not even enjoying yourself wait. This says you have 100 kilograms. Well, goddamn, there's more here! You can't go that down yourself! Oh wait! We did do a donkey ride. No, we did in centre a knee, didn't we go up a donkey's on those stairs or my fun. No ripping balls no way we did donkey rides, maybe I'm thinking of something else. How did we get up to the hotel by car like the same yeah? We go: spor donkeys, man, goddamn, just poor [, __ ], only bad Americans up and down a hill, incredible stuff man, 60 minutes really stepped up. The game dog is a mayor. Oh we've got these fan submissions, but it's already been two hours I'm coming or hour and a half. Should we wrap it up this one's too funny I'm gonna. Do this one I'm and it guys send your questions, comments, essays video suggestions to podcast at h3h3 productions, calm, I, love it. This one was so funny from Joey Lewis. He says: hey, Ethan, Aguila I, listen to your at number, 87 podcasts, where you mentioned how semen can clog up the sour drink? This was relevant to me because the freshmen housing at my school think god I, don't live there. Ken Ken's, Shaw State. They had to remove and replace the plumbing for one of the buildings, the whole entire building. Due to the build-up of semen tangling with hair, there's a photo of the notice that the University Housing put up to reminds just not to jerk off in the shower when he said there is a photo I, almost yeah, yeah yeah, if you're not jerking off in the shower. Where are you jerking off, but it's a communal shower? You got a jerk off responsibly. Patrice O'neal had the greatest joke ever he says I jerked off in the shower so many times, I'm swear as a little baby hasn't called out. Dear residents, we have recently found several blockages in plumbing system in University, Village Suites, mostly caused by human hair. Let me sit my water. However. Over the last month we have found many of these blockages to be caused by large quantities about we have now determined to be semen. This is intolerable because semen is not soluble in water, it gets caught and filters, and our system, and particularly susceptible this issue, has cost the university thousands of dollars to repair. Thus far good thing, you collect a lot of tuitions and stop complaining. It's come out. My semen, though we know that much though we know that you must take care of your business. We have never faced a situation of this enormity before it is because of this, unfortunately, that we must ask you to refrain from masturbating in the shower. May we, those who wish to masturbate do so in the comfort of their own bedroom and dispose of their discharge appropriately. I bet you 90% of the dudes, continue to jack off in the show. Yeah I love you better. Yet, unlike motor labor mm-hmm, no signature, this guy should frame it. No signature, Joey! That's the tough thing how you can't guarantee that second gotta stop me dude I'm jerking off in the shower. That's God intended! That's why school is so expensive. It's all the [ __ ] demon I had a communal shower in college boy. It was Co. Sexual boys and girls shared the same bathroom, yeah I know yeah, but there was all the so you would come out with a towel. Yeah yeah yeah. There was a naked beauty yeah with a towel yeah but like there's like four shower easels next to each other with like occur and private stall, but yeah it was co-ed huh, but there was that you could. There was semen on the floor, sometimes guys yeah. There was a bathtub in there by the way, then nobody, you know but God forbid either you you were in the military. Wasn't a co-ed. There are you [, __, ], kidding co-ed everything I know about the military is from Starship Troopers, so I don't know it. It's separated the females. We had our own like little area and the male have their own area. Even the Western Wall is separated and therefore yeah I can follow the US military's in co-ed Starship, Troopers, hey Dan I'll, never forget that scene. I saw some titties that I didn't expect. Showering I was like what enough [, __, ], mm-hmm, cuz I wasn't up. I was like 13. So if somebody like looked at me, I like pop a boner yeah I was like how did they shower what there and they don't all have fat boners right now. Remember when you're 13, like you Tet, you hit a speed bump on the bus a little too fast. You pop a boner tuck it under the belt. You get really good at the the bass, the backpack masking method, yeah, you checking something in your backpack I I, tucked it under the bell most of time, but sometimes because you have to kind of maneuver for that and it yeah a lot of tucking and grabbing right. So the backpack is definitely a godsend. It's one of the two options, I, don't think, there's anything else. Is there anything else in or zach? Is there any other ways you guys concealed boners and was like sitting on the toilet when I was 13? That was it? What what you pop a bunny on the toilet? You mean you jerk off yeah, you didn't read the question: where else have you so you would [ __, ] and jerk off interesting state? Would you sit first? Would you jerk off after you [ __ ]? You would [ __ ] while jerking on, so you sit there stiff like this. Do you flush the ball before you check off when you sit over the [ __ ], so you flush and then you jerk yeah, there's still stinks. Probably though yeah yeah I get you I smell, my own farts I'm ashamed, a minute, I love it I love it I love it yeah. You wouldn't admit it. You don't like to smell your own farts, not even a little bit you're, not intrigued. No you're, not intrigued you're, not intrigued at least interested interested in what the smell. No. That's like a biological fact that people like to smell their own fart, like then Joey I, think so you'd think Dan. Do you like the smell, Ralph? I'm? Sorry, meaning we're out it's a fact, and then you finish to it. I think so. I was I. Think this is another debate. I. Think people like to smell their own farm well, I will give you that I gotta tolerate it for sure for sure I, don't I savor, you smell it and enjoy it. You deep, you breathe deeply on it. You're just doing a ya move. I am NOT I like to smell my own farts. Hey there's a lot of people out there that agree, so this is another one of these things we need to explore and I'm being genuine by the way I'm serious. Why would I admit to that and by like, why would I lie about like in the Sonoma being controversial, goof I'm not even wants desperately, not to believe this is what I'm hearing there was another one. Somebody asked and the spirit of all these conversations I D zette, zette, zetz ler, asked I was always convinced everyone picks their nose, picking your nose ventilates it effectively and enables you to breathe much easier. Furthermore, scraping a nice dry chunk of snot out of your nose is the best feeling ever to me. It seems like a basic human necessity, but maybe those are just my own habits ever since you started these types of conversation, your podcast has said doubting my judgment on what's normal and what is not more and more so, do you pick your nose if so, which finger to use? Also I am pretty sure there are people who even eat their boogers. I am not sure whether it is only kids or adults. - personally I always found it gross. So I never did do you so we're discussing like all the taboo dude we're back normal tonight on 60 minutes, I think everyone picks their nose, but there's certain levels to it like if I'm in the shower, like I, find it gross mm-hmm. So if I'm in the shower, that's a good place to pick my nose, but generally I'll try to use a tissue or something just because I I just think it's kind of gross personally but I think everyone picks their nose. Yeah I tell you what's grosser that I've seen people do you're you're, just walking with somebody on the street and just out of nowhere without saying anything: oh, my god [ __ ], the word I'm like you're, just having a conversation and make conversation, Sean Balog does that [ __ ] and then they won't come out. So they go on the street with shredder the other day and if someone's just walking on the cross, the street for me and they go. Why would you do that in the sight of another human being you lunatic, some people think that's normal. Okay, that's [, __ ], wild, all right, shit's, crazy, so picking the nose, I think I agree. Eating boogers is [ __ ] up if you're under the age of eight me boogers you're a [ __ ] weirdo over but yeah. Actually you know what I shouldn't say: I, don't wanna I! Never did that's. My personal preference I seen some friends where I look over and they're just like trying to like low-key there, but really what oh I don't want to shame booger eaters because we're whether we're getting out there we're putting it all out there I think I do think. There's a large percentage of adults. They eat their boogers in secret. The idea to me is frankly repulsive yeah. Why I don't think that watch like TV and then anything is possible. People like it I, don't know it's like smelling your own fart. To me. That makes sense, but eating a booger makes me want to [ __ ] die the innards AK I have to ask for posterity. Do any of you guys pick your nose or eat your books? I would rather lick dog poop. What about your home booger? Absolutely not! May I disgusting, no, never your life, he needs his own bug only gets the skepticism. I came in too dry too fast. So anyway, that was interesting. Conversation that's about it. Yeah about visit dog becomes mayor's. That's something interesting or no dog became mayor. What you know there's this whole story about a dog is getting re-elected as mayor, and what it made me think about is what does this say about the job mayor I saw people in the video say like you did good like what does that mean he's a good boy but being the mayor's a serious job, but you get paid like your responsibilities like what does this say about all government? The mayor of LA is a serious job, yeah yeah, but I think in in smaller towns. The mayor is like a ceremonial thing like the City. Council really runs [, __ ] and then the mayor I know this completely from Parks and Rec. So take this all the knowledge and they're, you know what they said: it cost a dollar to vote for the mirror. Yeah I was like wow, that's great, really, no -, Ron Ewan know about dollar vote, probably not that serious of an election. Then it costs to vote. That's what I recall from the video we're not gonna watch all right! That's enough! Thank you! Everyone who watched thank you. Everyone who listened thank you. Everyone who enjoyed I, hope you're having a blessed Friday hope you have a blessed weekend. Thank you to everyone, who's, taking notes diligently right now to cast their essay on h3 productions and how I've changed, which is true. I have changed, and so there's definitely something there. How I've compromised my morals for money? That's above either one there's all the evidence there you can pull from and yeah there's a lot there. So I will show the back yesterday. We all look so guys. Thank you all and and of course, using this clip and be using this club and being like look how he doesn't take criticism. Look how he makes fun of the fact that he's just a shill I look forward to that as well, and I think you for taking everything into consideration. My dear friends have a blessed blessed weekend. Thank you all so much and thank you all for enjoying our new video. That meant a lot. It was very nice to see ya felt good. It was a very wholesome experience. A very happy and and I'll see you. Hopefully a lot of you tomorrow, a trip and dip yeah at our little meet-and-greet. Looking forward to all of that, and so much more, he was pregnant by the way we had a whole thing, but we hung we had a whole thing about food. You can deli meats. You have nine months to talk about he looking at deli meats I was like if ela can eat deli meats when she was pregnant, we all should not be eating those, that's freaky. You know what I'm saying, but that's not how it works. It's not it's. Just it's sensitive today to do a little pizza, I, the little peep of a baby that it is right now, yeah ouch our songs. Almost over okay, we better go alright guys. Thank you all for watching have a blessed weekend! Love! You appreciate! You we'll see you next time! Thank you. So much.