Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast live today, we're staying cool, even though it's hot outside we've got a top of the week here. For you guys we are sponsored this week by Dollar, Shave, Club, hellofresh and, of course, h3h3 productions ourselves with some hot t-shirts and, of course subscribers, like you. Thank you, everyone for supporting us more about that later now today, there's a lot I want to get to. First of all, I want to talk about the fundraising we did on Tuesday we're currently at $157,000. Our initial goal was a hundred thousand yeah I. Can't I really think we can get that to two hundred thousand I think so you know hurricane Steve, Harvey devastated Texas and it's kind of messed up, because these people are trying to rebuild their lives and it's like. Nobody even cares about Steve Harvey anymore. It's all about irma who's becoming piling in on Florida, and it's hard not to think about Emma, because she apparently what do you? How do you? What do you think about when you hear Irma? What kind of woman is that all Direction, lady herma she's, just at the buffet line and she's, just like piling up that plate? You just want like one like egg roll, but you're stuck buying her mama she's, a cow Jesus simmer: okay, I'm, just gonna kill people [ __ ] Irma everyone's talking about Irma, who has now become officially the most powerful hurricane ever to come out of the Atlantic category, 5 185 miles per hour. Wind I want to talk about that. I want to talk about all the Raffles we did and we got a lot of interesting data on that ones. It's still live. I'll, explain all that, but before that, I want to want to talk about staying cool, huh, hey staying cool, Lila, I'm, trying I, don't know if I'm cool enough to be cool. It's just! Is this really soup stupid meme? That was just tickled us. We were walking out what was it last week, yeah who was Dan on the phone with when he was talking with the shirt company? Okay, so we're walking out and Dan's on the phone with someone. It was a girl too, because it was like kind of flirtatious I felt like we're walking outside we're done. I'm gonna, walk it out and dance wrapping up a phone call with this with one of these girls we work with, and he says all right- stay cool, pretty innocent statement, but I just was like Dan. It wasn't like one of the hottest day here it was hot, it was brilliant away, so it was kind of like a joke about the weather. Wasn't a joke. He was earnest. He was completely serious and it's a fair. You know it's a good wish to make for somebody on a hot day stay cold, but we just started joking internally about it, and so I wanted to bring that little story to light. One didn't bring you guys in on it, so that we can put it on a shirt and about a week and then and another week we bury it and it's funny again. You know it's the life cycle of a meme stay cool, maybe not that good, maybe not that! Maybe not that no necessary. So, let's have a look over here at our fundraising here: some really interesting data. First of all, we have two new justin roiland original drawings, with his signature on them. Are they on here? Yes, one is there oh yeah one says and whatever something about like you get it it's Justin, it's funny. It's hilarious, so here I thought this stuff was interesting. I want to go over it by the way. Just for the record. This is going to run until next Tuesday, it's going to a natural, a national organization, directly one of the most highest rated reputable companies out there for for raising money for help, people mm-hmm and you basically all these rewards. We we have here our raffle tickets. So if you put $1.00 in, you still have a chance, the won, if you put a thousand, you have a thousand times more tickets. One dollar equals one raffle. There's all kinds of amazing, [, __ ] here I encourage you to go check it out, but I wanted to go over some of the stats here, which I thought was real real interesting stuff. Here, let's have a look. So look at this this, this [ __ ], is really inspiring. Twenty dollars are less donations in total, equalled 70,000 bucks and that's crazy, Wow, a hundred dollars or less the first time I'm. Looking at this dice, oh yeah, okay, so this I mean it's really inspiring here, look people who did not want any reward at all forty thousand five dollars or less was twenty eight thousand, and here this is kind of inspiring to me. One dollar donations, totaled $7,300. Where do you see that right here, I? Have it highlighted on my screen? See how freaking cool is that so all you guys out there who participate in you know, charity streams or donations, who say one dollar doesn't make a difference. Here we raise seven thousand three hundred forty two dollars from one dollar donations, there's so many people and so I, don't know I, don't know if one of these one dollar guys is gonna win but that'd be kind of cool, it's crazy, because we, when we did it, we only had like thirty thousand people watching right. So it's like every single person, donate I. Think everybody in that initial stream probably contributed which is really inspiring. You guys are awesome in that that was such a special stream. We all felt really really honored to have been a part of that now on for the the gifts or the giveaways. I guess so coming in first place was the jars of Szechuan sauce. By far that alone raised fifteen thousand five hundred forty dollars of people wanting that sauce, that's pretty awesome and well. We had one donator matt from loot crate give leat what doesn't three hundred thirty seven dollars, and then we had the rick and morty art book which raised thirteen thousand Jesus Justin, bringing home the bacon. And then this one kind of surprised me signed to vape number three we signed to babe and I smoked it all day. - I, don't know if that was what put it up to the next level. You sick, [, __ ], you weird fetish, [, __ ]. We all use that. Oh, we all used it. You sickos you're sick. Thank you for donating um, Teddy, fresh hat the number one original signed, Teddy fresh hat. It was crazy $8,500! That's good amazing, that's crazy! That's so cool alex hirsch, though yeah threw down a thousand for that. He only found out about that today. I had no idea. Hmm I was kind of pissed when I saw it because, like wait, I gave 5,000 I wish I bid on something because we put it in I guess before it was final. I'm like wait, alex is putting his trying to buy. I should have bought some sauce and resold it. So I can't wait to see you actually wins so we'll decide that on Tuesday on the Tuesday episode coming up next week well announced all the winners. This was freaking out riot neck Fupa. If you guys were watching that you know. That means we auctioned off for $500 and by the way we still are auctioning it off for $500. You can write anything you want on my neck Koopa and then it's to that we missed. There's two: don't we missed apologies to them, we're gonna. Do it today to Cairo Kitty and Chelsea. We're gonna write those right now, but apparently there was. How many is that that's like 1717 neck Fupa cats? I looked hard as hell and Justin capped it off with I love come on my forehead and then the next day it was just all like blurred and it just looked like you were you had black stuff all over you, your neck disease, mm-hmm. It's a nice change from what how I usually look? Oh I'm, focusing on that black stuff on your neck and not your disgusting body. Um black light journal, Alex's limited edition, Journal raised eight and Rick and Morty skateboard deck raced, almost 7,000 goddamn boy, Alex's, flannel 6000, the dummy I'm just going over the notable ones now, but Donny dolls, 5000, that's an old mean the voice message is work. We we auction off for $1,000. You can get a custom voice message from either us or Justin or Alex, or anyone yeah, we're gonna. You can still buy those we're giving those out on Tuesday as well. We'll have them well close it on Tuesday and start. It will be their last day for everything yeah and then, if you go down to the bottom, if you go all the way down to the bottom and I'm kind of upset, I, don't force you guys, Skippy's belly button, lint, two hundred and thirty six dollars, I mean we valued this at a minimum of twenty five hundred guys. Can we please I feel bad for the guy? Can we please get some donations for Skippy's, bellybutton, lint and I give a special shout out to teddy bear suplex who gave 25 for that he is 10% of the raffle yeah you've got 10% of the raffle covered, there's a really good chance that you're gonna be sniffing that on Tuesday. Unless new competitors come out. Please guys come on. This is ridiculous. Nobody 236! That's it! Give me a [, __, ] break, you don't know, what's been covered, the champagne I know what down I'm just gonna have to give it back to him. At this rate, I'm just gonna have to give it back to him. Just say: I'll send you some island instead, because he has way too I have a value on that and then one other noteworthy one which is worth. Can you know mentioning brats? Oh the games of miracles, hooked it up with a $1 donation. So shout out, although wait wait, wait dan I think we, oh nevermind I'm bet I've misunderstood that I just want to yell at you, Dan nevermind. So anyway, that's what's up all those items are still available. Ela. Do you want to write on my 10 mm or 1000 for the dining suit yeah I know, which is awareness, someone ik, Ben Ezra Azara gave hundred for that mm-hmm yeah? That's all that is ancient mean you got the Sharpie yeah all right. So before we begin, let's just let's pay our debts. Here we forgot to neckloop us or we miss them, I. Think, probably because there was trouble with the website. So my neck football raised 8,500 bucks, I'm English, who can't say that I'm using my food, save Texas for Chelsea, yes and breast milk breasts breasts, is it breast or breast Dan? Then this is breath Br all right. You like get to work one, if that's some kind of inside joke. Oh that's! Just breast milk, bye yeah go ahead, um so anyway, thank you. Everyone for donating, I, see going up now, god bless. Huh, says we're the erotic ILA's, drawing on my Fupa. Now. What are you writing? He can write something when my dad gets here. My dad's gonna be here around 3:00. He said so. I'll run a special where you can have my dad write something on my [ __ ]. You can have my dad draw swastika on my forehead. So what else we have to talk about here? Save Texas HeLa. It's up to you! Now: okay, don't [ __ ]! This up. Do you like that? A new fetish discovered you guys thanks for that safe press? This is hard [, __, ], yeah, mm-hmm, all right get the hell out of here EULA you take it too long. Whatever? What are you writing? I feel like this is taking too long all right. Are you done? Okay? Okay, here you go guys. This is thank you. That's a thousand bucks to charity get the hell out of here. Damn close a freaking door and I your [ __ ], together in the intern, stop [ __ ] around out there in the internet, you're not you're, not doing what you're supposed to be they're the best I love them: okay, um! So let's move on. So that is what that is, and thank you, everyone who continues to donate. We are honestly in more need of it now than ever before, and what I want to talk about more a little bit now is hurricane Irma. Let me show you this look at this tweet. While dissented, that's really bad. This is awful. What if I done? Let me see if I can do something here. Oh my god, this is awful. What have I done? I just I just I, actually have an image instead of a link. That's like I'm, like grandma yeah. Alright, let's get serious we're getting serious here, guys, I, don't know how to get serious when I'm, actually just looking at a dock. That's a zoomed in 20 times, but let's get serious right. You can zoom out well, I want to show the image. Oh! Can you find this to me Dan just. Do me a favor the situation, room CNN, sit room, QB, hmm, capisce, okay, all right all right! This is pretty indigent. This is pretty pretty rough stuff here: okay, there's pretty rough stuff yeah. How you doing how you feeling talk to me well, I, manage my life here: I had a lot of fun! Writing on your neck, I'm, looking forward to more opportunities like that in the future. Okay, all right! Well, you guys heard it put in that mind the opportunity, but if you're trying to do like silly stuff for charity cuz, then there's no feeling bad. It's all good paternity, like I, can spray Joey cells in the face with mace, and it's like yeah. That was great man, we're all happy about that. So talking about Hurricane Irma, which is now the strongest hurricane ever to come out of the Atlantic Ocean and is now barreling down on Florida. Here's some footage of it rolling over st. Maarten here have a look at this. Someone is recording this [Music], and this is about. This is probably close to 180 miles per hour when this is just a metal fence, that's being flattened, it's pretty much the apocalypse, yeah Jesus! You can't even see anything something just blows up something just lights on fire in a hurricane to make it more apocalyptic, and it's just yeah I mean the video cuts out. Um excuse the the audio there, but just to give you an idea of what, as actually we're dealing with here, I, don't think yeah Dan got that tweet. Thank you very much. I, don't see it! Here's a tweet that that, oh, my god here you go alright check this tweet out. This isn't the one Dan they kill me. It was for a split second I had a moving on. If you find it, let me know, but anyway they tweeted out it's official, no storm on wreck. What you can just read it: it's official no storm on record anywhere on the globe, has maintained winds of 185 miles per hour or above for as long as Omaha's. That's crazy, and it's just tearing it up. Okay, look at this is another video of Irma. That really just freaking blew my mind. My fear, let's see here this [ __, ] [Music], so the whole damn city is being blown away. Trees are being uprooted and just completely torn. No that's how it ends, presumably with the end of civilization. I mean this. This is serious stuff here and yet another video there's these guys um hurricane hunters. You know about these guys. You know oh yeah, they're meteorologists that have these special and super powerful airplanes that can fly through the eye of a hurricane and that's how they get like how they measured the speed and intensity and how they decide that it's like a category 5, there's actually insane fleet of people that fly through the eye of a hurricane. So here is footage of these lunatics flying through the eye of Emma [Music]. You can actually see when they break through right now. It's just great it's crazy, because there must be pretty high and there's just like debris everywhere. Let's see, okay, look at this [Music] Carolee see it it's a brief there. You go here's the eye, crazy! It's just like fine, it's all good! It's all good here, yikes I can't believe they're just flying through it. So I find that I just find that fascinating if I may say so, there's actually just a fleet of lunatic meteorologists that fly through this heart of these things. Fascinating mm-hmm Shawn just said that his wife um lived on that island. Oh yes, a mark ten plus years yeah what she her I wonder what she's heard from getting a bunch of pictures from her friends about what's going on there? What I heard in the news is essentially these these islands, basically in the Caribbean, are 95% completely destroyed. Pretty much. Every single structure on these islands was flattened and completely ruined in the path of this hurricane um. Here I've got some photos here, I, don't know what is going on. I mean this is what it's three hurricanes at the same time, yeah and there's another two of following up behind it here. Basically, if you're in Florida you're, just totally [ __ ] right now, here's a forecast from this yeah. It depends where you are, but I mean if you're in, like South Florida, where it's gonna get hit the most you should be definitely evacuating. The governor is giving emergency messages being like. This is not something you can write out. Yeah. You cannot sit in your house and wait. This out. You will die 55 miles per hour. You can see. The center of circulation is different, is also looking at what they too many days. We have a hurricane watch in place, so to kind of break things down for you here, a hurricane warning. This is where we could see sustain. It was in anybody down here in South Florida. They do need to get out. There's no east or west. You can go to the fishes, all has to start heading north and there I read is catastrophic, that's how they, how they categorize it so pretty much. The entire southern tip of Florida from us to evacuations in Miami is just gonna, be catastrophic. She's gonna be underwater areas. You see here he's gonna have the system is going to continue to quickly move, but the rains going to it's gonna hit like this weekend, so we're gonna know how bad it is pretty pretty soon after, but essentially the money that we're raising here on tilt. If I link is below in the description, it should be relatively easy to find, is gonna help all these people, it's gonna help all them. It's gonna help the people who are don't have health insurance. You don't have access to clean medicine that they need to survive. This is money. Is gonna directly go to saving people's lives, the people who need it the most this website, it's kind of got rich by the way just want to put that out there. It's also great, but it's yeah, it's pretty good, not always running. Luckily the money doesn't even go to them. It goes straight to the to their charity yeah to the charity, yeah, alright, anyway, um. You know it's important to to to acknowledge all this stuff going out here in the world right now, I, don't know. Look at this thing, man from the sky. This is basically what's happened in Arma as it passed over the Caribbeans I mean this is climate change man. The earth doesn't want us here anymore, another's earthquakes, earthquakes, Mexico, yes, there's solar flares. This is like the beginning of a bad sci-fi movie, starring, Bruce Willis. This movie would get like a 30% around tomato. Yet here we are the main things that I can't stop thinking about, like all your stuff, you're hot, every all gun. Even if you have insurance, it's yeah, it's like a personal stuff. Imagine your whole house and everything you have in there is just drowned and blown Oy. Mm-Hmm I mean my god. How do you rebuild from that must be amazing for an artist to afterwards do a project where they go and collect he wants to be there their ruins. You always got a good idea for artists out there. Someone go do that anyway. Look not not the most upbeat, charming thing, but I think it's important now that were deep into this fundraising that we make one last push to try to raise as much money as we can for those people because, yes, well save people's lives gosh. This was a great little story. They came out. You know, rush limbaugh is I, think so he's a conservative talk, radio character and he went on this tirade about how hurricane Irma is a liberal conspiracy to sell bottled water. What and this happened after Houston was already buried and you know 15 feet of water. He says he basically says that he doesn't say he doesn't think the hurricane exists, but he thinks that there's like hysteria over it that the liberal media plays it up to further the agenda of global warming and sell more bottles of water, which I love that the conclusion is like. No, it's a conspiracy to make global warming seem real. Instead of like it's [, __ ], real, there's, three of record-breaking hurricanes that is destroying our country. It's a conspiracy. It's like the same, explain it to the people who lost their houses. I did just just hysteria well answer this EULA. Did they sell more water? You know. Well, you have to look at who is more like who's gonna profit, the most from this right, the water and it's obviously the water bottle. People they're killing it maybe diamond water, will make a comeback time and water. Let's get Diamond water on a discount y'all and help those hurricane victims out, III, listen! I know we have some conservative, leaning people who listen to this show I, don't think global warming is a partisan issue at all. I, don't know how I don't know why global warming has become a partisan issue. It's not it I, don't know why it's become this whole thing about it's a Chinese hoax that it's we're trying to I, don't even get it. Global warming is happening. The earth is getting hotter, there are freaking hurricanes being a lob datas earth is throwing them at us. You know it's it's it's a real thing and I mean the. It causes more extreme weather these droughts that we had in LA for like six years and then I was like a super rain in LA. Yeah, it's more hey, you're, not gonna have rain for seven yeah. Now it's not gonna rain for another twenty years, I mean while everyone else is flooding, but it's just more extreme weather patterns. It makes everything else more. Extreme I was listening to this guy talking about global warming, some scientist and it's like according to what this guy was saying. Without human intervention, the earth should actually be cooling because a lot of people say well. The earth goes through warming periods anyway. So how am I supposed to know that it's man-made and just as on an it's on another cooling period or warming period, but it's actually on a cooling period. It should be cooling, but it's rising. Like a percent degree. Every frickin year I mean this [ __ ] is real I, don't know why we're having this debate that that's the one thing that really furious me I, don't know how global global climate change has become a partisan issue. That's just bizarre find that very bizarre I feel like at this point like everyone. It seems like everyone is agreeing on it, but then you see all these. Well, all the scientists yeah they're, even like other countries like in India, even China and India, are cutting their their coal usage arse ramping up their green energies. China is more progressive now but like if you're, if you're someone who denies climate change you're literally in the only country that there's still debate about that, the rest of the world has moved on and accepted it. But we're still here being like. Is this a? Is this a conspiracy for Al Gore to make a couple more bucks? Yeah! That's why China is building green energies to make Al Gore money. I! Don't get it I, don't understand it! You have to be so deep into this party politics, [ __ ], which I hate by the way, but like to actually think that there's no such thing as global warming, you're. So deep into party politics, the Rush Limbaugh's kovitch, you, that is a conspiracy to sell more bottled water, I wish that was true. I'm [, __ ], angry I'm pissed. You want some water here, listen to this [ __ ]! You just completely dismantle my whole argument, Fick and what Swope here's? Here's? Here's something put in perspective: do you think smoking is bad for you? Nobody! Nobody disputes that yet the same amount of scientists that say smoking is bad, for you say that global warming is a man-made phenomenon that is warming the globe and changing our weather patterns. For the worse same percentage, capita of scientists are saying that as saying smoking is bad for you, they're still scientists out there, the Satan smoking isn't bad for you, yeah there's some dads out there. Some say that's that they never believed the hype telling you smoke. Cancer from smoking is just a conspiracy theory for the big chemo big chemos racking in on that cigarette money. It's just obscene and this god-blessed great country we called america, red white and blue eagles swooped down and [ __ ] you up. That was horrifying good. You drove my point point home. You know yeah what the [ __ ] man and I'm telling you. If you don't believe me find if you think, I'm gonna, I'm a liberal duck, because I believe in global climate change, like [ __, ], 95 percent of the world five years, some people lost respect for you yeah. They probably lost all respect for me, which is fine, just chill chill back, put your feet up and wait for the hurricanes to come, get you or the droughts. It's me was a hundred and seventeen degrees in LA last week for five days in a row and I feel is 117, but it was pretty bad. It's just you know you can't what you say. Well, I think it was a 120. That's when you come in you're supposed to support me on this, it was over 110. Can we agree on that? I guess. Thank you. Come on ela! Don't let the facts get in the way for this story, record-breaking Heat I did buy so much bottled water that week huh. Maybe that's [, __ ] anyway, freaking angry Bank PS, and that's not it telling you. The earth does not want us on this planet anymore, earthquake in Mexico 8.1. That is massive. Massive people are dying, structures are falling apart, Alex and Dana we're in Mexico yeah we're like dude. Are you guys dead, they're like now we're pretty far I was like okay, but they felt it yeah from hecka far away, and then here that's not I mean this I can't blame the earth on this one, but there was just a huge solar flare. That's blasted right at the flippin earth. Man look at this. Oh they took the article down low cool solar flare. Just get blasted straight from the Sun hits the earth and it's like destroying satellites, shutting down radios something's going on here. It's a bad sci-fi movie and I'm, just waiting for Bruce Wallace to get on a [ __ ] spaceship and go drill, meteor just I. Don't know, I feel like that. Would save us I think it's gotta be Tom Cruise, but Tom Cruise, whatever I, don't know that Tom Tom Cruise is pretty a list, I'm not sure he's jumped on any meteors anytime soon, I, don't know the scripts. I. Don't know that this this script on this adventures up to snuff. But this is the beginning of a horrible sci-fi movie, maybe like um gosh, who would star in this [ __ ] show like Jean Claude Claude am he's Manning the spaceship to the center of the earth, the punch to punch some like weather demon, who's been [, __ ] too many dudes and creating hurricanes. I mean I, hear I'm talking about conspiracies of water balls, but I don't hear him talking about gays, making hurricane machines me and Justin touched on that. Last week we figured out it's not a lot of Christians, say a lot of Christians. Some people say that all this, these horrible unfortunate things are a result of gay people having sex, but Justin had a really great idea. That's not it's not! It is from gay people, but it's not from them having sex is if they actually have invented technology to create hurricanes, and it's like some Illuminati thing. They do it's not related to sex at all, but it is the gays. It's a new show we're developing. It's called the gays did it anyway. Probably so, don't forget also don't forget that there was the Burbank fires. My sweetie Kelly's on fire, too beautiful 117 degrees outside city's on fire, yeah I, said 117, maybe 120 next to the fire hundred fifty the fire was so weird like the day after we heard about it. We were going out in the evening to some friend's birthday party and we took an uber at night and while we're driving to a party, we drove by those hills- and you just see like heels, red fire yeah, that was a trend. I was so weird. It's like yeah we're just driving to a party and his fire right. There right I saw- and that was like three days after and we're just driving by were like. Are there hills still on fire? Yeah like okay dope la in the summer? I saw this really amazing picture. Actually that truly truly amazed me and I think you'll love. It too dare I, say fascinated me fascinating. That was good you're, getting much better on that I found it really fascinating. Look at this picture! This is a real [ __ ] picture there on a golf course plane and there's a enormous. That's exactly how enormous fire going on the mountainside. This is real Dan. This is what I was feeling exactly. These people are just like watching a movie or some [ __ ]. This doesn't even give a [ __ ], even incredible right anyway, all right, let's, let's, let's cheer it up, I've got all kinds of fun stuff planned, so keep those donations coming y'all. You can still get all kinds of good news, we're at 160,000. Let's get it to 200. You got down last enough, there's more and Fupa writings, oh yeah, any good, any new food, so the Eman is actually some really positive. News came out of that that stream, I'm, actually really proud of of us- are proud of. The team took a lot of work to put that together and I'll. Even congratulate Ian. The intern he's been doing an amazing job. Screening calls and I'll even congratulate him as much as I don't want to, but every kind of you been doing a really great job and planning that and executing it and I mean I'm really proud of the team we have here. So, thank you all to all of you guys, and so this prank call clip got number two on trending how about how about that [, __ ], but yeah I thought we were blacklisted, but in this video was actually trending like this [ __ ] went kind of viral yeah. We saw Vice writing about it. I saw some articles who's here there. It got ripped off on Facebook, coffees, yeah, no I love when people are like we're doing this for charity and they'll rip it off and not even put the link to charity. It's like you monster god anyway, that was that was pretty cool. That was exciting. Oh did we just get a five hundy. What else Joey salads? Actually I wanted to call Joey? If you guys didn't know if you saw last week's episode, but we Joe is such a legend. He calls me when he heard about our charity stream, and it's like hey I, want to do something to help you guys out how about I spray myself and the face with mace and I'm like this is what this show is all about, and so we had this idea that I wanted to. He couldn't do it in the building. Obviously, so we had this idea to stream it and watch it on our show, live and actually just worked out so good and the fact that it was Justin Justin was the executioner, was a wonderful wonderful twist and I know he was actually suffering quite a bit. He took that right in the eyes he had mentioned that he intentionally opened his eyes because he wanted it to be legit yeah. That was him writhing in pain. Let me call him: let's see, how is he doing you guys? I mean he did it. He did a great thing for the for the nation for the Fupa nation. I want to make sure that he's thanked for that hey. What up, Joey you're on the air yeah hold on one second [ __ ] sake. Every time with him, I'll just sit here quietly all right, hey. How are you feeling dude I feel great, really energized I'm gonna. Do it again? Uh-Huh then, will you play that sound? How are you feeling in that moment was that a genuine, like regret, I thought I was gonna, die, I, don't know I one point: I wasn't able to breathe, and if you look, you can see me like panting. Did you see the super slow-mo footage? Yes, yeah yeah, there's some good screenshots that well anyway, I didn't realize how I didn't realize how much I was yelling at Justin. I was reviewing the footage now. I was really I. Don't think anyone took it personally, but I love. The idea of just being angry I mean he just he just sprayed you in the face. Like you wanted right yeah did he go harder than you thought he would cuz? He did hold it down for a good amount of time, even though, like I tried footage. There's, like one part, I slightly open my eyes like a tiny drop, and then it just you got I guess is that slow-mo front is gonna, be updated or uploaded somewhere. It is up right now play it. I'll put it on after this call. Yeah I noticed when Justin was spraying you. It was a good long, sustained spray, like almost as if you were an attacker, and he was trying to thwart you yeah right, yeah I know he's always constantly worried about that and I and I know. When you came back to the office, you were I know your eyes were seemed fine, but you're, saying your skin hurt work wasn't contacted. I was all the milk in this canteen solution on my eyes, I neglected my skin, so all that upper spring seeps into my skin is somehow I trimmed down to my general region. Oh thanks: my arms were burning for the entire day after and then yeah for, like a day and a half afterwards, I was still like coughing up from some type of spread, like it was filling my usual cavities not having like cough like spicy coughs, start coughing well, I just want to check in make sure you're, okay and once again thank you, you did a you did a great thing. Man I think that was one of the highlights of the whole show and I think see that one speaks me over just yeah I, don't know, I, don't know that one I don't want you to actually die that would that might kill the bus. I'll get a cop friend of mine to do it. If you go get a medic, if we can get a medic and a trained professional yeah, we could. We could give you a little bit of a zap yeah, okay I think are pretty low. Okay, good! It's like like below temper yeah yeah, but as long as it's below 50 I think we'll be fine. Okay, all right thanks again Joey you're, you're, a champ and definitely the MVP of the day, so appreciate you, buddy yeah, all right. Thank you. Talk to you. Bye-Bye I saw all these great comments about that. He was bathed and pepper and milk and absolved of his sins I hadn't, no man that clip of him just dumping milk on his face. I, don't know that that is a thing like I know in your mouth baby, but I'm not sure the act of just dumping gallons of milk on anyway I was counting on him that he did the research. So it's Joey he's a salad head. He he took a little ranch, a little pepper, but it's good so turns out. Ranch and pepper. Milk is a good salad dressing. So anyway, thank you to the legend that is known as the salad master um. What else is good-bye-ee? Are we doing any any notable donations? Dan? Nobody wants to give us any money. Today, oh they're different money, I'm having trouble getting into the backend of tilta Pfizer, we're overloading them again tilt to 5mm. We passed 116 yeah, we're past 160, actually, listen! Tulsa fine I know they're, like a charity organization, but at the same time, you're freaking, gotta, step it up. Dude mm-hmm, goddamn people. Our blood is on your hands till to fire. I, don't want to say you're killing people, but the blood is on your hands. I do feel bad for people if we're gonna miss it while we're alive. Oh we're going to know, and you know, and our big charity stream. It was down for like two or three hours in the middle of our charity drive and worse than that, I was sobering up from being blackout, drunk and I'm sitting here, half brain-dead and I can't even I. Don't even have a crutch, not anger about the donations, I'm angry. What you did to me: okay, alright, let's let's, let's get to the good old top of the month top of the week um. Also there was that screenshot. If you check your email me yeah, then then some an article where they refer to us as H - H -, which email Daniel yeah. You know what email him on yeah I sent it to the one: I, don't see it! Oh there it is okay, just came in oh yeah. This was pretty ridiculous freaking. This article is called during a recent appearance on youtuber H - H - production's podcast roiland prank, called Austin's church prayer line, H -, H, -, I'm. Sorry, what who wrote this crap? Thank you. Why don't you chew your own way out of here with your H -, H -? How would you even draw that conclusion? It was actually a Nerdist that posted that The Nerdist, H, -, H, -, Jesus I- think they corrected it. Is that just like a goof on us or this I feel like you have to be an intentional goof like it got him less than three? Maybe it is well I just got slammed sorry. Sorry, the Nerdist freaking trigger over here they're, so angry. All the time now I'm just more angry mm-hmm, alright, let's, let's lighten it up. Let's get off this. Let's watch some videos top of the week classic here check this [ __ ] out. This was taken I. Don't know why this one just gets me and tickles me in the best way possible dude- and this is probably a modern-day video dude- is Anna library recording some QT on his flip phone [Laughter]. The guy's got a face like someone who wouldn't be looking at adult females. Are you would in a library, quite okay, yeah he's got that face. He's got a twist to it. Yeah yikes, there's sound in it too, by the way it's totally quiet, but that is the actual sound like you can hear him. Stepping like that smile, hey, hey! How are you nice to see you? Oh man, that guy's got to work on his um guy's got to work on his minimize timing. So what was he doing? Taking a picture of a picture from there? Yes are? You may have been filming it? It's a video. The picture probably was take a picture now yeah. It was probably a picture. He was like thinking it's Tom. Well, I thought it was a video cuz he's really taking his time, but I guess he was just very serious about the art and photography in that in a library. So shout out to that guy who was probably off somewhere given having a nice old fat said that to their library, to that sweet young lady, shout out to a library and shut up to the guy who just silently, walked up to him recorded him and then silently walked away, wonderful stuff here, guys, hey the world, isn't all death and destruction. Hmm you've got some other people out here doing some interesting stuff. This one I just feel bad, but it's also a laugh. This is taken from some kind of kid show. Trivia show on BBC. Have a look. Today. Is world geography? Well, geography! You will decide in your airs. Who's gonna go first, who's gonna go second and whoever's going. First, please step up to the podium [Music]. Okay, let's find out slow-mo after this 100 people, 100 seconds, to name as many countries that end with two consonants, as they could countries that end with two consonants Richard consonant. You know that is second on Val, so pretty much anything with land. At the end, it's a bit of a trick. Question I'm gonna skip through all this, but anyway she he gets to the first contestant in it are you max volume turned up all the way and it's still pretty quiet. Let me check yes, I am yes, yes, Paris, that's rough stuff, I mean besides, obviously not being a country. It doesn't do that. It also doesn't have two consonants up in I feel bad for really, but the game show hosts really her partner. Just looks horrible I'm really really do boy? Really? Don't worry, don't worry, don't worry, do not worry about it. We can't go back. This is life. Don't worry, hey I wouldn't be at all surprised if several 100 scorers in this round and B, it's always tough. Getting on that first podium. So I'm. Sorry to put you under that pressure, sir Paris, that's a cute move on just let her stop living in that moment, I'm! So sorry, everyone else is gonna [ __ ], this up, I guarantee for a number of reasons. I feel bad for that poor girl. But it's a laugh and it's a goof and it's most definitely a booth I heard boof. Recently I was a stray. You didn't make that up, no I didn't make up boof I heard somebody say it boo. Still like it's a boof and I was like wait. That's not a word and I looked it up and it's not a word. Boof is not a word, but somebody used it with like almost certainty. So now boof is a work I kind of like it. What would bill mean if it was a word I, don't know I'll try to use it in this part like a buffoon, a booth yeah boof like it was a boof. What does that mean like watching this? Video was a booth all right: okay, here's, the joy, salad, slow-mo, I, love that oh yeah, Otis McDonald does it get sprayed in the face all right, Joey, I love, you I'm, not watching 15 minutes in your vlog [Music]. Somehow the music and the footage is kind of miss mad music. It's like a cooking show. It's like jazzy, jazzy and fresh as chili dumps milk on his face and rides in pain, geez she's in Whiteface right now, yeah. This is I feel like I'm supposed to feel happy I'm in the oven cook. Him up add milk and you got yourself a pepper, salad, pepper, milk, salad. What if Justin just took that pepper spray game? Another blast [Music], oh, oh, oh, oh Charlotte is ready all in the name of charity, taking off the shirt where we are at one, sixty one thousand. Let's keep you still can't see Rewards back there Dan. Let me try again, let's see what til two five 404 not found there. Delta Phi is absolutely poofing right now. Well, I'm, sorry to the people who are donating, we will get you on Tuesday guaranteed it's a bit of a booth. It's just a bit of a boob here today, folks, what else we got here? Okay, it has been an hour. So if you wanted to do oh yeah, we got a doors. Thank our sponsors, I'm sure. Yet here we go. First of all, thank you to our sponsor the always gracious and supportive Dollar Shave Club they've been with us for a long time. I appreciate them. I love these guys. Man. Let me tell you about Dollar Shave Club, their razors are off the chain, the only ones that don't give me razor burn and there's nothing I hate more. They gettin burned by a razor. It's like you, shave your neck and it's just like totally flipped for a whole week, yeah and then by then you have hair again and it's all itchy mm-hmm but I, don't know Dollar Shave Club we've got these great razors they're, just great lots of blades, um and they're doing a basically they've got right. Now you can get the shave butter, the body wash what well. This is a new one, one wipe Charlies butt wipes. What's that that's I'm telling you that's real! That's awful right now! It says here in your first box, you will receive their shave, butter body wash and one charli's butt wipes and you well. First of all, I didn't know they are including butt wipes. Well, let me tell you I, don't have to tell you about how much I love wet ones, always end with a wet one. It'll change your life in fact, ela not to be making a competitor to Dollar. Shave Club, but I think we should make our own brand of wet ones because I'm passionate about anyway back to it back. You know back to the point here for a limited type: Dollar Shave Club is basically giving their [ __ ] away showers. Oh this is their motto: [ __ ] shower shave, starter kit for five dollars: that's pretty cute so that that's the meme there for five dollars. This starter set features their executive, razor and three trial size versions of their most powerful popular products that help you stay fresh and clean. Please don't forget one wipe Charlies butt, wipes I, cannot endorse these products and, if I've never wiped with their Wet Ones, but I love, Wet, Ones, life-changing so [ __ ] shower shave kit right here. This exclusive offer is only available at dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3, that's a Dollar Shave Club com, / h3. To get that special offer. Listen guys! These guys have supported us they're the best. If you're in the market for some [ __, ] shave and [ __ ] shower shave, mmm, that's 3-step freshen up hit up dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3! Thank you to them, and next we have hello fresh. You guys know about hello fresh. They do this great, wonderful thing where they deliver to your house, all the ingredients for a wonderful home-cooked meal and the instructions on how to do it. So you don't have to buy anything. They send you fresh great ingredients recently me and ela. Did it and I'm telling you it is going to shock you how fun this is? It's really funny. I thought that when I first heard about this kind of services, I thought like it's gotta, be a gimmick. Absolutely my. If I'm already ordering food I'll just order it, why do I need to go to the grocery store yeah? But it's surprisingly, really cool and fun, because it includes the recipes and sometimes it's stuff, that I would like never think to make yeah, and it has everything you would need for it. So you don't need to, like all of a sudden go buy a spice or certs exactly fighting ger stuff, like I, mean one of the challenges we have when trying to cook meals is like I, don't know what to cook mm-hmm and every week they have new recipes new fun, exciting recipes, no, but seriously they're. It's it's a lot of fun. I've been shocked, I'm actually kept. My subscription live because they sent this one to sample for the spot. I'm like dude. This is this is freaking fun. I'm gonna keep doing it. You're gonna sit down with your loved ones, your friends, your family and have a nice home-cooked meal. You don't have to worry about getting. You know ten pounds of cilantro when you only need three Leafs yeah, we've all been there [Music], so you can receive $30 off your first week of deliveries when you go to hell afresh, calm and use the offer code. Ethan, 30, I'm, not gonna lie it's a strange coupon code, okay. Hopefully that will help you remember it it's my name Ethan 30! That's how much you get off and it's one word. That's a good aloe fresh and use the coupon code. Ethan 30 to receive $30 even is older than 30 he's, not just 30 he's owner thanks for making for being a gist against Miele, fresh Ethan 30. Let's see here what else is there to say? I mean it's great, it's less than $10 per meal. So, once again, if you are looking for a fun new eating experience, they deliver it to your door. They've got like ice, so can sit up there for hours and not go bad. It stays fresh I'm telling you guys give it a shot. You won't regret it. Gosh, okay, go to boot! That's a bit of a booth, go to hello, fresh calm and use coupon code. Even 31 word link is in the description, give it a shot. Thank you to our sponsors, who I appreciate and who keeps this show slammin, and thank you to you. Eula mm-hmm, thanks to you illa. Thank you. Thank you to ela and the h2 issue organization. That's me, that's just me else other than you, for this is one of the other shirts. We have available at h3 h3 shop, duck yeah, go to h3 h3 shop comm to get some of these fresh hot threads fascinating. This is by far the most popular one and I freaking love the design- fascinating, oh it's so loud, and does it have to be so loud? So this is. This is just a sample. We got the final ones being screen printed in it's gonna, be vibrant, it's gonna be beautiful, and let me tell you what else it's gonna be fascinating, fascinating, I found it really fascinating, fascinating I found it really fast. Sorry tone it down anyway. So if you want to support the show and get some cool shirts head on over to h3 h3 shop, calm note about those those should go out and about a week or like 10 days. These we haven't started production of them yet which we're starting Monday so we'll get those out to all you guys as soon as possible. Thank you all so much and now back to the podcast and to twitch subscribers, like you, I love, doing like a PBS classic like interviewers. Like you all right, you know what I'm talking about I do but I just don't know. If it's working yeah yeah it's a bit of it's a bit of a bill, just Boop that one up pretty badly welcome back to the h3 podcast live welcome back. We are going to take some calls from supporters. Like you, we've got a bunch of videos on deck. We are raising money, we're at one hundred and sixty one thousand three hundred and fifty two dollars nice. Nobody else wants to write on my neck. Listen you think. Like last week, I just went home and showered I actually have a ton of errands to do today after the show. No I'm gonna be like Home Depot, with a swastika on my forehead, and you know something we're not accepting so I. Think I know this nothing about saying you could humiliate me all day for me or $500 Dan. What are you doing? Saros, just like a stamp to Ethan from George thanks thanks man, we got water, listen, I, told dance specifically, I said I know we're in the pocket of big water, we're in the pocket of big bottled water, don't bring it on when I'm talking and this show about global warming. It's a total conspiracy and he completely just blew my cover that is fired. You're fired 10 get out when we're done with the show [Laughter] I'm pissed, George Soros is funding my bottled water habits, mm-hmm all right guys. Let's take some calls. Let's see. What's good, we have got epochal X. Who is now live hello apocalypse talk to me baby. What's good, bye, I'm, good man? How are you so I wanted to know? What's the what's the hardest thing about doing the live, show, and is it a big change of pace from from doing YouTube videos? Oh that's a great question. Thank You Man appreciate you. Yes, the answer is a big yes Wow. The live shows is rough. Well, you do it I guess the most obvious difference is when you filming videos for YouTube, you get the luxury of editing right, I mean usually we'll film for like an hour and down to ten minutes and I've always said I'm, not that funny. It's just the editing and I truly think one of my best qualities as a video maker is my editing ability, I think I'm, a good editor. So it's like it's a completely different skill to come on here, live and just know that it's all going up and there's you know, and it's just it's so much more me yeah and you're, so much more vulnerable to people's judgement, because you always see comments like oh you always talking over the guest or you're, so ignorant and [ __ ] like that, because you're just talking you're off-the-cuff you just having a conversation, you're chilling with people when you hang out with people, you talk over each other, a lot you know, and it's just a completely different skill set I. Think that's one of the reasons why it excites me too, is because I feel, like we've, gotten pretty good at making videos on YouTube by now- and this is just a completely different- it's a completely different field. We're learning to run a show, we're learning to present ourselves live it's a it's a whole new terrain here, so it's horrible, but it's exciting, because it's different and it's weird like I, feel like people are noticing every little thing about it. It's weird like one for two or three hours. You don't think about what you do and it's just funny to see. Like people notice, you know you like little habits or write. Weird things that you do. I have trouble watching myself on the podcast I can't watch I, can't I, don't watch it usually on YouTube I have no problem watching myself back, but on the podcast, it's like, oh, my god, my Tourette's is like so obvious, and you know, and when you're sitting with somebody and you end up talking over them in your mind, it feels like a conversation but in the vaad you're, just like you, [ __, ] idiot. Just shut up, you know, I mean sometimes I'll watch myself and just be like shut up, stop talking, but you don't think about it. That way. In your head, yeah and short, it's made me hate myself quite a bit more, all right, um. We have got on deck with us today, Chris man Freddy. What's good, doggy yo, what's up man hey? How are you I'm doing good, so uh? Listen! My question is: if you could live in any video game movie or TV universe, what would it be all right, thanks, dude appreciate it I'll see your my spirit in Oh lady appreciate that sounds like a fish I'm into that um, okay, I, cut him out spirit, animal and I started getting or I was like half chubs already and I feel like I just took a Viagra. What was the question any movie, TV show or a game: do you want to live in right? I? Would love to live in? Oh man feel like every game is just like dystopian nightmare I would want to be in Mario Sunshine. What about you, you can I mean, can I be a shape and live in Tetris yeah the best shade, that's a cute that everybody loves them. Then why do you uh? That's why you're so beloved by everybody? Actually I do have a real answer: Star Trek, I love the Star Trek writers. It's a utopian world money doesn't exist, anymore, robots, yeah, I've, taken over all the tasks, everybody has a basic universal income and they pursue themselves to the Arts Star Trek. Thanks for the question all right, what else we get here? Let's move it harm its show. Um. This video gave me a giggle shoenice, you guys all know. Shoenice he's got this [ __ ] he's got this raging hate boner for us yeah. We have a whole story with him. I, don't remember what happened like. Maybe you should yeah give people versed happen when we made it a video about feeding the homeless, because that was a huge fad with pranksters and shoenice had a video where he was feeding the homeless and it's just hilarious to include shoenice in some way, and he has this one where he buys. Like a Big Mac for a homeless person or is a whopper and I wasn't really even making fun of him I just like look, shoenice is handing out whoppers, guys, uh and ever since then, he's just been obsessed with us and I was thinking about having him on the podcast because he's just such a wild Christ such a lunatic getting to come in here to eat some deodorant or something, and he was like I'll, be in LA in a couple of weeks or next month, or it was very open-ended. I was like okay, well, I'll, let you know and I, and we were just like man- I, don't know cuz. He started talking about like weird anti-semitic. He was like going on a really weird, kick and I'm, pretty sure he's drunk all the time and we're like I don't want him Ida. My biggest concern was I. Don't want him in this office not only because I'm afraid he's gonna try to kill somebody, but I also, don't trust him with the address. I think he would like posted on Twitter immediately just out of a drunk vengeance, and so he ever since, like we never got back to him, he's been on this like absolute ramp east, he gets drunk he's done this about 20 times makes this like rambling anti-semitic ramble, and then he erases it when he Sobers up this is this one's called shoenice anti-semitic, rant, attacking ethan ela from h3 that wasn't his title. His was probably something like Ethan's, a dirty Jew from a Chester yeah, but these are pretty entertaining and I'll. Tell you what, but it's so funny. All that happened was that we discussed maybe doing a collab or podcast I. Don't even remember something right. It was just in an email and then we just didn't. We just never followed up like that, and since then he just just hates us like that tweets and videos, and he called you like us. Yes, this gang whatever and go back to Israel classic stuff, yeah, so I'm kind of into like shoenice hate videos, and it's it's so surreal to be in this because we used to watch his videos yeah like years ago, him slamming Barza deodorant even he's drinking paint with light in it, which may you know, explain his descent into madness, all the led, but other than that. It's just it's great I mean it's funny. It's a it's a really been a hero's journey for us from watching shoenice blend a shoe and eat the scraps to being on the receiving end of a anti-semitic rant. That's a really magical I mean we really I almost want a high-five. So without further ado, let's enjoy little punk-ass [ __ ] millionaires between their YouTube accounts and come on and make a video like Ethan's, giving filthy Frank some dollars. This video was uploaded like a couple of days ago and he's talking about the homeless. One wish we made like two years ago and then he's gonna rip on me, Ethan in ela. What is it? Ela [ __, ] Bigfoot, whatever you guys, are gonna, sit there and rip on the smaller youtubers feeding the homeless. Ethan go [, __, ] yourself seriously. Eight 3x3 is overrated and he got a bunch of robot [ __ ] people watching you [ __ ], your wife. She looks like why are you tequila lady's obsessed with the yeah, with insulting you specifically and here's the best insult girl 4:20? She looks like custard over 4 to 1 for real suck, my dick dude 3 the homeless and she [ __ ] Jew I love the twist anti-semitic at the end. I can held it down to the very end and then it's like feed the homeless. You a cheap, [, __, ], Jew love it yeah. It's gossip. Do you look like custom group 4:20? Maybe we have like long hair and let me get them you I mean. Maybe he's really funny. I mean that's a great as a really great insult Wow, actually battalion customer, oh yeah, like huh. Does that mean you look like metalli? We all have to ask you nice about this. I think he would be an interesting podcast guest, but I would want like legit security. I would want him patted down before he entered and I probably caught ya handcuffed well have to restrain him it'll, be like a scene out of Silence of the Lambs. Where he's just sitting in a chair will have to muzzle and put a mask on him. It'll be fun. He was saying that he's live on YouTube right now. Was he watching mm-hmm? Let's, who he's talking about Shh shoenice? Why YouTube? Let's see, let's get deep into this guy's, these shoenice eating a cactus? Oh yeah, he's live screw reddit, you can't donate YouTube, doesn't allow that smoke. There's a modern orange I, don't know somebody that moderate [ __ ] and if you start getting stoned, they cut off the donation, but at the bottom we've all been there. Yeah we've all been there Thanks all right, we've all been there. You know when you're doing a live stream and you get two stones, so they turn off the donations. We've all been there, hey yeah, alright, here's another story, a little [, __, ], weird one man. This one creeps me out kind of look. I know this one's about animal cruelty and I know I'm a meat-eater I eat a lot of meat, so I on one hand, need to acknowledge the irony of me complaining about animal abuse, but this [ __ ], just really surprised me. They have genetically modified foxes. There's this one here or this one Fox called a blue fox or something and they've actually modified its genes to grow freakish amounts of fur. All like like you would do. It seems so unethical, like you, would do to like um a corn, a piece of corn or something to give it more yield. They're doing the same thing to living animals me as I. Guess they do it to chickens and cows to like it's, it's really, and so they they make their first so freakishly large that they can't even move. They have chronic pain. Look at these poor guys Mandy! So so how does it happen? Someone's brain like thought of this? It's basically like dr. evil and really good yeah I'm ruined yeah. Oh damn that wolf has beautiful skin. Let me make it completely immobile and have and live in full agony until it's put to death and skinned alive, but okay, and if you see that jacket- and you know that that's what it took to make it, do you still want that jacket, I. Think the real thing is people don't want to know how it's made yeah I'll tell you I, don't want to know how my meat is processed because I wouldn't I want it's hot. It's tough, I'm, very conflicted on the whole animals thing because I on one hand, am admiring people who are vegetarians for the purpose of preventing animal cruelty, but I I like eating me. It's a good source of of nutrition I'm, just really hoping for a day when it becomes more cost-effective to grow it in a laboratory. I used to be a vegetarian until Ethan ruined me, I [, __, ] up and [ __ ] up the world now sheets me because I know you're too damn skinny, not a meat person. You go through waves yeah. She still won't eat bacon, she's, a good Jew she's, not she's, not in her blood to bake I. Just don't like it. It's not about I'm telling you it's gotta, be because everybody loves bacon, it's very unusual to not like bacon and, frankly it's on American and I'm, pretty sure when you go to convert your green card to a full bloating citizenship, they're gonna say, eat this bacon and rate it on one to ten, and if you give anything below 7, they may not grant you that citizenship card I'm not saying that. Okay, let's open up they are. He loves you. When you give him attention now, you're sure you can he's a pretty talented, now we're better than fine and for those reasons I'm out sorry. This is so right all right. Let me say: let me say: no, it's not too late. Let me talk to you straight to you shoenice, okay, it's too late for me, I'm, going back to Israel, go back to Israel! You got to her. You did this. This is straight to you, nice. We didn't really make fun of you on that yeah I, just included! You for texture. We even said that it was the center of YouTube and we called you the moral center of you. We said when shoe night's is the moral center of YouTube is doing altruistic acts of handing out whoppers. Then you know that shit's a low off kilter, we were nice I wanted to collab I wanted to have you on the podcast and hang out with you, but you start acting like a lunatic. You scare me, you scare Allah, not me, but I'm, saying you're, just a little unhinged dude, like I, like you and I, think you'd be an interesting guest on the podcast. But it's like one minute. You love us and then the other minute. It's you know, I wish you were in the World Trade Centers when they collapsed. I wish you didn't, get the memo from George Soros about the bottled water. Anyway, let's see what else he's talking about I can't I can't look away anyway. He's interesting he's entertaining she may I call you shoot mr. Shue more nice. The shoe is good, more nice. That's all I'm, saying, okay! So anyway, the the we were talking about these, these mutant foxes, so these foxes are grown in laboratories and cages and their and their fur reportedly is being used by the top fashion. Companies in the world, like I I, can't say specifically who, but basically all the big expensive fashion lines are harvesting fur from these beautiful animals and just putting them on coats. I don't get fur anyway, I mean I, don't know if I can see that because it like I like I, get leather. How often do you get better one pair but I have like leather shoes right so I just don't know, where's the moral where I can be like. Oh I, don't like this, but I'll wear leather shoes. I think it is different, but even even if you tell me that, like my purse, is fake leather I wouldn't mind it so I know I, don't know why people want to go that far cuz. You have all kinds of fur, but this is obviously, like you mean fake fur yeah this fake, there's I mean the fascia is almost indistinguishable yeah at this point, which is why I feel like you need to go like seek this cuz, you would pay for it. You pay a lot yeah these jackets. They use their fur I'm talking tens of thousands of dollars, you pay for it. You lose right, but out nothing. I, guess with me: it's like I eat beef, so using leather is kind of the same things like you're eating, the cow might as well use the rest of it. Do you want to go vegetarian no I mean I. Would like the idea. I would, if you do somehow I feel like if I went, vegetarian I'd be even fatter. No, you wouldn't I would just be a monster. I do I. Do like the idea of going your vegetarian I always have I. Just don't know. I have the strength to UM. To do it anyway. I couldn't go, vegan vegan is I, don't Deacon's too far cuz then I'll really have nothing to eat, and that's all like cheese and like eggs, no I think veganism is too far you can. You can peacefully have a symbiotic relationship with animals like you can harvest honey without harming because you can harvest eggs without harming chickens like you know, there's good, sustainable ways to do it without cause suffering to the animals. I think veganism is too far. What else don't they eat? I mean you? Can you can get milk from cows in a way that they're happy with with that? You know that they're not suffering so I, don't know, I. Think that's the little too far about any what the [ __ ] do. I know it's just my thoughts here check this video up. This guy put this thing together was uh. Really really good in celebration of h3 is a legal victory for fair use. This guy is in deep with the meme, because he's the unoriginal is from our and roll from long ago. You added this to the playlist right and this guy. Every meme [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] good. What's his name, how people go? Can you post a link to this? Dude's name is Dalton Anderson on YouTube Dalton. This is so good head him up. Dalton I, just sucked a yeah by EE yeah. That was really really a lot of fun. There's another one. Somebody made another Pharaoh made two dude. He went all out, I feel like I'm, not worthy yeah, I'm, not good enough, so weren't that man, that was really awesome. Dalton yeah cool, ass, [ __ ], but you should call in oh yeah. Can we get Dalton on the phone dad Edie someone reach out to him? I'll be em. Call him right away. Let's get him right on the phone I hear being ironic den and I'm gonna fight your dad a deal after that should not in your job description. Can't fire you until then cuz I need you being ironic, is not in the job description. Look over your jobs. Do you see irony two strikes: there's no irony giving you in ten minutes to get up on the phone: okay, okay, fair enough Ian! But now your ex is on the line you're an intern you're expendable. You get as many of those as we need great great guys. I love them both, but don't cross me oops all kinds of cables here, ank you there's this another one here. This really great family, but I. Think me and heal are gonna. Do a reaction to it on her main channel, so I'ma hold off till now, but it's really cool yeah I'm talking hehe now. Is it great yeah, it's powerful stuff, I'm, not worthy man, not worthy. What else this one? This is probably one of my all-time favorite cringe videos. I know, you said you didn't really I feel it's not my favorite I. Don't know for me this one really is just what it's all about. Well, let me break it down for you, you look as I feel like you must be missing something [Music] absolute bonafide hit by the way. How was our fundraiser done, where you guys that or the flip you had won almost 160, so it will not have access to anything. Dan I'll check again right now see if they've fixed their sheet. All right, let me know meanwhile I'm gonna, watch this. Let me break this down for you good. You need someone to explain why this is so great okay, so this dude is scheming on proposing to his girlfriend right now. Okay, yeah mom is going over there completely face-plants yeah I see you laughing okay, no okay, so she completely phase notes here. Do you see into that again? I like they've got a great enjoy it, not even laugh, you're just hurting yeah, your purest and MacPhail mm plug stealing videos from all Crescent. Okay, faceplant now watch this. That's the laughs. Here comes the crap okay nobody's helping her nobody's, helping mom and she's laughing. She looks seriously injured now watch this gets down on his knees as Mama's face-planted writhing in pain and pops. The question will you marry me. Now is the time he thought to himself now he's like I got a plan and I'm sticking to it. Yeah, no matter what happens in between what are you doing? Mom get up mom your daughter's do get your face into the sin. Stop pretending to be her mom like an angry at her and then this guy's actually angry you're telling me this isn't like I know: you're laughing daddy's getting angry, then mom face-planted and this idiot proposed, while she's facing the sand. That's why we're here hope it helps I, chrome, the home 160 mm guys come on people need you better proposal, put it out, which is true, but I didn't fulfill mine and mine went to plan okay. What, then, what do you? What do you say me? Damn Oh for [, __ ] sake, tilta phi is down and they're back end. They are literally have blood on their hands. That's not fair and I. Show you something as a little. It makes me a little angry about this one. Where did it pass? 162? Oh! Thank you guys. Thank all you guys so much. Thank you. Everyone for supporting this, and so beautiful great khans. Tell me. Is this something I should, and this is just my ego. Okay, it doesn't mean anything, but it's a little triggering here. What then we're not in popular campaigns? Oh wait! We are I! Guess it's because it's live right now, but I know we're, but did they remove the that won't [ __ ] me here you go here here: umm, okay, [, __, ] me! Oh right, my bad! They changed it. Now. I made a fool of me, so they had like a list of most popular wish, fundraising and on the top part was like ones with 60 bucks and we're at the bottom, and it's like rate and whatever yeah I'll tell you what it is. They did update the website. Yeah nobody's been working on the damn website. They actually should take more money. They take 5% I, read that that's how they pay for this website. Apparently I. Don't know where that's money going, but it's not the hosting and now I'm angry before you thought. I was angry. Now I'm ready to fight you, nice I'd love to get a giant q-tip and just go on I'm. Almost you, nice chug, a bottle. Oh we're at 162. Was that what I said? And finally, you know there's something I didn't want to talk about. Hey we get I noticed that there's a lot of split and opinions about some of the videos that we choose to react to, for example, our most recent one about digital blackface, and we did the whole white face. Meme and I get a lot of emails and I see a lot of comments and I know that videos like that make like I, don't even want to say social justice warriors, but progressive left people makes them uncomfortable and makes them unhappy. It makes them feel like I'm, not one of them, and they get concerned that when I make videos making fun of social Jose, whereas that I'm in bowling in the alt-right and conservative movements- and they think they start to look at me like I'm the enemy right mm-hmm and they and people I think they wonder why and they don't know where I stand and I want to say. I actually want to talk about that publicly, because I find it really annoying. I have said this many times. I've always identified myself as a very progressive person, socially, economically I'm, very progressive person and I have always been my whole life in college. Barack Obama served two turns I'm. A fan of Obama I voted for him, both both terms, okay and up until recently, like I, think it started happening. Basically, when I finished college. There's this new movement on the left. That is completely tearing my political identity apart and the country's you know it's one thing to make fun of like who what am I gonna, make fun of on the right Nazis running people over. That's not funny. It's horrifying. It's obvious I! Don't need to go, make a video be like this. Nazi ran over people, don't [ __, ] them, there's nothing interesting or funny about that. It's awful! There are horrible people right or you know, people marching around with Nazi flags like and I'm, not trying to compare that which is objectively awful to some some. Some, like cult of outraged people, but first of all it's redundant extremes, yeah, I, guess of the two sides. I mean one is worse than the other. Let me say that not I don't think oh I'll try. It are Nazis, but, like that's like this, all right are Nazis, I, think but I'm, not all conservatives all are right or well anyway, whatever all right or like white white nationalist, that's the movement that he's kind of like they kind of took over there, though I, don't think all of them wanted to be I. Think white, nationally I think the problem is that in the media they started using this term all right as this wide sweeping term to say. Anyone who leans conservative and them I think the real alt-right movement is a white national movement and there's not that many actual people in it. But you look at this concern me say: oh they're, all right, it's the same thing. You know on the left: it happens, your [ __ ], your lib [, __, ] or whatever you know it's like you have this sweeping generalization that just dismisses everybody as problematic your auntie, feh, mm-hmm, right and so on, but on the left you have or your social justice where that social justice warrior is basically the equivalent of all right on both sides used to dismiss people. You disagree with and so I find, first of all social justice warriors or progressives I, don't even know how super progressive left extreme left. Extreme left, yeah like anti-free speech left, seems to be a oxymoron, but they are first of all way more ridiculous in like just what they say and think is just hilarious, to make fun of okay right on the surface value, it's ridiculous, but more than that I find it I. Take it personal, because these are the people that I'm supposed to be identifying. What these are. My political allies and they're they're kind of alienating me they're, ripping my political home away from me with these ridiculous garbage digital blackface and man spreading and all this [ __ ] mess planing mansplaining internalized oppression. All this [ __ ] xarna. It's like you, are dealing in amazing, the whole freakin left and you're empowering the people that I really actually do eight, which is the alt right, an actual Nazis. So like there's, nothing interesting to say about them: their shitty, Nazis, they're, white, supremacist, I, don't believe in that [ __, ], obviously, I hate. It think it's garbage it's unamerican, but you guys are empowering them and you're alienating me from my own home and even beyond that you're, just hilarious you're, a much funnier you're, much easier and funnier to- and it's funny so I just want to say that publicly for once because I seen a lot of [, __ ] like this and they say trade, your empowering you know white nationalist people wondering are you white nationalist enough, obviously not I. They hate me more than anyone, but [ __ ] Jew. Even though I'm a completely secular I. Don't even believe, I'm out atheist, pretty much a agnostic, essentially throwing through us go white, a white nationalist if I'm, white and they'll say hell. No, yet [ __, ] Jew. If you ask the social justice worry if I'm a minority they'll say absolutely not your privilege as it gets, your Jew I mean everybody hates me: I have got no [ __ ] allies anywhere guaranteed and I've got arthritis anyway. So that's my that's my two cents on that I just want to say that publicly for the record mm-hmm the next time somebody has some [ __ ] to say about that. So that's pretty much. Our show today, I do wanna announce that on Wednesday next week, I'm going to Israel for two weeks mm-hmm so Ethan is gonna, be on his own. Do it I am freaking and it's the first time I think then we're gonna be separated for two weeks. I, don't know it's light and separated even for a day since we started like you, moved to Israel before me, yeah. That was it know that but beyond that I don't think mm-hmm even a day. So please take care of Ethan yikes, don't be too mean I'm scared. Do you want a wife, um I'll stage shortly cuz, it's I, don't know. Maybe not do you want me to say yeah Ellis dad was diagnosed with lung cancer and it seems like well anyway, she's just going home to spend some time with her family. It's rough I mean I just want to be upfront and talk about it. So you guys know. What's going on so she's, just going for two weeks spend some time with your family. I'm gonna come stay home and hold down the fort, and that's pretty much it nice, no tension and there's yeah. It's you know it's it's rough out there. Man there's always anyway, send some nice thoughts to her and her dad and I'll just be sitting here. When's your last day on Tuesday, so Tuesday we'll be sharing and Friday Tuesday and then another Friday I'll be here. Solo, probably I'll, cancel over I, guess and I'll just for about an hour or two just stare like this at the camera, just the sneak preview, if you guys thinking of tuning in so anyway. Thank you guys for watching. Thank you all you guys for your amazing generosity, we're at a hundred and sixty two thousand dollars I'm. Sorry. If anyone bought a neck Fupa signing, we won't honor. Those on Tuesday till 2phi apparently wants people to die there till the pie. I suggest hiring one employee just one, and thank you also. Our stream ended abruptly last week, but I wanted to thank Justin roiland and Alex Hirsch and Dana Terrance Terry. How do you say? Terence Terrace, like a balcony and, of course, Joey salads for their help and their contributions and everything I'm super proud of the community and I. Thank you guys. So much for helping us support all this month raise all this money and you can still enter the raffles if you're listening this it'll be open till next week. So that's it for this week guys and we shall see you on Tuesday, appreciate you and Tata [Music].