Welcome everybody to the a slurry podcast live here. We are again thank you so much for joining us. Thank you to stitch, fix, clip expressvpn inaudible for sponsoring this episode in here I sit with you, the finest men alive, the boys, in fact more charitably or ant lovingly yeah boys. Let's say lovingly I like that I want to charitable I. Was you take love, yeah, yeah yeah anyway, Jack films and the common etiquette? God bless them both and the SOI board. Well, I'm, no expert on the matter, I think boys, my favorite insult, like it used to be Chuck, you call people a it's like and whether or not you think it has any power. You get called a no I'm, not yeah the soy boys even funnier, because it's just like directly attacking your testosterone levels, you're, just not a man. You are a soy boy. Who's got soy in your veins and you don't eat meat now what it's the! So it's because you're a vegetarian I thought it's, because soy makes your tits bigger. That's it yeah that's or decreases estrogen right, so he's got. Estrogen apparently has estrogen in it. Wow, that's these guys really know it's a layered term yeah, it's a lot going on. Is it as popular as no like I? Don't think so? Yeah, it's honestly. So it's been on its way for a while. The stock is rising. It's hard to genuinely insult somebody with a phrase like soy boy, yeah. It's somewhat jovial and thrilling I've met more people who, like this shirt for the message of positivity and soy, then I have people who are like. Oh, is it damask you letting to heat soy sauce in these guys eyes? Yes, they're, like soy, sauce I was like over indulges in soy sauce and things was not like. You know. Well, I mean that said. Their cholesterol is probably gonna, be great because that's very high in sodium. That's right, yeah, it's a health thing. It might be a healthy out of them, yeah Jack. How are you god bless welcome here? Thank you. Thank you very um, you're in the Christmas spirit, my dad. What what makes you say that even even your dog, the Christmas hat ception over here Jack's bar I'm, trying to get in the spirit cuz I, was talking with you a little bit earlier, just not in the Christmas spirit. Yet and I, don't know what what that is, because Christmas is my favorite, freaking, holiday and I need to like wake up and get in that Christmas spirit. I, don't know if it's like, just because it's in LA but I mean like that you've LA for eight years that should be from and your previous Christmases have been jolly very very percent dully yeah I'm, usually like writing, music and and now I'm, just kind of like so I'm trying to like really get back in. So what do you think's going on? Why is this Christmas? The jolly levels are a bit lower than previous years. I, don't know cause like what back home we're watching all the all the lifetime hallmark movies, every single one and like each one worse than the one after it it's absurd, but we're doing that we got all the ornaments and stuff. Do you guys get gifts to each other where I think this year, we're not gonna. Do gifts we're just kind of over the gifts thing, but we usually do. Is that part of the problem? That's what it is! No he's like dude he's like dude, it's so much more than that! Well, what does it mean to be in the Christmas spirit, because I'm, a young Jewish boy, Eric? Are you Jewish? No I'm I did I do Christmas, but I'm I'm with Jack I'm, not feeling the spirit right. I thought you were a Jew. Can I say that because you've got your name's milk and your last name is all cut that out. I mean half the comments on my youtube channel. Are people calling me that so everyone gets it? That's almost prevalent, it's soy boy, yeah! Well, they're! All comments do wanna. You know combo, so explain to me a young sweet Jewish lad. Yes, what does it mean the Christmas spirit, because my dad has always been a bit of a Grinch yeah? He and Christmas spirit was taken from me. It helped it helps if you just crank the music out like as loud as you can in every room. You know you do that uh. Well, we have previously sometimes out just like music yeah, just like I like the mannequin. So let me tell you what's Christmas, oh, it's a whole world. Okay, oh it's lovely, I! Think I might get a second Israel like the Hava Nagila. That stuff is not cool, that's because they didn't do an electric violin version of it for like a Sears commercial. Oh, that would help that thing has been playing for like 20 years, trans-siberian Orchestra styling. What it is just kind of like a control is that the band that does it, though it's like I, so I always get them confused, trans-siberian, Orchestra and then there's another one and I'm sure you people guys online. You know I'm talking about get it mixed up, but they were both like very since heavy. You know that one is transfer burns, you nailed it trans-siberian, okay, yeah and that's like they do this. You know very MIDI carol of the bells and that's where they have like the electric guitar yeah I feel like you're getting in the Christmas spirit. Well, you see. Okay, you have it and I, don't know Arirang, no I, don't because when I hear Christmas music on the radio I angry, because I swear to God because, like my favorite station is like I, listen to all these on the radio and then when in November, when, like yeah November after Thanksgiving all the way through the new year, it's the same freaking, Christmas, music and I want to get I. Don't want to hear that I want to hear actual music that I want here. It's just once a year, yeah swallowed up just one month of the year. It's like one twelfth of my whole year doctor right. It was a whole bit earlier. They pick it up a little bit like they've got a figure, they think doing. Christmas Lanka, but there is I, think Hanukkah music is neglected, I mean Paul, McCartney, never wrote a Hanukkah I mean everybody on the Christmas I'm digging into my own. My rolodex surprised me Chris right. No peeling that barn you out a serious song. What's that really famous one he didn't write Hanukkah song, he did write a Christmas famous, we yeah and that one it's I'm gonna claim just for humming it I love, Paul, McCartney, Paul McCartney. I, sir -, you cringe, he is knighted, but that song sucks, I'm, sorry yeah, Wow, Paul McCartney, but that just clone - Paul McCartney's we're not the bullet. Bourbon boys, oh yeah, just gonna, take like hot swings out of that thing. What do you want you guys want? Can we get some glasses in here for the boys? Please? Oh thank you. Just gonna hit that dance and your imagine. It I'm intrigued, though, by your your having what seems to be an existential crisis in your life. Yeah yeah it just just lack of I, just I'm, just in a weird I'm in weird shape. Right now. It's the Christmas thing. It's a whole creativity thing. You know burnout, but it's just it's just figuring out and so mmm I mean sure I've been through. This am I in my personal life, so many times in my career in YouTube, but I'm fascinated by it. It's kind of a self feeding cycle in a sense. Are you getting negative comments from your fans? Is that feeding it or like, or are they supportive there they've lately they've been extremely supportive, very thankful for that, and they just they've been giving me some pretty solid, constructive criticism in the past. Just because my videos, I've just been very stagnant in quantity or a quality I should say. Is that part of the issue for you and then knowing? That is the issue for me, yeah, just like how do I get out of this rut? Cuz, all my videos are like a month ago. All my videos were the same and I hated where I was at, and so it's like I, don't like get out of there, so I'm trying new stuff and getting back in the groove slowly, but it you know it's not perfect, I'm fighting it. What what do you do when you're in a rut, I was when I'm gonna run, yeah I was gonna, say, I run I, don't know what to do. Oh, no I'm, not what's the opposite of a role. You know I'm in a role yeah in a role: you're I'm, gonna roll down the hill. My help one fire you're. Never in a towards a rut. You know you don't roast enough to be in a rod. No that's true! I guess! I would help sir I guess that would help. But why don't you you're, not gonna, post more? That will not happen. Well, I, don't I! Think in my leading you know what would what would help that along is if I had like a studio so right now I film everything in my room right, but if I had like a dedicated space, I could go to and film things in hmmm I, just like overthink before I start filming it, which would not give like a place. Would that give you incentive yeah like get out of bed? And you know the work is so weird like because I wake up and then oh that's where I'm going all day. My point, it's just my chair, recreation and work is your personal life. This isn't my bed anymore. This is my tripod yeah I used to be in New York. It was really rough like it's your living room, your bedroom, your work, room, you're, everything. It's nicely one tiny yeah yeah, but you got AC in there. I believe I do finally a but I only got AC but I'm, never gonna use it too offensive or what no I just like being sweaty I'll use it when I'm, editing, yeah but I will say Jack the Will Smith fit you made well yeah, fantastic. Thank you for comments. Were great. Everyone was very happy that was submit. You feel jolly absolutely that put me in the Christmas spirit right away. That certainly certainly helped. No. That was great like seeing the feedback like. Oh so many comments were like the old Jack is back and that's to me. That's the highest praise, because that's where I'm trying to get back to UM times, I'm, wonder if that's like, because I've been there, people haven't telling me they miss the oldies and forever, but it's like tasting the drag that I hate hearing that even when it's in a good way because right they mean the best. But it's still a thing. Yeah! It's a double-edged compliment you don't wanna! You need to you just it's hard, not to look back, but you kind of have to not yeah you shouldn't it I! Think it's a and B, because well, first, off senses of humor do evolve over time and I found funny five years ago, even two years ago, I don't find funny now or I, find it funny in a different way. Hmm I do feel like sometimes I I got to go back and the archives and figure out what was I doing back then that was that I, just wouldn't even think of. Sometimes it's like that's where he gets well. We know what it was yeah I find when I look back on my old videos. It's not so much that like I was doing something. It's just it's really about the state of mind yeah, because you're in a healthy place. In your mind, you doubt yourself less you question yourself less and you're, when you're I find that when I'm in a better headspace, I'm, always making better stuff, so I found that it's very much about how I'm feeling, rather than something specifically I'm, doing you kind of like just fearlessly just like making moving on yeah I like that I like that I I just get in these, like that's a good way to put it because I do I paced around the house like all day. It's just it's! It's sad. Are you just trying to think of ideas, yeah and I'm, talking to myself fleshing out ideas and jokes? Is this funny? Will this work and yeah being in the right state of mind, I think would work wonders? Are you in therapy? I am not in therapy personally but army. It's been huge yeah because I've been in a rut and I always thought of therapy, as some like I was like dude it and smell your own [, __ ]. Why were out at therapy but I swear to God? It's helped me a lot and I think it actually helped me get out of my rut, because there's so much other going on it's it's hard to it's really so hard to step out of yourself and see what's the actual problem. So all the times, the real problem is not something that you are addressing or even aware of, and that honestly has been really valuable to me. How once a week twice yeah I go once a week. He tells me I need to come twice a week, but he's like you really ought to come twice a week. You're up need your therapy. Are you have it's great you're cured? You know it's like it's like pausing, your Netflix subscription, [Laughter] yeah. There shouldn't be a stigma about therapy, even though that you know people like to put one there just because it's like well I'm not going to one so I must be good. Then, a week later, like their grandma dies and like you might want to unravel that yeah yarn yeah are you? How is there a reason you haven't considered therapy or you just felt like you haven't needed it? You know I, guess the latter I've just never put much the thought into it. It's not that I don't believe in it, because I absolutely would do me good. It's just one of those I just haven't pursued it because it's a whole thing. It's a whole thing: yeah and I I'm not and I'm, not knocking it. I'm sure I could I could absolutely benefit from it. I just I, don't know, I feel like I, gotta figure, I, don't know. I, say I got to figure it out, but I know therapy would help me well. The thing is: I was stuck in a rut for so long and I was I was just I was like super irritable and I was super. Just like, like I, was always trying to get out of it and run and run and run and I was just running like in a hamster wheel. I, don't know if this is your situation. I'm totally on my own person, but I felt like I, was in a hamster wheel for like a whole year. Just right, I was getting worse and worse and worse, yeah and so I just had like a breaking point where I started taking medicine and started going to therapy and I think that was like three months ago, but I tell you life-changing. That's fantastic man. I guess I mean what was the stories we miss coming on. The show actually I hear I'm laughing back I love that one okay, yes, the last time I went to him he's like I, really think you should come twice a week. Don't it's too much yeah you gotta push down somewhere, yeah Wow holy, so I'm not supposed to drink alcohol, but I'm. Also don't wanna, be a Grinch. Well, either. Definitely can't drink. All guys. She's got a bun in the middle of and you're, not drinking she's, not drinking I'm, not drinking. That's my cuz, apparently on antidepressants you're not supposed to drink alcohol, but does anyone really care about that? I apologize? Well, here's me and Jax therapy. Bad luck did not Cheers another alcohol, drink, yeah I know so pregnant women yeah look something I just avoid ladders. That's all I'm, gonna, say: okay, wait! Who curse? - did I curse you, or did you curse me well, I have the alcohol, so I think you I think all right. You guys wanna watch some video some enough for this uh show me them videos yeah! What's that, what's good on the what's good on the boob tube man, have you seen YouTube rewind, hmm YouTube rewind? What's that okay, yep, actually I haven't seen that I, okay, so I think yeah. What the is in there for me, do we watch together is that old news, mmm I feel like everybody. Might you want my password I mean we can get Eric's live reaction? Are you through? That's pretty special, oh just be staring into this camera like it's. The office, the whole yeah, oh I, do want to make a couple announcements before we proceed. Tuesday's our big annual charity stream with Justin roiland Alex Hirsch, we've got it bigger and badder than ever so and also post Malone is donating. A smash guitar signed for the raffle as well as many other items. Joey salads is here: he's gonna eat, progressively hotter peppers at every milestone. We have a little kiddie pool full of milk. He's gonna, put on a life vest little rubber, duckies and a whole scuba gear, sit in a pool of milk and eat progressively hotter peppers, all the way up to Carolina, Reaper and I think we should know he's flying in for this yeah. This is a big event. This is huge, can I be the set medic? Also on Friday. We want to do the best and worst of the h3 podcast it's gonna, be it's gonna, be rough. Send your submissions to podcast at HBO reproductions, calm for your best and worst. So, let's skip let's skip YouTube rewind, let's uh! Oh! This is amazing. So this year you guys are gonna. This is amazing. Mark Wahlberg! You know it's funny to see Mark these days cuz we saw him recently in a in a movie with Tom Segura was in that movie the instant family and it's a great movie, and it's such a wholesome fun and he's got this wholesome vibe now mm-hmm. But here's Mark back in the ninth like real goofy, pretty boy, listen how he talks. He throws on like an accent. Oh I think he dropped. Some wine in here that is will become. Iconic goes out to my man, Calvin Klein good, looking out for the drawers not saying I would do another Fruit of the Loom commercial or nothing like that. Cuz. They don't make the hype shorts. These these are the nineties man. They just fit good and they hold hold me snug. So I'm about to go, get some skins. I'm, not gonna, put on like no silk underwear. Oh she's got freckles, it's like a YouTube prankster who she got freckles. She got freckles wait. It gets better. There's no music I definitely got like a sock in his pants. Look at that lump looks like he's, got a big one. You think you know. Yeah, not that big, it looks like an eggplant. That's crosses a look at that shudder. I, don't think it's supposed to fit like a diaper, dude Mount Vesuvius, though man, but here we go the real it's what they removed the music to make it awkward. Alright, this is this really the 90s, that's just how they did it yeah my money on mark. This is real yeah like a real lack. Yes, oh and here comes no the best protection against aids just to keep the Cowan's on that's protected against AIDS, keep your Calvin's on well. Does that mean if he puts his dick through the hole, then here doesn't get AIDS? Maybe it's the kind that doesn't separate. You know, that's there's so many things wrong right! Well, yeah sure we can unpack. Mostly, you could still get AIDS with those on I guarantee. You, like the AIDS scare of the 90s yourself underwear, go. You got put on your couch, your baby. Let me you, through my Calvin's, full body. Calvin's best way to prevent AIDS is heat. It on your couch. I guess, he's saying: is he promoting celibacy? Is that what he's doing what is that like not having sex keeping his undies like flirting with her yeah yeah right? So the message doesn't make sense because he's absolutely promoting celibacy and yet, at the same time he just wants a hand guy yeah, that's the line they cut out at the end, this way to prevent AIDS, get a hand guy I'm, Martin Martin. Oh another, take okay, oh okay, that wasn't. That was, you know like what is Nancy Reagan need me to say right seriously or wait. Who was it that was cuz, guys, remember like in sex ed every time it was like? Okay, here's the different steps of protection you can take, but really don't have sex right. Absolutely. What's the congregation I'm I had some wild lessons and sex ed. Did you guys, like I, had one teacher I had a lot of conservative teachers I, don't know why one teacher had told our whole class straight up. She said guys. Women do not enjoy sex. I'm telling you right now. The female orgasm is a myth. Whoa doctor told her whole father, she's, like women, do not enjoy sex and I had watched a lot of porn in my life by then and I was like. That is not the impression I got I know porn over sells it, but I was really comma ties, because I was like whoa like what a terrible forget it yeah. So just you know get yours all right, I mean I. Guess her point was that you put it into make a baby, and then you take it out right. She got that across it was it the abstinence yeah that was what they always called it in sex. Ed I went to he abstinent Catholic middle school, and that was absolutely all. They tell you about condoms at all. They did, but they were heavily frowned upon. Just just don't do like. If you absolutely have to sin. Yes, they put like fish hooks through. It is how they come yeah. We call it. These are condoms, aka, Satan's hand, Satan's mouth right, they heat up real hot, they burn you and the only other 50% success rate. Yes, don't try children, we call these Satan's butthole. It's like putting your dick and Satan's butthole when he put a condom on. He was great he's there. What was sex had like in Israel? It was like what they teach you and I mean not like a one time session. They're just like here we go guys person, someone would come like not the teacher. Someone else would come, they demonstrate and oh yeah it's like straight out of like freaks and cakes, yeah I. Don't really remember it was very short and everyone was feeling awkward, yeah I remember. They showed us gnarly pictures of like STD ridden penises, really that oh yeah, like an unbelievable overhead, projector yeah, there were like real pictures like a penis like the only way can describe. It is like a lion's mane of chlamydia. There were always the illustrations, not good. We only got a yeah. If it was, we got illustrations. Jack would be in the Christmas spirit clear with the sitch the situation. I know ii ii ii touch yeah. So what about the celibacy? Yeah yeah? Of course there I'm sorry of the situation yeah well, so it was a sweet message. Cuz you had on one hand, what's her name: the girl who ran with McCain Bristol Palin yeah Sarah, Palin's daughter, who has like three kids at a wedlock advocating for celibacy and then then uh she might actuator get it like that, might get people to be celibate I mean you're a hypocrite, but don't go. Let's see these, we may have watched it on the podcast, so we have washing. You did a long time ago. Yeah yeah! You guys know that if he'd call Mark Wahlberg Marky Mark, he gets really mad. No I didn't like that. Oh really, but that should be like a term of endearment like what it's a nickname, I. Think it's like a rebranding thing he's just like oh shot, I named ed. By the way you know when he was young. He like beat the of a Chinese guy blind, yeah gotten a lot of trouble made some dude blind right. I, don't I! Think he's like he's handled that by just like burying it, but like it keeps coming up every couple of years on reddit really today, I learned Marky Mark nearly killed. The guys did. You know he's the one with the crazy schedule right: yeah, I'll, stir it out mister 3:00 a.m. yeah, I, don't get you don't have to wake up at 3:00 a.m. that doesn't impress me you can wake up at 6:00 a.m. and still do as much. What's up what was his bedtime? If you woke up at 3:00, we watch that, let's watch that it's not an actor watch take a picture of his schedule. Oh I thought he had a video talking, James Corden in a bit with him. They, like he I, think the host James Gordon tried to like live a life live a day in the life of Mark Wahlberg via that's really old, sketch I hear ya. It's like I'm trending morning. Well, that's just not that's not admirable! That's just that's lunacy! Yeah! These vanity is what it is. And what time do you go to bed when you wake up at 3:00 and kids and shake it's eight, you don't live a life. If you only go to eight really you don't you work anywhere today, I mean like I. Don't believe that this is a daily schedule for the guy. Maybe when he's like Mark Wahlberg's insane workout schedule starts at 2:30 in the morning. That's ridiculous! Is this guy's superhuman? Well, no. He just goes to bed at 8:00 like a nine-year-old. What up what a nerd, what a pointer busy he goes to bed at 7:30, ela correct the record. Imagine going to bed at 7:30- oh my god, imagine, being famous and wealthy and achieving everything you ever wanted in life and going to bed at 7:30. Doesn't that undermine elf success? My night doesn't start to like 10:00. That's the picture of the schedule, typical daily schedule, cryo chamber, I'm, sorry! That was the first thing that cryo chamber recalled. Well, that's the secret right right. It's prayer time, bateman, nine, to 45 SCOTUS thank God. He prays for 30 minutes. That's a that's a hell of a prayer! Man he's got a rosary and a half God. Please don't let me get in more trouble for that. Please Jesus! Please! Don't anyone call me Marky Mark, today drop dead, I'll, make him blind. Dear Lord post-workout meal shower golf. This got time to pray and golf okay, but to be fair got nobody calls for 30 minutes. You think he's whacking off. Something else probably got a little tea, maybe like a little green driving range or something yeah yeah, it's nap time, meaning golf at home he's got 30 minutes for a snack. What a cutie pie! What is he like? A boss, the juice and some crackers? No, no! No! That's wrong! He has an hour and a half of snack time, our oh, my god. It's 90 minutes boys allocate that time more to golfers, and then he has another snack immediately after that, so he's just snacking living it up he's definitely snacking in the cryo chamber like what else do you do in there is in there for an hour, yeah, look at this 11:00 a.m. family time. It's like all right. Everybody gather up get around. We got one hour well, well, y'all! So careful. He also has a sandwich in meetings and work calls. So it's family time, but he's on the phone the whole time they don't even get their own hour yeah, but everybody. Let's take an hour for lunch. Yes, Marky Mark he's like okay, everybody they've lunch that we've made fun of a lot of people, the four of us when we're all together, but this is the first time I've been afraid that, like they're gonna, kick this door down and just blind in one eye, but you guys are making jokes about me. Huh boys, you see Planet of the Apes I heard you guys were mean he's got kind of a Mike Tyson thing with the realsense there was I heard you guys were making jokes about me. I just want to tell you. He has like the sense. Even I just want to tell you guys across that it's not cool that you guys making fun of me. He looks like he's always explaining to a kid why they can't buy a present Wow, really accurate, I. Just don't get that right right! No! It's like your mom's gonna see you come back with it. She's completely mad [Laughter] can I say something: go I. Actually loved that shtick I'm, very charmed by it, yeah the sick being white his voice, no, his like sensitive, tough guy, I love that character. I worked on a movie that he was in. Oh yeah. Tell me about the experience. It was the lovely bones, the loveliest lovely bones: yeah I was like a an additional PA crew member, a swing guy in there somewhere like a weekend, but I got to see him walking around set. I'll tell you he's always in a good mood. He was whistling singing no cup of coffee in his hand, just bopping along, like the little swing, really got a stain on it. I really should have gotten this thing. Dry clean before the stain does not come with I. Don't think you need to dryclean that I mean so I so positive. He probably goes in his trailer and like punches, someone in the face, yeah I lied. You warned me about like eye contact or anything like that. They'd hear about with celebrities, but right right. Just looking back. That's a weird! That's weird require oh, don't make eye contact like there's stories about. That's appear. Insanity really super good actor who liked it Lincoln. What's his name, Daniel day-lewis, no eye contact, no the opposite eye contact. Only then like the best actor, wouldn't need that for like his method, acting it's like I get it. You look him in the eyes he up his character, but he was like between takes on Lincoln just like chillin with the crew and like telling stories and stuff in there you go alright, no just out of character. Oh I was like alright, let's go again: I'm Lincoln Wow. Maybe they thought good. He is better Pro. It makes me doubt the whole eye contact thing that it's like a performance issue: oh yeah, there's actors being divas the whole point. What do I know I'm just well: I sorta mean I. Don't allow you to look me in the eye yeah, but that's like yeah I'm, just like whoa. In careful with that I contacted I. Already warned you twice you just like. Alright we're gonna, take a break fans. Yelling at me, guys we're gonna, take a quick break, we'll be right back. The boys are just back in town and we're only beginning. We've only watched like one video of rigging, a hundred thousand that's right, we'll be right. Back stitch fix is an online personal styling service that finds and delivers clothes, shoes and accessories to fit your body budget and lifestyle. Now Dan's got a sweater. He got from them that he frankly has never taken off and it looks good on him. It's like they read your mind and said hey. This is the perfect sweater for Dan dan. Would you agree yes or no? Absolutely there? It is folks. This is how it works. You go to their website. You take a survey about your style. They show you pictures of clothing, to rate how you like it to figure out your style, so they have a good idea. What you like you just go to stitch. Vic's, calm, /hre, tell them your sizes. What you like, how much you want to spend and boom Bob's your uncle. You get some awesome clothes in the mail you'll be paired with your very own, personal stylist will handpick items to send right to your door. You try them on. You only pay for what you love. You return. The rest, shipping exchanges and returns are always free, my dude, so there's no subscription required. You can sign up to receive scheduled shipments or get your fix whenever you want. Styling fees are only 20 bucks and it's applied towards anything. You keep from your shipment. So it's pretty much free. Here's. What we're doing get started right. Freaking now at stitch, fix calm, slash, h3 and you'll get 25% off. When you keep all items in your box. That's stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3 to get started today. Stitch stitch fix, dot-com, / h3 here is the last toothbrush. You will ever need it's quick, it's a perfect Christmas gift, it's high-tech, but at an affordable price. This is an amazing electric toothbrush. It's got soft perfect bristles, because gums are sensitive and you do not want to damage your gums, because, let me tell you about gums folks. They do not grow back and you're gonna find that out later in life ring be like dammit I wish. I'd listened to Ethan and gotta quit. Not only that it tells you when to switch sites, so it vibrates vibrates, vibrates, OH, 30 seconds switch sizes. So you know- and it turns off when you're done, so you always get the perfect dentist recommended brush. This is my favorite toothbrush I will not use any other toothbrush. It's also got a tongue scraper on the back, so you can get all that nasty on your off your tongue and have that beautiful, kissable breath and beautiful teeth and mouth that you deserve goddamn it, because, let me be frank and square with you all, there's nothing, nothing, nothing worse than a disgusting mouth! That's it! If I smell your breath, if I see you don't take good care of your teeth, I'm out right ela as a girl, yeah I meant so here. That's why I love quip and they've got over 5000 verified five-star reviews to back it up. Alright, so it starts at only 25 bucks. What go to get quote comm /h through right. Now you get your first refill pack for free with a quick electric toothbrush, but you don't have to tell your gift T that well not that big video they're like well, don't tell them. I got the refill for free, that's your, but it is a hookup. That's your first refill pack free at GE, tqu, I, p.com, slash age with all the recent news about online security breaches, it's hard not to worry about where my data goes, make an online purchase or simply access. Your email could put your private information at risk, you're being tracked online, all the time by social media sites, marketing companies and your mobile and internet provider. That's why you need to take your internet privacy back right now. Use an express VPN. Expressvpn has easy-to-use apps that run seamlessly in the background of any computer phone and tablet. Turning on expressvpn protects protection only takes one click, I'll tell you what takes more than one click trying to get your identity and your data back after it's lost. Try getting back your credit card, your stolen credit card information and the money that people off after yeah that's more than one click to one click now expressvpn secures in anonymizes your internet, browsing by encrypting your data and hiding your public IP address, protect yourself with expressvpn cost less than seven dollars a month, protect yourself online to date and find out how you can get three months. Free at expressvpn, comm, /, H Street, that's expr e SS, VPN, comm, / h3 for three months, free with a one-year package visit, expressvpn, comm, / h3 to learn more. What would it look like if we all listened more well listening to audiobooks motivates inspire us us and even brings us closer together and if you recall, I asked Jordan Pearson our audiobooks as good as reading, and he said yes, of course, I wondered that they're, just as good baby. Even better and I'll tell you why you can multitask, you can exercise, you can game, you can even sleep I, don't know how much you'll absorb, but you can do that and audiobooks are good for any activity whatever it is. Enhancing. It makes it better for our audience. Audible is offering a free audiobook when you start a 30-day trial, so you got no risk baby, just give it a shot. If you want to listen to it, audibles got it just go to audible.com, slash h3 podcast or text h3 podcast, -, 500, 500 and browse their unmatched selection of audio content. Start your 30-day trial download an audiobook for free and start listening. It's that easy, there's no better place to listen. Then audio, then audible, because now audible gives members even more exclusive audio fitness programs and audiobooks, audible, originals and more and now with audible originals. You can experience even more custom content made exclusive for audible members. Here's the stuff that I get into on audible they've got all of the Lord of Rings trilogy they've got all of the Harry Potter's they've got all of the Game of Thrones. They've got all of the best sagas and series like that, and you've just got so many hours of great content acted out narrated by incredible actors. You got to give any one of these series if you're interested in you're gonna love it over at audible every month as audible as an audible member, you get one credit good for any audiobook. You choose, plus two audible originals from a changing selection. You can't get anywhere else. Audible members also get access. The audio fitness and health workouts created exclusively for audible, plus your books are yours to keep with audible. You can go back and re-listen anytime, even if you cancel your membership, they don't like your audiobook exchange. It no questions asked so. Here's the offer guys start a 30-day trial and your first audio book is free, go to audible.com, slash, h3, podcast or text h3 podcasts to 500 500. That's a UD IB le dot-com, slash a stream podcast or text h3 podcast to 500 500. We are back welcome. How was the break for you guys? You've all enjoyed yourselves, and it was a really nice break. I didn't want it. Yeah! Actually, I brought my switch if we could just play a little smash for a couple of hours. Wait. So what is being in someone's eye line mean because that doesn't even sound like we making eye contact but just be in there filming and, like you know, like this camera right here. If there's somebody standing like to the left of it you're, like kind of you know drawn to them like you, want to look at you and you're. So it's while you're acting it's anybody that walks in the back and it's kind of like it, makes your eyes jiggle a little bit it's kind of weird but like at the same time it's very easy to your professional yeah that just ruins the illusion, though I mean nobody's standing next to a camera like in the case of you, know some diva that wants that kind of nobody say next to the camera. Going like this up, come on, I, wonder I'll be like II. Look it out of my eye line, yeah holding the camera. Let's see, Google's CEO went before Congress and one member of Commerce Congress. What was his name Larry old as hell heard, this is the iPhone guy yeah. What's his name, I believe Steve King, Steve, King pizza or no no relation. He has this question for the CEO. One of the most powerful men in the world really come before Congress humble himself before our government, and this is the question that our best and brightest elected officials have for the CEO of Google I have a seven-year-old granddaughter who picked up her phone before the election and she's playing a little game kind of game. A kid would play and up on there, pops a picture of her grandfather and I'm, not going to say into their record what the kind of language was used around that picture of her grandfather, but I'd, ask you: how does that show up on a seven-year-olds, iPhone who's playing a kids game? Congressman iPhone is made by a different company, and so you know, I mean I might have been an Android. I was just it was a hand-me-down of some kind. You know, wait, there's a live question: I'm happy! You can do that I think she's, a female, because she we've seen I've seen her I. Believe it's the same person. She was at something else, another hearing, another congressional hearing where she dressed up in the exact same attire, adjusted the monocle. It's that easy to get in there well, I, don't know how he's open to the public I think the public hearing come in later. If I had to guess I would say the mustache wasn't on. Oh you mean they entered I I, disagree a sorrowful statement now and that she got a prime location to it like immediately caught my eye when the guy was like answer. The question I've watched this video several times and now I'm just noticing this person, the guy's dribbling a basketball but there's a girl at walking in the background, oh yeah, so let's continue we're almost more Legation, which was being used which had a designation but I'm, happy to understand it better and clarify it for you, okay, thank you for your testimony and yield back the balance that comes sorry picture of of him. I guess he said of her. Grandpa came up on her phone now. How does that happen on my phone he's like well I'm max from Google? First of all, yeah I think we have to take into consideration this guy doesn't know what the he's talking well yeah yeah, but, like imagine, you've got this guy, historically powerful person and you're throwing this don't like, even if it was the wrong company. Just imagine ask him like: why is there? Why is this picture on my phone? How could that happen? Why are people making fun of me yeah, anytime, online of all places, yeah there's a little there's a couple of flaws to his laws. Yeah Oh Danny not ever use the Internet, apparently well, no and I. Think that's a big problem with our government is that it's run by a bunch of old who are still using AOL, comm and they're, trying to fix like global warming and right hold on baby. Let me uh. Let me dial up real, quick and check the science yeah well says it's all good I got a few. More free hours left hold on baby I'm like hold on baby I'm waiting for my my CD in the mail yeah I, just I just got thirty three hours right. This guy in this chatroom said: there's nothing to worry about yeah Dale's. All he says it's all good. You know, I read something and it may be a total, but it makes sense that there's still millions of people paying AOL dial-up to this day. Okay, let's break that down millions of people. Where are these in the States we're gathered throughout the states? I'm gonna get some Florida. You know what Florida is a Florida man, probably Florida, grandma Florida grandma I, wouldn't be surprised if my grandparents were still paying aol.com. Can you imagine that's like that's amazing? How did like? How would they learn, though, to upgrade to not dial-up, you know, so they learn presumably grandson better than me, I'm justifying their their no use, yeah, no, their their fault. Effusion Wow confuse Monteux there. They are faultless because they didn't even understand it. When it came out back then they're old right now, there's we picked that up pretty quickly yeah. So, like you know, we've we've got that. That is our responsibility, like you know, they're supposed to not kill the environment. Leave us some money for our retirement funds. All we have to do is is plug their computers into it, a new one. They can get their emails and I. Had it viruses twice as fast. That's true wait. They shouldn't have fast internet. That's a really good point, because there's a huge problem of people preying on old people and gaming money. Someone called my grandma once and said. Impersonated me they had all my information when I was in college. It was before I was known to anybody and they say: hey, it's Ethan I, probably didn't sell anything likely, but she's old. As on a landline. They says: hey, it's Ethan, I'm, trapped in Mexico and I'm arrested and I. Need you to send me five thousand dollars bail and she was gonna. Do it and my brother was there luckily and stopped there? That's awful but like apparently I saw like it's a billion dollar business, just scamming old people, yeah, that's so sad! There's fake IRS calls that are really getting a lot of attention. These days, they're all from India. Oh, we had our IRS, so you pay now yeah I, don't know there was like a voice modulator. They made them sound like there were some like southern good-old-boy. They would get so much more. Why am I giving them ideas to pick up on that? They're gonna start taking like southern Japanese, Southern gentleman boy, hello, Dolores. Now it says here that you need to go to the IRS ADAT. I arrest pay right now, not fun. There's a warrant out for you. They say you're gonna be in a lot of trouble. They're gonna, kick your door down and you know they're police, so they will shoot your dog yeah. That's start that is kind of close to the some of the stuff I've heard. Oh, the future sounds great. Yes, I can't wait, can I buy stock in that do will be run up by Robin, Hood, add character and you found another one hands on it around holy 140 thousand. This is big. News is well that's three days ago, so his brother, the same Dan. Can you hook me up with a Coke, Zero mm-hmm sure, damn she's got a lot of smiles on her face. You got a little Saudi. It's like I. Don't want to hit your Saudi okay, I. Look! Oh I got I'll share with you. Ah you're really cute. If y'all got take my old Saudi, it's Christmas absolutely and walk away, pray that refreshing Christmas. Thank you all right. Okay, Robby, let's enjoy this guy's like that's all I mean this guy's, just like I feel bad for the CEO. Oh, this guy's amazing. How does he know every Nigeria's on you but like he clicks into it every time the camera cuts them he's got great timing. Really it really does great awareness. You might be right. Maybe it is a she so well I'm! It's hard it's hard for me to tell in this video, but the older video from like a few months ago, 100%. She because, like she, gave interviews in character, but this this person could be a gentleman I'm all for those listening. It's a person he or she with a top hat, had there just as a bit of ma, Polly guy with it, and they got a sack of money with them with $20 bills popping out at the top very and they look very intrigued, ariel's or a dress like super professional yeah. The angle, just having a laugh is this: a Geico commercial. The bag is like Geico on it. Right honestly, if I thought of that first and I lived in the area, I would do that yeah they're, making some statement. Yeah no I mean like truthfully there being some political statement about I, don't even know what they're saying one day, everyone in the audience is gonna, be like gonna grow like they'll, be two of them really out of control. Right I can't shoot without sure nobody's taking these into a joke god. This guy is getting a lot of air time. He's loving. This I know something about like how our privacy is up for sale, I guess to do one of those things, I'm surprised. We don't have this dudes like Twitter or that's what I'm saying credit. Can they not hold up the sign, that's like following me on Twitter. That would be a real it's not as cool that's just smart marketing, yet no actually I just found they actually did an AMA on reddit. So all your questions will be answered. Why all two of them right- hey guys, I'm here, to take two questions? Who are you and why? Okay, thank you for coming to my AMA pornhub, put together the world's most viewed categories of porn in 2018 by geographical location, I love, it I love it. This says a lot now. What fascinates me the most you'll see there's some interest. The u.s. loves lesbian, who doesn't all south of merica, really loves. Lesbian Chile. However, is it one time and all ah yeah, all I think so many people in Japan are watching gente. They up the whole content. Yeah Japan I get it Russia, I'm very surprised. It's gotta be like all of the Eastern Bloc. Actually it's like all of the former Soviet Union. That blows my mind. That I mean I've tried hentai just out of pure curiosity, it's so weird. So when you have real porn available, yeah now I, just jerk off to Captain Planet, the second I moved to Russia live-action porn, but in cartoon girl, so I'm I'm shocked about Russia, because normally, when I see these types of graphs and bar charts and such the the most repressed places so like if, if gay porn or if gay art is just largely band and round upon, then usually that territory has gay porn. You know that's like they're they're, like states in the US. It's all about that or anytime. The Republican National Convention comes exactly so. That's why I'm shocked about Russia since, like you know, being gay is a big no-no in Russia they're all about the hentai but I. Think, if you, if you green you, if you took a closer look because when I've seen that where you're talking about like in the US like in Kansas everyone's watching gay porn gallery, but it's so broad, what is the green one? The green well so you've got Arab horn, which is in North, Africa and then evany and all in Africa, which is black I, find that interesting, the people they're trying they want to get down with their own and then South s, Southeast Asia, you've got Asian can I just say my favorite is big dick and in India their favorite look at Spain Spain stands alone. What is it there's a lot of that's different than stock milk? That's literally it's like pile. The cooter challenges beyond melt like old as because I was gonna, say basically or technically, all porn is mature, but if it's elderly is weird really all those people, I would guess. That's like Kyle I, don't know. No a MILF I would say is like thirty to fifty mature is like sixty plus, like paint like damn I did about it in Spain, apparently not a whole country right. Let's analyze that yeah I honestly, don't know if France Francis to the east was that I think Romania more such idiot Germany right, Germany's into anal or synchronism to anal. What was right again. No, that is less, but it's not England sweet. This is this is Germany, no that's Germany, but what you pointed to is not England this, oh me here it is tomorrow's go. What is this Norway? You -? Yes, that's! Actually sweet nice, I! Guess we're in Norway. No, that's Finland all right! Well, the same place! I got that one right! You know! Why are you eating a live, for that can I say Europeans make fun of Americans for being like so stupid, you try to name five states from the United States I don't live here. I, don't give a I'm just label them like normal yeah. Give us a break here. I'm surprised that lesbian porn is so predominant. Yeah, like everywhere across the seas, almost like the normal. Well we're all friends here, apparently like a Western civilization thing, yeah high value on lesbians for gay acceptance, gays are icky, but lesbians founded that I thought. We lived in lesbian is that lesbian I thought that was I thought I thought this was a map with names of the places the big big country is. Can you help me Claire so who's in a big dick pakistanian? Who are these guys I? Think that's Nepal. These have little dicks I, think I think why lesbian porn so popular because men and women I think sure it's crowd-pleasing yeah, it's something out of yeah. You know because dudes were like hey, that's hot and then of course, girls like girls, like I, don't want to see dudes, yes, yeah, honestly, no, that's true yeah! We learned earlier than women don't enjoy sex. Finally, entering that people in Africa are watching ebony and in North, Africa, Arab well, I know their era, but I. Just think kind of you want to see your own content on peeps. You want to relate police say they are watching more gente hi, oh it's great, but okay, so I think. But what is the appeal? Zach, Ertz or Ian or Dan? Do any of you guys? Watch hentai, no I'm, like you Ethan, like I, checked it out. Out of curiosity, but I, don't I don't find it I don't find it arousing. Everyone is saying no in the room. Ian, it's gotta be a yes yeah. Well in is always the odd one out and I appreciate his honesty. So Ian tell me what you and Ty. Are you in that's a negative for me and I'm offended person never heard of that anime Jack come on be level with us now I'm in the moves. Are you really wait? Are you really yeah? And so what do you know why you prefer older women, or is that just a preference? You know where the milfs well, you would fit in in India apparently, and we have got that's India dance, many places name with and then also we've got. What do we got here? That would be poor bowling. It's like I said. If a country existed at World, War, two no I know what it is because involved. The video games have played that's all of my job. If he comes from hearts of iron now will you came now Dan and in we what kind of porn category do you guys watch? Well, I was gonna, say you know it's interesting. The whole milf thing. It was sort of an eye-opening thing when I realized that I'm old enough that milf porn is just women. My age, that's kind of like that was oh moment right there. Oh, that's real, that's sooo real! So are you saying that they're home yeah I don't agree with that when I look at milf porn, I see like old? Ladies with fake titties, you said it earlier: it kind of runs a range, but it does seem too. Milf is almost like late 20s to 40s and 50s. Let me see this now. When you go to a porn site, do you type milf? Are you know we? Can we consciously seeking it out? Anal I feel like we're not giving anal its fair share of the spotlight when does but the whole countries do it. I was expecting some more anal in the charts. I saw somebody point out that the in the Mideast there, the anal block, if you will the anal block I really what anal block is the exact territory of the old Persian Empire. For some reason, so there's got to be some correlation history. Buffs, please hooker! Stop please help us out. Is that Germany? Well, that's fine, because Iceland apparently oh yeah, Iceland is just anals. Brankovic is Italy milfs. Yes, oh yeah, I'm, not surprised, that's very yeah! You know what! If so, then there's that and then there's also a lot a lot of weird stuff like that. You can't do with real people like tentacle wreck, rape and it's just and I. It's just so bizarre, but I think a lot of its got to be hardwired from kids watching because there's some bomb-ass cartoon characters like kill the kill. Have you seen that anime I know about walking like that's straight-up hentai and those girls are slamming dude? Well, that's it, but I never watched an tomato only dole, in my opinion, only as an adult I've seen that. But if I watch that as a kid I would have been like dick out and all day, I would've been like that would Awards my money, you know, and that would have like rearranged all my sexual desire. You know like at an early if you introduce that at an early age, cuz like a lot of anime, as you said, it's hyper sexualized in one way or another, hey man. When we were growing up, we had misty from Pokemon. That's it I'll give you that I'll give you that April and Mike hurdles, but some cartoon characters the way they try them with like like like titties everywhere and then the cameras always from the back you looking at liquor. Bag bump, stop Ethan. It's too sexy I! Think their heart is there and option on there talking not looking looking for hurry was not furry. Really. Is that a porn category, oh yeah, I, guess so you're right, do you guys have a porn preference, I type in porn and then I have like everything available and then, depending on my mood, my drunkenness level? Well, I just go yeah that one. What are usually then I go back to reading The Wall Street Journal, you know, go ahead. Jack I asked the boy not know um, you know, there's a whole trope embarrassed nude female enf. That's like I've, seen it on reddit, where it's like yeah. Yes, yes, yes, there's a subreddit. Was it called embarrassed? Happy and bare is I, don't know the subreddit I, don't know that one, but there are but he'd like that is so you like. So it's it's just like like I help you through this and yeah. Thank you no embarrassed. New famous females is exactly what it sounds like I'm cute, it's a whole genre. It's like oops. You know it's that kind of like Oh, No yeah like because there's a young kid you saw the Marilyn Manson Marilyn Manson got you really twisted trope right being embarrassed by old, pinups right yeah, that's a big part of it. I'm sure you know very retro, yeah yeah, so I'm an old school he's old school yeah. Absolutely they are milfs, no well, no they're, no they're dead, they're, good milfs! That's a that's! A corpse I'd like to him! Alright! Yeah now it's that, like I'd like to kill you baby, yes see ILF yeah, whatever the all right. Well, there you have it. Oh this is a fun little little excursion. Wasn't it fun rabbit hole to dive into people like porn I, just kid I've, a jerk-off. It's you yeah I, don't want any, but it's just what tenacious - you guys talked about yeah. It's like not bad! Well, we're talking furry stuff yeah! Oh that's interesting! Yeah, because I I find the furry thing strange and wild - cuz. Apparently they have a flock for the dick. We made it I'm doing no I! Think that's real! Oh! We did make that up. You guys, you guys didn't see all of the the correct the record emails that I received. That's weak. All the fairies are pissed yeah, not even piss, but they're like there's a lot more to it. I think I will have. You know reduced to being givers and they're like it's. Not it there's much more than you think. Oh I'm! So glad you asked you know yeah! That's that's what your thing is. Why am I the Authority? Oh yeah thing is: you know what furries have sex? They say that, but you don't don't worry. I got you in the costume yeah. What does that need a name? Last time, I checked, it's called sex, yeah I. Think I, know about you thing before. I knew it like an oaf was like this is in or out of the costume you things in. Yes, you got any. What's the point flap out, I, don't ride or die baby like because they ain't got a flap on their roster because they're not like a like a mouth hole for your day. Maybe the yipping is part of the role play. You know. Yeah for short stories are sexual, like that cuz, like a I, have a number of viewers, but a number of my my viewers are in fact furries and you can tell by news on Twitter and Shashi an avatars - Ethan based on the email. I, don't discriminate, ake everyone I need views desperately. These guys watch the gamer Awards at all like a few days ago. I think the guy who won gamer of the year yeah it showed up in a costume. It was, he was a furry yeah, any cam is very costume and he accepted it. Now is being a furry kind of like how in the 90s people were like it's okay to be gay. Are we taking it that far I? Think so I? Don't think it's that? Are they looking for acceptance or the conductance? But why is it well Dan you got emails, were they serious or not? They weren't, honestly, they weren't really that mad. It was more just like hey I just want to let you know it's not always a sexual thing, blah blah blah. That's so like you know they were just sort of expanding on it. So yeah, then, as far as like my viewers, like you know, when I get tweets and stuff from people, you can see by their profile picture that, like you know it's them in a very thing: yes and I've never met a mean one, yet so I'm prone to just like it's cool dammit. Why you guys been all nice and I? Look like cynical eyes. I have a whole list of hateful things that yeah I always look like the [ __ ], not their people's today but I I did ask this question when, when Tenacious D was here, if they are they're really into the role-playing, so they must paint their dick red I'm, sorry who's. They Ares! Okay, because we like a dog boner like a dog boner like it goes, read it the red rocket kind of thing cuz. If you just pay it, take out a human dick that ain't right, I, don't think I, don't that's! That's a very amusing thought! Yeah trust me! Yes, I! Don't think they take it to that level. Now to correct me if I'm wrong, for who yeah but I, don't think they go that, like that's, that's pretty that's a method like that's some Daniel day-lewis right there yeah some real Marlon Brando like what about animals with really strange penis right. This leaky ones like hurting chucks, well ducks yeah, yeah yeah, so they probably mutilate their penis use, need a little spirit gum in a big. You know prop. We need a three plenty of shops. Won't that be amazing, you know: what's the furries in LA there you go, are emailed and broadcasted a sugar production. Calm, let's get a furry here in costume, I've got a hundred and one questions clear: you can do half in and half out do it I want I want one who's also acquainted with the sexual aspect, because I didn't want to I want that I want to know if they paint their dick red. You should have one non sexual hurry. Does it for the cosplay and then one who, like dude, you need help. That's the future of this podcast. You look at Joe Rogan, oh, oh, let me get a scientist on about sleeveless, no bird. What the are you hey, you're, welcome by the way is it just catching up to the furry train? Well, I know I'm not caught up but I, just I, never thought of actually getting one in here. I've already had a like a narc use. My life on the internet, where, like when I first learned about furries I, was like that's weird: I hate it right and then it evolved into like. Oh there's nothing wrong with these people at all right. Have you done any common etiquette, video on furries I? Don't think so people have given them such a hard time on the Internet. That's like I feel like it'd, be target I, don't want to be lumped in with the the manor side. I! Think, honestly, no in my experience they have a very good sense of humor about it. If you did it tastefully, what do you do? Do stuff tastefully comedic, wise right, I? Think? No! No, you do you I, think I! Think you get away with it honestly. It would be very funny and then like yeah, if I did well I'm just perplexed. I just am further no like now I mean and their costumes are so weird like like the for your face. It's just it's strange, what's weird about it, Ethan! Well, they all look like a acid trip like humanoid fought like it's just weird I, don't know: let's get a let's move on we're like an hour like I was in a furry. If there's like an outside group, called the scalese million yeah they're, all reptilians, you don't need that conspiracy. Theory who says I have to have fur, but then do they put the scales. Aluminous no just be like all covered in turtle. Shell I, like it yeah they do. They have a creepy face. Do you guys that's what I'm saying there's a creepy face, the dude who's recording this video calls him little homie, so he's a little homie I think that's how they preferred to be real. Oh like like we man, kind of thing. He just says little homie. He doesn't know him well, okay, one thing at a time, so we're looking at furries the faces creeps me out and I'm. Sorry, if that offends you, the word divides into the group of people that is creeped out lady's face. Oh I didn't mean to click well there you have it anyway right, but look at that. All hotel guests should behave like these furries furries are live in achill politeness. Are you a furry? Look at your chest. Man, you've got a furry you're and that's your care. I mean I'm, sure I'm. Defending them a lot I guess it makes you wonder it makes you wonder: no, no I I personally am NOT, but like it's just oh, but do you guys find their face? Creepy I find the face cream. Now, if I'm being honest, I mean it's I say this I don't get it I, don't get the appeal. I do not I, don't find them. Creepy, mm-hmm, Wow I, don't find them creepy and I like I. Don't want to like I, don't want to make fun of them, because I feel I feel I, don't want to make fun like a whole community and it's just like no no I got none right. I get likewise yeah. What's there to get mad at beautifully, put beautifully, put I'm, pissed and dance in my eyeline right now they didn't see the first or anything well. Well, they were anthropomorphic. We're trouble. I mean like what what else you need to know, foxes and dogs and whatnot like you've seen furries, you know what it looks like you go. You know what, if that was like the only way I could get off, I mean I. Guess it's not a sex thing, but if that was the only way I could get off do I would I would be the best fairy in the world. I would have the dopest I would like. What's your first ona rabbit great Maddock implants put into my into my legs yeah, so I could hop like one: oh I love it. Okay, so yeah then like like hydraulics ins yeah. If I wasn't like in the action around me, I'll just bleep out of that great great ice, breaker and also great conversation ender and it's, however, another night, just leap into the ceiling: I don't have to watch Netflix, go to bed to our sauce and and turn in knock yourself out, quick old, concussion and mmm ready to you. So what are you guys watching? Lately, you watching anything good. You split that that clip up into multiple yeah, so tired hearing that do you watch red letter. Media? Yes, mmm their latest video is a god. What was it about what they do as if, if you know them, you know they do a series called best of the worst when they just reviewed terrible, forgotten, VHS films of the 80s and 90s mmm, so I'll spoil the surprise because it happened so quickly. Everything is going fine. You know they do like the little fling, keto or Plinko thing of like selecting the movies. They drop a ball and a whole grid like lands on a VHS tape. Sometimes it lands on players, choice which means that they can choose whatever video they want. So Atlanta and players choice out walks in Macaulay Culkin and he holds up a copy of home alone for and he's like we're watching this guy Wow and they so they actually watch home alone for women, totally cold and they're all being making jokes at everyone's excited so or, and it's so damn funny, and it's so like wholesome cousins like oh. How cool is that I got the polkan they got, they got Kevin, McCallister I think that's his name right like this. He live Balkan, no I mean no he's Macaulay Culkin, but the in home alone. Oh he's, Kevin right, he's, Kevin, I'm wearing more I, think like raynella yeah, yes, yeah and I think I think he's a big fan of red letter, media and red letter media. Strangely, like okay, what they're, like yeah I, think everyone's see really a big fan. Yeah I, don't know why secretly well, because their channels, relah I, mean it's not small but relatively smaller than well-known. They are and they're. Also like genius and yeah I have like their own word. They have their own a pretty. They have less than 900,000 subscribe. You're gonna get to know why, like, if someone pushes for them because they deserve 10, maybe some dick jokes next to my bed had more subscribers than them and I was like this. Just like this. Is a government plot to be fair. I love your dick jokes, but like that I love, LED, red letter media, even more I know they should have better media yeah. It's just because they're not like the way I view them. They're, not even a YouTube channel I feel like they ascended beyond a YouTube channel cuz. They don't do the whole like hey. What's up everybody what's going on and today like they just go in they're like well Mike. Well, the very question they're very awesome, but so funny so so dry funny where the did they get their warehouse is what I want to know red letter media. Where did you get this goddamn warehouse and I'll move there early they destroy all the time. What I wonder is, if are? Are they furs? Oh, you know they are rich Evans might be like hey Josh. I believe I love this video I assume that this little homeys on some kind of drug mm-hmm cuz, he seems high I'm light on enter. He seems high energy, okay, but I'll. Let you guys enjoy. Is he high on good vibes, good vibes? Only Oh yeah he's not associate associated with the guy who hooked a watermark by the way, I will say: he's fret he's dressed freshest he'll for having to shop like kids like that's a pretty fresh outfit he's got it at Jordans on Jordan. Be nice what up? He knows. What's up yeah, he looks good, but not as he's not having a good day. I got no audio. Oh it's! Okay! I can I can read lips, he's saying Murray's forever, furries together trying to rob this convenience store later than weaponry. Oh, that's, not gonna! Work I need a weapon he's, throwing gummy treats at the cashier similar he's trying to steal, he's saying, fill that bag up I, don't even see the bag. No. Here he gave it to. Oh, my god. Oh that's! That's a bad move. Fill that bag up honest yeah. Well, at one point, you'll hear they offer him fifty two the whole day, everyone just gathered around a lot enjoyed a little homies. Throwing gummy treats go that bad. This is the most gangster I ever seen. This is the alternate ending to a training day. Actually, I was gonna say this is an alternate Kingdom, Hearts 3 and coming in January I would love to have for him to be a playable character and everything. Ok fill that bag up holding his weapon is gummy is gummy boy Holy's coming come on, dude, easy, gig, very angry, so what'd you do today class, there's a great ending -, oh yeah, I love how the police are just like that'd, be like if shawshank redemption' had a bad ending I think. Ultimately, this is a tragic video, because this is a guy he's, a soul of a gangster and the body of a child. Well, and even those recording him who are trying to root him on to help him can't help. But laugh as he's gently laid down by the police is a little slap sticky. It literally is like some physical comedy. Slapstick was I, think use on something yeah Chuck half a beer, and then he must obliterated on the ground. That was amazing. That's got a nice finishing like if I worked for the Mortal Kombat game, I'd be getting in touch with this guy's people, throwing wine bottle on baby bears Smash Brothers ultimate has DLC coming out yeah, just some food play yeah right. That way. Thank you by the way that games freaking awesome. Oh you guys. Yeah I, don't all I want to be doing disgusting, sexist brain, didn't, label, you know, I I, don't play any games, but I like this one. It's fun which job do I, don't okay, get yourself a switch by plead blast, never played Smash Brothers was in couch yeah me too cube. I was I, walk into a room, and it was like the liveliest thing. I've ever seen, I was, like god, I wish. I was good at this. It's fine well I used to be real good, but now I suck at menial on the same level, which is fun, but the single-player is like amazing. It's usually takes like Zoe for I wanna beat the single-player, they have English plates yeah, but it's got really fun. Interesting upgrades and spirits and all the levels have different difficulties and different special conditions and its really surprising. It's really fun and you have to play it to unlock fighters and I was like what Dan who's. Your with your main we've been playing a lot of Falcon hell yeah, but just just what's available to me: okay, Kirby, yeah Kirby's. What's up currently that'd be all day, Kirby really knows how to fill that. That's great, but guy so I'm, just kind of in like I, am overwhelmed because I grew up on the n64 version of smash where, when you unlock everything there are 12 character, I know I know, and in this new game there's over 70 and the amounts whoa and the amount of level looking levels, there were nine there's. No, it's offering it's like I'm. A nerd like I, grew up on the end, like even more I, never had a Gamecube, so I never played melee tank. He was awesome. I went right from n64 to wheat, yeah, so I never had that in-between I know the game. Key was a great system, but, like I, grew up on the on the laggy, slow and 64 version like if there are too many characters and smash and n64, it would slow it down. It was like a PowerPoint presentation and 15 frames a second and now we're at the switch you play in handheld mode. It's I've never played this game, so this is my first it's over last weekend and we just like played on like character now. Have you played online yet because I haven't tried, I only just bought. You know it's funny because I now you have to buy online like the yeah which I hate so I just did that the other day to play, one of my buds I haven't tried it yet go, but the online it has a good offer because you get to play all the retro games you get to stream on like what are some. What are some examples of retro game like Mario 3, you get to call a good. Well gets really like original good Galica. You get to play. There's like a lot of really retro freaking cool ass games, dope. That's a huge part! I think there keep adding all the classic there. That's what they need to do. They need to build up like the Virtual Console, that's what the Wii and the Wii U had going for it. They need like more classic 8-bit 16-bit games, yeah and I think they're doing that yeah. So it's really cool, not smart, fill that back up new games. We got a new story story: armored trucks, pills cash on wowsie, highway drivers pull over on the freeway rush to grab dollar bills. Someone fill a bag up so uh a Brinks truck I guess the back just sprung, open and like 20 hate when that are just all over the freeway. It's quite something! Now what would cause that to happen like? Was it triggered to open up the spring open or it was just a mechanical I think it was in an accident actually now this guy, by the way, this poor son of a gun on the freeway picking up dollar bills? That's the Brinks guy trying to save his job when people realize those are dollar bills flying around and not garbage it's pulling over to pick them up for the for the work of the poor, like anyone that has to collect that just establish their right. That's the Brinks guy thing well he's having a good time, Ami's yeah yeah, and it brings uniform as seen here trying to collect the money. I'm sure you think the whole thing is hilarious, I mean what the else am I gonna do. That's scary I mean like you can't just hop out of here. You can't pull over and just hop out here. Yeah Frogger it you know. Think of this guy he's like oh there's, my fearless no way Yeah right. This was the perfect situation for our little homie, though he would have filled a lot. Yeah sit him out like a Roomba crap, oh wait! No, no! That's accurate! No! It you're right, no I hold fine. Yeah I! Think that's fine. Can we get an answer? Is that fine? We don't know judges, let's not now, to be fair. My drinks I, don't think you're gonna pick up enough dollar bills to pay for that. No, this is New Jersey. So all those accidents were gonna happen anyway. It's whether that Turnpike gets him and the the NJ Turnpike I've, driven it many times it there's a lot of dollars, baby their 20s. All of them. That's that's their twenties. So it's like I, don't know, listen if I'm working like minimum wage I'm pulling over and grabbing those ponies, dude I could be Mark. Wahlberg I'd pull over and grab 528 John it's after 7:30, that's true! So I'm Mark Wahlberg I'm pulling over I'm punching the Chinese man face I'm. Blinded him gonna provide a cryo chamber. Ethan I received a message that he may not have. Blinded the man he the mine, the man was already blind. He punched me behind me. No, what a yes I heard he blinded him in one I suspect he was missing an eye. He was thinking I, you know. Can we pour out? Can you look it up on Wikipedia because I want to get. We asked Mark Wahlberg I want to know everybody? Oh no! No! No! Don't do that. I don't want to start trouble. I mean instant. Family was a great movie. I said: I love it acting mark I love your acting your cool guy I love that whole shtick I want some kids I! Think I'm really into this. You know: I just have three kids, that's it. He seemed like a happy guy. So you know he'll see that part and we fall asleep because it's like the whole podcast, no I have a feeling he's gonna like show up like he's like smoking from his cryo treatment. He's like piece of dry ice, hey I heard you talking. That's not cool man. I've been working up for three hours today, I'm interrupting my family time for this okay right right drag my kids along now, they're gonna beat you up now: I'm gonna, throw down okay and I. Don't want to do this. I don't want to do this, I'm a sweet guy. You know, but you forced me to do this. Look I changed, I, can't open. If that Chinese man had a week, I, don't blind people anymore. A great idea for a podcast is just three guys doing Mark Wahlberg in front. Listen! That's all welcome to the Wahlberg! Welcome to the Wahlberg podcast. Okay, talk about the Civil War! Don't know how it started, though, with a lot be nice. The button be nice to black people. Is it that hard I mean hey I'll, be treat everyone with respect? Am I right guys all right? That was the podcast thanks for turning it. Mm-Hmm I mean black people are people, okay, I mean, what's so hard to understand about that. Lincoln died for it. I mean that Lincoln's I, like that. That's probably what they're gonna update on the mark, the Wahlberg's. We get him to sign a release: yeah I'm, trying to I'm trying to find a good source on it, and the story is kind of weird. It definitely gets arrested, Martin an impression of Mark Wahlberg yeah I, can't new kids on the block reunion, but my uh I keep on my Calvin's to stop the aid from getting in you know. The story for a long time was that he blinded him. However, I see an article where they interviewed the guy that got beaten up and he claims he was already blind in one eye, and so that was kind of a Miss, but the source on this is the Daily Mail, which was garbage so yeah. Listen I can play that guy. He was already blind. Hey can I just quickly shout out my wife Erin, because she shits on the Daily Mail every day on our Instagram and it's hilarious, like she screencap stories and then just right in her like own captions like um. It's incredible well like if you want to shed on the do. We not find more legitimate information because I'm very okay, well already blind story, cuz I thought, yeah I was trying to punch it back in okay, wouldn't go in the first time, run out of power, very important update on the furry penis question. Yeah God and somebody has even hide an watching podcast right now, furries, don't paint their pins, but but obviously there is a website called bad dragon that has quote wearables, which are toys you can put on your pain into making it look like an animal's, get my shape of water dish. I! Guess! My question is: how prevalent are these toys in the furry community? He does not he's not clarified but enough to support a a vibrant economy. Now, what now again so you're talking about having a sex act where your penis doesn't? Even because you it's a wearable strap-on I mean people do that. Well, if you have a dick, do you strap-on? If you wanted to look like a duck's, corkscrew yeah interesting, so does your dick I'm sweared? So does it go over your erect penis, or are you flossing, Dan circuitry, to one to one match your P? We don't even have that VR. Yet that's true! That's I'll, be the next one psvr to I got a question for you guys is a sex robot cheating! That's that's a tough one! That's a tough one! You know that sounds like that kind of thing we're, while I'm a sex road I'd, be like this ain't, cheating, no I'm, gonna, say no I'm, gonna, say I'm, gonna, say no I'll be bald and just take a stance and say no because it's a robot I, don't think. Okay, it's at what point when you have like super advanced like let's say it's got like a personality and if sucks and swirls on your dick, like right, no human can I absolutely stand. You're, like you know what I'm gonna go. Take off baby I'll be back I'm, just gonna. Go, hang out and I'll be back. You go you. You have the best. You, your robot I, don't think it's cheating, because it's a rope, I will say: I'm like I'm gonna go I'm gonna be bald, because so you do you think it's yeah. What are you upset if she knew that you were decking out to not a joke? I can I got your battery on masturbation? That's all it is. It's very I just think it depends on the kind of robot like if it's in West Warren, where they're all that's the making is, so you think a West world. Robot isn't cheating, no I, don't think so. You know it's funny. Aaron and I have talked about this she's like hello. You absolutely go to town on some hot robot, I. Think now I'm not kidding. We talked until that robot says. So. What are we? You start like complaining about robots like well, you know you're gonna get rid. Are you happier with me? You know, I, don't think it's I don't want Eli Gough getting some like insane robot like 10 inch. Robot insane no act, this handsome, that's fine, but what, if you go and hang out with the robot start spending time yeah spending time? Okay, that's when it gets a little weird, but when you're like when, when you're, not the robot, you mean and just like yeah plane, smashed opening a door all right get out. It's like the printer in your bedroom that you have to keep them plugged. You know you're like a westward season, one before they found out. I'm gonna spoil it. So if you ever watch West world just skip for the next 30 seconds, yeah yeah yeah. So when they're in there they're scanning their brain to like clone them or they're, making like personality types, okay, well, they're all robots, they can just collect their semen and clone them. There's like a huge seam bank. That's all Westeros, a huge semen bank. I. Think you call the humans just get a bunch of semen, but you're, not gonna, like I, don't know what you do with this! You just get nice even though get a bunch of semen do that. Well, that would be really funny. Questworld big wish was like hey you, hey thirty. Kids, we've been, there are real people and they're your kids, because we have so much semen. We don't want to do that. All we just have buckets see man just save it all we save all of it. There's like a volt. You know they like the vault with everyone's brain. It's backed up it's just what? If it's just this big, a swimming pool of semen, this is uh all of our guests. What is about to come? We're gonna see what that does. What and you're giving the writers too many ideas. You guys you gotta, lock it up. Okay, you guys can come back spoilers over just a bunch of semen I'm not spoiled well. I gave away the plot a little bit. Oh yeah, not really got to convoluted, like to me like I saw season, one, that's fun and then, like I hurt, I didn't even start season. Two I just heard all these rumors and I liked. It really I. Just heard too many people going like what the I love not well. It's not like I got anything better to watch, but I can't watch I, don't watch Game of Thrones yeah, okay, I like getting extremely high and watching like a handful of shows in West world's one of them, because I kind of don't give a what happens. I'm, not gonna, get mad whatever they do. I'm just gonna, be like all right. That's where you going. How do you normally get mad while I'm into this ride? I think I would get a panic attack trying to watch it high cuz, it's already so hard to follow, like what's going on. I get panic attacks high any time so yeah I, don't the watch. I've, never watched. Episodes of a TV show so many times just to understand what happened. It's so complicated I! Don't that's what turns me off! It's like that! Guy Wow I accuse 250 bucks right yeah way. That wash is like I assume that you understand what you're supposed to do and whatnot, because no you're done can't. Try too hard. Am I that guy you're dying here you know it's like everything you're like that we Game of Thrones -, is my you 250 well I read the book which is required. I love, Game of Thrones, but I'll be damned if there are like some characters whose names I forget and when they pop up. Sometimes it's like this big revelation of character. Pops up and I go ah who's. That again, like it's supposed to be this big, dramatic mole. What's sure, I keel like 300, something like an [ __ ] that guy in your punching bag. You gotta be that guy someone's gonna be probably that guy yeah, we're gonna do say nice things about what's wrong. I like Westworld complain about like Incept ones, complaining about like Inception like I, had to watch it 20 times, don't think about anyone's complained about at the time that was different I'm with you on that one, because, like people complain about that ending and it being ambiguous, it's like well I mean that was the point. It's fine movies, but they're like layers in and they're in the mob handle it. It takes like two tries and you get it's like yeah there's going into more dreams, yeah yeah, but it's entertaining more times. Well. To be frank, we do all have at least 250 IQ. My IQ is just the letters I and Q, which I'm afraid to take an IQ test. I think I can't face the reality that I probably have like a 90 I, don't think I think I have I, don't think because I'm, not the book, grandparent um you're, not a 90 son you're, a 101 you're a 101 to me even no, don't matter what the doctors tell you barely over the mediocre threshold, I feel like I'm, really bad at like pattern, recognition, which is like a lot of what the IQ is really you know like when we did that escape room and me and either were set with the task of doing some logic, puzzle and I'm and I'm like I'm, the DA we couldn't figure it out well escape rooms are different because they they they put you in a time constraint and I, feel like that girl. Folks, like you that wears longer pretty man you're like social like were you with strangers ya know, would mostly fingers. Yeah I mean like friends or friends. So we didn't know everyone I got it. I learned a lot about myself in the escape room in that, like I'm kind of a [ __ ] like in a way not like a [, __, ], yeah, yeah, okay, so I had the puzzle figured out like I was on my way tell anyone I didn't believe in myself that I had it like. Okay, so I give like a broad stroke here like there are a bunch of books, sensitive geniu. The way that you set the books up is is the trick because there was like you, use the flashlight and it's a black light and you run it along the books and it tells you the combination for the safe, so I'm over here, playing with these books like, oh, maybe they should be like this. Maybe they should be like this and I was starting to get there and then someone else. Someone came over this the-the-the like alpha male of the group who I know it was me, were you wearing your soy boys, [Laughter] and then I was just playing with them and I was a you, give it a try. Man just completely gave you had it figured out. I had I was probably three minutes away from figuring out and I only know that, because this other guy came over them all up, didn't know what he was doing and walked away, and then the there was a an actor in the room. So there was someone who was like she added the bed. Oh really was like a zombie or something like now I and she was like you know you, like the rules were don't get near this person. Yeah don't touch them, which means that someone's touched them before it's a rule, because someone did it yeah and she just like I could see her break character and get exasperated and she walked over redid. Everything I did and set it up, yelled at it like not it with words, just went and then like left the wife and saw the egg. So what she solved it she solved it, but she did what I did after you solve commuted his way right, because you didn't have the the audacity. The courage all I heard was they're. Calling me a that's right. No, that's gotta with you, man, that's gotta fight, a part with me. A little big show. I was right about that all right, but you didn't have the confidence yeah for the rest of it. I try to take the initiative and I was wrong to have really owe you overtime. We did I hear I was like yeah I'm. A genius at this I got that 250. Just that. One aspect that you are the one thing I, don't like the escape room: I, don't like the social situation, I, don't like the social pressure. I am NOT. Alpha I am NOT outgoing and I'm, not smart. So all those combined not a good time. Those combined trapped in a little room, yeah I, think you need to be with the right peeps, like a flashback to middle school. It's like doing I hear that I hear you. I was not good at those tests. Jack Mikey, though they used to give us logic, tests and middle school, and all these nerds would like they like. If Beth had 12 cherries and George punched her in the and she dropped to whatever was exactly what their cherries obviously well-regarded. But I was not good at these and there was like the really dumb people they I beat them, but like I was in a feed, but I was not head of the pack. I honestly think. If you're with, like a group of people, that you know and like you like, you're cool with they're, not friends of friends of friends, they're, not like friends, three times removed, these are your homies yeah you're gonna have a good time. Maybe it's like I'm gonna, say I suck at room escapes, I've done a number of them. Have you yeah, but I have a good time. Cuz I'm, with like people, I trust and I, know and I like yeah, and it makes the whole yeah. Have you ever been like with your friends in an escape room, because you don't allow? Have you ever looked at when your friends and said yourself damnit guys? Yes, I have definitely once you don't just say: HUBO was a situation now things that I'll give you his Twitter handle and everything? No, no. No, it was just. It was just like Eric. There's me, it was um. No, it was like I, don't know the exact example. It was just like pieces drawn together. I was wondering what the hell is going on, you're. No, it's just like the guy was clearly clueless or girl. Let's not discriminate could have been. Anyone could have been a anyone, hey Dave yeah was a guy but like he or she was just like so clueless about like just everything they didn't really get it, but like it did. I didn't think less of the person, because I already knew that going in I was like already knows, I know: you're dead weight them I'm a dead weight is so it was just kind of like it was. It was fun like we just had a good, so I felt like dead weight. I did not, okay, anything, okay, that's fair, but there there were so many people that it was kind of a fun. My my wife did all the carrying Aaron did all the carrying and all the caring and the caring carrying and caring, but like she and you know, I was like a 1 I kind of fell like dead weight too, but on the other hand, I was a little proud, but I still had fun. Cuz I was like just with my guys, just going like I think those goes here. I'll no I, don't know I think you have to be in the right frame of mind, but I mean also you know. If you don't like escape rooms, you don't like escape room. We should do an escape room together with friends that you trust like like not less friends of friends. No I would are you kidding and I suck at escape rooms, I'm, not gonna, be the guys do it. Oh God come down now set up some cameras and we're gonna get nothing done. Well, my broadcast to the world cuz I. Look like a just. Do it. Oh yeah me I said he wanted Eric I want to broadcast it. Reaming mindset for one I'm, the charity, [ __, ] Yeah right Eric's, happy Forex are sick, kids great. What's the name of the charity, Eric's sick, kids yeah? Did you make them sick? Are they yeah we're I? Don't have to answer that? Yeah kids I love that they're my kids and they're sick. Alright, we need help what else he needs that no yeah you're, really sick, dude, mind your business. What's wrong with them. I don't have to answer that. Can I get in ten bucks. Please. We have watched on the show before a compilation of celebrities, performers falling off stage during their performance and we had an legendary submission from one of our fans. Matthew slaughter. That's a hell of a last name, social actor, Matthew slack! So wait Matthew's a celebrity! No! No. This is submitted. It I'm. Just celebrity is gamma Collins who I'm not familiar with she's a UK something going on in the UK, but we took a tumble of a lifetime. Me me rot row, the UK yeah I, don't think she's like it's like a podcast yeah, so here's Gamma Collins taking a tumble of a lifetime [Applause]. Oh wow, now this gets real fight. They can't lift her up because she's a bit on that heavier dragon. The whole game, it's all game, but here it was really funny. As this stage the guy who controls the stage is like trying to help her out and he lifts the stage up because they can't get her up. Watch this hydraulic thing, I see, I, see, I, see she took it. She fell into the hole yeah. She sees I'm good, something humor about she's like laughing. No, she was a sweetheart yeah, yeah aw, it's gotta, be embarrassing. I feel a little bad for her. That's got a. She actually does an instant story here and she's got a lot of charm and charisma about it, those halls and who's putting holes in stages. We saw a lot of people fall victim to the never sound real. She sounds like she's doing a bit, she's a champion man. She took a tumble and she took it a hard man. That's what? What more can you want? Good for her Oh, a felony old, doughnut, Ole Miss stage? No I mean orphan. Oh here's, another great one. Speaking of it there's another, this video had me dying this mom ooh, it's one of my funniest things, I've seen in a long time. Please don't don't even tell us anything yeah just play it. Okay, oh well! That's a novel! Jack! What why don't just play videos and not say anything! My brother come on. Okay, a word [Applause], okay, so this is formula driving yeah, that's right, sir instructor! It seems fun! Oh no! No! This is how they do it in rally reasons, because it's so intense that it's a team there's two people, one person drives and one person memorizes the course and tells them how hard the turns. That's yeah! It's all way. It's a two-man sport! Yeah! Just imagine! So. Do you want me to keep talking Jack? No, no, if Google Maps may occulta was just a human being in your passenger seat, they're like 0.3. Why am I doing his accent as the first time ever heard me? I'm, not gonna. Do that Tommy I! Need you to listen to me for the love of God. What are you doing? It's fine Wow for the love of God semi. He can get so intense, please Sammy, I'm begging you! You have to listen to me by the way you owe $2,000 to the iron Sammy. Listen, the IRS are going to arrest. You Sammy you move. Grandma must pay me. Ten thousand okay I thought that it's from like Africa, usually those scams, there's always the nigerian prince yeah that one doesn't hold water anymore. Listen to me Sammy this way. Those are the new thing. Yeah I think that's the new heart. They need that Southern gentleman convert listen to me, grandma I. Will you I've seen those on YouTube? They get really seen, though, at the end, like it where's that logo, that's exactly it. They boga yeah that sounds familiar uh. Oh yeah. He had a folder with like porn the guy like Titan, but it was like naked mole-rats so like it went into him, live once and watched him. Do it for like a half-hour and like I'm, just eating lunch watching this and I'm like this is better I know better than sex. I said it out loud. Were you masturbating? It I've been the furry on my bed, turned and said what ha ha better than my bulb. Is it bad dragon Dan, yeah I, think that was a that's a my fern at my vocabulary that bad dragon all right. So listen to me, Sammy for the love of God, so usually they're mute Manik. Usually they work very harmoniously in their team and it's very intense so he's like a left turn sharp 45 degrees yeah. So that's how they work. So this is good. So this is like fascinating. Can you imagine if Siri was like go go go now you missed it. You [ __, ], no I, don't work well under pressure, so I write the Lincoln to the guy I mean honestly. He just has to follow the Road [Applause]. Oh don't tell me, but that's literally god, yeah literally job has to be a backseat driver. Right he's you who are breaking the car. Don't tell me how to drive. That is terrified. I mean like I'm, a bad enough driver as it is, but having a guy like aggressively screaming yeah I just saw a thumbnail down there. It's a good thumbnail. Thank you for updating our position. Carl Sagan, salvia Yeah right! That's what I noticed too your turtleneck yep! Absolutely! That was an so congratulate thanks. Seeing me in front of you actually have a song for I like that that house, beautiful, yes, yeah hot dad, shut up to the minute. Dad I just got a cassette in the mail from hot dad shut up. Okay, because that yeah he's he's selling a tape cassette. That's why it's called dumb. Now, that's what I call hot dad's music genius he's a genius and how was it did you find anything to play it on? No I've still got it in the plastic wrap, but in my car, I still have a tape: deck, oh really so he's going in there. Where is he based again like oh I? Don't um I, don't know if you disclose that I mean like yeah yeah. Don't worry about me, not privy yeah yeah! That's fine because, like I I asked because we got to get him over so we can do karaoke and sing I'm in a well I cannot see that as an issue. You know what I mean so that like no well. That's all it's not! It's not no! Well great! There's a Christmas song Raycom in a while we're talking about the classic songwriter ex and the skeleton bang fell in a we'll. Just it's a hole. I apologize, I'm, just trying distracting you guys from the podcast, no you're, not quick, video I'll get you know, I very much. I I think it is here. It is so there's this I'm sorry! So here's a couple of Christian growls girl-girl defined now this now a lot of Christians. They wait until marriage to have to have coitus, but as we all should, as we all should, as we talked earlier, abstinence is the only way to prevent aids counter to what Mark Wahlberg would have. You believe right. It's not just the Calvin's mark, sorry, but in the pursuit of Jesus's love they not only waited to have sex, they waited until marriage to kiss yeah. That sounds right, each other [Music] [Laughter]. So do they go from not even kissing them to sticking it in okay, so I'm reading the waiting until marriage to kiss isn't something you'll hear much about from pop culture. Although saving sex, kissing or any other intimate act for marriage is a rarity, it can be done. So that's what there claiming to have done. Yes, interesting I can't wait to see these nutsack. So here we go. [Music] loving that, like this, like ratio very solid, very very song, yeah YouTube rewind right there. Well, let is there any way we can get them to kiss, because with lesbian is the most popular category and I. Do it like most of the world? Apparently Russia wait 20 years and they'll get a kickin in Spain eight years, she's gonna get some day. What's what God's she I'll be doing all sorts of kissing and and I've never heard that term used on, ironically, like she means it. She like she's, excited about like being so quote-unquote loose in that in that way, it's fascinating loose in her definition like like she's, saying I'm, not ashamed to admit it. Cuz like just finally, you know: yes, exactly cuz the guy I like kiss interesting girl. You should have been kissing from the get-go because, like we saw the video, no, no, what we've seen that video there's another viral video of like a couple kissing at their um, like the French kiss at their wedding for the very first time. Oh yeah, you know that's why before you get married and it's real cream, well they're taking it to like the buy like they're like listen. Just don't I mean yes, but like God, [Music], [Laughter] yeah! Well, it's true, I'm gonna be God, raped the food. It's all me and Jack. How are you guys still function? I, don't know I really hard. It's it's all guys feel good. We felt it in. However, we go I, don't mean a speak for E, but we felt in an hour over. You know what the problem is: I'm pregnant, at least you're being honest, make ru sweeps week. The one thing I'm excited for you to be pregnant for, besides that we eat pizza every night. But my happy place. No yeah is that, when she's about you're four months pregnant in about four more months, I think we'll be able to do beach photos yeah there you go in white nudes or what pregnancy is all about. Are you crazy, but your Christmas cards could be dynamite yeah when you do exactly that, you just show your you just show your route so that it looks like an hourglass it'll, be amazing, beautiful. It's really can I'm very excited. In fact, we have an ultrasound on Monday where we find the gender for sure, even though we think it's a boy wait, so you want it. You want to huh yeah. We do. Has there been like a thing where you guys know like like? Oh I can tell no just in the last ultrasound. They said it looks like it might be a boy, but I wasn't sure. Are you tell the world or keep it to yourselves? When you find out, we already we're tying everything. Yeah yeah are you gonna have a really cool gender announcement where you set California on fire. I saw that oh I slow to pick sorry rich. It was a reach on I. Do have a sketch plan that I've already said on this, so I'm gonna. Do it I'm gonna go you know, people put it in like confetti and they shoot like blue or yapple yeah, so I'm gonna shoot it and it's gonna be white and I'm. Gonna. Look in the screen and say you assumed my baby's gender white. You stick get real posed to the microphone like how is so funny to me like in Israel. We don't have the baby gender. They don't have time. They just shoot them out in the leg that works. Let's give you a quick run. The miracle of birth, I think I'm, proud forty, eight months, no sex that works huh. You know if you had like weird like food stuff, something I've always heard about. I am eating pizza now or dude. Really so weird, oh, my god. Here's a crazy, but she taught of pickles, which is weird. Okay, that's a break yeah! It's pickles and peanut butter. Oh yeah, like I, Love, Lucy style yeah. You know the one thing that's been happening to me: I can go into Ross like I, can't stand the smell like a really intense, fried chicken smell, but you were like okay beforehand, mm-hmm interesting, okay. So it's something heightened like your your your sensitivities. Maybe okay mm-hmm, she doesn't know and she's never been nauseous. So I was cooking chicken the other day and she had a panic attack. Oh chickens, chickens, a trigger yeah, that's okay, spooks you! So you gotta live that vegetarian life for a little bit yeah. Apparently that's fine you're in LA there are worse places to be vegan or vegetarian. You can get. You got a burger with everything vegetarian style. Well, tell me or Mexico I may have told the story, but it just is so funny. We literally were dying laughing right, a pizza place in Mexico, and we order on the menu there's a pizza with, like you know, bell peppers, black olives, mushrooms and pepperoni, and we so we've. So we say we want this one, but no pepperoni and he's like. Oh so do you want bacon and we're like no meat he's like? Oh. So do you want steak and we're like no meat? No, that else do you want pork, we're like no meat like couldn't that he was never hauling us. We started looking each other and just laughing because it was getting so crazy. He couldn't understand. He thought he was misunderstanding, that's fascinating yeah. What else is different? Would food like? Do you guys cook a lot at home or like order out I like it when we cook, but sometimes we got too busy she's eating a lot? That's! What's up yeah and I've gained weight. There's no question I. Think I've gained like 10 pounds, if I'm being honest since you've, been pregnant and I'm having like the craziest shits like so much like. Well, it's crazy I'm. Sorry, my shits have been insane and here's something they don't tell you about antidepressants that I learned ever since I started. Taking those my shits have been a 1. One time is like know like I know it's gross, but you got to come in. You get a look at what would be right to call you in. It was fine because I always had like diarrhea, really loose nasty, bowel movements, lots of cleaning issues, and so my shits are like beautifully sculpted one by one yeah, like the quality like and then I'll be taking like the fattest shipment. The size of my like intact, one piece intact, like guys in my whole forearm, like I, haven't been having shits like this. Since I was like 12. What's the secret, are you like? How are you eating differently? Are you not a monster? It's the anti too Preston I! Guess it! Oh I'm! Sorry, that's not on the Metamucil anymore and I do take the Metamucil, but before I started the antidepressant, my shits weren't that much better like at least the form, but then I, guess I, guess the antidepressant makes you constipated and it even me out. Oh that's interesting knightly and like a car, you had like an emergency brake sort of thing going on where, like beyond what a? What like a someone else in in a similar situation would mean. Maybe this may be just the negative effect was a positive, that's right and sometimes I wonder if I'm sometimes I wonder if the antidepressant works at all or if I'm just happy all the time cuz my shits are so up to chance. Dude I guess: yeah I get excited every day when I hit it they're, just fiber pills, I swear to god, yeah they're, just straight fiber, I get excited and every day every day and I swear got us the hell. Out of my day, it's like cuz I've been living. My life with this nightmare of of shits, and now it's just like mmm I, come out. Dancing, wouldn't celebrate that that's beautiful. Do you guys have a nice quality album? You know it's very. It's all flow and no AB. Okay, I got my hills and my valleys I'm just Gabby now water for eight years, actually dehydrate, oh yeah. If we were alive 100 years ago, you have died of dysentery or live, dysentery did I'm, pretty sure I would have died on the Oregon Trail. No offense I would have never left I mean like we all play the game. It was, it was even died of dysentery, terrifying, yeah yeah. That alone shocked me to my core about moving anywhere right, like what's the incentive to move anywhere after playing that game. Saying I don't want to go anywhere. Remember when games were on floppy disks. Get me, you know, like a hunt like one point. Four four megabytes could call it a whole game. You guys remember the hurtle game, hell yeah all stuff with the little turtle court here, yeah I, remember the turdy turtle work yeah you would give coordinates, and but you could pro is program exercise, but all I I never have ever understood programming in my life. So all it was to me was a turtle game where you tell this little turtle to go all right go over halfway across the screen, little buddy and he does it, but he draws a line behind him. Yeah all right now go down mm-hm and then you would make like a star in my case, I would like make pentagram. Oh, of course no I remember like I played that Earl game I played math, blaster and typing, and there was like these sick ass typing, like Mavis beat Isis yeah yeah I was maybe speak. Maybe c-game's was not a real person. Have you guys ever played the newspaper? What's the newspaper boy for the nes? That's the first game. I play like that should be a great smash fighter, karma yeah. You know Jack. If paper boy becomes a smash fighter, I think you should take credit now. You should be on the record. Oh yeah. What else will he be on yeah yeah yeah, strong, yeah I play Mavis Beacon online? Maybe you know you got their attention with that Ness video. So oh yeah, they definitely wanna watch me. Do you all watch that that video sucks man, but thank you- you got like like eight channels, I could watch you all want to step this podcast up and watch me play Mavis Beacon live! Oh my god, you up all right! Thank you! Yeah. They turn into a crazy wait. I'm clicking start again or fires out of five according to the rating. That's great, that's a that's! A solid eight games have to evacuate the house with that. Many damn 1987 get back to the lesbians. Oh yeah right, remember, waiting about not snow. Look! How low her blouse is that girl's, a straight-up guy shank like I, can I can almost see her cleavage. No joke is that they're, not eggs yank! You know we got we get it! Thank you, the joke is there. Clearly yours might not get it. They clearly have too many walls up. I think this necklace is way to provocative and the fact that she's drawing attention to her it's drawing way too much attention to her beautiful neckline and it's just frankly, I'm uncomfortable I'm and I'm. Getting a little turned on and it's too much I know you ever say what you know: what she's a dirty skank wearing a necklace like that she's a nasty little hose about to go kiss a lot this week. I can't wait for the verge calm. Disgusting youtuber calls another beautiful innocent, youtuber besting. You you hit, play and she's like so anyway. My dad's, a lawyer, h3 calls pure Christian girl, ass game right. She's, a skank, no she's, fine, okay, I'm excited now, but watch some Christian authors and they were sharing about how I feel bad making fun of these girls you what oh yeah, because, like oh man, if only they had had a regular upbringing up, ring yeah I, give you no. They wouldn't think of kissing as this as there's something that we unholy right, right, absolutely really cool, and now she does but Jesus Christ. Well, you see things. What is cool? Wait, a kiss yeah waiting, -, yes, okay, okay, that's two different things: kissing or waiting to kiss is cool. That's what he's excited okay and that's fair and she never had a summer as a world where you know we're waiting to kiss like that's like Jesus. That's part of growing up your first kiss when it's like you know you why, like that Boy Meets World episode, yes, Cory up shoves him up against the locker. Okay, y'all know what I'm talking about. Thank you, no I that episode. It has right past those amazing. The way I want to say. Do you remember your first kiss there yeah I? Do it was at a summer camp mm-hmm. Tell me about it. Give me the details. I mean it was. It was like completely embarrassing and weird and silly but like I was super young and it was like all right got that out of the way. Why was that weird? That's literally we're 25 that was yeah. It was just like what oh yeah I was 20. I was a counselor. I was super embarrassed and I really I couldn't follow through she was super. I was like it was back when I was, she was into it, and I must have been like 12. That's you and I ran away. Yes, because I was too embarrassed like a no I mean I the out of her I. Remember, that's! That's no I liked her that girl that I that I kissed it was like. Okay, we're girl, girlfriend boyfriend. Now no okay and I was staying with my grandma to go to this summer. Camp and I came home on that bus from the summer camp and I was like I have a girlfriend and then I came home and I went to bed and woke up, went to summer camp the next day and then, like I, didn't know what to do. She was like sitting over there and I was sitting over here with my buddies and I was like, did I go over there and they were like I. Don't know we were the ones good at sports. Why the did you get this and and then later, in the day she walked over with all of her friends and she was like I decided we're, not boyfriend and girlfriend all right. I, don't blame you, it was fun yeah you got yours. Baby I was like yo, I got mine and yeah like shades came out of the heavens of course. Obviously deal with it. Yeah did you guys do the heart necklace? Is there like break into half? No, did you do that with boys yeah? You did that with boys. You never tell me that ela, no, it's not gonna. Tell me that stuff itself yeah, don't let them know about our necklaces. It's like we, someone would give it to you and then you're like go find boyfriend, but it doesn't mean anything like you know. I know that was a thing intangible weight indicating that you are in fact offerings. Do you get half hearts from multiple boys and what happens if you get too many suitors? It wasn't anything like that. What was your first kiss so much right now, Yeah right! You don't remember your first kiss. Everyone does that's what your money meant to you oh come on. She does you just don't want to talk about it, but that's fine, I, don't think I. Remember! Thank you. Okay, that's fine! I'll, tell you mine, I got a juicy one I was in I was a late bloomer. Please, please yeah! Let her let her let her lap. He can do ghost stories. I was a kid. I was 16 and I liked a girl who had a boyfriend that wasn't me yeah. It was juicy um, but she liked me kind of oh yeah. She liked me so what happened was we went to like I went to her house, but we went to like she happened to have in her backyard. She had a Creek right and like whoo like where this is going. Oh, it was like in the fall away, yeah go to three and we like wade into the creek a little bit. You know with like running water, and you know it's like a brook I, don't know the difference being a park in the creek, but it was. Did you relive this magical moment? It was the hottest moment of my life, man, no so like, and she had this boyfriend, but she was like all right, close your eyes and we kissed. While we were in this Brooks /. Oh, that's a beautiful magical thing and she was like taken, but she was my first kiss she was taken, but smitten Oh aptly put. My friend aptly put damn you're pimp dude, but like never advanced beyond that, so she stayed with him yeah. Of course, yeah I got caught Emily, but she was my first kiss so in other words, I got mine. Oh wait was that what that must have been tough for you? It was. It was that's a that's emotion, as a young man to my teeth, like that. Oh absolutely I suffered immensely because, like we both clearly liked each other, this girl and I a nice car. Well, he had a boyfriend Jimmy. She was kind of two-timing, you know, but it's like you know, it's that's the game of love. We all play the game of love. You just weren't equipped yet - I wasn't -, get it. Oh god, I wasn't equipped for anything. I was 16. I was playing smash in my basement. You know like where is she now she's? Still in that Creek son of a [, __ ] I, think she's doing that Creek I think he was like Arthur's sword season three of the first and last time pretty executive. She learned her lesson. Wouldn't it be hilarious if the new season of True detective aired and like Jack is the murderer, but he's he's like legally yelling is there's an NDA where he can't tell us. So we were like doing this podcast and like we're talking about the new season of period that was like joking, like that totally crazy right watch, the last episode Jack's little [, __ ] down by the creek I, have my first kiss I, somehow gained like 50 pounds for the role yeah gained it. It's all 50 pounds of muscle. What else we got well speaking up hold on just going backtracking a little bit, because we talked about the lovely bones a little bit: oh yeah, so Ryan Gosling of all people was supposed to be the villain in The Lovely Bones, and he gained a significant amount of weight. He's supposed to be the villain you're supposed to be the villain he's about like the Martin about, know, lovely bones: it's about a girl who gets like rapes and killed. Oh comedy oh, and it's from her point of view from like yeah. You never see it, but like you get it and it's implied it's very dark but like Ryan Gosling was supposed to be that guy, but Stanley Tucci I, Stanley -. She was the guy instead I'm / director, but Ryan I'm. So Ryan I'm. Sorry, the whole point is this: was a this was a TI Ellen right. This was a today I learned or movie details, one of those but like Ryan Gosling gained literally 30 to 50 pound. He never did the part they filmed it and Peter Jackson. The director didn't like he's like this guy, you imagine, it's gonna go bad as imagine as a actor you gained 30 to 50. That's like reshooting, a YouTube video I saw them. I was like a YouTube video. It was just green screens everywhere it was. There was no I was there for the scenes where they dumped the, where he dumps the body into the pit yeah and the creek yeah, or no just like a big trash mole that they I know it's a tired man like dumps her in a box into the thing yeah I was there for those days and for the neighborhood days, where oh sure, there's a like in the coldest sack of the neighborhood right was like our burger kind of it was like in Pennsylvania. Just the weirdest really ya know. I always forget, you're, like is that your only boy, your - place to film the lovely bones, I love, Philly, I, don't get why you don't love Philly, but so I brought me wrong. Yeah! It's not that I, don't love it! It's that I'm done with it. I mean it's a rough, it's kind of a rough place in it. It's the only place I've ever there Rockets in it. Really. You know if I get beat up somewhere, I'm gonna leave, yeah you've been beat up in Philly. Tell me yeah: what's it I think he told me your neighbor here is there were her like that's something I thought they were pipes, but while I was getting beat up upon your internal infection, they were pieces of bicycle trash, it's the older bicyclist and then little his body like the ball out like rebar like pieces, who use that to hit me a bunch of times right before I was about to move into this place and I was like I'm, just gonna move in there and I'm gonna. Do it that's walk that you don't want some pipe wielding little punks, oh sucked! You gotta stay with yesterday. What that's nice time we go to Philly man like it's, a Phillies are great. Well, why do you go to Philly yeah I mean so my so Aaron, my wife is is from all right. You know like she well she's from a town like just outside of I mean like she spent a lot. She's lived in fit like in downtown Philly and early on, like when we just started dating in early 2013 I like lived with her in her apartment in Philly for a month it was, but it was one of those things where I like I was just gonna like hang out with her, for because she had come out to LA to like visit me. I hang out with me for a week, so I returned the favor the following year in early 2013 to hang out with her in Philly, and it was just supposed to be a week and then a week turned into two weeks three weeks and then a whole month over month. But it's just it's a hell. It's just such a fun. You walk everywhere. Unlike LA, you can't walk anywhere in LA unless you're in downtown, but no one's in downtown. You can walk anywhere in Philadelphia, it's a very walkable city, there's so much to do. We went out to dinner just about every single like a different place. Every night cuz like it's just there's so much to do in Philly food doesn't seem to cross over. With your anecdote. Well, I mean I. I have plenty of good things to say about Philadelphia, but they're. All after I left you like LA, like we moved out of there. My parents moved us out of Philly when I was 12 11, something like that. Cuz uh, a gangster got shot outside of our house or a mobster. It was terrifying. That's a like Italian mafia, a rough neighborhood, no not at all, but there was FBI in some of the apartments that were like, oh watching us, because at the end of our block, I grew up in at fifth and Katherine in Philadelphia, and there was a takeover of the the mob scene at the time. This guy Joey, Merlino, hmm and as I, was a guy Ching golini and Shing lien II had an older brother who was with the current heads of the of the mob, and so these these younger boys put out a hit on the older brother. He got shot went to a hospital. The hospital was where my father worked at the time and these guys put the hit out from apparently the end of the block where I lived on so my dad's over here at this hospital they bring in Ching Galini was always like we're mobsters in the hallway and and then meanwhile, at my house. My mom has somebody like a patient over that she's talking to, and so in retaliation for the hit to put that guy in the hospital they come over and just start firing at the guys at the end of the block who, by the way it used to be a green piece, and then this Junior MAFIA took over and they turn into an exterminators which is I. Think one of the funniest reversals you guys a classic comedy reversal right there. So anyway, they shot the out of these guys join me. Lino got shot in the ass. A bunch of people died on your street, one person died, I think it was Ching galini's brother, this younger guy, died, and then this is by the way, I'm I'm, not a Wikipedia article for this. So if I'm wrong, it doesn't make the whole thing wrong. Yeah. It just makes like that part wrong. So did it escalate the tingling gay war? No, it was like pretty much over. That was that, because it was just like what the and then watch them as far as like I was concerned, or my family was concerned, because I think our house was already on the market when that happened, but once that happened and really put a fire under my parents, ester like selling after that happen, I doubt it because it was like now. If you go to that neighborhood, it's beautiful right, but at the time it was just these. These got mooks here. Is that a word? It is now man he's got Mook silver on them to the street. Ei get the exterminated they're the ones getting exterminated. I realized how I don't know I realize how good fella's Merlino isn't her prison right now they found him as as high-profile as this guy was by the way he was like limping away with a bullet in his ass and they found him under someone's bed when they were coming to arrest them. Remember that from the news, oh, they kicked someone's door in there's this movie gonna be amazing. You know right, I want to watch jingle, Amy I mean jingling key hey at least they didn't fire. His name gets more of it glad they use bullets and not do that. I want this movie written from your perspective. My perspective would be like an eight-year-old comes home and they're loading, a body into an ambulance and they're girls like we still got a Nintendo, don't care at all, yeah like the worst movie ever. What's that nothing, nothing get the house right right. What is that looks like a dead body? No, no! No! No again! Sagan's I ever having I'm, always amazed. Looking back on on my capacity to not give a when I was a kid yeah like no matter what awful thing was happening in the world, I just didn't care at all. Well, your yeah, your brains, wired locally! You know, we've pretty much reached the end of our document. No we've got hajiman. Well, we got on the pod youment yeah. Well, we've got bacon vending machine, okay, okay, we also have Eric reacts to YouTube rewind I had a pitch for you guys. Yes, the rewind I would love to just get a brief out there on I was making sure that I wasn't getting a text message from my dad being like don't talk about that, oh nice, because I remember the last time I was on. He was like I. Remember, phones! Do we have notes. We have notes from our answer on my parents. Usually they do have something to say every once a while I have I, don't have anything for your parents. However, I do have a summary of answers for all of the furry questions we had earlier in the oh. Yes, how better had fun at the park were there about an hour just returned from a walk, shredder poops I'm trying feed him now. Do you guys use the app that's really? What's adding the dog walk out, my man I? Don't trust rain! That's way better! We love shredder, tell me about the furries. If you would please, okay, so a gentleman with a little furry, avatar named Dan reached out and Diane yep, so Dan, just some real, simple bullet-pointed answers. Here's furries are like any fandom. The way I like to think about is basically saying that furries are all about sex is like saying everyone who watches anime like hentai okay hold on. Let me Twitter. Let me put a stop. First of all, fandom of what I think his point is saying that it's a it's a diverse fandom there and then it's not a monolith. There are different sexes in it if you will, and so so is being a furry. Putting on a suit like word is because that seems like an extreme. So where does furry ism start I like yeah I? Think the suit is a requirement. I think that's kind of the base. That's that's! That's an extreme! That's not like watching anime! That's getting in a suit and going meeting people well hold on. He addresses that so and again furry people I'm, not I'm, just I'm trying to understand cuteness I, carry it it's a new furry people and I and I. Don't want to be that just you aren't, but I do have a 250, IQ and I'm trying to stress my massive intellect. What's it like up there that view so go ahead, please Dan! So he says he does agree. Many fur suits, especially the faces and eyes are definitely kind of creepy or off in some way, but they're super expensive and the nicer they are the pricier. So I guess he's saying you know the cheap ones are gonna, look creepier well, I! Think I think it's just an uncanny thing: cuz! It's like a fox humanoid uncanny valley. Yes, but please Danny, if you kept sure- and so he says on that note, since they're so expensive and hard to clean most people who own them, we don't usually not have sex in them right. There are even some drama in the past where people are saying that those who do have sex in their suits shouldn't wear them in public. But who knows how that argument ended so among how many fake bunk, how many fandoms are there arguments amongst themselves about wearing their suits having sex in their suits like it's clearly a part of the Quantic right in my suit? It's definitely an eye on that I'm suit. I would want to come. It's a calm to spend all this money on a suit. Well, you're! A footage. Do you want to mark your territory so I got it I! Think the anime comparison is apt in that he's saying you know like myself, you know I enjoy anime but I'm not into the hentai aspect of it, which is sort of like it's a subculture within a subculture. Ok, the people that are that it's super sexual for within the Ferdie community. That's just one section: ok, you know ok and so, and then he says a bad dress. He this is a different person. Also talked about bad dragon is basically a website that makes weird sex toys mostly marketed towards furries those wearable things are basically like a dildo that goes around your dick. So there you go so you don't get any well, you don't get any physical, well, I, guess the person wearing it does because the debts that is wave nicer than your own other. If you want to you, can get electrodes. Does it well? Yeah I've got a guy. I got a prop thick that looks like a creature from shape of water. Oh I, just I just shot myself in the deck with it on and film it for fiber they don't. Interestingly, I've killed a couple people with it, and so the bad dragon is a is a penis modification that looks like an animal's. Well, Bacchus is just a website. My website is sold various different, your own tiny, little pathetic human penis right, but for those of you at home that dragon calm, Pakistan will love that yeah and then his final point here is that not everyone who likes furries really buys into the fandom. Some people really live it like with any fandom, but some people just like it and don't really go to conventions, and let's do this I've just what are they fans of dressing up his animals, yeah cosplay, cosplay cosplay? What I'm missing is I feel like there's. An organ cozy play I. Think there's an origin to this that we're not understanding right now. What's the origin, where does it come from? There's got to be its cosplay like how did they decide that they loved dressing up like foxes like? What's the origin, there's got to be a show yeah, it was yeah. What's the first piece of entertainment, where the main character was an animal anthropomorphic, yeah animal Fox, Felix, the Cat, it was a Winnie, the Pooh and just him walking around without no pants Mickey did a lot of people were like yo, but I want I want to know the origin. That's the big! Well, that's weird too, because you know the the furry thing: it's all animals but like it seems, and I could be wrong about this, but it seems like 80% of them foxes yeah, it's all Fox! So there's something going on there. Well foxes are sexy one of the sexier animals, yeah yeah, you know, like you, look at uh! Oh, do you look at a fox and yeah? Try not see it. Horn, wait! What's okay! What's the sexiest Fox, though I'm the one from the Fox and the hello me, what am I thinking of Disney yeah Fox was filed from smash and I've, seen that that's like one of those old like from the 60s Animated Classics of Disney at the Fox and the Hound, no I'm more of a [ __ ] and lady in the trailer. Ladies yeah. More of a I don't think there are any foxes in that movie. I would come on the trip. We know you what the [ __ ] would. Is that not like a skank it you, so it used to means something different. So so so um Charlie Chaplin played the the lovable [ __ ], like his character, was a [ __ ] and it was just kind of like it meant something different back in the day when I said back in the day, I mean like in look twenties. Thirties I apologize, if that's not quite the right timeline, but it used to mean something so Lady and the [ __ ] did not mean like because it was lady, the lady dog and then [ __ ] was like this homeless kind of like that vagabond little guy, yeah yeah, and so it meant something different. So today, in today's standard you know [ __, ] stamp, that's obviously a derogatory. You know term for that Disney making a movie called like lady in the skank skank in a bottle. Yeah, that's gonna, be their next CGI live-action remake after Aladdin after Mulan. Well, I've got to know: what's with the farm on Wikipedia, oh very I mean you can look it up easily. The furry fandom is a subculture interested in anthropomorphic animal characters with human personalities and characteristics. The white box is you're right, then they're all foxes, yeah, mostly Fox. The Fox thing seems to that's the number one. A foxes is sexy, yeah all right, let's see, we've got, we've got all of the good stuff. Oh we never. We never did. Watch the the married that Mary Owens you'll. These skanks I want to pitch some tramps. Yes, these tramps they can go. Kick rocks! Yes vetoing this. You think! That's a dangerous watch, no I'm just saying do you think they do anal? Do you think they do a not you there's a lot of credit and there's a lot of religious girls who don't have sex because it's forbidden until they get married, but they they take it up the butt you guys heard about smoking, really yeah soaking. What does that mean? Oh, please, that is a Mormon thing where, before you're allowed to actually have sex you can insert, but just leave it there. What you can't go in and out no I'm soaking wait. You mean the penis body go Mormon, so you talking about a penis or a toy penis lucky. This is in the vagina, but as long as you don't move I'm into that, but no, no, that's a short calm down. Okay Google that Google's soaking! First of all, there's no way that you can soak and not end up so there's. Okay, there is the game's called fear of God. No yeah, you guys know just a tip. Yes, yeah, just a tip never ever ends with the guy not coming like just the tip is always like the guy yeah like hey, hey, baby, just a tip yeah, and then they, like you, know, he's like just the tip: okay, I, usually just 20% yeah anyway, my dick. Let's give a good right now, right now, I wish we were watching that video was all downhill. That was the most entertaining video of the night. Yeah well see we're getting find new characters in 2019 Petey piranha plant is the number II characters are they're like home launch on launch. There's like. Oh, you only get 70, 70 I! Think, oh when you like, no okay, okay, you get eight and you have to unlock the rest yeah in total at launch. There are over 70 there's like some more that's gonna, be like 100 50 by the oh wow. That's a cray that fill that bag up makes the cut everything. That would be a lot mark yeah. What's the subreddit for the for that, because I'm gonna have to filter it out, because I don't want to see a goddamn announcement for a new character every two weeks. Well, you know well you're, not seeing it. You ain't got a problem. All right here comes a hat right he's just a hat! You gotta, be you and be excited for a hat new challenger right right, right, Newt Gingrich, oh, my god! I would play nice. Birds he's really trying to get in with the kids I. Guess, let's wrap it up as I go sorry! It's been million dollar idea. It's been almost three hours but I'll take the let's. Let's make it to three I'm very excited about this, so you guys are talking about the YouTube rewind I. Don't give a about that right, the rewind itself, but next year, I really want to see an h3 wined h3 one where you hit up all your friends like to me and then make the video that everybody wanted to see. Why is YouTube got to make the phone I? Don't think I'm the guy for that finger on the pulse? You know what I mean. Well, you got. You got people to help you out. You got people coordinated, lady, wined, h3 wine I mean the name is kind of too good to pass on yeah. It is a good idea. It should be like everyone who slipped up and said the N word, make it ian's and I'll. Do a quick roll, Instagram and PewDiePie and more compilation. Yes, h3 wine, n-word comp, h3, wined I, just I'm just saying: okay, I want to put it out there think about it. Jack looks like he wants to make that n-word cut right now. [Music] I'm, sober dan, no I think that's a great idea. H3 wine, 2019 YouTube, can make whatever they want. Mm-Hmm they're gonna make some weird: that's a really caters to a certain demographic that they're happy about your through, isn't always at the same date. I think so. Yeah I'm always surprised when it comes out. Yeah, I didn't but I think there there's got to be some method to the here's. Here's. My reason for wanting this is that, like so many people seem to give a right yeah, why do you? Why do you honestly care what this website makes? I'll tell you why I'll tell you exactly why? Because it affects us all Eric, okay, and if it looks bad to one, it looks bad to all of us. No, it's it's! A lot of like was a 10 million dislikes or whatever that's exactly what I did to a meme? Really it wasn't mean to dislike it. Let them make whatever the hell they want, but I think the it's hard not to care I. Don't know why it's just the the the burden with making a good one should not be on them because clearly they're not going, they drop the ball, the burden of making the going shitty on you. It requires a lot of resources. A lot of coordinating that ya do I can't get like I can't get. You could do it year-round year-round anytime, you get a guest on the podcast, get there so that I'm gonna veto that it's gotta be at the end of the year. Yeah I'm. Sorry like I, see what you're going, but it's gotta be like a lot and you all think and and I'm just I think to mate I. Just you know, I, don't it's a lot of responsibility. Eric and I'm really stressed out already just thinking about I guarantee, I mean I'm, not I'm, not the say all be all or anything like that. Go let's make a poll. Okay, you make the rewind. Let's take a poll all right, but I don't have a catchy name for it. It's the it's the YouTube, the h3 wind rolls right off the tongue. It really does. It really does h3 the threes, even like a backwards e, we're gonna. Think of one. It's the key wine. He wine baby do the h3 one I wish I could yeah - yeah? What would yours be? It would start with Will Smith hell, yeah version of him and then like melting puddle and then in the puddle. You see the planet nibiru coming around the Sun, then it so all up all the oceans of Earth. You have this. This is totally off-the-cuff and then and then what happens is Steve. Bannon is riding one of those waves up towards the Sun and he turns to the camera, and he says something incredibly hateful but poignant. Yeah. Everyone agrees with. He just drops. The Emma with a hearty are drops of. Laurie are blowin and ends purposeful and then, like a check, gets shot at him and he catches it right before it kills him like deck hmm and he slowly inserts it in his ass, and you see it close-up I'm, just saying it 2019, you guys we're getting the Suzanne three hours and that Susan comes out and says now: that's a rewind yeah, damn good, just cut it off yeah yeah! Damn it dance with me by the way he's been hitting me up on our little office cat. Stop us wrap it up. He goes, let's wrap it up. Well, our live. Look at he's again we're getting Henny right, hashtag, H, three ones, everybody spin me! None shall be forced to there's really no choice here. Do you think Will Smith will do everyone for me. I think Mike will just give me one of these scribing it as that I. Don't know if that's entirely insensitive thanks. No thanks, I think he goes like I know, I. Think, like I, think it's like a R&amp;B hip-hop, like old-school RPA, nobody's trying so hard not to act because, like I said this is the this. Is the performance of his career because nobody has had to try to pretend to like fortnight and YouTube as much as Will Smith that he doesn't yeah his opening line is I want fortnight and Marquis Brown, so you do know you do know who you're like yeah watch the first 20 seconds yeah and then I I'm 30? Why just love you that's by the way they promote it? It's like everywhere. Oh it's! They like knock their heads. No, they cheat there. Yes, absolutely! You know they shot that with Marquis Brown in the bus before the got Will Smith, because he just looks into the camera he's like. Is this what you wanted? Yes, all I can think about is like alright, whoever we get you're gonna say: I want fortnight or can't Anna hug, you I, don't know I just don't know about this one. Ah, he directed everyone most like the goat, who sounds like a man. Sound yeah I know that yeah yeah yeah, you think, he's mad that they didn't give him like proper direction like like. Do you think he had final approval over this or did up in there at least right? Oh no, Will Smith probably did he probably cuz. If I will Smith Oh Billy, we gotta be a part of it. I think he's legit happy to be a part of free wine because, like he I checked his channel out and he is like legit trying to delve into the YouTube world and I. Think like just any involvement, I mean that any involvement in rewind he is very happy to get I agree like he's in his in his channel trailer. He sounds like YouTube has reinvigorated me. It's given and to be fair, I. Think that's cool like I mean yeah one hand, it's like it's an a-list, a triple haleyss dude Hollywood star getting into you too, but on the other hand like if it gets them excited like I, can't afford something for as long as they don't put an ad for sell allergy, exactly dogs in a Volvo Dianetics yeah I'm, raising my kids in a cryo chamber, I, probably being a on YouTube yeah at all, I mean for us of course yeah. But, like people said like making, was it last year? Was it the rock it was the 1 or 2 years ago? Was the rock I forget which one like he opens a fan by the way. How active is the rock like? That was a good bet once he never knew right right, you never knew it. Yeah where's, not, but like will actual rewind I would want fortnight I. Also the premise of this videos exactly that's a dab of a moment absolutely. But the premise is like that: Will Smith is in charge of rewind, it's like it's all. You baby you're the one you're neo yeah that wasn't the best cure to make it yeah. It's like whoever watches us put will in charge to rewind yeah. It's like a fever dream like he drops Aston and hallucinates. It should but little dude from the bag. Man thing yeah bad. If I was a control, everyone I would be bad. That and the Christian girls do anal yeah look I, don't know what you guys have against dude. The rewind would be fun. That's amazing! Let's h three wind, this podcast please, but only after this he's talking to well, it's like yeah. What are we all just singing and dancing try to impress Will Smith. Is this what you wanted? Well apparently, according to marques Brownlee, he they shot like hours of footage for this. But of course you only see like mere seconds, so they I think they had a lot of different options. Were you in last year's I was in like we were in the dance scene, right, yeah, hey. There was like a a second of you did you know going in that was two years. Two years ago there was like a frame of me yeah. Last year there was a slight smidge, more I. Think you remember seeing two years ago. I do not know. I would be like that cut out of it two years ago. I don't know if I can clue. I know it's just one of those like you're. There all day make the most of it, and you hope- and you pray that now, some smidge of you makes it into the final cut. That's all it is, and they never guarantee it until like the day of comes out. Well, because they have editors and they have notes, they have producers, there's so many and different things away and get it they're very brand focused with this whole thing. The entire thing is an advertisement. It is to advertisers it's how how safe we are healing. We are gonna make it there, like, oh my god, Will Smith, my buddy, exactly and so like yeah. Everyone myself included, made fun of YouTube rewind for like Oh Will Smith he's my favorite youtuber pause for laughter, but at the same time it's very appealing to see this Triple A lister Hollywood star in this thing, because that's all it is yeah, it's an it's an advertisement and I can't fault YouTube. Are you a reporter late? For that I mean they got to do what they got to do and that's all I'm and and well as long as people don't expect anything better right, I feel like they have a scene about a crazy person, because this thing came out and everybody hated and I was like wait. You shocked, you surprised this well well! Well, that's because these two pointed out in your excellent recap: video that YouTube rewind wasn't always this totally hateable thing. In fact, it used to be quite likeable and loved it. It's funny that I'm diving into being a complete [, __ ] here, because it's just you being ignorant, that's what I've always been in a apk EPK was an electronic press kit thing: it's just the way to show you yours right, you've been on set before it's. It's nonsense! It's a nonsense thing you watch it and you're, not investor wasting! Well like there yeah, they got everybody, but but they didn't, though they didn't get a lot of people. That's it's not like funny or entertaining. They didn't get a lot of city players that, like so shane dawson, for example like he is like like him or not. He was a huge part of youtube this year, a lot of people yeah and a lot of you a lot of people. I think next year is gonna, be awesome because they've got nothing to lose. I think next year's gonna rock more it's gonna, be Susan on her back, taking a giant check mark in the ass and being like. Is this what you wanted? Super close-up hairy, [, __, ], cuz, she's, a MILF right she's in the middle dad and I said cut it he's in the milk category, we're starting there we go and then it's just her I'd like to apologize for everything. So is this which will start with Will Smith trying to drown his start Will Smith and he goes no I controlled rewind. It would be Susan Wojcicki on her back taking it up the ass with the bear bite. She would be like a human. Is this what you wanted, we'll all right guys, thanks for watching lobby mom - next Tuesday, we got a charity stream and a floppy mom yeah next week on Tuesday days, gonna be huge. It's me one of our biggest last year we raised 240,000 this year, we're gonna top it because we've got tons of amazing stuff to give away. We've got Joey salads back in the studio to torture for our amusement. We've got so much amazing stuff, written and Morty exclusive merch h3 historical merch, and if you play your cards right, you might see Susan Wojcicki, I'm just kidding. Nobody wants to. You know yeah love Susan. She tries her best she's good at her she's. Really great is the music music playing yep, okay, so that wraps. This concludes. This episode of the boys are back in town Jack, the film's the legend. Thank you. So much I wish you well just keep working man. Don't just keep just keep grinding -, hey you're gonna work, your way to the rut, it's inevitable. You know what I'm saying: hey baby boy, yeah shoot - the both of you and to you as well, but you don't need my help. Hey. Thank you. So much make a video every once in awhile. I'll, be happy, don't know more once a month is good yeah. Thank you. Once a week, 20 19 you. Alright. We've got two more episodes this year, so you don't. You won't want to miss it. The hangar aid, just like thanks for watching, don't wanna, miss you babe, don't cooperate the song and I all right. Just.