Welcome everybody today, three podcast live thank you to Dollar, Shave, Club, quip and hymns for sponsoring this episode, the a Street podcast! God bless you. Today's guest, oh I, forgot to open the thing today's well. Today's guest is the Lord of spice the greatest interviewer over time generation. Well, I, don't know if we can say all time, I don't I would not. I would know get excited, I could say it mate. It may be that you become that the verb, because you're young man, you have much more of your good work ahead of you yeah, but you're setting me up I feel like okay, greatest interviewer of with chicken wings on YouTube, not only get all that out and YouTube complexes hosts of hot ones, the great and wonderful Sean Evans. Thank you. So much for being here, I appreciate you being here so much god bless you. Thank you for having me it's an honor I have to say one of the coolest things we've done in our career is probably being on your show that I remember that fateful afternoon that was a beautiful thing like in West Hollywood. Your show has become this, like is so legendary on new media. I think that it's one of the highest honors I think a lot of people come from traditional media there's, probably still some who don't know what the show is yeah of people who know what it is it's like. Yes, it has like it has a cult quality to it for sure for sure, mmm. Well, first of all, as the king of spice and the dude has eaten a Carolina Reaper twice in multiple times who eats the hottest sauce in the world on a weekly, sometimes daily basis, it's true eyes conquered the world of heat and a half how's your butthole doing what hole is holding up for everybody who's concerned out there. It is just it's battle-tested, it's military-grade! It's never been better. You know, I've! Really! It's like it's like somebody getting in the gym. You know what I mean I feel like I've, just built up a superhero butthole at this time. Yeah. What's your favorite toilet paper Charmin, you know triple-ply. If they had a six ply or 12 ply or 15 ply would be all that in a teamfight weapon with the book yeah, exactly clogging that tie up every time, always looking for good toilet paper and so far I haven't found that perfect white well I feel like too cuz. There's such a range like I, don't know what animal would use. Some like single ply public bathroom toilet paper when just for like another 40 cents, you can just have that quality. Comfortable spirit I feel like their only business is on people who abide by accident-- right right and I've been there and I'm like oh wait. There's enough stopped at the corner, store to pick up toilet or this or just offices or hotel. Have you noticed no matter how nice of a hotel you stand? It could be a five-star Four, Seasons I, don't know oh great, they always have shitty toilet paper. It's like they decided. That's the one place, we're all gonna cut the corner and -. You know what drives me insane is that they always have like nine different types of face lotion at some places, and then they never have toothpaste but like toothpaste, you can't get that on TSA and I always have that problem where I'm, like I, don't have toothpaste. But why isn't that standard like to paste toothpaste should be at every how everyone is going on? It's like yeah I got a riddle. It seems like because when you stay at these nice hotels, they they get like lotion from all these companies. Try lotion, you can buy some at the front counter. Toothpaste, hello, there's, definitely a void in the marketplace there. We are already there's a great Eddie, Murphy I, don't remember, I think was a Murphy he's like I. Don't care how [ __ ] up your life is how poor you are get the two-ply like you know, everybody can afford that to apply for sure we're this luxury. Everyone deserves well before we get started. We made a little tribute tribute to you. Well an appreciation of your spice and vulnerability. Your super powers, one may say, I'm excited. So here's a little tribute so if anyone at home is not familiar with Sean Evans, if that's possible, shame on you long pause, but if you happen not to be just a big fan like us, please enjoy this video as a tribute and I hope you enjoy it I'm already into it. [Music] [Music]! That's why you can do it I'm, just a normal guy. There you go wow, that's like something that should play out of loop at a modern art museum shout out, Alex, oh definitely pulling his weight around here. I! Think, there's a little attention! Little you see, there's a there's, an easter egg in the undershirt. Is that what you're gonna point out? No! No! What the hell do you do? I! Look at you, don't see that you don't see that at Eddie fresh sure, that's at Eddie, fresh t-shirt. You see the little peeking out. You are ripping what I was gonna say that he he you've seen this gag where they make a wink, but they like they just distort it in Photoshop. What he did is he found you winking. Another video cropped it out over your face. Pretty convincing it was I fell for that I was like did I wink, but what that really is meant to celebrate is you're you're, seeming, Lea and vulnerability to spice. Are you what's the deal? Do you not show it? Are you just? Do you build a tolerance to spice? What's going on with you I think that, and maybe you could probably help with this having been on the receiving end, is that when you're doing the show I think that there's a responsibility with the interview that kind of turns you into a superhero, you know you have to like keep the show moving and like the pace. So even if you are uncomfortable, you can kind of get outside of it. The same way, you know like an athlete in a moment of being exhausted, might do something superhuman or like a mother that sees their child rolled under a Volkswagen. Might have that, like super strength, to pick up the car and get them out from being pinned under the tire you know that makes a lot of sense, so I think that that's part of it and then too I think that there's a part of it that is like I, need to show a strength, a show of strength to you, the guest as sort of a comforting thing, you're the you're, the commander, who leads the charge I'm like a shaman yeah. Exactly so there's like part of it where you know, if I'm freaking out, then maybe you freak out like if I go on at Bear Grylls a show and he's like we need to scale this waterfall and then he's like trying to do it and freaking out and crying and stuffed and I'm like I'm, not going up there with him. You know what I mean so like if I'm freaking out you're, not gonna, keep going and part of it. You know it's interview, but part of it is like helping see you through this journey. You know that's a great response. That's really powerful I can keep that going. So does that imply that somehow, when the interview is done that it hits, you I think like at this point now doing it like 110 times over the last two years and changed, there's nothing that I, don't expect. You know what I mean so I think that that helps and then there was a time early on where yeah it would like. [ __ ] up my day and maybe like [ __ ] up the day after, but now at this point like if I have a shoot at like two I could hit the gym at like 5:30 or 6:00, like I, am starting to adapt to a point that, like maybe, is like borderline concerning, but at least my life is keeping a better pace and you do you do any kind of like regulating your body. Is there any doctors involved so going on well, I'm, almost afraid to check it out. Cuz, like they'll, shut down my way or something like that, but you can't eat any more spicy food and then it's like bull now, you know and everything better off, just not knowing yeah exactly like I'd prefer to just not know the time. I'll question. If you don't go to the doctor, you can't get can't exactly like I think the ignorance is bliss and that respect okay, but then to is like I. Never really do anything like people give me like 10 million tips all the time, but I do just kind of ride it out and then at this point, I kind of enjoy it because you know like, as you know, there's so many like calls emails da-da-da-da-da when you do this and like I, can kind of build in an excuse if I'm like doing hot ones or like popping a pepper or like doing one of these shoots. Where I'm like no one talked to me for like three or four hours, you know and I'll just go home, I'll blast the AC I'll put on basketball, shorts, I'll catch up on some DVR I'll, listen to music and like I've. Actually come to appreciate that I can like play that excuse, like everybody, exactly respect exactly how like they think they have to get you that line, but now there's a trap. That actually sounds great yeah yeah. So tell me about this know you guys so since I was on the show yeah, what was the hottest one then I'm trying to put it? Would that be Blair's Megadeth sauce with that was the one yeah. So so, how does that compare now? Are you guys still using Blair's? Is that like number two or did you just so from the rotation we took that out and then we brought back this new like I was Blair that? Well, maybe you know I'm, probably at some level, but then Blair I feel like no Blair, I've I know Blair through people like I've, never met Blair, it's like loose on the bench, man in New Jersey, but I, also to think, like you know, he had such a run there for a couple seasons where you know he's like a jersey that we hang in the rafters. Like he's retired he's Hall of Fame like yeah. He has like a statue outside a stadium. You know, like his legacy, will live forever um, but then with those sauce is what we did. You know like speaking of the consequences of it. You know like when you do something like this. On a long-term level, we were like looking into you know like the possible side effects like from a health perspective, and it's like well, if you use natural ingredients, then you know, like you actually end up like cutting that down quite a bit really so like that was our move like we had to take the line up and move to you know more natural sauces was just direct based or yeah, so like a lot of those like super super hot ones, they'll use an extract or whatever, and that's look like really turns that up. So our challenge with this is like. Obviously, we need to make a super hot sauce. You know, like that's the name of the show, but then how do you do it with natural ingredients? So what we did with this? Is we hooked up with our boy- and you know I'm like grew reputation, smokin ed, curry, yeah and we put them on the phone and we're like that was our challenge. You know like how do we do this and what's funny about smoking, ed, curry, and then these just pepper growers in general, they're, all like Architects, are trying to build the tallest building, they're all kind of retained. This is subculture. Farmers is nuts and smokin ed. Curry might be the craziest one of them all. So he grew the Caroline like better I mean before he grew the Carolina Reaper, which for years and years was the Guinness Book World Records have aureus, pepper, right, notorious pepper, yeah, and then what happened? Is this farmer in Wales grew a Dragon's Breath chili that topped the Carolina Reaper, but smoke and IDI is always playing chatter to be telling me and I'm, not even sure, if I'm supposed to share it, but [ __ ] it. He has this this this war chest full of peppers. You know he's got aces up his sleeves that are all hotter than the Carolina Reaper and he had it. Even when the Carolina Reapers gonna be was feeling bad, he was a Larry top him so that he could just dunk on him right back like Kobe. So the next point in that line was pepper axe, so we're like alright. So if we take pepper axe and then we, you know like we and here's the other thing that we wanted to do, because it's not hard to make something super spicy, you know, and we don't want just a sauce. It's like well, you might as well just like teargas yourself in the face for your eyebrow yeah, so like a culinary challenge, isn't balancing that flavor and then making something that has a great flavor. So that was our goal. That was our challenge. Can you really enjoy the flavor of this? You tell me well, I want to say at the end of the show, cuz I don't want to ruin right, you're right. Alright, it's actually chat right. We wanted to try this and the crew wanted to try it so we're all okay pop the seal some day. Yes, okay, nobody's tried it. Okay, yeah I want to try it I want to try this. All of us are gonna. Try to end the show as I'm saying thank yous, but, like so tell me, compared to Blair's how much? How far have we gone? Well, I. Think that, like at some point you just get into the clouds where it's like you're. Just you know what I mean there's not that much separation I. Think, though, like on just biting into it. If you have like Blair's are de bomb, which you guys have bomb is the one I think was it number eight yeah and a bomb and I always see it with the guests is always the one we're like like this one's [, __ ] up and that's true, be the one that stands out my mind, the worst one right it is, it is for sure, and it's because it like it, has that just pure extract and then like very few. If any redeeming quality right only eating something, that's super hot. It also doesn't taste good. So it's just a miserable experience. All around so I think that, like having gone through that or like whatever, then this does seem like a reprieve, because at least it doesn't taste like [ __ ] like psychologically plus, like once you're in it, and maybe you can tell me from like being on that end and as somebody who's gone through it a bunch of times, I feel, like you know, it's not necessarily like an escalation in the saw like it's kind of a bell curve like it is you end up like eating and you're like? Oh, this is good and then you're like. Oh, this is getting spicy and then you're like oh I, want to die, and then you have like a couple wings left. So it has that like psychological thing, but once you get to that point, like your mouths, like so burnt out, you're so like into the show like you've sunk it into that seat. But it's like fine, you might as well get pepper sprayed like you're, not ready and, of course, a conditional you're. Definitely right once I hit the bomb because you're like man. How can it get any worse than this? But it actually, he doesn't really right. Yeah, you mean then number nine, because I did the last school too, because you have such unique experience. Do cuz you just enjoy so that number nine killed me mm-hmm, but and then the ten was I. Wonder if it's worse for you it's way worse. Okay I was like the bomb is awful and then I was somewhat like relief, but you just got yeah. That's a very unique experience, so guys stay tuned. We're all gonna hit you I'm, not you have nothing to prove I'm, not gonna have to look it's just I'm, not gonna whatever you want, but but I was wondering what's the difference, the situation is like you know it's like with Samuel Adams. You might have like a winner ale and then you might have an Oktoberfest so yeah, so we used the Carolina Reaper yeah they're, both pretty [ __ ] up, we put the Carolina Reaper in one and then the last dab, pepper axe and the other, but also because shout out to the fans. Thank you to the fans, pepper axe. You know coming from smoking head curry. It only grows on one farm and then now we have this super international demand he saw. I was like so they, like our fans, shout out to drained Lake. You know what I mean, so it's like we can't like ever like you can't make enough as we grow it as we make it. It just disappears so to like bridge that gap in the growing season, we're like here's, the last AB Carolina Reaper, but that is the you know what we want to do like to us like making an episode as a creative process, but so is making a hot sauce. You know that I think I think that they're, you know I think that if you asked 10 people side by side we'll do it five people at the end of that we're gonna. Do it world do both all right cool you don't have to I'm into it by the way, the pepper X. Is that gonna be the final name so I think at first it was like we were like her name to be determined, and then we were like pepper, X and we're like whatever, but then now I feel, like everybody knows it yeah right so and I like it. It's like. Oh, it is yeah yeah, it's a pepper, X X I was gonna, say that so I had it as a placeholder, but now there'd be like massive confusion, um yeah, maybe back in the day he called pepper X, but now that you're hitting the scene I like the name. Thank you. It's it's nice old ship, it's a yeah, and so, but are you implying that this psychopath, who makes these has another one up his sleeve beyond X and another one? Oh my god, one in another one and he he's like eating them right and yeah he's insane he'll like I've seen him he'll just be like what are you doing? It'll just be like snacking on Reapers, no nuts he's about about like he's about the life genetically altered like how was he breeding peppers? I mean I. Guess that's the science that I don't understand, maybe yeah so like I. You know it seemed to me like he'll, explain it well like talk it through, but yeah he's like yeah he's like doing these like crossbreed like Frankie biology, Airmen's like he. He has like a whole interesting backstory. If anybody wants to dive in who goes, I want, like aerith's, some of his laundry but yeah he's been a a Breaking Bad chemist of sorts. This whole life and that of now he's and now he's channeling, that into hot sauce, crazy. Well, alright, stay tuned to the end, guys I'm smoking I mean he's the best. So before you develop the show, did you have an affinity for hot foods? Oh yeah, it's like incidental I mean um. You know like when I was a little kid. You know if the Bears games of my dad has chips out and salsa I, remember being like, like a little kid six, seven years old, like going to dip into the salsa, my dad has hot sauce and I'm like salsa, but he's like not in my house. So my dad was a salsa purist and he's like: when did the salsa? You got to do real salsa, so I think like an - like by virtue of that c-minus d-plus parenting like it did kind of lay the groundwork. What we have today so I've always had that sort of tolerance but as I say in the show, sometimes like I'm, no superhero like I, go through it -. You know, I really do but they're back. They have soldiers through. What do they say? Courage is not being fearless Sean Wow. It's confronting your fears bravely. Was there ever a point in your career when you're, like you know what I'm I'm not doing a spicy anymore, I'm [ __ ] done I'm, not touching anything spicy I, don't want to see anything spicy I'm done well, I mean there's like part of you, here's the way, I look at it hot ones, I'm obsessed with it and I. You know this wouldn't have happened if I wasn't you know and like the team around and whatever and we'd never would have been able to make this flow cuz. It is a super lean team on a shoestring budget and the fact that- and you would know this- you know doing a celebrity-driven talk show week over week, droppin that [ __ ] at Thursday at 11:00 a.m. like clockwork, is you know that kind of looks easy at a surface level, but you go behind the scenes on that. There's a lot of brutal brutal. That's a lot of rabbits being pulled out of a hat. That's a lot of things coming together at the last second. In order to make that happen so like yeah, there's some times, you're like yeah, but I am obsessed with it like honestly, sometimes I couldn't even like imagine my life like without this sort of thing, and then it's so important to like so many people like it really does have a cult following that. I feel, like you know, there's a responsibility even for your audience, even when you're kind of like a need of it, you know I, don't know how sustainable that is like the last two years to like do that, I! Don't there's no way! I can do that for the next five or the next ten, but like right now, you know like even when I have those sort of like I need a vacation thoughts that takes me out of that. The fact that, like there's somebody at Thursday at 11 a.m. that like looks for that that like needs that there are couples that make wings and they eat them together on Thursday, you know like there's so many people in their cubicles that watched and laugh or on their lunch breaks or whatever and like the kids that are passing it around and I. Don't think I can like let them down. You know because I wasn't you know, I don't know. Do you ever have that like? Were you like whoa I'm, like [, __, ], yeah, sometimes well I? Well, that's a different color. Sometimes it makes me feel it's it's a way. I have a weird relationship with it. Sometimes lately, because I feel, like we've, been doing it so long that I'm I've often found myself getting burned out. So when I taking breaks, I just feel like guilty about it. Yeah unable to rest, even though I'm not making videos so I'm like well mine, are just [, __, ] I, don't know it's the whole. The whole thing it's a whole cycle and then you, the other side of it, is that you're like well I could just lose this in a second and then you're like alright. Well, then think back I'm like oh well, like I was you know that was like not a good headspace to be thinking that way, because all I do is like want that back like need that back so I'm, just pardon the pun striking, while the iron's hot yeah I'm just trying to keep doing that yeah word. So let me start. Let me go way back. How did you start working with complex, so I was broadcast journalism major, but there's no real. Like you know, you always have that dream or thought that you could be on TV, but it's not like you can just like apply - yeah a network and be like give me a show right. So I was working at a marketing agency as like doing press releases and stuff and then at night and on weekends. I would take as many freelance projects from magazines as I could just to keep my eye of the tiger. You know what I mean, because the job that I was working at the time was like a little bit of like a soul-sucking boring job. So I was like well I need to keep like I need to keep my edge, so I take as many of those as I could doing nights and weekends and then at an all-star weekend, like five five years ago, I had all these interviews with like 2 Chainz and John Wall Dwight Howard Kareem abdul-jabbar, like all these things that were supposed to be print interview situations, and it was right when complex launched their YouTube channel so they're like oh, we need to program this thing out. We just need videos to get this plane off the ground like can we put your interviews on camera and I was like [ __ ] yeah I wanted to be in front of the camera. Well, at that point, in my life, like an on camera, 2 Chainz interview would be like the coolest [ __ ] right exactly so like. So we did that and then you know you ship, those off and I thought it would just be like kind of a cool page and like the chapter of that stage of my life like I, don't really have any idea what would happen and then they called me like 30 days later and they're, like hey we're kind of building this thing out. Would you be interested in being one of the on-camera people and I was like that all right, right, yeah exactly so I quit my job sold. All my [ __ ] got rid of my apartment in Chicago, moved to New, York 30 days later and yeah that was like four years ago and to now four years, yeah yeah well I want to get into the rise of the great Sean, Evans and complex and the creation of hot ones after we get back from this break. Thank you to Dollar Shave Club for sponsoring this episode, the H Street podcast! Listen! It's this simple! If you have hair anywhere on your body, okay, let's hold it up together. Can you see that if you have hair anywhere on your body, you are messing up by not using this hefty meaty razor? They collides and destroys any hair on your body. It's the best. Okay, they do everything to keep you looking and feeling and smelling your very dang best they've got shampoo they've got body, wash they've got toothbrushes and, of course, the best razor I've ever used. I get an amazing, high-quality shave. Every morning from Dollar Shave club's executive, razor I mentioned this previously I have a beard, I, don't know if you can call this stubble a beard, it's more like a [ __ ], like I, fell in some dirt and didn't wash my face. Some people have beards, but here's what I use it for I use it right here, because it's the only razor I've ever used. It doesn't give me pimples and make me want to jump every time. I shave my neck. You ever get those things it ruins your whole day. Another thing I use it for is the on my neck. I clean up the back of my neck I feel like an adult. It's crazy, I, don't have like pubes for growing out this back of my neck, like I, did my whole life. It's like disgusting and then you're like. Oh, that's, it's just as easy as that, and you need a great razor to take on the job of destroying those neck, pubes and they're up for the task. I guarantee it, but the true hero of any morning is dr.. Carver's shave, butter. You know why Ella because it's bad, because it's butter, that's what I was hoping you'd say: oh wait! That's the shame! There's guys why eula, because it's about it's about it, so this shave butter is actually incredible. It's not foam! It's not cream! It's none of this BS! It's butter! It's like soft! It's like! Oh, my god, you're like a Thanksgiving turkey, just just about to pop in the oven, and then it just destroys their hair. It's an unbelievable experience. You're gonna feel fresh you're. Gonna feel beautiful. You're gonna have to get this you guys. Another must have experience. Is the Dollar Shave Club? It delivers it all to your freakin door, so you don't. They go talk to some dweebs at the supermarket who own the summer job weren't even hit puberty. Trying to give you advice about razor used, please. Whatever talk to the hand, that means no more trips to the store wandering the aisles hunting for razor shampoo toothpaste, then having a play at being a cashier scanning, your bagging, your own stuff, oh wow, why don't just work? Why am I? Just your employee Ralph's? You just pay me to bag. My own [, __ ]! This is America. No, you get. We get [ __, ] our tour doors. Now we don't leave the house, that's the American spirit for mind-blowing experience join Dollar, Shave Club today for just five dollars with free shipping, you'll get six blade, executive, razor, plus trial sizes of the shave, butter, the Bobbsey, the body cleanser, the one wipe Charlie Oh got him, throw it out all done fresh then keep the blades coming for a few bucks a month more after your trial is over get yours at Dollar, Shave, Club, home, slash, h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com, / h3 guys! Thank you, Dollar Shave, Club, sponsoring us. Please hit him up if you need a razor and you do because you have hair on your body. Next up is my longtime favorite freakin thing in the world quit Cool Whip is in vibrating little tube that other people also call no, as a toothbrush have you guys ever bought an electric toothbrush. Let me just preface by saying this I was in the market for electric toothbrush a couple of years ago before I knew about quit and I'm. Looking at all these name brands. All these super fancy. It's like 200 bucks for a good electric toothbrush I was like what I bought it because I'm a SAP and I was like I. Don't even like it that much because it's like super bulky, you feel like you're like doing road construction in your mouth. That's why I quit was like okay, let's, let's address this $200, no starting at $25, how about a sleek design that not only vibrates the perfect amount to clean your teeth, but also tells you when to switch sides. It you turn it on it vibrates every 30 seconds it does pulsating. So you know, oh, that sides done you freaking Kimmy, it's like having a dentist in your mouth at all times, keeping a higher now you're, keeping taking care of things, there's nothing worse in life than stinky breath and bad oral hygiene I'm telling you, if you're trying to get if you're, trying to dip your care in some branch dressing, you need to keep your mouth fresh as possible and quit is the best. A good toothbrush will nearly get you at 25 bucks. This thing is going to last you, it's gonna, keep your mouth clean! It's the best product, I personally endorse it. I love it I'm, not blowing smoke up your ass. If you don't have a quip, you need it I'm dead, serious. That was some serious [ __ ]. Let me put it this way. Both most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's best invention of the year. No, but quip did. If you want to find out. Why get one for yourself? Here's the deal. Quip starts at just 25 bucks. If you go to get quip, comm, slash, h3 right now and you'll get your first refill pack. Absolutely free with a quip electric toothbrush, that's first refill pack for free the top pops off you put the top on you forget about it. This is it free at get quick, calm, /h 3, that is GE t qu, IP, comm, /h, Lee, there's something else. I wanted to read here, including free shipping worldwide. How the hell is that possible? Really, after being in the shipping game from our side, I was like: how do you ship like a piece of lint Australia? They charge you under buck well, anyway. I can't endorse this proc enough, so guys. Thank you. So much to quip for sponsoring us welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast live, so you started as a reporter for complex. You covered Ninja, Warrior, Training, Kim, Kardashian book signing FBI training course etc. What is the most memorable moment? You had pre hot wings days at complex. Oh man, there's so many crazy things. One time I ate like the rock for a whole day right, and that was insane tell me more about that cuz that I've seen that video and it is insane so well. He has an insane diet where he eats like nine pounds of food a day, including like three pounds of cod, so just cod, like Chipotle burritos of just cod, I daily I, think people II, don't understand the dedication and like insanity, even that it takes to maintain that kind of body. It gave me a lot more respect for him, especially to as you get older and older and older, to like more and more cod like that yeah you just gotta keep eating that cod, but the craziest thing is like well. If you look at Michael Phelps's diet like during that Olympic training, he had that same thing, where he's doing like 12,000 calories a day or whatever yeah, but he's mixing in some french toast he's enjoying the thing about the ROC's diet. Is it's nothing but brown rice and broiled, veggies and fish, and then nuts they just bring out the plates one after one after one after one and they'd all way as much as like a Range, Rover tire and he'd just be digging that for kids, I'm thinking that accordion gnarly [ __ ], it has to be insane so I like going and going and going and I can't handle that, like I eaten like a bird, unless I can just drain a G pen and like hit a Mexican restaurant, then I can set some records but like just normal I can't eat like that. So I just be going into fork and feeling like I'm just killing this thing for a half hour and I wouldn't even put a dent in it. No, it was just like a drop in the bucket and then the next meal is always like on the way. So it's not one time I worked at a worked at a convenience store high in Colorado. That was like a pretty fun weird thing: I actually yeah, god I had a question about that. Video watched it at the end or during that video, some stoner guy comes in and there was plants throughout the video hey. You seem like a cool guy. You want to blaze. A joint and I was there's no way. This is real. So here's the thing like yeah like during that there's all these you know like, and you knew that that would happen like I knew they'd set me up with like a shoplifter and here's the thing too, like when I smoke, I'm not really like a social guy. You know like I'm, not like Rihanna I can't go sit courtside at a basketball game. You know, I can't handle the eyes like I'm, like I, can barely get through like a self checkout. It's on this, yes, like I, need to be boom in a room with just a friend or two like watching movies, with like Sean on deck, so I even told the people like when I was doing it. I'm like there's like a 50/50 chance like at some point, I'm gonna, be like wait. I'm, like a bunch of hidden cameras on me, like I'm, the middle I'm gonna grab. Three frozen Snickers and just go back to the hotel without saying anyone yeah it was a war Sean going right, bro yeah, so I held through it and then yeah. You knew that there'd be plants like I, knew that, like they'd, send in somebody who would do something weird and like send somebody in to shoplift. So there was always like I always had like a antenna out, but also at the same time, I thought too. That there'd be like somebody helping me through the register and [ __ ], but it was very like alright. Here's how the register works like I'll, be in the back like here you go, you know some people come up and beg Oh like they'd get a sandwich from the deli like order. Another quote like they actually did like I. Really let me fly free but that guy to when he was going up to me- and he was just hanging out- I was like this- has to be a plant like just, but it wasn't. That was real dan was going. Are you a stranger at a cashier? First I mean he was like hey. You seem cool you want to blaze here too, like at the same time like I, wasn't being that polite -, yeah, well, I, wasn't being that chill with him. I was kind of like already had like a bunch of plates, spinning that I was trying to keep up and I was like well, this guy's being annoying, and in my head, I'm like well I bet. This is just like the stereotypical stoner guy that they sent in here to like [ __ ] with me, I was actually getting like semi annoyed with them, so I was being like dismissive and not really [, __ ] with him like at all and he's just hanging out and then at some point, like cuz I'd have like a thing in my ear or whatever so I could like talk to whoever is like in the van or downstairs or whatever, and at one point I'd turn around I'm like is this like your guy? Somebody doesn't call him off like this. Has ended this gag isn't working came out of my face like let's get on to the next thing and I was like? Is this a guy like we do not know in some like right? Well, I'm gonna go meet him out back by the dumpsters, and just so Shawn went back with the cameras into like the only thing that disappoints me about that. Video is like one time: I got this 19 minute cut of it, and I was like this shit's funny as [ __ ], and then they cut it down to like some like little yeah 4 minute, video hoping for more panic attacks, yeah exactly like the 90 minute videos, like chopped it down into this, like very just snackable little video that was like cute I guess but like the 19 minute I was like it was like I was like this is like real art. I was uh. How did you become the hot ones guy? How was the show conceived? Are you the creator of the show so Chris Schoenberger, who runs? First, we feast me and him. We were always like just cut like just friendly in the hall and just had a good rapport, and then one day he came up to me and he's like hey I. Have this idea for a show where we interview celebrities but eat violently hot chicken wing mm-hmm and the way that that hit my ear I was like that's the funniest, so you know we get into a room, we're like laying all the things laying everything out. We call in Tony Yayo from g-unit to help shoot the pilot and so he's helping us workshop out the beats too, and then what you see now like at back then I think it's maybe like the first episode is maybe like seven wings. We didn't really have any idea of what it was or what it would be. We kind of thought it would be. This funny show we always had dreams of it being this sort of Internet sideshow, but never like this aspiration right, powerful, serious, yeah, great exactly so. What you see now after 110 episodes is just shall we Congrats yeah when you say that out loud I, just yeah, it's nuts, it's nuts every Thursday for like two years um. Was it a hard sell to the bosses at complex the concept? Well, at the time it was so wild wild west I mean I could like go into some things that you know maybe could have been handled better at higher levels but like they kind of, were out of our way like they were kind of like. If you guys are gonna, do this thing in this weird room, they were so focused on other projects that they really believed in and us we were just like some, like whatever yeah, like whatever kind of like doing this in the dark, and then you know I actually think is you know in a lot of ways, what helps to show become what it is is that there were so few hands off chefs in the kitchen. It was just me and Chris, and we could make this thing work on our terms, and you know people would come in with that. Veidt like you know, people be like it should be. Six minutes, I got it out and we would just be like just thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, cool. Like all these people like, maybe there should be peppers, do we have to do 10, I? Think you know, like all these people, okay cool! Well, can you just like go over here and it's like me and Chris could just still like to this point. It could just be us and then because of that I think it's given us a little bit of elbow room, because we like really stuck to what we wanted to do and then now it's to a point where, like nobody, really, they can't say yeah. They can't really cross any lines because we're just like this is exactly exactly it almost remind me of like how Seinfeld came to be anyway, but I think that that's with a lot of these goats that float, you know what I mean like. If you have too many people who have ego not much know how like have a title and not much know how getting into the way of these sorts of things. That's what sinks those you know, but it's just me and Chris kind of being naive, picking it up as we learning really paying attention to our audience being motivated by like the growth, because it wasn't always a big hit show, as you guys know like how long did it take to get to from 0 to 10,000 subscribers. You know so it's like you really have to believe in what you're doing, because there is no immediate payoff and I think brands, big media companies. They don't let ideas evolve. You know like they don't really let things grow. So I think that the fact that we were so misunderstood and underrated and put into of one hour, do you guys that's what empowered us for sure I hope, someone I hope. Someone at a media company is listening. They should I guarantee they're not, but they should they should, and if you have a budget, yeah really planning for it. You know it's just one of those things that just happen. I think that you know you can you can make some chess moves along the way to help you succeed and you can't make people [ __ ] with you, you just gotta, get on it and you you have a good idea. It doesn't necessarily mean that the planes gonna take off I'm sure it wasn't your guys first attempt and it's like you have to keep hitting and hitting and hitting and hitting, and then, when you find some of the hits you ride it exactly exactly what I I saw. You say somewhere that the whole concept behind the show was that you guys wanted to make a celebrity interview. Show that didn't suck right and I know a way to disarm them in a way too right and the solution to that which was hot ones, was so beautiful and elegant, I'm wondering if there was any other early versions of the show before the spicy hot wings idea came in. Do you guys were considering no, it's just like Chris, just saying that line, let's interview celebrities but make them eat violently hot chicken I'll never know really. It was crucial, like you just said, spicy wings, a pilot he was like violently hot wings like it was like revolutionary. All good ideas can be expressed with that much clarity, exactly into I, think that all great ideas or inventions or whatever you're solving for a problem that maybe people didn't even know they had. So you know you have the celebrity interview format, which is such a tired format and so we're like well, how do we make these interviews not boring? You have so many celebrities they'll sit down there in a PR driven flight pattern right. How do we disrupt that and our answer for that was violent, violently hot bias, so the show wasn't an instant hit. It sounds like it wasn't. No I mean it took a while I think um, here's here's, but here's what it was, so it would go out and maybe we'd get like 8,000 views or like 25,000, really sore whatever like when I'd wake up the next day, like that's what it would say and I was always like feel like this should gain more trust, better right, it's better than but here's. What motivated me is that everybody who watched it seemed to love it. You know the comments were like this is [ __ ], amazing, like this is gonna blow up. This is gonna, be huge. You know what I mean it had such a cult thing from the beginning, so I was like well. If we can just get more people in the tent, you know what I mean, like that's the whole thing. So we talked about the tent pole episodes all the time. There is a video that you saw with me and chili Klaus eating it's one of his favorite videos are both. Oh man, that was one of the early. That's very early episodes, okay, and that was our first sort of like I got millions and millions of viewers, like the number one thing on Reddit I, do collect anything from that video when he shot it, because you adored a lot for that promise of very little and that it was yeah. That's a good way to put it, but I did just believe in it. You know I just did me and Crispian too cuz. It was like you know, it was also to the chip on her shoulder that was created by being pushed to the side for, like other things, we're like alright, you know, so we just did this thing like on our own for so long and that when that blew up you're like whoa, this is crazy and then the key and peele one was like a really great level up situation where that was a huge picked up by every website or everything and then -. It helped validate the show in that we could now pitch people's, because that was like so hard early on. Those are a huge, huge talent exactly so they're like oh well. This legitimizes the show, plus it took off in such a crazy way that now it's you know it helped get the train on the tracks for sure. Like those two things, those two videos were especially early on I was gonna: ask: did you have trouble booking guests at first because kind of a hard sell? Isn't it yeah? Because in you know it's even to this day because on paper it does sound so insane you know like, like you said earlier people that know the show you're like you're in, because you understand that it's not just this gimmick. You know that disruptive element in the interview, but it's an interview, show first, you know, but if you don't know it and you're like in you're a celeb, your movie star and then you know, YouTube is already in some or circles kind of a nose up situation. And if you have two offers like hey, Jimmy Kimmel wants to interview you right versus some guy won't seat hot wings with you on YouTube exactly, but you know Ian - cuz you could like you could go to Sirius and hit a bunch of radio shows on an afternoon like yeah. We require an hour and if time was there's that caveat of the ten scorching hot chicken wing, so it was a very hard sell early on. We were kind of, like almost sure again, people are asking favors. There are some- and this is true, like some guests early on that- actually like that pitch like when they saw that pitch they're like hey, God, [, __, ] funny, you know some people, it does like connect on the wavelength, but it did take a lot more persuading and a lot more seven types of smoke early on to give up on that seat than it does now, but that doesn't take away from the fact that it actually it still is a challenge. Yeah, it's funny, I, think an appearance on your show would do more to to promote something than like all the other stuff. Combined like it's soap, it's that powerful. You I know that, and you know that yeah you know, but it takes some. It's tough to know yet right, it's not YouTube. It's the whole. Everything on YouTube and new media is just like whatever, but like the power behind it right, and then too is it's like the fans will like shout out like who they want. They will times like the rock. Is somebody who fans obviously or to see on the show Gordon Gordon bill, burr Philly D until we got him the word Hilbert right exactly but to bill? You know like he gets the pitch and we've hit him and one time I did the show AOL billed and he was like behind me. I figured out like what kind of cigars he likes cigar, store and I bought these expensive, cigars and I like left him in the green room with like a note, you know, like I've done, you know a lot, you know I know you know Bert like Bert, you know knows Bill and those guys Joe Rogan's know it's like a guy that wants the show so bad, maybe shoot him shoot him tax. Can you help me out blah blah blah? So it's like you always do that, but it might not click with them like if they haven't seen a never. Maybe they just are really don't [ __ ] with spicy food I actually would love the show I do feel like you bill I do. But yes, the there is something that has to get you to click over. Like Eric Andre show, that was my favorite show, I, never even heard about it until like the third or fourth season. You know what I mean like there does have to be something that clicked right and then other than that yeah and then beyond that to is it's like these people are busy as [ __ ], yes, and nobody necessarily wants to do press you know like if you have really like you and I are buddies, like we'd text like how long was it like how long did take even for this to work out, you know what I don't even when I'm in LA or whatever you know it's just tough and I'm, not that [ __ ] busy. That's very true. You mentioned in your aim, may that at first you were more or less conning people into doing the show. What did you mean by that? Well I'll. Take like there's a couple things that come to mind where it would be in the DJ Khaled episode right, he's doing sneaker shopping and he has you know like buddies at complex who we kind of like made them pass along as a favor and he's kind of agreeing, but doesn't really understand what is gorgeou, not chicken wings. You know that's what's wrong yeah, so he was like totally taken by surprise. I, remember, Tinashe. She was doing a cover shoot for the magazine and we're, like you know, while you're doing this, six-hour cover shoot like slitted, set up our black curtain and did this show and they're like? Oh? Is this some sort of like ancillary added value, video or like yeah stuck in that seat? You can see the show like you're stuck you're crouched. You did everything you could think and there's and the spirit of a really the climb on YouTube I. Think everyone's you've really been through the the gauntlet. No I know- and it's learned I've learned a lot since then, and it has been just such a crazy thing. I think that that's probably what people don't understand is that yeah. This is like seven people who are setting their hair on fire every week and then putting it out in a garbage can full of ice cubes just to make sure that the next episode can happen. You know and there's a lot that happens with that Plinko ball when it goes down before that that you know before that can secure itself. So it's been crazy. It's been nuts, it's gotten a lot easier and I'm very grateful for that. But you know it's still uh. It's still a grind. Yeah I mean well with more views and more subscribers and higher profile guests. The pressure is on it. Doesn't I mean it doesn't go away. It doesn't go away plus -, because then, once you do like a hunt, you know like you're like what you know like who's out blah blah blah. You know like somebody's in a pressed or somebody can do this. Somebody can do that, but yeah it's it's it's not! It's not. Has anyone ever gotten sick during the show oh yeah like who are the worst? Who has taken it the worst in here? So you know when you say that the impulse is to go to people who tapped out, you know like Jim, Gaffigan or Rob Corddry or Ricky Gervais and be like those are the guys that, but actually I think that in most cases those were just guests being sensible and being like. This is getting crazy, like I want out right when I really think about who had the hardest time. Martin garrix really suffered for the art. You know like hey, it's the people who are dying and then they just keep going to the net wing and to the next wing Julio. He was passed out in our green room for like an hour out of that yeah. He was just there and then, like it's all glass, the green room that he had at the time and we were in an office space. Although they're doing people, it's not very private at all, it's Coolio passed out, Martin garrix. It was so funny because he was just killing milk of the whole time and while it was happening, I was like that's gonna, be a problem cuz. He can't like put away a gallon of milk without puking, just right, physically yeah yeah. So you know he has a team with like all these. Like vloggers, like you know, following him around and stuff and I always think about these, you know he's a little he's, a kid he's, the sweetest guy. Ever we love him. We talk about him all the time and you know he had this thing where, like at the end he's like where's, the bathroom like, oh, like over there and to the left and like the vloggers kind of like following around like as you shouldn't, he was like go away like back in your home and then I'd hear like all these stories from people that were working in the office we've since moved but like in the office at the time a big dude I was just in the stall I hear somebody dry heaving in the sink like and is like and then I walk out, and it's just riffraff and a peach talk just dry heaving in the sink. So it's like we've had so many stories. Countless stories like it's all like blurred into one. What? If what are the two? Do you ever feel bad like? Or is it just? But you do but then you're like it's good TV, you know like there. It is part of both really good ways and they signed up. So there is a part of me: it's not that bad they're not they're, not actually, but it is great. They are you. Can you hear about beautiful moment? Exactly did Bobby Lee Bobby Willie's? Actually, our next guest? Oh really did he shoot his band. So here's all super can't say you weren't in Italy right because I didn't we didn't resume La, Paz, Underpants or anything, but here's it all same sitting on this side of the table relative to Bobby Lee. He like got up in it like had a sound that was sloshed like just like the surgery like a cooler with the low water on the bottom yeah it was like or it was like a melon being dropped. It didn't really happen. Definitely have these sound. That was like anything other than what it what it seemed to be. You know so like wow, that was happening. I was like did something just happen because I didn't know how else, but you know I think that he kind of even was you know, he's such a pretty such an artist he's a performer that I think, like you know, he probably could have held it, but he brought was just like whatever let him embrace Peyer to have that little level, giving a [ __, ], God, willing, I'm so glad you're here. Will you please grace us with [ __ ], your pants I'll do is do I feel like I? Could [ __ ] my pants at any time, I'm a boy scrunch -, all right, I'm gonna drop I'm about to drop this cantaloupe dude I caught controversial. Our last guest was I thought you were buying [ __ ] Bob Saget was here last week my boy yeah, it was like. Shredder was rubbing on his feet and right after we turned off the cameras, he's like dude I thought you were playing footsie with me the whole time- and it was freaking me out, I didn't want to say anything but I was really weirded out. It was just shredder. I was like I feel bad I was Bob great he's. Not no, it was great. That's great. It was awesome. It was. It was a beautiful moment, sit across from the SAG yeah yeah controversal E am I, saying that I think that's what I think I'm saying that right, which guests have taken it the best you can say what we've had Ethan you're pretty good. You know it's hard to tell because there's people that, like just let it fly and then sometimes you have somebody who the way they'll handle something in that moment is they will like just get quiet and focus and whatever so sometimes it's hard to tell. But when I'm looking back Dax Shepard, he had enough in him to just pour hot sauce. I'm, definitely know what in the next wing. One of my regrets was that I didn't go harder with the sauce really yeah, because we were just taking them. Has that been tough? That's that one here. Well, no because I feel, like I, took a bite and I threw it out right, but I I have to acknowledge that eating a whole wing which a lot of people do at the end versus taking a bite is a world of difference. It is in it isn't because it's like everybody's kind of different, so maybe you know a little nibble for somebody who doesn't you know can't mess with spice at all is an unbearable thing for them to go through, and then on top of that, you know, is lights, camera action with all these lights on. You know all these cameras on them and it's like it is an uncomfortable thing. So I understand when people are like alright I'm gonna do this, because I need to get through this, but I'm not committing and such a crazy way to like clearing this whole wing. Plus ten wings is kind of a lot of food. They didn't want, you know, and then sometimes you know, because whatever sometimes we'll have a shoot at like 9:00 or 10:00 in the morning, so you ever have to just go out. Wait for someone sometimes like a fried chicken. Those wings were in temp room, temp yeah. Well, that's better than ice cold, but they weren't icicle, but they were safe. They were like they were not good. Well, you know what we've we've really stepped it up chilling on our tripod and I'm, like you have a lot of very expensive equipment and a lot of wires, yeah yeah I've heard you guys have stepped up the wing, we have delivery, we have mechanisms and yeah we have like a whole. We have a whole thing now. We never really thought about the wings and all cuz. It says really matter, though it right and to because it is. You know, I think that in a lot of ways, the way we've been able to punch out of our weight class with gas is because we do have this stripped-down budget set that we can pop up whenever, wherever you know like we can do it in an LA, Senor, New, York or you know, shoot Russell, Brand and Ricky Gervais, some London or whatever so I think that it's even with the hell I lost. My train of thought are we talking about the wings? Oh yeah, or maybe we can just pop, like a junket or in a hotel room like Charlize Theron. We just booked a suite at the Four Seasons, so you'll be like okay. Well, like Charlize is coming at. That's so cool I would never even expect that you don't want all shot in the same studio space right exactly, but that's it's like that's really. What's helped. You need some wings in song right and with that. Also too, that's what makes it tough on temperature because, like alright Charlize is gonna, be here at 2:00 p.m. so yeah, alright cool and you got everything set, and then it's like 205 207, 208, 208 they're. Getting a little bit softer, she's gotta come in she's got to get miked she's got to sit down, got it light. It got its lady, you know and like that time is just ticking and then, by the time they bite in they're like this is kind of cold. You know the interview is an hour long, an hour and 10 minutes long. So it's like, whatever by the time you get to the 6th, like maybe it's like cold then, but we've done a lot to make sure that it's like served up. That's good! It's it comes with the experience. 110 episodes, yeah I will say, though, what he said: cuz I the first like six I ate entirely and then I was like man I, actually don't want to eat another full wing right, you get full, it's full, it's filling yeah I wish I would have waited, saw the tent that too, it kind of builds you up. Alright, guys we are gonna roll to a quick break, there's only one spot. So please don't go anywhere. It's quick! It's dirty! Also, it's a viagra. We're selling viagra, so you're not gonna, miss it trust me! It's not exactly cut it off. Hurry, talk about a great sponsor, okay, hims coming up next I love these guys, because basically they're making the h3 army multiply. Let me tell you I sexual performance issues more common than you think, over 25% of new erectile dysfunction cases are guides under 40. Okay, guys under 40 are struggling to maintain an erection, and that's just not right. It's not right. It shouldn't be like that. You should be having a raging boner until the day you [ __ ] die, and they should they should plant ubique firs in the ground with their raging [, __ ]. That's the way it should be, and and that's what they're about making sure happens. Why do guys turn to weird solutions or nothing when they can turn to medicine and science for hems comm, a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual and wellness for men thanks to science, Edie can be optional. Him connects you with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat Edie well known. Generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions can help you combat Edie. No, this is not a scheme. This is an actual drug that because of the generic copyright on this drug, it's viagra its fogger. They keep scrubbing around they're like oh, it's a started with V, it's FRA Agra, they're selling, about generic equivalent of viagra. Okay, it's gonna get your dude your. What is it the kendrick lamar said: I hope my dick gets as big as the Eiffel Tower. So I can [ __ ] for 72 hours, there's no waiting rooms, there's no awkward doctor visits, there's no line save hours by going to for hems calm. It's so easy answer. A few quick questions and chat with a doctor for a confidential review products are shipped directly to your door. Severe Edie, isn't just an issue for rich old guys and bathtubs specific. It affects men in the 30s and 40s. Bring your best means performing being your best means perform your best. No one person doctor visit not anymore its erectile. Without this function, hard made easy say hello to your little friend. Try hymns for month today for just $5 will get you started with just five bucks. While supplies last see website for full details. This will cost you a hundred bucks. If you went through a doctor pharmacy, here's the deal go to four hams, calm, slash, h3 Edie, yes, h3 Edie, and that's not an accusation against me in any way. It's just the URL. So that's four hams fo are hims calm. / h3 ed4 hymns, calm, /, HD, guys if you are in the market for a blade, a razor or a big-ass, hard flippin carrot to dip in that ranch dressing. Please consider supporting our sponsors. Thank you for watching. Let's get back and do it there any anything! That's true! That's true for sure. Hopefully, they'll come a day when [ __ ] people understand that. Are we alive we're waiting for you laughter right there yeah it's okay! I can start the thing. Is we have a youtube cut, so this kind of banter will just cut out [ __ ]. It just keep it at man or keep it in, but we're waiting for ela respect, there's no show without elo we meet me and Sean were just talking off-camera about how like people from traditional media, don't understand how good doing shows like pastry podcast would be to come, promote something or hot ones, compared to whatever other stuff they're doing right, because always I've thought that forever, because we have big audiences and then highly targeted, eyeballs, and then it's in a sort of a crowdsource way like you know who people want to see on the h3 pod right and same so it's right all right like if you do this like for the people like that's actually what they want. It looked hard to get that to click in people's brains, especially now, but I do feel, and you do too and we've benefited from it that the scales are tipping I hope, so it just takes like a savvy publicist or a savvy superstar to unwrap in yeah. There's some good savvy publicist out there who are starting to understand that yeah like there's. Something is something more about, like you're engaged with your fan, your audience in a way that doesn't even exist in traditional media, exactly when you're here with somebody they're getting an experience, they're really connected that that you can't get exactly I. Think plus this is realer yeah we're just talking about how we're just Tooting our own horn over here we're just talking about how like well the people watch we're just talking about people who do shows on traditional media, don't get as much yeah. You know he menials agreed. Okay, where were we should I cut in Dan? Or should we just include this I say I vote we included I, think yeah. It was interesting. Let's, let's include it yeah we have the where the flip was I. So dj khaled, as we mentioned previously, a mutual friend, he made it yeah mutual friend man. God bless him. He made it through three wings. I guess this really isn't that demystifying after hearing your backstory right, he didn't know what he was getting himself into had no idea, and it all took him by surprise. It was really uh. He was blindside. Did you I mean? Did you not lose like a little respect for the guy like what is number three like deal, but then to it is like historic, you know it is the lowest score of all time by far in the read, I'm almost be impossible. Oh yeah, and it's impossible. It's a sort of hair, but there is part of me: that's always waited and maybe in a sick twisted way wanted somebody to tap out early how they're it's like you willingly. If you willingly come on the show and tap out at one but like its it's pathetic unpopular and the people, you would live forever, but then I'm like just an anarchy level, its rival and airy. But it's kind of like really perfect. It's DJ Colin taking that spot forever and do like in the same way that we were talking about audiences like there's so many people who watch hot ones or have watched since or the lore behind the DJ Khaled episode, who don't really know dj khaled the performer right so like they know him as the guy who tapped out. Have you spoken to him since that? Does he embrace the the legacy he has on your show? Well, it's hard to tell I think that if you hooked him up to a functional MRI or like a yeah cool guy, but like that thing would just be gone like that and one time I did see him in the office. You know he was just like walking around yeah and I was like oh [, __ ], like I'm gonna, give him a bottle of last day. Have you know, like I'll, just run up on him and he's like he's like what do you? What are you making fun of me yeah right? He had like a team of like twelve people like the whole thing like they're walking out in the failings formation or why are you chewing on our table so I hold on our dog is eating the table, sorry good and then, when he, when he turned the corner, I like timed, it up perfectly so I just see him and he couldn't avoid it. I was like hey bro here. This is for you and then he like looked and then he like got it and then I was just I was gone and no words exchanged yeah I just want to do a little I think we share just I, think he hates us. Yeah I think you I mean yeah yeah, it's a total position. We kind of got it. We kind of got him a little bit when we met him in yeah, I mean, and we and I got him a little bit. You got, you definitely got him he's well, I think you know like there's certain. That was one of your first big guess. Right I mean count, know he was like and he was real popular at the time too. But no, you know I think that we we caught him like. You know his first ever snapchat and that's like really what took him. You know he was. Oh he's, always a big. You know not to disrespect DJ Cal, because I think that there's like a lot of people, think he just yells on the microphone he's. Actually, not exactly legendary DJ I agree and does deserve more credit than you know. Most people are very from a surface level. Sure he is that you know he has played some from the mud. He did come from the money. He has this. He has this spot and he does you know he does deserve, and can you grab shredder? It is like, but at the same time growing the show he usually just lives here, but now he thinks it's a game. I love, you sorry hell out of here, but when he sort of exploded in sort of an apple commercial soccer, moms everywhere in knowing him way was with the snapchat sort of these are the keys to laughs. This is the path that was one way. You know he rode that there's Fame hard harder than he should have honest check, but I don't know, though who's laughing now Zulu. We really caught him at that moment. Where you know he was, he was exploding on the internet like the first ever snapchat. He actually did it on the set I. Don't know, if is the first one but like when he downloaded and learned what snapchat was was on the set of hot ones: Wow no yeah, so that whole thing happening with snapchat like that's. What kind of like took his thing and made it explode? I. Remember, like you know he was always saying like they them. They don't want you to that was in this music field, like the Bahamas one yeah, so he's been saying that forever and I asked him that question who are the show I'm like worried they and he's like losers, bombs, fuckboys pieces of [, __, ], no, and then I see him on Ellen like eight months later and Ellen is like who are they right and then he's like you know it's that person at work? That's always dogging. You like, he had a totally like ironed friendly answer to that question. Now he's challenged like patting herself on the back like she's, the first person that asked like who are they -, DJ Khaled gets this moment, but I remember thinking that that was funny seeing that Archon Khaled, like going from the DJ Khaled from before. There's like a BC, you know like there's like a line and then to see that before hot ones in that total mainstream crossover and then like The Ellen Show and the way that he answers the who are they question? Well, the best dj khaled moment for me, yeah yeah, as always have to be. You have a favorite dj khaled moment. Mine is, and he got lost on the jet skis, and it was like on snapchat saying to call yeah he's like whatever Katherine hard with him to know where the words, but it was amazing watching that happen. Lionel unsnapped, yeah I just feel like that. I feel like there was a rawness to the internet back then that's gone and it wasn't that long ago, -, right yeah, but that was during like when pranks in the hood was happening and, like you know, spider-man like pedis, the aisles were running wild wild west for running YouTube and Khalid was lost at sea and we just had like all this content was like. Oh my god, a lot of fodder for the the reaction, video. What happened need come back. The problem is that YouTube doesn't allow that [ __ ] anymore mmm, but all the stuff we would we were talking about then YouTube, it's like doesn't even allow it on the platform now and now what's happening, is they're removing our videos, our old ones and our new ones, because we're talking about it, oh really, but people don't to hear me [ __ ], about YouTube yeah. That is what's happening like now. We can't even make fun of [ __ ] because they don't just they don't differentiate between criticism and the actual source. It's just like it was in your video and we're gonna do monetize it or remove it. So yeah they're just scrubbing the whole history. Yes interesting. What the incredible success that you guys had, and it seems like nobody cared about your show in the beginning, real underdog story. Clearly now upper management and the people are running the show know about you, guys mm-hmm. How did they react to the success of your show and has it came up where they were like? Oh [, __ ] like what was going on there. Yeah I mean I think that it's gotten so loud that you can't really ignore it anymore. So you know it's it's definitely a crown jewel of the whole operation. I would say well, I appreciate you saying that it is it's not objective. I mean it is objective. Yeah I, think you know it's gotten so loud and then that's you know made things definitely easier on me and Chris. So you know you look into the future and hope that that can get ironed out even more so I'm. Definitely optimistic about that. For sure hmm I want to ask you something. My cell on the Internet has how is taco gate affected your career, oh man, and has the backlash finally gone down? Well now, I think now it's it's it's it's it's born again. If you guys can see Shawn taking a bite out of the top of the damn taco twice as if oh, nothing is as if nothing so I'll defend this definitely I'll defend this. Here's I defended on a couple grounds and I didn't actually. You know like I, did Philly D yesterday and he brought up taco gate really now it's it's like a whole new of life with taco game. Here's. What I think happens like to me: I've always eaten a taco that way, and it makes sense to me on a couple levels like I, like that meat tube at the end and I, don't really care about the lettuce and the cheese or whatever is flowing oh I'm, just trying to get to them. Would you ever make trying to get like a task out of the way, plus it's a way cleaner way to eat a taco like you, don't end up with everything all over this? Well, the problem? Well, it is cleaner, but you're, also not really, but who are you to tell me well, why don't you just make a ground beef taco? Why [ __ ] around with anything at all? Well, listen why you should why not just wine is when buying a taco. Why not just remove the top part and have a little meat to listen? You could do you break the shell. It breaks a little bit now you're like now. You have like this fracture look clearly at the end. You have to eat it properly. You can't eat it from the top all the way through I'll go conk, Goong, Goong, Goong, take that thing down, and then it's just taken the to the other pause, the tube down from the other side. You know, I I will defend this. Oh thank you. Let's try eating a talk of it because you're a mouthful I'll, try it there's too much mutts you clean it up, it's not so much! They put it in there. It's cleaner! No, however, you eat a taco. If you were eating pizza and you just turned that thing around and ate it crust. First I would just be like. Well, that's just how you you would you be like this guy's, a [, __, ], lunatic I'm, never hanging out with this is something that I that we've talked about previously and it's something that interests me. I feel like on the internet when you get to a certain size, or not just the internet, but anywhere in life, to a point where people are looking up at you that you get haters, but you I feel like you're, a guy that there's nothing to hate about cuz you're, just a dude, making a show that everybody loves. So my question: do you have haters yeah I mean I think that as its as it's gotten, more popular like weirder, things happen and like the TWiT, you know my mentions do get weird and like it isn't as fun anymore. You know when I first starts and you're putting these things out. Everybody is kind of rallying to it because they're fans of it and they want it and you're fun to root for when you don't have [ __ ] yeah. You know like people root for you, but then I do think that, like it's gotten to a point where I used to like going into the message boards and reading it or like going into the comments and now I don't like I, don't look because you never know when you're just gonna get smacked upside the head with something that just makes like you know whatever like I'm human. So it's like, but that's my fault for like going into that, and you know trying to figure that all all out I do think that there is a value to having that real life focus group at all times, and you guys do that in the way that you're connected to the subreddit in the way that you're connected to the fans- and there is you- know- I- always want that connection. But I'm not going elbow deep into the comments anymore. Like you know, it's just like even the things that- and this is like on me too, but like even things that are like stupid drive me insane like it's, not even somebody being hateful or like crazy to me. That bothers me, like you, kind of can't live on the internet and have that bother you otherwise you'll be out of there in two seconds, but it's like sometimes I'll get a DM. That's like you know like whatever, like that's like hey my friend ouch having a bachelor party. Would you fly out tomorrow and do a live hot ones with us like it was so cool like that. You know and always like well, I appreciate that, but then I'm always like kind of thinking like well like dude am I. Do they expect me to like book a flight and then like go there and then like? What's the situation cuz, they didn't really give me a ton of details. Like am I hanging out at like the house that they rented, like am I out of pocket on a hotel and then I'll start thinking about these things like wait as you imagine, and then I got back. Yeah I'll just be like at the gym and I can't like shake these, like sort of like weird requests and like weird things and just like from and I'm always like thinking about it. So then, even that so like it's just so much messaging and like so many things going on and then it is a minefield where you could just get to somebody. That's like I, [, __, ] hate, you I, hope you die. You know like that and then you're just like it's just a little too crazy. You know for me so now that you're like internet-famous. What is that the thing that's affected you, the most is there are other things that have come up, that you didn't expect or how's your life changed. Basically yeah I mean yeah, it's cool like people I mean that's it's good, because in real life it's a totally different experience than whoever is barking at you online, like yeah in real life. People are like super cool, great yeah, and then you know like companies like, though, like oh, my god, you know Shawn and that to me is like greatest. The [ __ ] best yeah, the best you'll see people like light up or like double-team, a big. That's somebody. You know somebody who's watched a bunch of hot ones, and then they think they [ __ ]. With the show, and then they like see and then like, if they ask about the show- or they have a question like that to me- is like the coolest thing. So it is such a positive experience in real life and then like yeah, like maybe the door guy, does recognize you at the club, like maybe you know like you, are at a restaurant like earlier today, I was having brunch and they're like oh. This is like from the kitchen from Roy Troy like oh, my god. This is so nice, like this salmon toes. You know like these, like these whole, like these things that are happen, that are just amazing like even tonight, I want to go see like Chris, D'elia and Coco at the Comedy Store, and so like I'm, like I'm, like you know like in the DMS, with Chris. Like hey, can you hook something up? You know, like all those things like are amazing. You know like that is like, even if you know the the paycheck ain't there like, even if, like the other things, aren't there, maybe you're feeling like [, __, ] or like whatever like that is all cool, because you're making people happy with a show and then they want to pay that back like you want to show that they're appreciative, but like doing some sort of a favor for you or like helping them out or like making you laugh or like making you smile or making. You feel good. The way that you make them feel good. So I'd like treasure that so much yeah, that is the best I, think that true genuine fans on the streets are always it. So it's so nice that it's hard to understand that it's real and like really take it in because it's like it's amazing, it's too much exactly and then so that to like kind of cancels out. So then you're like well. If I can just focus on the video and the interview and just making the next one and kind of live in the real world, a little more than like diving into Internet and the chatter, and like all that, then it's probably just a healthier way to live your life I'm, a mental health level on every level and so I've been more and more inching towards that sort of thing. But I don't want to lose that connection like I care about, like what fans are saying in the comments, I care about, like what people in like a discussion thread or whatever, like thinking about the show and I don't want to like lose that connection at all. So I guess I would say, I'm peripherally, aware: yeah I touch it, but I'm not like doing a cannonball into that pool. I would say the same thing. Yeah like I feel like we generally always know what people think yeah and when you go in and try to like get it its way. It's just depressing right a lot of times, but it's like you know you get the idea right. You don't need somebody to like [ __ ] in your face, I understand what you think and usually I agree. Yeah, like you know, it's not everyone's a hater either. You know, there's construct yeah so and I think that, like once, you start thinking that way, that's not a good thing either. So you know it's may be good to get knocked down a peg in the fact that everyone can tell you what they think all the time. You know it's maybe somewhat helpful balance that yeah, it kind of keeps you yeah keeps down the track, I want to say: I hold your interview, skills to be among the greatest I'm, definitely not on load that you are definitely known for your incredible interviews. Thank you. So my question to you is: what is your research process like yeah? So it's? It is what it looks like it's just elbow grease. You know, that's the thing about hot ones, that is, it is just by design a labor, intensive, show and I think that it's just as important to do it myself. You know and not that I do it all by myself like at this point, I've got like my little brother doing dossiers and then Christian Berger who's, my creative partner and all this. What we'll do is we'll divide and conquer, so I'll send him all the profiles and local paper stories and magazine articles and whatever that I'm gonna read and with the podcast I'm gonna, listen to if it's an artist will listen to their music. If it's an actress will watch her move, you just drop everything when you have booked the guest like how much do you commit to just researching and consuming every minute that I have so sometimes you know you don't have that much of a lead time, like maybe you're, able to confirm somebody and shoot it in a matter of like 48 hours. You know what, if that's, what I have then whatever then I'm, not gonna drop. You drop everything that possible and you just boom, consume everything. Well, you have to and I think too, as the show's grown you know now there are like more and more expectations like it's funny, because, like at the beginning, when like stuff was getting 15,000 views you're like whatever, but then like, there's part of you that almost wishes not that I want to say that, like not, that I want the show to fall off, but like now, I already know that, like millions of people are gonna, see it so I can't embarrass myself right, onerous stage that big, so it actually like ratchet ratchets that up and then to is, you know, the viewer experience is always different because we have such a wide array of personalities. You know because it ultimately is just the wings, the hot sauce, a black background in a bald guy, so to keep that going at a longevity level. People's expectations only get higher, they see something and then they need to see something different or see something better. Otherwise, it's gonna stay and eventually it's gonna fall off. So I always feel like, as the show's gotten more popular like that process has actually gotten more intense to a point that they're all affection. Sometimes you have to like manage your time because, as someone who's now dabbling in interviews doing what we do here, I I'm, trying to think of myself more as like an interviewer and less like a comedian he's trying to be funny when I'm sorry here across from somebody so part of the challenge that I have is like time management. So you find a three hour podcast. You can't listen to the whole podcast! You don't have enough time right or you know, or do you but like. Where do you find your nuggets generally deuce? So what I'll do there is like? What's good about the podcast? Is you can play that at 2x? So, like you know what I mean like really like I might walk to work like I, actually can crank out that podcast or like whatever, like at home or whatever before I go to bed like I, actually can crank out that podcast or that book on tape or what-have-you, but just like cranky you're gonna consume it all in its entirety. Well, here until like you know, you can find these nuggets like I. Think what I look at too is like at this point watching so many interviews like in research, I'll, look at body language as much as I talk about like what's being discussed because, like sometimes you can see, and maybe like an interview that isn't great, that, like that person doing, the interview is just leaving a lot of change on the table, like maybe they'll like ask something, but because they're just thinking about the next question, and because this is just some sort of formula like they're, not really looking at the guest. So, like you can kind of see where, like maybe they're, maybe they like perk up a little bit and then they're like on of the next questions. The person kind like like you know, like you, can kind of write you like. Maybe they kind of wanted that topic to be explored a little bit deeper, like I'll. Just put that topic in that person together see if I can find like what has been said about it. What's being said about that thing, try to put together some sort of like hot one style question around it and that's sort of like you know just an as much as like finding these random truffles in the ground like at the same time, you're kind of like looking at what other interviewers leave on the table. New, interesting and I. Think to that, like I need to know that, because there's so much that can happen on the spot and so much that you need to improv in that time and I have to like really know that person and think about that person and make that person a box I'm almost like interviewing that box, because I've done just as much research and Christian Barry's done just as much research that we have sort of just this like armchair psychology mm-hmm interesting, do you have an interview philosophy like some kind of guiding principle that that you find helps you I mean I? Think it's just you know you look at what's interesting to you at some level. I think! That's like 30%, you think about your audience to a certain degree, and then you know that I think that, like what people like about hot ones is a naturally humanizing experience, you know. So it's not like taking the celebrity, which by definition is you know these people living this unattainable lifestyle you know and then let taking it down to just a normal level because, like you know, if we want to talk about like in or not famous or you know like just whatever it's like normal people, I like I, like I like when people are just you know, I think that people that live in that spotlight they like when people are just being normal to them. They don't like being treated necessarily like yeah if they're over here you know it's like in the process of like the wings and then contextualizing a question. That's part of the philosophy, I'll circle back on that you can just take it down to a more human experience. So that's what people like watching it and feel connected to it. I was gonna touch on something there and just this well ago, I got into that weed chocolate. No, it's so amazing to go in these stores and stuff I'm like I, don't I, don't like weed, but I'm always shocked with like the product. Wait! Wait here, I'm! Just that's what I mean amazing, not everybody. I know everybody I'm related to blazes hard everytime wacky new [ __ ]. Every time we go to a friend and hang out I end up consuming it by mistake. All right do a pantry and then yeah like we were at our friends house and we just grabbed juice, drink from the fridge good juice like nothing, safe yeah, no I like I'll, have like a pomegranate juice and it will just look like pomegranates, cuz I know there's a chance and they still missed it and every time I think it's happened actually twice in the past year and every time it happens, we're like we got a split, I gotta go home. Now it's gonna be that bad that we need to go home. I need to leave this party. Just dabbles I'll take the edge off a little bit but yeah like if I'm gonna commit then yeah for sure. I need to I can't [ __ ] I can't [ __ ] with we. It just makes me paranoid I wish I enjoyed it as much as I see people enjoying it. I wish that all the time for myself, I see like there's like so relaxed, apparently, but when I take it, it's the opposite of relaxation I. Think for me. It started off. I was like a very relaxing thing and then, like just over the years, it's like yeah when you have an abortion not going around. If you tell me I'm curious about your process, okay, if you were gonna research, Sean Evans, like I, did where would you start? But how would you start? What would that process look like? Where would you start well, it just start with like just like a big like a Google search and just trying to find out like if the the pillars of what makes them them like whether it's like the music, whether it's the hobbies, whether it's like whatever find all those things first and just write all that down just put that all into a spot. But then what I find too is like into like social is a good place to go. You know like just start at the bottom of somebody's Instagram and go all the way to the top, because they're like sharing these milestones in their life, so you can kind of get a quick download and then same with the Twitter stuff. But then I think, like another thing, that you should look at, especially with an athlete or a big star is their local paper, because those are the people are gonna, be covering them before anybody else. You know, I mean so they'll end up doing those sort of like groundwork, interviews so I think like. If you look at it in a chronological sense, that's helped me a lot. It's the link. Trees start at day, one and then end at where they are today. That's cool. Try to like put in all those things like, as you see them pop up and then chess game master reminds some sort of interview around what you came up with you. So I like a consistent narrative. Do you try to do like a full narrative when you interview somebody like a story, yeah I mean I. Think there's that. But then you know you don't want to be locked into a convention so much. You know what I mean like there's that too. So then and then then you start thinking that way. But then you also don't want to overthink [ __ ] either yeah. You know because, like it is tough it. Oh there's always like a balancing act because that's like sometimes you know you get so into it. You start like working it out. I, look like Matt Damon and Good Will Hunting, putting together a question, and then you like well, if I ask this person that they're gonna be like moving breasts here. I don't even know how to answer it. So one of my biggest challenges is like because it's a live show dead. Air is like my worst nightmare. If I'm like, like, if I'm listening intently to what you're saying right and then all the sudden you're done talking, because sometimes people will just like okay and now I'm done talking right and then, if I don't have. The next question like locked up the worst moment for me, is being like: hey come on sec. Do you know if you're thinking about that next question I'm, not unless you're not listening, Yeah right? So it's tough I, don't know what there's a skill. Do you need to sometimes I feel learned, I'm really bad at it. Well, here's that what's no you're, not this is very fun I. Would this is a blaster Ethan great? Thank you, [ __, ] god, I wish I was better I wish I was better at that juggling act, but I think this is like even like I appreciate the compliment, but I think that too, like I think I'm, not [, __ ], all the time I think it's like I think it's kind of if I was gonna, make a comparison like stand-up comedy or something you know like your first hundred are gonna suck, but you need that first hundred, you know like you need to just keep stacking I mean even with the frequency with which we put out episodes. That's like another thing that I think about to like I, really don't want to take a month off or two months or three months off and between seasons like I mean I could use a [ __ ] vacation but like like, because you know you feel like all right. Well then that means that I'm not shooting jumpers in the gym, and that means like next time it's game time like and get back you little off exactly so I'm, always just like thinking about how to hone it's always so hard for us. Cuz I have to go visit, my family in Israel at least once a year or twice a year, and that is such a disruption in our you know schedule really, because it's a long and if you're going that far you might as well go for not you know a weekend rather be long and then, by the time we get back, it's so hard to get back to work. So I know you mean exactly yeah, it's tough, but it's also amazing the managing to post one every week for so long. That's like I, wouldn't I, wouldn't trade. The last two years for anything I'm not sure I could live. You know well, I hope that you're not underappreciated at complex, because I would say, and if I'm I'm just saying if complex was watching this, you all Oh Sean Evans a great debt, because you built a show that they didn't take seriously into the crown jewel everybody's looking at complex, now, everybody's taking note and you pulling big fish you're killing it it's the best showing you don't on and not even just saying yeah all right. Let's see it's nice, let's eat some spicy [ __ ]. There's some other questions here, but it's not that interesting. Let's just you know, and sometimes it's nice to just close it and then see where the conversation goes to, but I don't know, see I'm always trying to figure out. What's the best way to talk to somebody, and it's just real, you know it's real hard there's! No, it's no perfect way to do it. You know and then also people like different things. So I would just say this Ethan. This is a [ __, ], amazing, podcast and then, but to is it's like this, you can't YouTube is great and that you can't make people just ride your wave. You have to build it. You know so whatever, if you're able to like put this thing together and build a channel that has millions and millions and millions of subscribers, it's because you've committed to a thing that people like and have been able to like scale that out and then kept that at a high level for so long. So you need to stop beating yourself up [Laughter]. Alright, so we've got here: the pepper, X, pepper, X. Last them and we've got here the Reaper R we got him. We've got milk. The crew wanted to get in on this, so they're coming in I love, it we've got Alex we've got Dan, we've got. Who else we got? Oh we're, gonna show em ian is coming. He has to stand hit with the meme with Ian our interns that his face is always obscured. Ian was in the parking lot. He waved down the Yukon yeah. Well, usually we don't let him in the office he's just usually sits there, and then we saw him when he'd come there today we're giving them a special treat lemon being our presence all right. So how do we are we just gonna dab it all right? Sadly Sarah our switchers unable to join us, because somebody's got to [ __ ] run the show yeah yeah. Oh, these are good. This, don't look good! Those don't look good, see, wings wings! It's complicated! Logistically Ethan, yeah, I'm, cam I'm, getting appreciation yeah exactly but I know what 60 episodes into the podcast. If you just keep bringing these wings out eventually, they'll get it right. Okay, I'm, sorry ting! You definitely don't want. Unsourced wings have got to be one of the most on hepatitis sites. Right so I mean that's just really, not that appetizing all right. So your advice should we do this, so, let's just take well, let's go with the app everyone grab, a wing all right, all right chip, Dan's, a vegetarian, so I'm gonna I want to go pretty hard. Do you mean play chess? That's all you touch on yeah. You know what here's, because, like usually the wings, would be sauced with the sauce and then you'd have an extra dab. So maybe we should just be like a little bit. A big help, you're a big boy, big boy, dad. Oh my god, I'm gonna shake this up all right, I'm doing a big boy dab. This first one looks like a. Can. You prepare mine yeah. Is that so [ __ ] on you? That's that's! That's a big boy dab! That's a big boy! Okay! All right! You know, everyone gets a big boy. Dad I, don't want anyone to regret, not taking a big boy. Dad! Oh yeah! This thing is: oh okay, make sure shredder doesn't get a buddy. Maybe take him out. Is this a it's? A big boy, be a big boy, yeah you're proof yeah. He proves Shawn through the thick boy, dab, yeah. Why don't you uh? You can dab, go ahead, dear I, don't want to I, don't want to dab over dab you and then be like Oh Ethan, [, __, ], I'm, suing Ethan yeah, just say, look into the camera and say I relieve you guys have all like all all a liability. I will not sue. Is that how you guys? Okay, so we're gonna do two and then let's continue this conversation, so you're gonna do the X. This is cuz, then we go G. This is the real one right yeah, that's the X and then that I'm actually honored to have that cuz. It's quite rare, there's not a lot of bottles of that yeah. It's crazy I was like ninety bucks on eBay, yeah, I thought. I was why the video about it and I was like wait. Man, we probably don't actually have the X and the stash you sent us. Thank you. I'm! Do the greater that's a big boy, dad? Okay, everyone's! Not you! Sorry! Oh that's a big boy! Dad yeah! No, no, no regret! Yeah, yeah, yeah I'll! Take more, should I. Take more, you can fear being generous. Oh my god. All right, you know it's bad when Sean's like that's too much, think this alright I feel like we're all gonna regret this. Oh yeah, all right guys. Let's do this, don't eat into the mic. I've made that mistake too hot great. Thank you! Citrusy! Oh look at you gone. Look at a close-up of Sean the her Oakley. Her Oaks are gone. Typically. Is it I can inch it up really good flavor at yeah I mean alright. It was delicious for the first few seconds it was great. I was making fun of that. But the flavor is real dinner. I know nothing and I know bite. Cuz I only took half of the dab. You didn't take the old dad. It's fine, but you know I was probably a more sensible decision. Wow! Oh we did it commit it. No matter four seconds, man, maybe having a little yeah breathing heavily. Are you? Are you scared, urgent care? My mouth is on fire all right, I'm, fine. Actually it's yeah! It was kind of good I'm going back for seconds there you go. You know, that's cuz! That's the thing we like you want to make it good and then that's as a very low spice talk. It's a it's a baptism by fire. You know how at this we go, you'll be inching it up like when I was a howl and raised over there in Chinatown this guy's a chef Johnny his own there. He does this amazing Nashville style, hot chicken, and it's so hot, but it's so good. So I find myself just in this, like you know, torturous yeah, teen experience, but I kind of can't stop, because the chicken so good I had that problem. When I was in Thailand the food there so spicy, but it's so good yeah he's just yeah you're torching the tongue, it's just the tongue specifically, is very painful on the right side of my mouth. Why is it on the right side? Some contact I really want to finish it because everyone did it I feel like. If I do another bite, it would make it looks way worse. The second I'm regretting the first I was like. Oh, that wasn't so bad I'll go back for seconds, but it really takes a couple minutes to creep on yeah yeah yeah. You know what, though I find it does kind of it's like you, get sort of a head buzz off, yeah I, just I mean that's what they say. Spice is a beautiful thing because it gives you the adrenaline rush of being in danger, yeah without actually being dangerous, exactly exactly whether I'm committed that's. Why it like, maybe I'm, just an addict trying to trying to chase that your adrenaline -, oh yeah, that's why I don't give it up, there's nothing to do with wanting to perfect it or you know, get on top of my craft like it's all. Just straight-up need that hit I. Think some of it is stuck in. My I feel like um generally I'm fine, but my tongue is on fire. Yeah I! Think it's just wherever a yeah I know it's the back of my that's. Why there, if you took like I, tried to cheat it I was like if I swallow it fast. Maybe that was because then it hurts later. There's no cheating! No shooting but I'll get you one way or the other mmm how's everyone yeah yeah, it's like a diaper is great yeah. Thank you. I appreciate, if you guys want to buy this heat mist benefit it all from people buying this personally uh. No, but it does help us make videos, no sure you know I, don't get a penny off of it, but uh you enjoy seeing that guys, pay Shauna more I mean. Can we do a patreon for you personally? Would they be down with that, of course, shot I'm gonna keep my mouth shut, there's always a minefield for me. Yeah yeah, but I appreciate I, appreciate that I wish that you were I'm. Gonna pay start setting a check every month you keep going. Oh yeah I'm, not good at expressing it, but my mouth is burning right now, actually less seems like in really bad shape. You went for the second bite and I think it's about the art print for the art. By the way, now I'm totally fine yeah. Should we try? You got a you got a book one time, I I'm, always on the fence about telling you have it's still in the side. Here no I'll just say: I'll give a little anecdote. One time. I walked around all day with a big book hanging and a friend said to me, and it's always an awkward thing to be. Like hey, you have a book hanging, but a friend said to me: you've got a book hanging and I was so grateful that he phoned me right. I like to be respected, share cuz. If I saw that book, hang and I didn't, say anything. That's kind of [, __ ] up right what you're just avoiding the conflict but you're, not being a good friend, no you're, not you're out you No. So if you so moral of this whole interview, if you see a friend and he's got a bug, hang and be a good friend and Tommy's got a bug hanging right. That's tomorrow, I'm, not even the one is anyone up for it now, you're gonna make me try. Don't nobody here is is well. This is les right. Well, party no I, know I'd say about it. I think that confirm that I think that if you have 10 people and you try both sauces I, think half of the people tell you that the pepper X version is hotter and maybe half you know it's just one of those things like once you're in like who's, the better. Yes, yes boy, it's like who's, better Steph, Curry or James Harden or LeBron James, like eventually brought down our space yeah like throwing hot ones. Now, if you like, so is one two three, four five Eli: do you want one I? Don't yeah I, don't wanna! You know [ __ ] your life up we're moving this weekend, so I'm gonna need your help. Yeah abled bodied, so people, so you were out here in LA. Shooting so did you feel I'm going. You know. I was hanging out with Phil Edie yesterday, that's so good! He made it on the he's. A friend of the show Greg yeah he's it's such a great guy. You don't have to eat that, but I am absolved of all sorry. What were you saying, Phil Edie friend his show great guy yeah? Yes, I was that Philly mm-hm? What's behind that door, jumped up? Don't don't take one I see your hesitation. Yeah was uh, went over to Philly, dhq and I did an interview with him like for his show, and then he went and did hot ones with us. The old switcheroo old, switcheroo, I love it I'm. Looking forward to that, so you filmed it yesterday, yep. So how long does it take to actually produce that? So you know, as you know, with like somebody else like crank this out like a lot of coordination. That happens. You're doing it live, but it's like you know, we'll have to hit like a peg on a movie or this on an album release or whatever. So it's like, maybe you shoot something a month before it ends up hitting the website. Maybe you sure maybe four it hits the YouTube page. Maybe you shoot something eight days before it hits like our fastest turnaround ever is a week and that's like really yeah. That's like us being aggressive as possible. It would be like we shoot it on Thursday, publish it on Thursday, no yeah you've done that. Yeah we've done that a couple times. Wait you shot and posted the same day. No! No! No a week! Oh, let's take a bite. Let's take a bite. I want the next one. Okay, you well, okay, you might as well. In my opinion, a little bite is as bad as she's taking all of it, but maybe I'm wrong I. Don't trust you I! Don't trust you did you correct me if I'm wrong? Is that all right it made my brain go deep, like when you said that so now this one yeah I, like the other one actually about to be more flavorful. It's a Maxwell Wow that one's more [, __ ] up I, feel yeah immediately yeah. Maybe it's cuz I've already been in that other one tastes better I do like, but this one is like it kind of like a deer immediately I'm having flashbacks so yeah they're, not that one. Although those dabs were larger, there are very aggressive dabs. All those are aggressive as a [ __ ] around try to make up Melissa. So tell me about your family, because a week to edit an interview seems like a lot from where I come from, but we're very yeah, but we get small operation. There's like a whole thing where you have a whole score to it. You know like we're, not ones like right right. You know so like it'll, be like a whole thing. You know, you'll take this hour and 10-minute interview you'll, like what I'll do is uh go in with an editor and then we'll like cut it down to like just the content, so you're involved in the editing process, yeah like down to picking them you're on the top. You d, you focus on all the details. You're involved, there's no part of the sandwich that I'm not involved with, like we have an amazing, editor and I want to shout out. Chris Murphy cuz he's an unsung all this, so the editing is great yeah, so Chris Murphy love you buddy and he's an amazing editor, but yeah like from the research to the wings. No, no. To top me off boy to uh to every aspect like picking music and cutting angles and everything yeah like I'm involved in all of it, I can't give it up I'm like so obsessed with it. No the milk really knows, and I heart is like good, like the Reaper was way harsher on initial intake, but it has it's fallen off. The pepper. I would say that that's! Actually, it is that's. That's true like if that's the correct assessment, that's a correct assessment. It's a yin yang! You have a situation with those two, the pepper X that that crept up yeah I had a second I was like that. Wasn't bad at all. In a minute later, I'm dying, it has like a late wave creep and like Ian to cos. The taste is kind of Pleasant at first yeah feels like I was teabag by Satan. It looks like you were teabag by saying: do the fans know that you're so involved in the whole crew? Do they see you as the host or they like? This is his show. You know some people, don't even think I'm, writing questions and yeah. You know like people which actually gives a compliment because it's like Oh Sean's, like so [ __, ], handsome and a like that I always like that's. Usually people like trying to take a shot at me, but I'm always like. Thank you, like I, really appreciate right right, but yeah there's like there's, no there's no part of it that I'm not touching and I, which suck it which actually like, is not a good thing. I'm like no. It is a good thing. If you want to know what's going on all day, I mean on that. That's probably a big reason why it's so quality why the quality has been there from the beginning and and persists well because yeah, you know like in that way. You know it won't because I won't, let it like it won't dip, because I just won't, let it so there's that far. But then it is, you know. Obviously such a labor-intensive show that sometimes you think, like maybe can't grow outside of it, because you're so in the weeds on every single part. You know I took yeah, that's also true. I mean in our case, for example, we're doing like the Teddy fresh, the broadcast and the h3, and sometimes I feel like I, try to work too much on everyone and get torn right, but at least you got at least you got three guys here yeah, you know they help. Keep that tent up. No, the trust these guys, you like these guys, they're the greatest they're the greatest and everyone smile I, just got to bring them out here and tour today. I want to say thank you Sean Evans, so much for coming out. Thank you, for you are the greatest. You are appreciated. You are loved. Thank you, dude! Is there anything that you want to tell the people you do this whole thing like hey? What are you promoting? Wouldn't work? You know hot ones be really careful about shredder by the way. Okay subscribe to. First, we feast, if you like the shows, if you like the episodes, it's it's hot, once it's Sean in the wild, it's the burger show. We have food skills and food grills and more amazing things on the way. So, first we feast- you know it's not just hot ones. I, really, think that you know we check a lot of boxes with that and there's a lot of dope [ __ ] to check out so if you're bored, you're, looking for an internet rabbit hole to go down, suggest that one I also highly suggest it isn't it's the best coming in two guys, I agree! Well, that's nice yeah! You guys can subscribe to our channel for free. Do you know that free money does exist? It does I'm telling you. If you connect your twitch Prime account strike that if you can go necked, your Amazon Prime account to twitch. You could subscribe every month for free, it's free money, you if you can't support our sponsors or do bite shirts or any [ __ ], and you want to self support us connect the account it's free. Okay, thank you! God bless! Next week we have deadmau5 joining us. Please leave your questions on the server and I want to say. If you guys are looking for updates about when we are going live, who our guests is up, whatever updates, if we're late for early, follow the h3 podcasts on Twitter for all future updates or follow me on instagram and h3h3 productions? That's it thank you again and hope to see you again soon, buddy yeah guys! Thank you all so much for watching hope. You'll have a great weekend. It's already the weekend, Saturday our whole weekend. So we're we're gonna. Do it on Friday your schedule? No, it's fine! It's flexible, I! Think it's our first weekend show, though, just coincidentally don't have been on where it's been like all week has been weird all right. Thanks, Thank, You, lovey I appreciate you, you got it got it. [Music] [Applause].