What up pip nation welcome back to another episode of the h3 podcast live here with my beautiful, wonderful co-host, ela Cline, you look, my life ela cloners I should I, say Gila cloners. How are you doing on this Friday? Very good, thank God. It's Friday! Looking for this Saturday good job, everybody for getting through to Friday. You know, I got to say before I think for the longest time the weekend didn't mean anything to us. That's true and just recently last week was our first time doing this. What we're like you know what we're gonna work super hard during the week day and fry it and Saturday Sunday I'm, not even gonna open my email, yeah, no work, I'm, not even good I'm, not gonna, think about it! I'm, not gonna! Oh and it's actually been I mean so far. We've only done it one time, but it's it. It was good. It's really good and you forget how much you need it like psychologically right, because the whole thing for that one year was like you're working every day and you never have anything to look forward to there's no, like separation. In your time- and it was kind of driving me crazy, yeah, so anyway, happy Friday, everybody god bless the weekend. Am I right TGI Fridays? This episode is brought to you by quit the bull ass, toothbrush, that'll clean your mouth quicker than a than a toothpick toothpick Dollar, Shave Club. God bless him neck beard challenge told more about that later and, of course, my new favorite game on the block, Elder Scroll Legends more about those guys later. Today we have a special special guest. My friends, you may know him from our second channel Ethan Angela. We did a whole series about this guy and one of my biggest regrets was not making a video about him on the main channel. He's such a prolific legend Jimmy Lee. The jersey outlaw now he's here in the studio with us. We're gonna bring him in soon, but I want to bring everybody up to speed. So you know what we're dealing with here. So, first of all, let me tell you the story about how we found out about Jimmy. So on the subreddit there was this post didn't get too much attention, but was fascinating. Fascinating then you're snoozing, it doesn't really work. Gonna have to beg you to do it. Everybody's been making fun of me because I know they say h3 podcasts in a nutshell, fascinating the soundboard and you know: what's you know what I mean and then like I was looking through our last episode and I, just clicked in one random spot out of three hours, and it's me going that's fascinating I guess maybe I do something. Let's put on the soundboard tried to do like I like it. If [ __ ] somebody will get on their [ __ ] fast me, maths, fascinating, fascinating! It's good, fascinating man Frank anyway, so got it. Iii said it and I wasn't even I. Do say that too much all right. Now it's meme there was a post on our subreddit. It was like boogie, says: I was or sub whatever somebody says. I was molested as a kid and Ethan fascinating. Whatever [ __ ]. You guys me minami. Where was a story about Jimmy Layton, so we found out about Jimmy Lee on our subreddit. There was a post and he's like I. Have this dentist in New, Jersey or Philadelphia, and one of the two and he my dentist, gave me a mixtape while he was working on my teeth of his band called Jimmy, the jersey outlaw, and he was like so weirded out by it- that he never came back to that dentist. But what he did is googled his name cuz. He was fascinated fascinated by the guy and what he found was was incredible right. So what he found was that he was also making comedy sketches in his dentist practice beyond passing out his mixtape. So here's that video. This is how we found Jimmy. Just to give you an idea, it's called one: [ __ ] up Dennis aka, one [ __ ] up Dennis the non cheeky version. This credit goes wait, so so he's yeah and then they're like just I mean you know. It's give you an idea of what we're dealing with here and then here's a timestamp below one specific moment that caught my to YouTube Dublin, it's always YouTube. There they're the source of all problems in my life ela. So, just for the record, this is his real assistant that he put into this sketch. You know and he's married. He has kids he's, probably a great family man for all I know, I, don't know, but yeah you pick a number between 68 and 70 I did a girl so good last night, Natalie that the police came three times: I'm gonna school yeah yeah graduate with me. You graduate magna [, __, ] laude, so anyway, so but this is a whole, like total romp right. This. This sketch was something that I'd never seen before, and so we made a video about it on our second channel. They they, you know, got his attention and we ended up meeting up with the guy, but I would say even before I get to that. What he's most famous for is his street comedy mmm-hmm. Let me give you a taste of this [Music], so his comedy style is essentially roasting. People he's never met before it's it's incredible. What he gets away with yeah, hey, how you doing yeah big fan. How long you been black, it's really great to watch I mean it's really something fascinating I'm, so aware of myself, saying it no fascinating that took way today we gotta work on that dude, we gotta, be you gotta, be you gotta, be Doc Holliday on that fascinating button, all right. What else we got like he's like a drive-by insult artist like when people go on the show like the roasts right, and they know what they're getting into and they're volunteering them right right right, but it's just walking on this street and just insulting people like brutally well ela, don't you know when you walk on the street, you consent to be roasted by Jimmy Lee. Let me see what else forget. He brought cameramen with him, I wonder if they know what they're getting themselves into I, don't think they've ever worked together before I was gonna, be interesting to see the UH see how that works out. This is one of my favorites here he's talking these old. Ladies, what did he say that you guys are Cougars? You know Freddy food cook, you guys are Cougars Freddy, Krueger's, anything to make it your 10 -, 5, X, -, 10, yeah and PS plastic surgery. It's all rough, telling a girl to get plastic surgery. To be honest, but that's just that's the art, that's the harder! You do here, you're a stripper. Well, she went and got a boob job two weeks you because it's all she could fight for I mean he paid this girl to come with their anyway. You guys get the idea if you're not familiar, we've got some more clips plan. Let's sit here. What else we got sports? Yes, what? Oh this one wait! This is the one okay I want to watch this one later um hold on one sec. Wait: where is this yeah? Alright? So that's pretty much Jimmy! In a nutshell: here's a good one, we're here at Comic, Con in Philly, I, don't want to tell you hey guys today, I discovered black and white television. Let's hear it right now: black and white TV back from the 60s, but it's back your name she's, so scared of it and your name Jordan we're Jordan. In annum their date, they have a lot of fun. They mix it up a little bit tonight. She's gonna, be black, he's gonna be white, they do whatever. Now they gotta do a little detention so anyway oooh to get a little attention. Ish he's an old school guy and then so anyway. This is his comedy and then, after all, that we made a cup several videos about it. We went out and we met the guy all right, but tonight I wanted to go to bar okay. This court doesn't work. It shows up on this yeah all right. The discord doesn't work guys, so we went out to lunch and he started like kind of like [ __, ] I couldn't tell if he was actually trying to [ __ ] this girl, so anyway, just I'm trying to give you as much full context as I can because I think a lot of people. This was a long time ago and since then, since we made these videos together, we've kept in touch we've cut in touch big time. I explained we I mean Jamie emails me very frequently. He pretty much emails me like five times a day, we're best friends. He knows ela -, my inbox, clean yeah. It wasn't personal, but I I endured it because I'm like Jimmy's a legend I mean the guy's, the guy's a legend. So look that's kind of brutal, but it's just like we're just truck worth, trying to be forthright trying to be frank here and Jimmy he's a legend I'm ready to bring him in. Here we go. We got so Jimmy Jimmy Lee welcomed the legend. You just did a full intro on your welcome board. Appreciate Jimmy also brought his cameraman with them. You want to check this. What a check audio make sure now, what's the cameraman for well, the cameraman is just to make me feel good, because when you get older and nobody cares about you and pays attention, you have to pay people to hang out with you. That's kind of what's happening. That was like wow yeah yeah things are. Things are tough for me now. Oh my god, I'm having a rough time, I'm setting you up yeah. What's the setup I got a new girlfriend, though you know about her. No oh she's a blow-up doll mm-hmm. She takes my breath away nice mm-hmm. So what is your name? Sarkis Sarkis, yeah, Sarkis and I met at Folsom County Prison many years ago. It was actually an inmate mm-hmm. Are you familiar with? Oh, my god, all right, audio, good young Fouquet enough? No more movement! Yeah! Do you know what you're getting yourself into? Well? We share a reaction, yeah funny guy he's one funny guy. So how are you dude how you been um I'm? Having some some problems? Ethan, wait! Wait things are fine. How are you in life? Tell me, like things are good in life. Things are good I, don't have any complaints. Well, I'd I have a couple complaints. I, had a dog I told you about the dog. We got rid of. You know about him. The kid was in the hallway, with his leg up in the air, how to get rid of the dog was awkward. My son I would walk in the hall. We had his leg up in the air, so the dog and then the dog kept teaching a wife on a roll over and play dead. I had to get rid of the dog yeah. We called the dog Egypt in every room. He left the pyramid right, a dog's gone okay, good yeah good, but is it a possibility to ask you? How are you doing like not as it hard yeah like? How are you, though, I'm doing fine I'm a former overall? How have you been since the last we saw each other cuz? It was a pretty intense moment for me like it's. It's no secret, like between us that it's it can be awkward for people to be around you right, like you know that you elicits that response. Why? Why do people think that when I'm just a funny guy trying to have fun, why it is that perception happen, you don't know no or I hear die, jokes or cringe and I'm just trying to be funny and cute people take the whole thing the wrong way. Okay, oh, no! Okay! That don't do that! Well, this is great okay. So here, okay, well I actually have a clip one in particular and I'll just show it now, because I think this is a great place to jump it well. If I had to tell you I think it's because you tend to be look way too offensive right, but instead of well, you just met right, but people don't get that it's cute, they get. Oh, we get the wrong way. If they don't know me right right, but none of them know you, that's that's the problem, so we have to get famous. So everybody knows me and then, when I do my stick, I'll be okay, yeah, you guys. So that's the key you've got like a catch-22 where you're, like my my bits, are just mean unless I'm famous and then there's a no no cuz they'll know my caveat. It's kind of getting in the way of you getting there, maybe or not- hmm! Well, let me let me watch this particular clip, because this one struck me as as being particularly brutal two weeks ago so, like you just you're, basically just like I'm making like brutal fat jokes. Actually these girls and the thing is like they don't you know they don't expect it you're like hey. Do you want like? How do you introduce them? How do you get them to come in the video? Well, a lot of times? They see the cameras and the models and the photographers. They know something's happening right. That's a little preemptive bring them in, but they don't know what's gonna happen, so you get that they be candid response, because if you kind of tell them ahead of time, hey we're gonna do insult jokes. You want to do it. It takes away from the the candidates response and then it's not as funny and then there's sometimes we'll do. Clips and the other people don't react, and then it's not funny, because both people have to react to make it funny. So you'll do some clubs, people get upset or they they are not interested. Well, do you ever feel, like maybe I, took this too far yeah but I never had any filters. You know, that's that's a good thing in a bad I. Think now, when I'm doing my business and running a company, you know if you saw me doing that, you wouldn't even know it's me, because I have write multiple locations. 50 employees I own, my own denture lab I got 10 Doc's at work for me, and I got a big outfit and we're you're successful dentist. What is your passion is a comedy or dentistry? Well, I have one dream left. You know: I've made enough money. I have a big company. I have a wonderful family at them. In my 30 years, two kids, my late, my last drive traveled all over. My last thing, Ethan I want to do is just get famous and known. That's the only thing: yeah, that's the only voice, my life. What is that about for you? I had a void since I was a kid. I always wanted to be a celebrity in a store. You know what's wrong, what about it? I! Never I, never got past it. What why um there? Really it's a good question! I! Don't know what I think my grandfather when I was real young, took me to the 500 club and I saw the celebrities and I got that buzz and then in college the casinos came to Laennec City I used to go, see all the shows and I just got a high from entertainment. I wasn't doing this for money, I'm, not making money doing it, there's a passion from here. So what does your wife think about that? She thinks I'm, nuts and I got my oldest son that thinks I'm nuts and my young one thinks I'm hysterical. What does she think about all the female attention you get because I see in your videos, you're often escorted by beautiful young women who they're showpieces and sizzle pieces and I do security guards now - based on the comic-con I? Did them it's, basically just an adjunct or a showpiece or like? If you go to your the steak, place, there's the sizzle and then there's the substance, the substance that the steaks good - sizzles, how the restaurant looks and if there's pretty waiter girl sizzle for it it's a sizzle effect. What do you like these girls? Modeling agencies? Okay, that's that's! Basically, all they are in the security guards, a security guard agency. It's just a business transaction I pay the girls for the day or the security girls revenge, but they do they create an effect God and an illusion is really what it is right. So it's a marketing tool. Is it possible? Are you? Are you gonna, be there the whole time it's a little hard for me to focus on. Are you filming? Are you filming? We have three cameras in here. Jimmy I mean I, don't, but it's hard for me to focus on you when you when get out dude. Oh, can you stay and do stills or now not really? No. This will do - still all right. Okay, no! It's pretty yeah! Here's really pretty intimate for us like we just have any comas. Okay, so tell me about tell me about the year.I. We first learned about you when one of your clients from your dentist practice was like this dudes hanging out. Mixtapes right is that something you're still doing now. I stopped music and tried this. How come you I, don't know? Why was there a moment when you realize that's off the 1f Dennis? Was there a moment when you like? When did you? Why did you stop handing out your mixtapes, because clearly that worked I mean that got you high grade art I did music and um I got some songs on radio open for some big acts and then I kind of realized that it flatlined and I'll tell you what made that happen. Um I wrote a song Spanish girl in 2011, and it was a ballad which I normally don't write, and it was a beautiful song. It was probably one of my best songs. I didn't got some radio play and it didn't go anywhere and I said: that's it with music I I put in I put out something it was like a Mona Lisa. Was it Annabelle this girl on listen to it in Spanish girl, no Jimmy, Lee, listen to a piece of it. I mean that's. What made me stop on that this song? Did you go big? Listen to just you realize when this song didn't go where you wanted it that alright, let's watch this video yeah who's, the girl, another model, she's a model, Jen artis! That's you singing! That's me singing I'm, really talented with music. That's it by a producer! So it's a new write. It I wrote every song is: are you every song I've done is written by me? There's no cover sign. Do you get a lot of female attention when you're doing singing and song writing yeah, you get you get attention when you do entertainment, I, get more female attention with music and more middle-aged guys with comedy, but you get attention, no matter what it is like do you ever? Does it or do you ever feel tempted because I know you're married man? I, don't need to do that I'm, the ham I like just to be the spotlight. That's my buzz, not not running with chicks and that I just like to be. We were joggers last night, I had wolfgang puck over at the table. Taking I need to be in the center of the line way. That's me, that's my buzz got. It so you asked me earlier why about entertainment that that's it they have a lot of insecurities. This is really something [Music]. It doesn't sound like it's it's mixed [Music]. It sounds good, listen! That's rock and roll baby yeah, listen to the course, a tiny bit more just where you were at that's the bridge. Where are you right now, Philadelphia 2012, so um that what happened with comedy was. It was a fluke that I got into comedy. I was doing a music show one night and the lady introduced me to a comedy Booker and I said you know. My wife always tells me to do comedy and he goes well. We have an open mic come down in a week, so I got some jokes and I went down and I did like five minutes and people left I said alright. I'll try this that's exactly what happened. It was actually Ethan a fluke. So would you want to roast one of us you're like a roast comedian right, yeah, all of a sudden, all of a sudden were having this is serious thing, and now I got to go into Jimmy, Lee mode. Let's tell all right so you who my roasting a my roasting could start with me. You want me to say kitty long for you, yeah I could take it well, you know we all know. Can I Ethan? First of all, while the viewers are listening, can I can I confess something that a lot of people don't know and I think HeLa doesn't know, may I do this on the air yeah, okay, I, don't know what it is. Okay, well Ethan I'm here to tell you and he'll I'm here to tell you that I am Ethan's real father and I. Just wanted to tell you on the air live I didn't want to I didn't want to do this. You know I want this is, and and I I have photos home and everything you did I know you think about mom and dad anything. The other thing is your mom and I know you don't believe this. Is it Kitana? What is that? What if she is afro-american wait? What is good is racist. No! No! Oh! So yeah I'm, your real dad mom. What the [ __ ] your mom is yes and I know you don't know this right, but you need to know this and I have photos and I can bring them in later and [ __ ], my mom is probably texting now your mom is Akutan and I am your real daddy's and so son, so I'm half-black. So yes, you just don't know that my mom's black well with. That would be a surprise. It is true because we had a lot of treatments, skin treatments done with you when you were young, we didn't mean beliefs. We bleach you a lot. Yes, yes, all right, so that is a confession in heal. I wanted you to be here, I like that I like that I asked you to roast me and then you're. My dad is the hardest road yeah. Let's hear some material. Let's hear some of that fresh well, I have some new material which is like this is an Armani. My shirt, yes, Salvation, Armani and I was telling a thin. The difference between the Jew and a kanuni said: what is the difference between the Jew and a Cano I said it. Knut tips and I can keep that joke to myself. He'll. If you don't get and I remember I, remember the canoes tip unlike Jews shoes, don't tip tip like money, because Jew tip like money, so Ethan! Oh, you know, although good canoes aren't supposed to tip right so so Ethan when he was a little boy, we took him to the zoo when he was five when we left them there, and this is what what happened. This was the the result and we had him work in a pet store when he was 11 and people used to come and ask oh how big he get. So he quit that job. When he was a teenager, he was a lifeguard in a car wash one summer. It got wet, so he quit doing that and he went to high school. He graduated ninth in his class actually out of 10 and he was hila honor student in high school. Yes, your honor, no, your honor! Thank you, your honor, and you want any more. He did go to college two years heel and he quit and I said Ethan. Were you a dropout? How do you know so much about me? I'm, your father? Okay, it all makes sense. Yes, mm-hmm, yes, hey Jimmy! Do me a favor take off those glasses you're making aspect? Oh oh I never heard that joke before hey Jimmy. How long have you been white I'll be black with you in a minute now, one of my new one of my jokes is when I do the blacks. I have my whole setup, but when I'm done, I go I'll, be black with you in a minute I added that one in that's powerful. You seem to be very focused on race like when you do your bits. Well, I was a marathon runner and that's part of that reason. Yeah wise, you said: I was focused on race and it's cuz. I was a marathon runner right when I was younger right how'd. She get that beam. You didn't race. Well, I, don't know wife, just it was bad. No, it was good I. Just kept hearing. You say: blacks in my mind, yeah and I was like dude. Is it racist to refer to black people as blacks, um HeLa I'll defer to you one head from Israel, but you say that right you say you say the blacks, yes, yeah I say yeah. Okay, you know chocolate mocha, you know call it cream, yeah they're, all different flavors. Whatever you want to you know, let's watch some of your videos. Let me see cuz I, like you said, I, find it interesting that you're surprised that people are offended by your jokes. You know what bothers me is that people don't get me and I'll. Tell you something interesting: Don Rickles who's, my favorite comic. He said when he started out. Nobody got him, but when he hit everybody loved them and that's why I say them early in a podcast if I hit and get famous, people will expect to see what they see from me and know, I'll be accepted, but when I'm an unknown I'm an idiot I'm offensive, I'm, crazy, you're, just thinking it's a matter of time before people get the Jimmy Lee phenomenon, yes and then yes, dad I'm convinced they will I'm convinced they well, and maybe that's maybe that's me thinking that something's gonna happen that I want that won't. But but that's exactly what you just say, you got to keep dreaming here. Watch this clip! Yes, sir, do people ever get upset sometimes do have you ever got tried to be as anyone try to fight you know. Never now you know most people know because you have an entourage, your kid and sometimes when they give up - Roger, disarms people, yes, but and when they get a little bit offended we'll walk away like we were. We were at comic-con and there were a couple instances and- and my mic team says let's just go: keep walking not really what happened? Well, they think there was your look or not they're, not interested or they get upset seems like dangerous, because some of this stuff I feel like. If you said this to the wrong person, you could be in danger. Well, you know what I did Dom. Did you watch that hey you want some change. I went into canned and I did something stupid. I could have got killed. I want to watch that. Oh, my god, thanks Bert hurdle. Hey! You want some change change, Jimmy yeah! You! You want to heal, you'll die when you see this sounds good. Okay, okay, so set this video up. I go to cam them with a bunch of quick Camden. It's the worst area of South Jersey, it's all! Okay! You know Medicaid people, poor people and I, go to the bus station and watch its historical it easily. Then you ask these poor people if they want change. Well, watch what I do to do it? It's it's kind of it's! It's! It's state you talking about danger. This was stupid of me to do now that I, look back. I would never do this again, because I could have really got killed. Did you feel the in danger? While you were doing we left after about a half hour, because some people stored it up, and that was only with one guy. You didn't have the whole girls, you know yeah. It was me and one guy on my phone filming all right. Oh he's on your film on my phone you're feeling, oh wow, this is great. Let's have a look hey! You want some change. Poor people, that's funny because they're poor, they probably do want change. Well, that's what makes it cute watch. What's cute watch watch I became very popular, that's kind of a personal question right, it's funny cuz. Who would do this? That's why I don't get that's why you're healing we have to get famous to people? Well, you know to see it. That's, like you know, that's almost like murdering your whole family and then being like. Who would do this much? Okay, it's fun! It's cute! It's funny! Who would do this I'm not crazy over too long you're? Not that crazy, no I would never hurt a person. I just want to be noticed and have fun. That's really all it is so I guess you're successful. If that is your goal, let's keep watching by the way. How much money were you giving this guy I had a bunch of quarters at my core couple of fifty bucks of quarters, we had fun. We had a good time. We had fun. We had a lot where most got killed, Ali yeah a good time, but there's there's more good season. Let's yeah one watch this lists. Let's find out how big this guy's dick is pushing it those on the phone. So why so? Why do you keep pushing the it's? Your big like? Are you genuine you? Just like the awkwardness you like to push that back a bit AB, it's good when the person reacts and you have to be an 8 when you do entertainment, a an 8, you have to kind of know without thinking about it, whether to push whether to go away like if someone's really getting mad. You apologize, you stop, and you know you don't put that clip in worse and when somebody's going with you and they're energetic and he's manic, he like me, you push it so you know he was welcoming you yeah. He, the energy was come here. Let's keep the quarters rolling, yeah right. Oh there's more funny bits in this watch. What I make this guy doesn't seem down with your [ __ ], no, but watch what I make him do. Ethan its historical watch, a little more this this big black eye bunnies. He wants a picture. He wants a picture. Oh yeah watch what this white dude does watch way. He knows you know he thinks I'm famous. He wants a picture. Watch him. The black dude on the right watch, the white guy on the Left. What he does watch it's st. Patrick's Day. We did so you see it's just being crazy and what I did was I didn't think before I good, this rule and I watched it Ethan and I could have actually got killed. I would never go into the danger zone like this. This is kind of being manically, not thinking before you do something. That's probably the most risque real real I did, and that was in a really bad areas, daytime yeah. It was daytime it's like pranks in the hood yeah, it's kind of pricks in the hood franksen hood, it's a whole genre on YouTube. Is it really your kind of yeah you're tapping into the existing genre honey drink so good? It's when prankster is going to like a black neighborhood. The hood and they'll do something like. What's a good one, pretend to other gas yeah pretend we're siphoning gas out yeah those people in the hood man, it's our favorite kind of video. Oh you like that. So should we go into downtown LA two more yeah, let's uh I'll find you I'll buy you the quarters. No I got it. I gotta tell you guys that that was a little scary. He decided when I left I said I, wouldn't do it again: policy yeah, yeah yeah. Hopefully, no one goes after y'all that cameras looking nice yeah, it's worse than more than a couple quarters, it's yeah, so that was we were talking about danger, video, that's a danger, video that one so did you ever feel I mean you felt threatened during this like what happened? What were they doing? Well? At the end, some guy was like you know. This white guy is making a fool you and he was getting real real loud and I thought everybody's gonna band together and I said Joe. If this is our exit point, how much video? No not he goes, I got about 15 eighteen minutes, I said come on, we'll give it to Brian Oh edited into five-minute video, and we left. So you kind of knew when to go whoo. Let's keep watching man. This videos of is spectacular. Okay, your cameraman must be insane to accompany on this. Like who's Billy he's my photographer and best friend, and he was with me at lunch and we ran over as a as a this was impromptu. We didn't play in this you're, just like hey, there's a bunch of poor people. Here, let's run over if their lunch hour, we ran over for 20 minutes and did it we didn't play in this. It's on my phone see some of them are cool. I said you get fan mail from you, you got I feel you have to acknowledge that watching this is brutal. I love this [ __ ]. You know why I grew up on Don Rickles and people when I was real young he'll. It didn't get him yeah, but no of course, and then I would be dying and people are like, but doc doesn't go on the street and call it like he's, got a little more tact right. Les yeah well he's more old-school. Poor I, there's I have no filter right, that's, but it's the same style right yeah! It's your uncontrollable meme, with full with lots of energy that that's a good way to describe me. Yeah I tried taking Viagra I just got two inches taller. It didn't help. I ended up with a stiff throat right life. Like do you, do you do this jokes, with your clients yeah to a point with certain ones, but you inside way over the top? No, no, no, no insults enter. Thank you online. Pungent jokes. What would you? How far would you insult someone in your dentist's chair, I, I? Don't I, don't you said like oh just little, one-liner punch, it's like! What's one you would tell your patient? Well, I'll do I'll. Do you know I'll say you know: I got Madiga ROG! That's why coming back out I, don't know how your marriage is mine's, not going to good. You know. I said I'm married, but my wife self I said. Is your wife busy tonight like I'm, not installing them right? You know those people come back. They come back. I have a lot of older people that have been coming to me years and they love me and they get me cuz they're 50 to 60 and it's the old-school, jokes and I know who not to do it with and you got to remember. I got five offices I own and I work only out of one seeing patients so I've had these patients for 17 years. They know me: okay, Audubon location and the other locations, I'm only in admit traitor with staff and when I'm working and running a business I'm looking at metrics and numbers and measurements and schedules and insurance aging reports, I'm not acting like an idiot Jimmy Lee guy went in did run my business I'm, dr. James Weiner, the business administrator. What you two wouldn't even recognize, or probably like, because of course I'm kind of I'm kind of like that Superman and Clark Kent. It's two different you're married differently, well, I dressed up when I'm doing dead wearing that you were here is the Dennis code problem, yeah yeah and when I'm doing administrative, it's it's nice jeans and a Robert Graham shirt like that shirt, Jimmy Lee meets Ethan and Helena, like you sure like that. But when I'm running my dental business, I'm a business guy and administrator and a dentist and when I'm doing entertainment, I'm the high-energy crazy guy, it's two different person right. Let's take a quick break sure you want to run to the bathroom, get a drink or something we would like to. You know hangs out the men's room. Ethan may I may I, you may all the dance. All right, waise say that chokes out the men's room, yeah may I yeah, all the dicks I don't get the main part like may I give you the answer: yeah yeah, you don't have to fans. Now you I'm doing well. Let's take a quick break. No I got two fans are up in the attic I'll talk to you later: okay, yeah, okay, yes, call the dicks! No just says: okay, you may all right so well we're gonna! You know thank our sponsors right right, yeah, it's powerful stuff! Well, you are perfect straight men, because I was very friends with Steve right who died. Steve was a straight guy de Morny and we hung out for about 15-20 years and I learned a lot from him. He was a singer and then he moved into the straight row and marty was to comment back when we were really young is when there were two comedians PC in the 70s. 80 was one, but when that window TV we're gonna, take a quick, quick break. All right, I'm running the bathroom will be ready in like three minutes no I just got it. I got we're on a schedule. It's from the producer he's screaming at me. It's not me how you doing. That's fine yeah! It's fine, no problem. How are you good good, how you guys we're still alive by the way? Oh? Oh, my goodness, mm-hmm all right. This is this is rougher. This is rough [Laughter] yeah! Thank you. I'm not gonna lie I'm [ __ ] in I'm in over my head. Is this energy I feel like I? Have no control over this way that I blasted? Through all my questions like five minutes and all that was left- was how many dicks are in the bathroom. Oh all, right, let me think the sponsors all right wait. I was just gonna say we could bring then with the news. After the break, if you need, then maybe we should take some questions you know be funny. Is right: okay, guys, I'm! Sorry, all right! Here we go. Let me let me thank the [ __ ]. No, no profanity, please when we do sponsor like a late night, show all right. Thank you to our wonderful sponsors. Let me tell you was who's up this week, quit I got a bird not related to them start over. It's not related, it's a bodily function, but the good thing is that quit makes incredible the best toothbrush I've ever used. Anna burp like that it'll get brushed out in moments. Here's the thing about clip they've got this incredible: electric toothbrush that basically times it out when you're brushing at times it for three minutes, so you know you're getting a great brush and the I'm a guy. That's obsessed with soft bristles, hey my bristles. If they ain't soft, they ain't brushing, and this is softly, so it like times it out I think that just pops on yeah, that's just for the refill. You hear that that's vibrating magic, there's more than one use for this toothbrush. Do you know what I'm saying Gila anyway, it times out your brush? It gives you the breast brush possible and here's what these cool guys did go to go to get quit, get quit dot-com, slash, h3! Look at this landing page they made. This is adorbs hi, ela, Kleiner's, here's what these guys are doing for us right now, just for everybody watching this stream, a special everybody who's watching right now, if you go to the link, get quick, calm, slash h3, you get 50% off straight-up 50% off. That's it give it a shot, because at that price it's gonna be frickin, affordable and I guarantee. This toothbrush will change your life. Your breath stinks change it with wit. This was voted like invention of the Year by some people with clop. We actually use this I use it a home on is all I use so anyway, I'm a big fan of this product so head on over, if you're in the market, for a toothbrush that all shake your life and you want 50% off- go to get equipped. Comm /hz, if you're watching on youtube, that offer will expire but you'll still get a free refill. So thank you to get quit appreciate you. Next up, we have Dollar Shave Club I mean come on. I love! These guys welcome to the neckbeard starter kit, I! Don't if you guys saw our last video on h3 about the 34 year old virgin, but we did the neck beard and his honor I wanted to keep the neck beard for this episode, because I genuinely loved it ela made me shave it off out of shame. Yeah I was like hey. We had some meetings on that yesterday right and we almost left like that with the neckbeard and I was like. Oh my god. Maybe you should shave it. Well, it's messed up because you're, the one after we shot that videos like I'm gonna, go shave off my neck beard and he was like no, you have to keep it. Did you just told everyone else to do a neck beard for the Fupa, trooper nation and I was like wow you're right? What is the lesson? Don't listen to me! That's not the lesson, because the lesson has always been listen to a lie and now I'm just fully conflicted. I wish I had the neck beard, because it's so good guys, if you go to you guys, know what's up with Dollar Shave Club they're, one of our great old, faithful sponsors. Okay, it's a no-brainer! You get this great. Where is it no brainer guys? You want thickness, you want heaviness and a holder get real. This is the thickness by eat. I'm telling you could have a really good time with both of these products. I'm telling you could have a really good time with both these products. It's thick anyway, you get four cartridges. You get shaved butter, that's a $15 value! If you go to dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3, you get it for $5, $5 neck beard, starter kit. It doesn't get better than that. I swear to you now. This is the only razor that doesn't give me razor burn and that's not a burn. That's a! What outer pimps I do really love this product, so I recommend it big time if you're in the market for a razor, you want to support the show head on over to dollarshaveclub.com and get that whole package for only $5 cool. Thank you to them. And finally, finally, bethesda favorite company make the best games on this god-given earth. They came out with a new card game. I spoke about it a couple episodes ago called called Elder Scroll Legends and it's a card game online. You can play it on your phone. Your tablet, your computer, on all platforms. You can log out on your phone log in where you left off on your computer I've, been playing this game a lot I'm in pretty deep on the ranked system. If you guys are into car games, I think you should really try this game. It seems more polished and balanced than other card games. I've played I find myself having the best games, I've had of any card game. It's really fun. That's always been playing by the way. Last week, either wants to hang out I'm like listen, listen, baby, here's, your quip, I'm playing wedges, guys, here's another amazing thing, I think else. Girls legends is the first game of effort to this. If you connect your Bethesda account to twitch and you watch somebody on twitch playing legends, then you get random free drops, that's really cool I, don't think any company's ever done. I think the first one do that it's a really fun game. If you like card games, give it a try, go to Bethesda net and open your free account, it's free to play, played for 30 minutes, you're gonna be hooked, I guarantee it alright. Thank you to our sponsors, guys if you're in the market for a toothbrush razors, are you looking for a fun new video game? Consider trying those products out to help support the show would mean a lot to us. Alright, thank you guys. So what do we? So? What do you think? Do we step back into the eye of the storm? Send the nudes would then send the nudes. Are you guys ready for the nudes people yeah send the nudes? Okay? Maybe I'll yeah, let's take a quick like one-minute break. We regroup, oh yeah, yeah into deep you guys. Alright, let's take a quick, one-minute break I'm, just gonna going to discuss with my allies here and don't go away. Terrible terrible things are gonna happen. If you leave that's just a proven fact, we've done polls on that 50% of the people who stopped watching perish within 30 minutes. They just perish all right. So oh yeah and one other thing everybody who is going on twitch Prime have to give a big THANK at all. You guys haven't give you a shout out in a minute mm-hmm if you don't want to buy any of those products, but you want to support the show. If you have Amazon Prime, you can attach it connect it to your twitch account and subscribe for free every month, using Amazon, Prime y'all are the heroes and the salt of this very earth. Thank you. So much to all you guys means a lot. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you appreciate. You helps to show it a lot all right, I'm gonna, take I'm seriously. Just gonna be one minute I. Just want to regroup so we'll be back after a quick, quick break. Thank you guys. Thank you for joining us today. We have so you brought the cameraman and we're gonna. Get we're snapping a photo here. Okay, so doing so there we go okay, all right, oh, go we're doing ham, OSHA's I thought they were stuff and anything. Let's do the big. No, no, don't don't leave. If you don't move until Jimmy gives you the green light yeah, then? What do we call this well shine? Why is it called a WoW shot? It's like the size of his dick right. Wow right got him right. Wow awesome! Alright, wait hold on. Can you move it's? Okay, sorry about that? I'm! Sorry, dude, I'm! Really! Sorry man! Well, thanks for joining us today, I was a. It was a pleasure. I hope you don't get, stabbed or shot I wish you health and happiness and all the attention. What is your, what is your advice for me to get famous you're smarter than me with the entertainment? Okay, if you okay, if you want to get famous without this, is no body no. This is a good advice. Oh you know what I don't know got no advice for you. Mine was an accident Jimmy, but I. Don't know that the mean I think you're too mean I. Think you have to tone it down a little bit like you can't like there's this one here, like hello, I want to point out this one go a little easier yeah, because you can be funny without being like vicious yeah, vicious and I know you don't mean to be vicious cuz you're, but it comes off users. You have a sweetheart. You have a golden heart: you're, a golden man I'm a good guy, but I people don't see it well. I get like uh where's, the sound death. There's this one where you walk into a candy store- and you says: you're a big girl, you're, a big girl, South Beach, one yeah, and so you can and so hurt to her. It's like oh [, __, ], man, yeah I, mean sure I'm, insecure about being fat and I made it worse. Yeah yeah I get it yeah, but on the other hand, there's probably a market for people who, just like that you're mean so I would say either tone it down or kick it up yeah so either go back to the hood I'm not going to do two pranks. You know what I don't want to get killed. I. Just like the insult comment on the street. Maybe you're right, maybe go down a notch, so I have a more percentage of people that accept it. I like that idea. Better! Oh, are you gonna phrase it as insult comedy? Let them know maybe yeah I, don't know like hey I do insult comedy, just let you know I'm. You know I'm a little outrageous and are you okay with that? If you're not, we won't fix actly, that's that. So, if so, the real they'll know ahead of time. I, do you be my agent I'll? Be your manager I'll go even further. I'll, be your maid of your agent, your manager and your lawyer. That's 25%! Let's make it 40% Colonel Parker got away with it. Why can't you what what's 40% of zero? That's 40! Wait can we get 40% of the dentistry? Is the big number you watch Derek think so they're always like listen. If I'm going to invest in you, I need all the businesses, not just one yeah, so I need 40 percent of the dentistry. That won't happen. My wife, who is that Kevin that was Mark yeah, that was more I'm obsessed with Shark Tank. Do you like the Prophet? You should watch the Prophet? Oh that's another! We show where the guy goes in and he looks at businesses, it's people process product and he looks at business how to help them and get the revenues better cut their overhead and most of the businesses aren't doing well. So I watch a lot of shows to hell so forth. Do I get 40% or know you get whatever value. I want 40% of the dentistry take take 50. Why are we stopping okay? All right, so I'll put your cable on touches my ass, okay, Jimmy! Yes! Is there any more interviews or we? Oh my and we finished your being, you know and am I being a Jackie. You know it's the night, video babe. You know no old cartoons, gags they'd have like a long cane and is that, where we're going yeah cheese and bring out the giant cane okay? Well, thanks for having me, they love, you come out for us. Thanks, I, love, ya. I have an open invitation uh if you're, if you're bored Tamura, have nothing to do, and you want to get around with the Jewish kid for a couple hours. They dress. It's the you know where you can email me if you want to come and we'll be, will be there tomorrow, after lunch from about 1:00 to 5:00, I, have a Cabana, okay and you're. More than welcome to be my guest Thank You Jimmy I love you as much as we kid around and have fun one last thing: Ethan. Your pants today are about a half inch high up in a crotch. That's why your eyes are batting and blinking a little bit. You got to loosen up the pants a little bit or get another tailor. Okay, anything about the camera guy camera, guys it's his first job and last job I mean the lens caps still want Sarkis. You got to do a little something this mean for Christ's sake. Well, let's count you work with Jimmy again: I pay! That's all that matters! Cash cash on the Barrelhead! Well, you've got dentist money. What are dentists there's too much money? Well, here's my deal with you. Could you help me? You just need to come to New Jersey, you don't pay when you come to me. Could you help me a lot? Really nice yeah! That's what I do for people that are good to me Oh. Would you say all you need to do? We show up anyway, I told you that when you lived in New York word general dentistry model and we do pretty much a lot of specialty procedures. With the exception of worth, though, we don't do and surgical impactions, we don't do, but almost everything else we do in their locations. Would you sit in this dentist's chair, but I'm different I'm different when I'm, when I'm, when I'm, what I'm working? Do you put people on during them work on them? Well, if they ask me for gears, you know what I do I give them electric. You know cuz I always turn me on especially the middle-aged. Ladies, oh, oh, oh, oh, he wears that yeah. Here he goes uh-oh. What's this? Oh, it's a vibrating toothbrush, guys! I have to give that to my middle-aged. Ladies, that are lonely. It's actually really good. It's a great toothbrush. You know what I told one dental patient the other day, I didn't bring out the cane den no I said when we're done get dressed and use the mouthwash. She did. Okay, good, so I do wear the sunglasses when you're at work rocks guys welcome back to the HTTP podcast live. Unfortunately, alright. How was that that was a ride? That was a ride. It was um. It was some pretty uh pretty powerful stuff out there I think we made we get. We think we broke some new ground, though yeah I mean you got him to get real for a couple like two seconds yeah yeah I mean there was there was a little [ __ ] in the armor right the end. There too, it seemed like that guard came down right. There was a some realness theories and you know tone it down a little bit all right. Whatever of that was a interesting experience for you, that's let's do another starts and just do it from the news. Okay, just go straight news, let's just restart and go to the news and cut it from there. Yep Jake I wouldn't do that I! Just wouldn't do that and crawl up there, alright back here, alright! So in the news this week, August 11th 2017. First up this one's this one's exciting, actually we've got uh. We got a little h3, send news update for you remember a couple weeks ago we talked about how in Baltimore we were going to give a no murder weekend a tribe. Wasn't it an honor of some holiday sex? It wasn't you know it was. It was it's kind of a tragic thing. It was like a mother who had a kid ohad or something and was just like you know. Let's, let's do this: let's do this Baltimore we can. We can go one weekend without killing anybody right right wrong, not just one two murders over the no murder weekend. It was almost like an invitation for them. Yeah I feel, like you know, it's a really pretty serious, troll I really thought it would work. Well, it's like you know, even like the most hardened criminals should be like. Somebody's children died. Yeah, that's all put down our GATS as they call them. They do call them that and have a peaceful weekend. Baltimore is a rough place, man yeah yeah, no I mean it has that reputation and- and it is on pace to actually set the record for its highest annual homicide tool this year, someone's breaking records. Oh there, you go there, you go, you know, and they were they were trying to. You know, pump the brakes on that a little bit and yeah, unfortunately, 40 hours into the grassroots suit ceasefire a 24 year old man was fatally shot and then, within a few hours of that, a 37 year old was also it's I mean it's terrible, I feel bad laughing, but I mean when we talked about this last time. We all kind of knew that, like whedon well, we took bets I, think I think yeah come on. They can not kill each other for one page yeah one day, maybe, but this was three days. This is a 72 hours 72. What was like from what I overeat I know he's a god. If you base your start small starts, you know come on Frank envision, no clothes family, they yeah, no more shooting other people day. Was there any quick answer for quick, kisses reported on the ground that was actually yeah that 37 year old we got a same person all right? What's next, all right? So next up so you know hold on. Let me go and get this up there we go. So you know, there's been a lot of talk about dabbing on the havoc on haters lately and- and you know, I guess it's just. We need to take stock of the fact that we live in a country where it is in fact, okay to dab on haters yeah, oh yeah cuz in Saudi Arabia, this famous singer was arrested for tabbing during a concert. So Jack films been asking the question what what happened? This is what happens, and here he is [ __ ] rationale for for banning dabbing there. It is that was a that was like a [ __ ] jihad, dad that was like [ __ ] straight up Akbar dad. Here we go we're going in slow-mo, no good. Look at that wind up, damn dog! That's when the bombs go off the trigger yo. Why was he arrested so justified yeah? So, apparently you know this wasn't. This is a law on the books. This wasn't arbitrary. It is actually illegal in Saudi Arabia to dad. Why? Because it is a part of the country's far-reaching anti-drug, like you know, they're they're, very serious, about that over inside of you baby I know substances at all and I think you can even drink there right, like literally nothing having into the equation. Somehow it is it's associated with drugs. I guess is how they view it. Well, I, don't know about Western culture; they don't want penetrating their society or something, but it somehow somehow it was decided. Yeah yeah. It was officially prohibited by the country's anti-drug Authority as many considered a reference to weed and other narcotic. What well I don't know about you guys, but when I dab, it's just an elaborate injection. Oh I see okay I'm trying out here, listen I, can't outlet, Jimmy came in how am I gonna compete with the other. Why don't you you know what you are you really diving at me, whoa I love that someone went to prison for dabbling, though I would cherish that yeah I'll never go out for a long time. Yeah me neither son, never go -. Sorry, bruh I'll never go to the Emirates, those guys actually own slaves. Actually I can I I hold those countries in in the highest contempt. Honestly yeah, it's kind of coming there. Theocracy I mean of course it's insane I mean yeah, but but it's even beyond like the theocracy like they, they bring in like Asian immigrants to do like hard labor, and then they confiscate their passports. So they can't leave effectively holding them slaves, yeah, don't go there, don't [ __ ], lock you up for looking for dabbing right, like you're hanging out with your friends, you're, throwing up dabs next thing. You know you're, one of the alright. So next in China, a granny gang that was all recruited from some ballroom dancing classes was busted and harassed it for terrorizing their victims into paying their debts. Basically, this guy got these grand Thurs to be his like little army of enforcers Hornet right, but it's more like a repo Nance right right. So, like you know normally this would be like a guy like Jimmy Lee come and break your thumbs or whatever mm-hm over. Here we have a whole slew. How many did they say? Hold on I took note of this or any gang a bunch of women aged up to 70 were enforcers. I was enlisted by this act or outdoor ballroom, dancing class. They would intimidate people with megaphones before confronting them directly. So can you imagine this like just on the street you're walking down the street and you have like a dozen or so elderly women with megaphones? That is what was his thought process in recruiting. You know elderly women. Well, so it goes a little bit further. They would tear the tear the clothes off their female victims and slow off their own clothes, but we're confronting men apparently to suggest that they had been sexually assaulted. Fine, okay, so how they found it. Beijing News reported that one gang member said and I quote: I had nothing to do so. I thought it would be fun to try I mean what are you doing? You're living in some small town and I mean I'll tip the beneath it's creative creative solutions in like they strip their clothing off I forgot to a key point is that they were also given free meals, and you know how old people are that other page yeah they were. They were paid in meals, China's, weird dude, yeah. It's a little odd I, mean I'm sure there's this weird of [ __ ]. That happens here too, though, to be honest, but this time it was China. So there you go I do recall a couple weeks ago there was yeah that one story sticks out about the the vegans who rescued or was in Canada, no, that was all the meerkats or whatever of the year yeah that was uh. Oh god shut up, Walmart yeah next story. Walmart, you guys see this. This actually made some pretty major news, so you may have already seen this for sign marketing gun. Oh I saw that was that real I thought that was photos. I thought it was photoshopped ooh. This is completely real. Oh this wait. What you're looking at is a gun, rack of rifles and above it it says own. The squirrel year like a hero, it's a Walmart and I'm, so [ __, ] wrong. So Walmart immediately came out and said you know this is not officially sanctioned and like they wanted to know like what store did this and it cracked I saw that and I was like. This is a photo shop. It's funny, but there's no way it's gotta be a disgruntled employee right that that was where my mind went. I mean I get, but it had to be somebody who had access to their marketing material. You know what I mean like they got shipped. Those placards wait where the [ __ ] does walmart so rightful yeah that most of the country actually I've, never seen. No, no I, don't like in California, but in most of the mics. Not you can Walmart right now. That's kind of terrifying yeah I'm on the school year, like a hero every day, low prices on their rifles. Yeah Walmart responded to some of the comments by calling the display truly awful and horrible -. Thank you. Thank you clarifying that it is truly awful and horrible, but the prices are next level and I'm. Just saying you know, if you have some beef, we have the best prices right. Oh my and just to be clear, I guess this isn't the first time that Walmart has been busted for this kind of thing, uh last September 11th. They came under a lot of fire wait now. This is unrelated. I have seen this well I've seen this one too, like it now, people want it. Alright, let's see what this one always long said that the best way to commemorate any national you know, tragedy or holiday, is to sell mattresses, of course, but I love. You have always said that, and ever since I've met you yeah, it's annoying. How often you say that is what am I saying people you know like Ethan, the mattress guy. It is kind of a funny bit, but it's so brutally tasteless the context of it just showing up on the television right. It's pretty shocking yeah. This is the one that I was looking for originally. So this is what I got in trouble for will never forget, and in power of Cola yeah in honor of the three thousand fallen. We shall build this monument to consumerism and sugary drinks. I guess you said three thousand fallen well. Luckily, the price is three thirty, three in honor of all the tears I, never thought I saw myself talking about Walmart. This much grab yourself a coke and a shotgun and be the year of this year. It's below zero. Your school needs, oh yeah, so so yeah Walmart doing their best to uh. So if you have any information, never guess who put up that sign on the right. This national tragedy of 9/11 went like from the worst thing. That's ever happened on American soil to a commercial holiday in like a short like. How long has it been? I mean a little over ten years right, I mean because it's I was 40 years. No like so 15. This will be 16. That's a quick turnaround, we're getting better at this right, but this, but that commercial was from like a year or two ago, so even more credit, even more I. Back traditionally, it takes like 30 to 50 years to turn a tragedy. To long was it until they I mean I, know it's not a commercial, but there was those movies about 9/11. Oh, that was like two years later, yeah that was like the next month. Yeah Affleck was on a [ __ ] write was on the 67th floor, calling his wife, it's so gross [ __ ] their songs about never forget. Well, I'm gonna pick myself up a Pepsi for sure or that's a Coke. Sorry come on be brand family I think that's actually it. It was a light light slow news week, yeah at least as far as I mean you know. Oh yes send the nudes. We have to change the interest, so it's dancing yes, funnier all right! Well, ela, yep, how you feeling you got anything you want to talk about well, this was a this was a wild ride. How do we do this? This episode was pretty unusual. Yeah I think you know, you'll have to watch it back. You you guys did better and I'll say the comments are the the twitch chat. It was pretty critical of old Jimmy there, but well I thought I didn't want to be too rude. That was what you had the perfect tone really meeting and Mimi's always a risk right. You don't know what you're getting into I. Don't think I'm gonna. Do it anymore, honestly, because it seems great on paper, but it's like when you're sitting in in a room with somebody on a podcast setting you need, you need editing, mm-hmm or it needs to be, like really short, like I can't sit in a room with Jimmy for like two hours well, and he in particular, is just somebody that he is almost I'd almost because he did a little bit at the end there, but almost incapable of letting his guard down all right. Just he has. He feels like if he's in front of camera, he has to be on right and you know it. That's not interesting. You can go, watch his videos and see all of his cringe s. Yeah well, I hope this episode was uh. Alas, I was a riot. It was interesting, we're trying new stuff here, guys thanks for sticking around and hanging out with us. During these these you know we're we're still exploring. What number episode is this like 19, 18 or 19 yeah I mean it's crazy. We've even done that yeah, but like Joe Rogan just hit a thousand find out. So you know all right, my dream for the shows I want to be bigger and better we're always trying to figure out new formats and stuff. So thank you guys for coming along for the ride and exploring these new territories with us. I think this show has a lot of potential I. Think we're already we're already one of the most viewed podcasts in the whole world really isn't saying: I mean when you actually think about it's incredible we're getting like between streaming and on YouTube, at least 1.2 million views per episode, so I. Thank you guys for joining us on the show and I and we're working hard every week to make it a better, more fun experience to watch. So thank y'all did our best. This week the viewership was consistent. I'll say that - I didn't notice. There's a lot of people saying like, oh my god. Oh my god, please make it stop, but they you don't want to look away yeah, it hurts cringe. Videos have the most views. Yes, that's the beautiful second cartridge mistake was not bringing any cringe. We shoulda gear, all right, well, I'm gonna end. The show we'll stick around on Twitch to say what up to the pimps and n pimps out there, the super troopers giving at home. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to everyone who hooked it up on Twitch. Prime god bless. You papa bless you next Friday holy foot holy come on Ida holy guacamole, my dogs, I, don't want to say what it is because there's a chance at me, there's always a chance. These things don't work yeah. But if this works out, it's gonna be our biggest episode ever problem. Bringing the cranes clear, don't come with that! Oh my god, I hope it Oh God Ike I'm on the fence with Jimmy I'm like I, hope it works out, and then half of me is like. Oh, it doesn't work out, so I don't have to so make sure to tune in next Friday [Applause] [Music].