Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live. Thank you to our sponsors. Today, stitch fix min Squarespace and Bolin branch. Today we have Bobbie Lee the hilarious and infamous pants [ __ ], Bobbie Lee, the comedian and community and comedian and shooter. He was on MADtv. He has a podcast that he slams and he's just saw all around funny cool dude. But today, before we get into that he's gonna be joining us later. I was feeling like it's time to try a new format on the podcast here, because we've had like a ton of interviews in a row and while I and I love, interviewing and spending time with guests, I feel like kind of the heart and soul of the podcast, should be me complaining and hila. Listening and I thought there hasn't been enough of me, complaining, Andy, listening, losing it and so I'm losing it. And so what we were thinking is that the first 30 minutes to 45 minutes should be me, Neela talking about what's going on talking about. What's bothering me what's not going on and what's going in, all right or out at the same time, you know, there's lots of twists and turns: there's no coffee, there's no water on the table now, I'm a straight up: diva, okay, I'm, a pate I'm, a diva but I'm. Also a patient in forgiving man, okay and I- can only I can only tolerate so many. What did I do to reserve to deserve this disrespect? There's no glass of water on the table. We've got I would like a glass of water, though we need 30 minutes for no respect got like a full staff of people back here we get a glass of water. What are you looking at shredder anyway? What was I saying? I, don't hear water pouring it's on its way, so we thought it would be. We should. We should have our own thing. You know it's a. We should take the time to talk and see what's going on, because there's all kinds of stuff I want to talk about. So let's just get. Let's just get right! Thank you! Dan! Oh that's, not Dan! That's in you guys! Beards are a melding into one identity, so, first of all so yeah Bobbie Lee will be here in about 30 minutes. Looking forward to that, our okay, so we had a live show last month at the improv with post Malone, and it was, it was a ton of fun. It was so much fun. It was exhilarating, so incredible yeah like so, there was 200 seats there and the thing about the improv is like there's no real green room or backstage. So you have to walk through the crowd to get there and when we walked through, everyone was just like so freaking, supportive and high-energy. It was incredible. You walk out, it's like embarrassing in a way right. You know what I mean yeah cuz, it's like everyone's like, so how you want to you- and it's like me. So our first show was a total blast. Our next live show is this month on the 26th at the Ace theater downtown LA, the tickets are on sale, you can spam it can you guys spam it and we'll also put it in the description of YouTube, but this one's a 1,700 seater at the ACE theater I am terrified. I'm, terrified, 1,700 seats and I thought I could barely talk more than like. Normally I can barely talk right more than normal, I think you're being hard on yourself. No, but I did find it interesting that so Austin was like. He was telling us that he was super nervous and he's played shows way bigger than that. But I guess it's it's different cuz. He just goes many things and he does something. That's really comfortable and used to doing, but going up in front of an audience like talking and [ __ ] as a whole. It's a whole different I guess skills yeah. So he said he was super nervous up there, which I thought was cute. We were all so nervous. Raw I was purified before I have to even talk about this. No I, don't think we did see. That's the problem with this show. What's the point of the podcast, if I can't even talk about like that whole experience, so I was so I was just [ __ ] myself backstage as we were waiting and then Austin came like two minutes before we were. It was late and we're waiting in the stairwell and, of course, he's always on time. It's the coolest guy. He comes cruising up the stairs and we barely have enough time to snap a photo but I'm just like I, don't know how to describe that feeling. It's just yeah, it's it's excitement and nervousness and all kinds of nuts there's like no words exactly yeah I, don't know so I'm wondering. But the thing about The Improv is that it's so intimate there that you can like see everybody's face like the first row, we're pretty much like they're sitting right, but I think at the ACE you're not going to necessarily see everybody in there. So in a weird way, I expect it to be less stressful. In that you don't feel like you're entertaining, like people are like staring at you waiting for to be entertained in a way you know yeah you're like when is the joke coming exactly you're, just staring almost until like a black void, because the lights are so bright, you can't really see anything, so that's really exciting, I'm super pumped and what the plan is that we want to do it every month and I think. What we want to do is that at the 8th every month, like a residency, so we'll do it at the our last show of every month at the ACE and we'll put our tickets on sale for the whole year, probably next month after we see how this one goes, if I don't tank, if I don't bomb completely, what's the worst-case scenario like what would be the worst bomb, what if I just walked out and broke my leg, that's what they say: brick you're like what I just tripped and broke my leg. That won't be that bad code. It's not your fault. It's almost like. Thank you. Goodnight no refund that actually happened. I saw a conference at Blizzcon they had. This is the funny [ __ ] in. Can you try to find that or someone back there at Blizzcon? They have a costume competition and everyone comes out in their costumes and someone literally came out and broke their leg. It had to be carried off the stage and I know it sounds tragic, but it was hilarious. Can you find it in meanwhile, I wanted to talk about our last video Ethan's closet, because coroner Ethan says yeah. That's how much I care about it. It had everyone so polarized it was. It was a shitty video I mean I knew that it was just a goof right. It's funny. We actually had people unsubscribing like a lot from that video. It doesn't really bother me I. Just find it funny that, like years of posting content and then all of a sudden they're like nope, maybe they had it. Maybe that was it. You know what Ethan I've had enough with your videos, because the was this is it goodbye forever? You couldn't find forever here's the video by the way. This is important. This is more important than whatever I'm talking about oh yeah. This is definitely it good it to get. You guys are not. This is this is this is what's gonna happen to me? I can't wait. He like immediately just Oh, [Music] [Laughter] [Applause], get it Daniel. You shouldn't laugh, but I yeah, he pretty much. He sprained his ankle or really he's [ __ ] up. He won't even attempt to stand up he's. Just like you know what I'm done. Someone carry my heads up and that's what happens? It's a huge security guy scary though bro you, you have one good leg, just stand up and hop off. God Christ she's also super nervous, it's the most, but you yeah, okay, but I mean you've, got adrenaline, just cop hobble off crawl off stage. If you have to just get on just crawl out you're in the trenches man, those shells fall out. [Laughter]. Look at this. All these guys come on carriers as out. Look at this. They grabbed him by the this is too good. Have you ever seen this batter sight in your life he's grabbing his broken ankle, [Applause] [Laughter]! There's this moment here of like a face that you'll never forget that moment here it is Oh. Makeup doesn't help. So that's the worst case scenario. Very much I can relate. Last night I fell, oh yeah. In our stairs yeah we moved into a new house Hertz, it's got pretty steep stairs. It was when I was just standing there and he was coming down the stairs language shredder. It's dangerous and Healy just ate [ __ ], like she just skipped the last stair here and it looked weird cuz. It looked almost like she meant to do it, but nothing hit hard. She tumbled. She timbered right there remember anyway, so I can't really who can relate okay, you can so anyway, the last video was a real ship post and a lot of people were upset. Some people liked it. Some people didn't which is fine. I I tried to tell you guys. I was gonna post shitty. Videos did I, not say that, and everyone remember when we were like oh I've, been depressed. Oh I've been depressed. It took a little while from that moment, yeah I should have followed it up with this, but you know: I just felt like posting a video I didn't care about what it was. It wasn't you know, but anyway this mean was really funny on the sub right. I love this this family man, the new HTC reach video, was [ __ ], it's the return of classic h3, it's forced and full of half-baked, jokes and builds up to absolutely nothing. He is alerting people on the Facebook privacy. Scam was maintaining a good balance between information and shed posting. All he did was say Facebook and AIDS 50 times. Can it be both I feel like it can be both I feel, like the truth, is somewhere in the middle I. Don't know what is this from its it's from pawn, or these are the it's called a West. Coast Choppers are the West Coast boys I love that just he's throwing it like a really capture yeah, the feeling of those coins right like exactly exactly anyway guys. We just posted a new video that I'm I'm happy with it. I like it. We're trying to get back into the swing of it. You know, that's two videos, the longer you don't post it gets harder to get back to it right, so we're just trying to break that. That's what it was and there's like a wall seal yeah and that's what that video Ethan's corner was cuz you just okay, you make a video, it's not as good as you want. Maybe it's you don't think it's good at all, but at a certain point you just got to post it and move on you just because then what you don't post it and then you get even more depressed and then you try to make another video game order. I am at the point where I just want to post it and move on, because I feel like I need to be. Creative I need to be just moving forward all the time because lately I've been so depressed and so stuck, and so just like, stuck in the same thoughts in the same head in the same space and I, just I feel like I need to slam through that yeah blast through all that and like not working, slash posting videos. They go together, not doing that gets more depressing you'd. You lose like your purpose. What are we doing here? Alright, what and we've been putting too much well stuff that we've been putting too much emphasis on the podcast? It's just that it's become the only thing, yeah and and and maybe I was almost just overcome, compensating for the fact we're making I don't know, but we need to find a balance, because I was thinking back like to a year-plus ago when we were posting like two or three videos a week, and for me that was it really. It was really cool. It was a good time for me because I was always creating something new I was being creative and I was just expressing myself more authentically than always trying to I. Don't know whatever I've been dude I've been I've got I, I'm gonna, be real, I have a bottle of antidepressants, and next to my bed and I, take it out and I stare at it and I. Think last night I was like having a breakdown. This [ __ ] like there's this Amazon [ __ ], like we had these guys, install tea and there's such buffoons. These guys are such meatheads. They install it so close to the [ __ ] wall. You can't plug anything in now and now it's installed on a mount. So I've got this Amazon stick so I want to watch YouTube or whatever and I'm trying to plug it in and I can feel the socket. Every I have to rip the TV off the wall and jam my hand up back there and I was like almost bleeding my hand and I I could feel the socket and it was just about to go, and but it wouldn't go in. Okay and I was at this. For, like an hour, I was like OCD obsessed, I was losing my mind. I felt like I, was aware of how insane I was acting, but I couldn't stop. It was so [ __, ] close to get in the hole and all the time I know that I'm such a lunatic but I can't stop trying to get and I was like dude. This I'm, so [ __ ] twisted evil is coming in because I'm screaming, like a lunatic and she's like she's like what's wrong with you, I'm like I, don't know she's like that's not normal is like I know dude, but I gotta get the damn stick in the hole. You know it's like this little thing which I became obsessed with it was just manic, so I just stopped eventually and but I've been like she's been I, just felt, like I'm being crazy. Lately I got this bottle of antidepressants. Next to my bed. I'm, like like it's I, think it's time, but then I realized, I, never actually put in the work and taking antidepressants is like it's either the easy way out, or you already tried everything, and so you should take it because there's no reason to suffer but I'm like this is the easy escape because I there's a direct correlation between me being fat and lazy and not taking care of myself and me being depressed and like I'm I'm on an upward trajectory right now and I'm like I, can't take these if I'm not exercising if I'm not eating right, I'm, not treating myself. Well, it's all connected yeah, there's a direct correlation between all that [ __ ], so I don't know. I've been I've been that was a couple days ago, I've been exercising I've been trying to eat better cuz I'm, not you know you got to put in the work yourself to fix yourself before you take well. That would be just a shortcut. Some people need antidepressants, but I don't know if I do, because I haven't actually tried to help myself yet enough to warrant it so I'm, just like I got to do something so I'm trying I'm trying. This is all part of the same thing. I'm trying to trying to exercise I'm, trying to treat myself better, trying to just post videos be more creative. In that way. Man, though dude I'm gonna, get that [ __ ] stick in that hole, I swear to God that stick is going in that hole. Can we take off the TV I tried, dude I was like I was pulling the string. I was like it's a big TV too, and I was always yeah. We can take it off, there's a easy way to do it, but it just seemed it was like it was so sick. It felt like a biblical like metaphor because it was within reach and it was totally doable. You just slide your hand up, and it's just a little awkward and it's like you know what I mean it's like get in the hole. I was literally yelling and I'm. Just like it's doable, that was the hardest part, but I just couldn't get it in I know, there's meaning somewhere in there. I don't know where it is I know it's a yeah yeah well join the club. What else some will lunatic went to YouTube and try to kill everybody there? You know when that news broke, that there was a shooting at YouTube. Here's this [ __ ] want to show you guys this. But let me talk about this. A little bit when I heard there was a shooting active shooter there. The first thought I had was like. Please God, don't let this be some disgruntled loser. Youtuber I was like please, the world is not that we haven't gone, that low, have we and then at first they said it was a girlfriend who shot her boyfriend or whatever and I was like great I was like okay thank God, well, weird that it happened at YouTube yeah, but then it was no is just even started that rumor I have no idea. Is that strange, yeah? Well and besides that I have I know, people who work there, but I have one really close friend, some of them actually care about who works there and I was like I was so worried because there was no anything yeah and you didn't know how bad it was and I texted him, and he didn't. He didn't answer me right away. So I was like I was concerned, and not only that, but you care on the level that you know it's a traumatic event for them. Hmm, and you know that things aren't gonna, be the same now at YouTube and Twitter and Facebook, and all these people do like you know it's almost like it's not the same anymore, because now the seals been broken and all of a sudden someone who's angry at how you treated I was gonna. Come try to murder you, but anyway, this lunatic. She was just thought that YouTube was suppressing her views, but honestly her videos just suck and they're weird, which is the case in most of the time I, have to say if your fellow youtuber listening this and you think that there's a giant conspiracy to to reduce your views, that could be right to an extent but for the most part, if you're not getting abused, it's probably because your videos suck and your fans are tired of your [ __ ]. That's way more likely, that's probably 75% of it, at least, and in her case it's like yeah, there's no conspiracy, your shits, weird I heard. Sometimes that happens. It doesn't even matter right, that's not even sure, even if they did I guess I'm, just addressing her point that it's like people are entitled to be like. Well anyway, it doesn't matter you're right, but my friend who works. There was saying like that that uh she was, she had a handgun and luckily shouldn't have something more dangerous or more deadly with more rounds. But he said there was like a busy lunch area where everyone was eating and she came up and just started shooting people randomly, but she was firing into a glass door lunch. So he was saying if she actually was was trying to trying to hit more people. There could have been a lot. It could have been a lot worse. I don't know. What's going on, the weird thing, too, is the police saw her found her in her car up near YouTube studios, because her dad called the police and was like my daughter or maybe her brother, family member, my daughter or family member- is super angry at YouTube and she's dangerous, really yeah. He said they said I think she's gonna do something, and so the police found her sleeping in her car and they let her go. What, because well the police said she was fine. She wasn't, she didn't seem dangerous, but I don't know it's like it's the same [ __ ] that happened with this recent school shooting. It's like every every sign was like this. Kid is dangerous. He's deranged. Let's keep an eye on him. You know I'm glad that that it wasn't worse, don't say that another thing that really was insane about this whole thing was all the comments everywhere: yeah everyone. She said what happened yeah like Oh YouTube deserved it. That was obvious, I knew it was coming and I was just like, but I saw so many and then upwards do ya. Cuz everybody's got to be edgy little everyone's, so edgy and no one can take anything seriously. It's like the ultimate mean you know, mm-hmm shooting at YouTube me, oh, my god, so much mean potential. I'm gonna make a joke that I'm not supposed to do whatever these edgy kids will grow up, someday um other stuff, there's a lot of other stuff, but Bobby just arrived. So I actually have a lot of more stuff to talk about, but we can talk about it next time, yeah and then just get in with Bobby. So let's do that. Let's do that for pizzas sake. Shall we it's two for two? When do we start how long we've been going to 15 so well, I went by fast, okay, great there's, a couple of the lawsuit. Our lawsuit and talk about this, don't we'll bring Bob in our lawsuit with Matt Haas got published. So it's now officially case law. It was like a big deal, its publishing, a bunch of law journals and there was like 38 different legal precedents with death yeah with defamation and copy wrong. So it's like law students are gonna, be studying that [ __ ], now I thought I learned so much about law yeah. What a what a crazy thing: man and yeah there was something funny about it. Like the lawyer, who actually did all the work I was asking him he's not getting any credit, because he was credited as an associate he's like weird how the whole thing works. Oh there's like a head lawyer but yeah yeah. So so there's a head lawyer that we actually didn't like at all and we're like. Please don't, please don't involve him I, remember what happened, but something weird happened, and then the associate guy who's, like a little tiny foot mark, did everything he was working full-time on this [ __. ]. Writing all these amazing documents. He is incredible lawyer and he's not getting like any credit, so there you go life's a [, __, ] yeah, and this one guy, who did literally nothing, isn't like getting all the credit. The one guy who were like I, don't even want to talk to this guy cuz I, don't trust him! Oh I know you know what this guy did. The guy who's in charge used to do all this [ __ ] like we were spending so much money and we're not Microsoft right. He knows we're just a couple of kids he'll. Do this [ __ ] like when I'm being deposed okay, so the lawyer, who did all the work is they're giving me counsel in the deposition this other guy, without asking my permission or consulting, is listening on the phone, the whole time and never says anything, okay and heat. So so that's eight hours and he charges $650 an hour and he charges us for all eight hours, so that ends up being like 1020 thousand dollars and I'm like bro like what the hell just don't listen, ROM was fine and he does all these little [ __ ] like rack up the bill and doesn't do anything so anyway. Congratulations to our attorneys, god bless ela said. Is it okay to talk about this I? Don't know it's not details of the case, so I think probably okay, it's not like um. It's not like sealed you sure you want to mess with lawyers all right now you scare the [ __ ], okay and then you gotta like type it is. We have a little private discord. He feels like you sure you want to talk about this, and now you make me anxious and now you're calling me out it well. I can't not acknowledge that, because now I'm, anxious on camera, cuz I'm, just gonna, look at it and be like like this, it's too late or you talked about it. It's gonna be like this I'm just gonna do one of these and it's like. Well, no, it's fine all right! So that's it! So, let's bring Bobby Lee in we're. Gonna take a quick commercial break. We will be right right, right, right, right, right back with Bobby Lee, it's gonna be a ton of fun. It's gonna be a total blast. You are not gonna want to miss this. It's gonna be so insane so guys. We will see you in a brief moment. Dan. Take it away. Thank you to stitch fix for sponsoring this episode. You can tell when our guys got style when they don't when they're. Looking this good. Well, looking this good a t-shirt and a hat and unshowered isn't easy: shower I shower last night. Okay, so I'm not completely unsure, but you know what I mean you can tell when a guy's showered that should be the start of their coffee. You can tell when a guy's showered order a shower guys, it's tough to find clothing out there. It's hard enough to go to the mall I, don't even know where to buy clothing, let alone what to buy. That's why stitch fix is so awesome you sign up. They give you a personal stylist, a K, your mom or girlfriend in virtual reality. Who cares about you? Unlike your real mom? Maybe that's just me I, don't know my mom loves me, but this person is gonna. It's their job. To make you look great yeah tell them your sizes. How much you want to spend what your interview, your preferences and then this like this genius designer is gonna. Send you an outfit they're, just gonna, it's gonna transform you. You know you're gonna, be a new guy. Just like Dan out here. Our producer he's got a sweater. He hasn't taken it off. It's disgusting, but apparently he's getting a lot of female attention, since you put that sweater on stitch fix is the new way to shop for clothing, and it's unbelievably simple. So the items get delivered right to your home. You try them on and you only pay for what you keep. It's risk free for crime, it's crime and he's sake. What is crime? How many I've heard that before but I know that mean crime? You say just send everything you don't want back. Shipping is free both ways for criminy sakes. Does it get any better? Try him out today, guys you have got nothing, nothing to lose so get started now at stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3 you'll also get 25% off. When you keep all five items in your box. That's stitch, fix, calm, slash, a story to get started. A stitch fix, calm, slash, h3, go there, get some bomb-ass clothes, this designers gonna hook you up. Thank you to stitch fix. God bless. You appreciate you, you, the best great yeah. Next up we've got Squarespace I love. Squarespace can I tell you why I love Squarespace, yes, they're, gonna change, your life, they're gonna, fulfill every dream and fantasy. You've ever had that's a bit of oversell. They just build. They help you build a website but really cool. But here yeah really sleek website right they've got templates. They've got. How do you call it templates? I guess I've got like a bunch of templates. They make building a beautiful slick website for if you're selling, something if you have a vlog, if you just want to make our e-portfolio our portfolio or maybe you just want to share pictures of your use, your imagination, you sicko, maybe you just want to [ __ ], you know whatever it is. They've got the template and the tools. So even if you're, not a NASA scientist, you can go and make the website of your dreams. That's how powerful and how simple and beautiful it is. I cannot endorse them enough. They give you the templates. They create the beautiful websites all in one platform they allow. You manage your products orders in inventory. They track sales. Give you customer insights and grow your customer base all within their management and analytical tools. They make it easy to learn by providing webinars workshops and 24/7 customer support. Okay, it's incredible and they make it simple to set up and transfer your domain, but you've got no excuse. You guys try squarespace for free for 14 days and receive 10% off your purchase of a website or domain. It's risk free get in there, give it a shot 14 days, free, you're, gonna, love it right head on over squarespace.com, slash h3, god bless. You appreciate you and finally, we have got Bowen branch, ok, Boland branch. They make bed sheets right, Wow. Who cares? No, you didn't realize how comfortable bed sheets can be until you've rolled around in the lavender and fluffy cloud feels that is a bowline branch bed sheet until you roll in the until you roll in the bowl I mean have you ever rolled in the bowl, my doggies. Here's the deal. You think that getting a great night's sleep is up to like Oh, an expensive mattress or an expensive pillow. The sheet plays just as an important role and that's what people don't realize, because it's it's got a breathe. It's got to be soft, not too soft, though, if it's all silk, it's like oh wow. It's just slips right off. You like Teflon I, don't need that, but it's the perfect medium. Okay, everything they make from bedding. The blankets is made from pure 100% organic cotton, which means they start off soft and they get even softer over time. You buy directly from them, so you're, essentially paying wholesale prices. Luxury sheets can cost up to a thousand dollars and frankly, you'd have to be psychotic to pay that I don't know who pays a thousand dollars I'm just gonna say that flat out. But if you go to Bowen branch, there are only a couple hundred bucks. So that's like a massive discount. Everyone who tries Bowen branch loves them. That's just that's just a fact of life: that's why they have thousands of five-star reviews. Forbes of Wall, Street, Journal and Fast. Company are all talking about Bowen branch. I just walked into the day. I was like. Oh, my god. Have you heard of Bowland branch. I was like [ __, ] dude. Who are you? Why are you talking to me three u.s. presidents sleep on Boland branch. Apparently we haven't fact checked that taking their word for it, shipping is free and you can try them for 30 nights. That's an insane offer, try it for 30 nights. It's that simple. If you don't like it, if it's not worth it, send it back, that's awesome! If you don't lend them send them back for free for a refund I doubt you're gonna want to send them back, because there's no risk and there's no reason not to give it a try. So get started right now. My listeners get $50 off your first set of sheets at bowl and branch. Comm use the promo code, h3 go to bowl and branch comm today for $50 off your first set of sheets: that's bol: el and branch com, promo code, h3, bowl and branch com, promo code Ashley. Thank you so much to our sponsors and now, let's watch and talk with your boy, Bobby Lee, hey! Welcome back everybody here with the funny great wonderful, Bobby Lee. Oh my god! Thank you so much for saying that. Oh thank you for being here. It's really cool to have you here. I was kind of looking forward to it, because people on the Internet's yeah is that how you say it you could say yeah and they were like you weren't. Are you gonna? Do it and then I for, like weeks and now I'm here, I can't believe it? That's really I can swear [ __, ] yeah, oh yeah yeah, it's so good. Why you can't swear on your podcast? No I can, but it's like some places. I go and they're like you, can't swear or talk about like your penis or and things like that and I'm. Talking about your penis Oh talk about your feet. I encourage you to talk about your feet. My feet, I want to get my left foot. My left foot is a disaster zone. What happened because um well I, don't wash it and then also what do you shower or bathe and people, but pick your feet out? No, no. What happened was years ago, I started going to the Korean spa and then my feet started getting Ichi's and then all of a sudden I went to the hospital and they said um that I have like stage 9 gangrene on my left foot. What like put foot fungi. Are you serious nah? Don't it's not like operable you cut it off? No, no! It's not at that level. No! It's not like Vietnam War, like you know, level, and so so what I saw your feet, you're wearing sandals in it? They look like the bottom of our disaster. Can I see no? No, no! Maybe afterwards, you won't show I've, never shown anybody. I mean you're wearing open, sandals the whole anyone walking behind you can see it no I know, but they need to breathe. That's why, like I, go to New York like during, like snowstorm yeah I, don't wear sandals people like what [ __ ], you don't happens. If you wear shoes and socks it gets worse on in the itchiness gets worse and then they give me an ointment and I refuse to put it on. Why? Because well, I put on my right foot, but my left foot I, like a ditch a why I like scratching it. So you are intentionally a promoting gangrene on your face that gangrene. It's like the foot, fungi, so you're, promoting [, __, ] fungi for the joy of itching it yeah I just might end them. My girlfriend, like 4:00 in the morning. This is what she hears. That's pretty twisted yeah, yeah, I gotta, admit yeah, it's pretty twisted yeah. Why? If the relief, though, doesn't cause belief, it's like good I, I'm I'm more along the line of Bobby in that like if I have a bite, I'll H it off yeah, then I'm done I like it when it bleeds a little bit. I, don't necessarily go after the blood, but you don't. You know, I'm a blood guy for sure. All day, every day you were you're a sick man and I like it, then it dries and then that the scab happens, and sometimes it depends on how I feel I sometimes it'll eat it. I believe you have you ever used to get your own scab. Why do you eat it? I feel I have to say [Laughter] about about the experience of eating your own. It's like home jerky, oh my god, like Madden man made jerky that you're making on your body. Would you ever eat another person's? No, no! No I can only add my own booger as my own scabs and stuff like you. What what's the matter? Do you eat? Would you you eat your own? Boogers, so do this I have tried well not every day, not every day, but I've got a couple times a year. I've done it, here's the thing. So what okay? So let me follow that cuz. Is it just like when you have a nice fat juicy satisfying burger that you pop it in like a tic-tac, no I mean you know what I do. What other humans do is that you know you pick your nose and then you roll into a ball I. Do that there we go right, I, don't that's the truth put in your mouth and let me just say this right now: I'm in my 40s, so um you know I'm an adult, so I don't do it every day! I! Don't do it even once a month, but a couple times a year right, I'll, roll, a nice ball! I'll! Look at it! There's if there's different colors in it like a little blood, a little bit of like a darker or like grayish thing, and if it's like juicy and hard at the same time, sometimes I pop it in. If it just looks because, let me say this right now, my friend, how is that disgusting, it came from inside me yeah, but so yeah, just put it back inside some things that come from your body aren't meant to go back in like [ __ ] its excrement, it's waste! Oh that's, true! I! Don't do [, __, ] and piss. That's right! That's a good point! Maybe maybe we need to yeah, but can I just say this kind of make it it, but there's also a taste to it. That's a little satisfying right, I'm, a salt man, so I know that people eat boogers, yeah I, just I'm not saying this to like hide my shame. Yeah never eaten a booger. You've, never eaten a booger. I know everything like kids. Do it, but yeah have you ever smelled your own calm? Well, I haven't like I. Am not that way. Yeah me too, is like it. When you come in on that dry when come dries, it has a smell. Well, I've! Never dried come! When do we feel like you have like a little farm. I do I come from in your bathroom, sometimes if you're at home by yourself and you're feeling pretty - pretty couple lonely yeah it's and then all the sudden there's like a whole pile of comrades, oh yeah, bad, there's a smell yeah. What is a smell like I'll, tell you what it smells, I'm able to be exposed to chlorine yeah. Does it not smell like chlorine? It does have a smoke Lauren yeah! We almost wanted. We open wrong, know this yeah yeah we open, although we're not well what I want to go back. No. This is a perfect opening of this. Is that I see you're, vaping and I know you're a vapor yeah. We have a vape that is somewhat ceremonial here at our show sure, and we wanted to know if you would try hitting our babe I would I'll do whatever you want me to do. Bring it in yeah. Yeah. Show me your feet: you'll be the person my girlfriend you'll be the first one to see it on camera. Yeah I, don't want to show it to the camera, though you can look at it. What what is this? Oh my God look at this is no joke, I'm sober, so it can't be marijuana though yeah I don't want to I, don't want to relapse on your show. It's not even tobacco. It's just vapor! This is so here's the button here. Yeah you just push and suck what kind of flavor is it it's a unicorn? Don't I love Donuts, so here's I don't want to mmm. So you have to push the button when you okay, so if you want to rip it fat as possible, it's not a competition, but people are competing. I don't have when you rip up that when you cough the smoke disappears. I don't want to do it again. You absorbed all that. Thank you, man. It's a hundred-fifty battery mod, but did you get it for free or did you on paper? We we've paid a lot of money for that. Oh, my god, we paid dearly. We had a sacrifice to intern. He wasn't that good. Did you - me - entender? How did you guys mean man? You know what I it's funny. I I feel so bad a way for people who are like on tinder. It seems rough. We met pre tinder, all pre tender. That's great I met my girlfriend on tinder. Really, love exists on tinder, yeah I know a lot of relationships that start on tinder I mean that's just how people date these days yeah it's like. How do you meet people anyway? I know if I was single now I wouldn't know how to meet yeah. But you know what tinder is great, because you'd run into people yeah a lot of it's like you know, hit and runs. You know just tap it, and then you go right. Some people use tinder for that aspect. I used it for love and it worked I, I swiped right on kalila. It was my third day and matter three days in well. I did my third yeah. My third date I had already got out with two other people she's, my third one and then yeah and then I've been with her since Wow. That's five years is the best endorsement of tinder. Ever a cool yeah I mean you can tap and run I. Did that for the first two right yeah, but you feel guilty about that I like tapping a running well, do you not think that they wanted to tap and run? Maybe no because I'm, never a one-night stand I'm like if, if I get, if I girls want to have sexual sexualities with me, can I say it that way: it's got to be a little girl, but sorry, but it's got to be long-term. I've never been like I had a friend named Callisto and we would go to a bar and girls would look at him and go yeah. I'll [ __ ], that for one night right, but they would look at me as like I only [ __ ], that that's a relationship right right anyway, I have to I have to be in a relationship for me to get any kind of sexualities interesting yeah. What do you mean? What I don't know? Just listen. You know, I relate because a guy that looks like me. We I think we have similar yeah because because, like I'm not I'm, not like King dong I'm, not a Jack I'm, not handsome. Thank you for the endorsement and I feel the same way about you as well. We can just write abrogate. We look like somebody drew us, but yeah yeah you're like we're like not real human, but like Tim Burton. What I'm gonna experiment, alright, yeah yep? What so I saw you a question? We met in Israel on birthright. What do you know what that is what it's like? It's it's a weird thing where it's it's it's a bunch of rich Zionist, send young Jews to Israel for free or free trip, and the hope that, like they are and they're gonna learn about is birthing in you, a joy for the Jewish motherland right, I move there. It worked, but I took her back, so it failed. No, you took her from there yeah I'm gonna move together back that back together, yeah I lived there for five years. It was a long process of going back and forth. Oh wow I live there. Five years we got married and then we got a green card and said smell you later. Are you Jewish? Yes, can you not tell tell really yeah Eva doesn't really have a Jewish thing: cuz she's she's, a she's. She look Jewish! No, she looks uh. No, you look artistic though that's no. You look like somebody that was like an artist from the 40s, not that you know into the age I'm not saying that you look old, no I, think there's a photo of you like these are Spanish art oil painters from the 40s Maya and your face was in there I'd be like yeah I. Believe that's special. What do I look like you look like that. Be real and IIIi need any harsh criticisms. Well, the way you're dressed now. I wouldn't be surprised to see you toss in some. You know beef and broccoli yeah, but tossing, oh because you've got like a chef thing and you've got a beanie on yeah, Wow, good, nice hair. Now, now that everything now is different, thank you. You look like you could be dropping some bomb-ass -, it's for a marketing company. Thank you! So much so I look yeah yeah! Thank you that hair could get you by and you know what kind of race I am or at your Korean how'd. You know, I read cheerfully Korean for sure yeah. You know what do you? What about me? Did you write? Em I know right. Well, that's not really, but like what country am I from you're from America yeah yeah? Everything about you is America yeah, but I was I was coming. You know what you do now. If I look at your arms, you are Jewish. What does that mean? What did you recognize? Well, it's just say: uh III gotta, like I gotta, say this and I uh, I gotta. Think about what I'm saying here. Just say it just be blunt: no I, don't wanna be bothered I want you don't want to be blunt. No because I have friends, yeah, okay, that our writers, like my friend, David King, you know David King, he's a great writer, I love! You were wrote for love. Okay, you guys have the same arms and hands right. Okay and I I, don't even meet I. Don't even know what that means you just they just look similar, and so that's all I'm gonna yeah, that's all I'm gonna say but I get the sense that you're trying to get at something. No, you just have a Jewish man's body. Okay, that's my do you know, I call them and go get like skinny arms, because oh yeah ya know I've, always that I've always known that I'm, both fat and skinny. At the same time, that's all I say that's fine and I'm not trying to make fun of you, but you you have like a very like you have like, and you have a similar body. I've seen you shirtless bless you and you know, or thank you you've like got the whole thing like real. You know. I did this to my own body. Well, I did yeah well you over. Are you implying that I'm just somehow doomed to these pudgy folds, these doughy, this doughy prison, so I used to be fit? I played water polo yeah in high school yeah, I was tanned, I had curly hair and girls wanted to suck my dick believe it not that I ever losing you of laughing unfuckable I wasn't [ __ ] for about a year yeah my life, were you ever [, __, ] I, don't think I ever was because the thing is is that I grew up I'm older than I am so in the what I'm older than people think I am. How old are you? Well guess? I would guess that you're about 40 when you said all right forty-seven! That's why great? Really? God bless you? Really, god bless you I, look great on you, don't have any grip or anything I guess before you said 37 I honestly would have guessed. I would I just say something: I, love, Israel and I was gonna, guess lower, but I knew I guess on the high side. Wow look at that look. Your face is deceiving, but with the whole situation, I would say: 38 it's a rough life though, but in a way in a way I like because it's like I still have life ahead of me. Alright, oh my god. It's you yeah, but like on average yeah, yeah yeah. Let's say it's! What it is is the the sprinkly white yeah. It doesn't help that don't help. He had it since I. When we met it was 21 and he already had the white hair. He did yeah. Yes, so that's you know my life, but also it's kind of [ __ ]. If I wasn't a pudgy, dobar I, just imagine a world where I'm George Clooney. That's it. No just imagine that world for a second yeah and I know I'm a guest on your podcast right, but there's no [, __ ] way. Maybe George Clooney there you're not in the same category I think that I just luckily you're not ugly but you're, not George, Clooney I. Just did imagine a world I. Try on fat show him fat. You know that is he's the guy from Crouching Tiger and Dragon. That's right! There we go you're like you're, the guy who got this [ __ ], the shirtkin in the forehead man, no you're, not Shelly, I'm fat. Thank you, you're Clooney I'm. You know what I'm not offended, but yeah ii-I've never have been deluded about like go back. What you said like you, I'm, not the kind of guy. The girls are just like. Oh I want to [ __ ] that guy yeah I'm either, and that's what you mean you have to you have to woo them. You have to romance them. You have to be like hey, you know, there's other things. I can cook right, but could I just say this I can a great point where you're making yeah okay, because if I was from the gate, a guy that women wanted to have sex with I wouldn't have developed. That portion of my personality to drive me into what to drive me into where I went, yeah I agree, do I, understand and I agree. I used humor as a defense mechanism, exact because I was picked on and whatnot yeah and and because I didn't get girls in high school and whatnot. That it drove me into like I gotta try to get laid so I need extras. It's like Wolverine, he needs the claws. Well, it's true and and developing a sense of humor is something that can be attractive that you develop in lieu of being a disgusting monster. Yeah like I'm, basically notes true Dom right, hunchback, yeah yeah, you know yeah not yet, but you know I remember the first time I had a crush on a girl, it must have been I literally kindergarten and I was being foolish and she giggled and I. Remember the first time I made a girl, laugh and I was like I, never forgot it. I was like [ __ ] like there's something to this [ __ ] yeah. You know what happened to me, who fee business when I was graduate from high school I was a virgin right me too, by the way. So, thank you don't be too worried about it. I'm not worried about it at all. I'm kidding! Okay, hey, don't don't stress I'm, not a lot of people graduate high school, a virgin right and but I didn't really even get laid until I was 23 mmm, but I had I had I did some I paid for some yeah, but that's fine I, don't feel bad about it. It's fine! Yeah! God bless you. God bless you, but at 23 I started doing stand-up and what happened was I. Imagine this and went up on stage. One night: it was a Saturday night, I hosted the show at The Comedy Store in La Jolla, and there was a girl in the front row. Blonde girl, hmm and I said to her. She looks sad because the night Chris Princess Diana died mm-hmm and she was sad. I go, don't be sad about it. Right I said that to her and that night she called the club and said: hey where's, that little Asian guy and then I got on the phone and she goes he want to hang out and then three days later she lived with her mom and I was sixty-nining with her and her mom was that your first sex act yeah. That's right into the race, yeah white white girl, a blonde and I couldn't believe it. So there's our ass cheeks, like hey like this and I, was going. Thank you God, and so that was your impactful and that's when I know I got to keep doing this comedy when you were face deep in vagina. You realize yeah yeah and it changed my life and then I've been like yeah and I just kept pursuing it. Would you say you got in the car me for the explicit reason of of girls, because I've heard other people say that I? Wouldn't that's just say that's true for me, but I know it's true for a lot I, don't do it for the people right, I, don't give a I mean I'm I'm, happy that people come out to see me, but we sorry we have this [ __ ] lunatic, who shut up YouTube on the screen. Let me get her out: yeah yeah yeah, that's better! That feels better. Just a lunatic lunched lurched over us who was that person? It's the girl. You've probably heard that there was a shooter at headquarters yeah. That was her. Why did she do it well clear? Well, the reason is that she thought YouTube was suppressing her channel, but obviously the real reason is that she was terrain. Crazy, yeah, there's a lot of crazies, even in comedy like in the open mic level. You can just weed them, you can see them. Yeah people are just delusional. Well, it's battle of the I mean it really is battle of the fittest. Right there are the open, mics, oh yeah! Well, you know what it is is that it opened mics. You have people, kids that have the actual talent right, but they're. So mixed in with the crazies that it's a difficult, difficult life to lead. You know you have to somehow you got to somehow get through it for years, and it's really it's really just depressing really I mean yeah. That's what I've heard from I never went through. The I mean coming up on YouTube is a whole different yeah. What's a better, it's a better! It's a better situation for for kids. Now I mean you imagine in the 90s, when I started, there was no YouTube. There was no Twitter and you had to just do stand-up with a bunch of homeless people and like crazy, is, like you see it like a transsexual [, __ ] can I, say major, you could say major yeah and they're alive same show. You are and they're like. What's that man had we're gonna make it and you're like we're, gonna make it because I'm here do you remember any the worst like the worst [ __ ]? You saw on stage and those early days. What was some of the worst axes? Oh my god, I mean you would see a guy like you know, come on, walk on stage and you know they're like. Oh, this is fine and then you look down their penises out. What that's a great! That's a that's! A tough act! If it's a tough act, phone yeah, yeah penis is hard. My I couldn't do that with mine, because mine is um. Your dick is gray. Why I don't like it's? Not the skin Cottone of your face? No, it's! No! No! No! No! No! It used to be purple. You should be dark. You know in MADtv when I was on that TV. They used to call me black sack black, because my sacks were so dark like a pirate name. Thank you, but everyone on the cast had seen your sack enough to nickname it yeah and that's not good, like Jordan Peele. All these guys would call me black sack good morning black sack high, but so your sack is dark, but as I got older in my 40s my penis looks like a sick alien. Do you ever see the movie et yeah Rudy was sick in the river. Oh right, he was in the road array yeah. So if I pull it out like flowers will die blows, gone yeah, that's that's tough I said huh, but you know what my girlfriend still likes it. That's the most. That's that's. I'm went on it's nice yeah to her it's more like the glowing finger. The way yeah yeah, there's barely a glow, but you like your penis. So when I was younger, when I was like a young man, yeah yeah, I I thought I was like I was proud of it. There was a there was a moment: I walk around use, can I call you a Jew. You can call me dude yeah, every Jew Jewish person that when I've seen their penis deep in girthy. Thank you yeah. Well, I thought you were accusing me of having a small dick. Oh that's what you're getting no I wasn't. No I wasn't because I've seen Pauly Shores so many times, and it's like you know: Oh Polly shores strapped. Oh, my god, I'd like a ride at Magic, Mountain loop to it right. It's like it does like a it. Does like I like this because of years of just using it in a terrible way. You know I, don't have any loops or it's fine that but every Jude that I've seen their penis. It's been amazing and also every girl that I've talked to that that have pen it would you they say that they really are good in the sack. Oh that's nice. I know I. Just looked at your wife and you winked that when a wife was sorry for me that felt weird yeah cover up. There was a point when I was real, proud of my of my penis, but as I've gotten older and fatter, and my balls are droopier like you get bigger, so your dick looks smaller getting fatter, that's interested in I'm, getting work I'm in worse shape recently and and when I was a kid I. Remember thinking like the day that my balls droop lower than my dick yes, the day that I'm old and I have to tell you my it's been a long time since I. Remember my dick drooping lower than my balls yeah when it's when it's like in its sleeping State yeah. My balls look like it's just Asian food. It's like kind of food are gonna dumplings. Oh, don't blink! Yes right! There yeah like fried dark, you know, and they just they've always. Is that a thing is that a Asian thing where the balls are dark, because, while your balls so dark yeah, but because, like no there's different colors going on I, don't know, I'm gonna beat ya up a little [ __ ] the feel on it. Yeah I put like a little tin, foil things underneath no I think that I don't know why. But I think that if you look at the people can get mad when I say it. What I'm about to say but I, think if you look at asian porn, for instance, Japanese porn right, you know you did the the vaginal color of Asian. Women are darker purple, mm-hmm I know if you noticed that, but I'm sure that's it then yeah, it's it's life, yeah, I'm slice, yeah, yeah, so you're saying so: Asians have a little de genital dark, color, it'll live and that doesn't make. Though it's not your fault, Nasir gonna fault. Yeah! You did it's not like I'm, not gonna blame you for that. Don't blame me for something: yeah I'm, proud of my daughter, sac, good, yeah, yeah special, it's extra wrinkly too, is yours. Wrinkly man, it's like a tangerine dude. It's like one of those tangerines that like is specially made so that you can be like whenever a girl sees myself really wrinkly I go it's because they're wise I say no an easy peel. Oh it's an easy peel! Yeah easy peel, yeah I got I want to ask you. You are notorious I've seen you on these new shows morning shows, and you get real touchy-feely with the I, can't do that. That's what I was gonna ask you do that now, because shits change well I mean I, can't do a lot of things that I used to do, and I and I I've been touchy-feely with like news anchors, but just guys and girls. It's not just girls and I, don't touch there. I just kind of like either kissed her or I'll touch their knees, but just in the joking way. But you can't do that anymore. So, I'm very like aware of a lot of things, I can't even squeeze another comedians ass, like a man like Chris D'elia, the other night. You know he is! No! You don't know Chris D'elia. If you pulled up a picture. Yeah yeah he's hot I'm, bad with names, yeah and I um I squeezed his bun he's like I'm. Okay, with that he looked at me because I'm, okay with it, but don't do that to other people. That's like an intervention that kind of thinks I kind of feel, like that's him, saying: I'm, not okay, with this he's, okay with it. Yes, yeah he's looking out for you, that's what he was looking yeah. He was looking out for me and because I'm on a new arm, ABC like family showed that, like um I've really been like, you gotta, be aware. Yeah of it, I read somewhere that you had signed some kind of contract with ABC that you had to tone down your behavior across them. It wasn't that no no I just been told by my agents that, like you just tone it down yeah and how was that been for you? It's really hard yeah, because everything that I do is and there's no bad intentions. It's I, don't do anything sexually like I, don't you know nothing to do with sex you're, making people uncomfortable as well as controlling situations, but that's control. People in that way. You know feel disappointed. It's not that it's just like I, like you know, being naked and stuff right and um, but I'm willing to play. Get ball. Play ball so I've been playing ball and everything's. Fine good huh is that while you're compromising is it been worth it well, I mean at the end of the day, I'm in a dilemma really because here's the dilemma when I you know I was on MADtv for so long and it was a sketch show and I was back in the day when you could be free and after MADtv I was sort of I. Couldn't work really I just didn't really find that I was a hot commodity, so I did the road and I did internet stuff and I did a podcast and I did stuff to rebuild. You know my fan base and I've been I've been very comfortable in that world. You know, I love, doing things, there's no rules, yeah, I, love being with you too right now. I feel a kinship and a bond, but we're fellowshiping. Thank you. We are definitely fellow definitely fellowshipping yeah. No, but but then it's like I look at my friends that do sitcoms and they do more corporate entertainment, audition yeah and they make so much money right. And so you know. Oh, you know you're on the internet internet for a long time, and you look at that. You know the glossy like the billboard and like people, you know smiling. You know going eh we're making money. Oh I want that yeah, but then not when you're on it. It's a little weird but I'm willing to play ball. Try it out I'm, trying it out. I've done it before I was on a show called animal practice. It got news about animals and stuff, but um it got cancelled right away, but this one it looks like it could be on for a little bit so give it a shot. I'm getting walks. I, there's nothing! I can do I have to do it. Yeah. You know. I need to I need to get out of my apartment mm-hmm, because I have three dogs, two dogs and three cats. What do you mean have to get out of your apartment? You're saying it's like a financial thing like no I just have so many animals when I bought my condo you're talking about literally you just need and I wanna. Be there? No, no! No! No! What I need to do is I need to buy a house yard right right right because I don't know. If you know this, you have how many dogs do. We have one one I Neil. Oh, you live in a house. Yes yeah. We live in a condo, but its third three levels up so every four hours at the crown yeah and it's why we waited so long to get a dog, because before we lived in apartments our whole life yeah. So we never got a dog because we I knew it wouldn't be like that right. But a dog is life changes, oh my god. It makes the life so much better yeah, it's kind of blowing my mind yeah, it's so shredder, the little guy. You know: I love sons under the table, so it's he was first time. I had I had dogs, my pet and so, and and it's my first dog since I- was a kid which doesn't really count. I didn't give a [ __ ], because I was just a [ __ ] kid, but it's like a magical beautiful. It really is life-changing. It is such a sweet. Innocent lucky just loves he's just so sweet like I'll tell you I'll, give you an example. Now he's he's just got potty-trained he's good, so we had him in a cage for a long time and now he's out and free, and we have like a tiny little stairs. So he can come up on our bed as he as he wants to, and every night he'll climb up on the stairs and he'll like settle next, you on the bed, he'll crawl up right up and like nestled on your neck, and just and it's like the sweetest [ __ ] I have pictures when you were sleeping last night, I, don't give a [ __ ] about the dead air. That's gonna like this is more important, but I want to say talk about my two dogs. Oh look at that. Why do you sleep like that? Like what I mean you have all the blankets over your face? You can't like you, don't that's how I comfortable all you do: yeah, oh wow, and if I can be yeah, it can be summer and I'm like super hot, but I have to have the blanket like all over my she takes all the [ __ ] blanket and oh I know it's a meme and it's like everyone jokes. So we used to have a queen-size bed and like so I was like. Of course she takes all the blanket there's nothing. So we got an extra large super massive king-sized, oversized blanket yeah, there's enough blanket for 20 people and somehow I still have no blanket yeah. My girlfriend things. The blanket is a tortilla and she's like I'm, a burrito yeah. You like wrapper way right and then you're like you know, it's brutal I know it's a jet happens, though cuz I'm, just sleeping. Sometimes you control it. Oh no! You know, you know what you're doing and sometimes it trips me up because sometimes all dare to take a little more blanket. I'll dare and then I'm like you have enough in you're, like yeah I've funny sounds like you had all that spare blanket all this time when you guys fall asleep cuddling or no, no, no chance. I I can't no I, who can even a even if fingers touching me I can't sleep I, agree: I'm, not like a you. You just cannot I, don't believe that anyone can fall asleep. Cuddling, I, don't think all day, oh yeah people yeah they may be in love each other one of the same yeah I, don't like sleep. That way, maybe feel like a week. Yeah after you've been together for more than a week, if you're still cuddling that wrist, it's not gonna. Last I give it I give it come on yeah, but Mike. You don't I say this. Is that and I feel guilty about this, but I love my dogs, more than I love, my cousins, but they're cousins, no I'm, like my cousin, my cousins died. It would be devastating but still I'll still be able to play like Xbox play like you know, Arkwright's five all right sound that crazy. It doesn't right. My dog died Oh out for a year, yeah yeah cuz, it's yeah, it would be I would like maybe even I would Eve. Would you do that? What taxidermy no I feel like? That's it when an animal dies, you you put stuff in it and it's still there I feel like it's like it would make more ever get over it right, like you're, always dredging up the memory of your of your you have huh what what? What do you mean? You have a taxidermy of a former pet. No way do you do it mmm? No, what I would do is clone happen, Barbra Streisand. What do you think about that story? How clone, but it's not really the same dog. It is close enough for me. It's close enough. Is it satisfying I want to look alike right there, but it's not your I know it's not, but it's like you know it's. It looks like it start over, get a new guy. There's love! There's love after love love after life yeah, but would it not have certain traits, though similar and might well what she said is that they have got three right yeah. She said they have different personalities. Uh you got I would say like we need to talk through her to find out yeah we get like if either one of you passed away. Would you clone the other person? That's more weird. No I would more also -. You can't do that. But oh it's not really an option. I think they can do it I think they can do what they can. If you can do goats and they can they just don't. How do you think? Morally, it's wrong. It's illegal and I do so. Let me ask you this: why is it is it because, because you're not because you're, basically dooming this person to a the we're single strangest, most unusual, unnatural life ever and also you don't have to tell them who can make that decision? What are you that person? What just go just look at your you know like a koala died and I cloned, her right, she's, a baby and then right. It's your daughter, my daughter and you're. Getting married I know, but I would never tell her. I got you're. Actually, like my ex-girlfriend, you know my girlfriend. Why, wouldn't you say, where's mommy I go. She died, mommy I, look exactly like mommy! Well, that's called genetic and why she said I, don't look like you at all: I, don't even look Asian, that's true! Maybe you're, right, I, think I. Think it's more of a problem, because I think religious people would freak out because it ends the idea of God. You know right the idea of like there's a god. You can't really back that up when we can create our own humans, also the family of that person. What would they think right right but I mean but like all all moral issues, aside yeah, but it's fascinating. It is fascinating and you can clone an animal, but you can't get in their head, like you, could talk to a person and understand yeah. What's good, if you quit to Natalie Portman, right and snuck up behind her right and then I snip, some hairs right right and then made 15 Natalie Portman's without her consent right and you get some sort of sex farm, sure that'd be weird that'd, be fine. Yeah I, think that would be morally wrong right, but I think that if you know maybe right I, don't know I mean it's. It I wonder if it's inevitable it isn't ever because it's if it's possible it's inevitable. Not only that right, black market will do it when the black market can do, and they can do it and also real, singular. Oh dude you're right people are gonna, be buying sex slave Natalie Portman right like one creepy paparazzi is gonna snip a little hair yeah. That's all you need yeah, god, that's twisted! That's inevitable wrong and it's inevitable. You can't wait. I told you I would never do that. I have a really good foundation. How much would it cost for a sex slave Natalie Portman on the black market million bucks, a half a million not familiar? Maybe a million yeah, maybe even after a couple years, the price goes downs and you can get her in Walmart yeah. But you know if you got one you feel so guilty that you'd be like well, you have to be kind of a sociopath to buy it now. I would put it through acting class. All right Jenelle. You want her to be the real deal, yeah and then like now. This is the new one right. Here's professional - right right, [, __, ], I, know it's weird, but singularity is gonna happen. You know that I'm all about, let me say, might could I see something you learned, and this is the first time we've ever met and I. Don't have a problem with you I like you a lot, but in fact okay, but what you just said. There is a little wrong because I'll tell you why? Okay, if singularity happens, inevitably there's gonna be a war between man and machine. So what side are you on my friend right boom? Yeah? That's a toughy because once well yeah, when machines go hey, we were created by man, we're smarter and we could rule the world, so I think Elon. Musk I was just listening to him talking about, incidentally, because he is an alarmist about it. He thinks that we need to be scared about it. Oh yeah I think they do. I do too actually and there's a lot of there's a lot of scientists who, oh I, think you misunderstood. What I said: I mean what I meant is by I'm all about it. Is that I'm interested in it? Oh I, see what I mean. I am look. The thing is, there's so much potential, so the singularity when you hit that moment of AI so wanting to people what it is. First doctor the singularity we've talked about a lot, but the singularity is when super intelligence becomes self-aware, yeah right and then in that moment it's like what is well what what happens. You know where's Warren West as well, so there's a there's, our matrix, even right sure that that's like the ultimate dystopian vision of it, but the reason we're inventing super intelligence. First of all is incredible because you can invent the super, intelligent being or intellect not a being and say cure cancer, and it's gonna crunch, all the numbers. It's gonna think about it like no human ever could and in a week potentially depending on how intelligent it is, it can solve every [, __, ] cancer, every disease yeah, and that's what's so incredible about it. The thing that they're doing is they're building prisons for it they're trying to build it in a way with rules and exceptions in prisons that it can't break out that this is part of the debate. That's going on, it's like can it break out is a novel that it's gonna break out. What happens when it breaks give within an anarchist would break into that president right figure. It out. You know and connect it to the world, and at that point it's gonna be it's possible that it already has, and it's already pulling the strings right. Elon Musk could be just an agent of the super intelligence like it could already be happening. If super intelligence was on the loose, maybe it wouldn't even reveal itself. This master plan is already in the works. All the strings are being pulled right now, dude billions of people. Nobody can crunch numbers on that scale except super intelligence, and it's all this [ __ ], going on the world with Trump, Syria and Russia. It's all the super, intelligent being wiping the way ready to start anew right. He's poor, he's crunching the numbers I'm telling you dude. It could have already happened. Luck thanks. Man I'll see you out there and doomsday, but that's the truth right. It could already be plugged into the internet. Maybe I hate talkin invited because it makes me feel so helpless like if like I are, my personal brain would be so far behind whatever is going, what everyone's will be? I, don't even know, I can't even read. You know, you know, you know the clock with the little hands read that I have no idea what time it is right. I feel like if there's no digit all right, but what time is out of it? It's this right right, I, don't know! So imagine that right, I'm definitely gonna be just a pod gun I'll be in a pod, yeah right. It's just you know. I'm me pop juice on me, yeah any mistake and make sure to see that bad I don't know why they were so complaining about it right like there's that one scene in matrix where he's like the steak is dank. Why would I want to go back there and it's like that's that's kind of right and especially I thought about if I was like neo and I could manipulate things, I'd stay in that world, I guess I call it I, just [ __ ] like crazy all day, yeah that matrix 5 yeah, it's a weird one yeah. If we were in them like. Let me say this: let's say: we've realized we were in a matrix. Would you let him sex have sex with other people? Well, what's the difference? We're still, our motions are still real right. Oh that's true I mean the love is real yeah. The love is real. My bad! Nobody loves me. No! No! No, but would you know I thought you, you know so. Elon Musk put it eloquently by the way, just to sum up this whole thing I like the way he says it. He says it's not that the robots hate us it's not that they are gonna, go out of their way to destroy us but more like how we consider an anthill when we're building a road. We don't hate ants, but we have no problem clearing them out. So we can build a road and that's that's how much that's the scariest thing ever my wife and I and they're so like a super intelligent being Oh far above anything, we can understand yeah, that's kind of how they see us right and now you know what we should learn from that and not destroy n Hills right. We should go around it. Yeah, let's send a message: yes, spare us Wow, that's [, __ ], crazy yeah. It really is it's it's it's real interesting because it's could as a potential be the greatest thing. That's the best invention ever yeah and also the doom of humanity. Yeah yeah I mean I'm all into like nanobots like going inside us and, like you know, clearing out sickle-cell anemia. If I have it do I, do you think I haven't? Isn't that I mean I? Don't it's a like black people? Have it right? You want it yeah what they say: I want to be the friend I, get it so sickle-cell anemia, it's a weirdest and then ever they go it's only black I go not me, and so it's a weird thing. The only black people get oh yeah. It makes you. So it's a weird strange thing. It makes you immune to malaria, but it also gives you all kinds of other words yeah. What is it do to you? I, don't know. I just know that only yeah I know that African Americans get it. So you are a bug chaser. What yeah? You know, what that is no bug chasing it just comes up way too often. Bug chasing is somebody who wants to be infected with the disease specifically HIV. Why would anybody want that yeah? I? Guess? The theory is that they want to feel it's a it's kind of a gay thing, and so they want to feel connected with, like more connected with the community. I think it's like Asians wanting a little dick, so you can connect with the other. Exactly you understand, yeah, exactly it's not little. It's black! Incidentally, early now black. Can you here's another two? Could I defend the Asian dick thing, though real quick yeah? Just any, because you know you guys: gotta have a lot of listeners. I want to educate people yeah. Let us know it's not that we have small penises, okay, it's it's! Your dick is the same size as your body or proportion of your body sure. So if you look at someone like Yao Ming, it's not like his dick is like a [ __ ] yeah I mean he's, got like a regular-sized dick for his side, which is like, except this yellow little like God. You know, I mean it's just you know stereotype. You know whatever, but I think that, because I'm small I'm gonna have I'm not gonna, have a monster dick on this body right. That's all that makes sense. Thank you so you're saying that generally people think the Asians have small dicks because Jackie that's a little. That's that's a dumb stereotype, because let me see it Tokyo Drift explain come on what do you say about Jews Oh? What done they say about Jews? What are the stereotypes that you know about you? Let's answer those I feel bad because I don't agree without give it up. I want to hear anyway. Yes, a mom that you guys are armed with money, great cheap ingredient with money, I'll say of some Jews I know that's true, but I mean, but that's also true, but yeah I don't know equally the same amount of people who are greedy, there aren't Jewish and they always say Koreans or the Jews of the Orient. Never heard of that I saw what it is. No insult right thing is because why we're hardworking and we're smart and we can like we know about finance, I've heard it and I honestly didn't know what it meant yeah, it's. Surely? Yes, surely it is meant for but I don't look, I've, never even looked at it and I'm like yeah. We're like two because look: look: okay, I want to defend Korea for a second, because people talk about like North, Korea or Kim, Jong, moon and I'm, tired of when why people walk out and go hey? Are you North or South Koreans? It's so [, __, ], stupid safley is a beautiful place. Yeah South Korea is like incredible. Beautiful place. Also, look at we're. Half a peninsula and I want to defend curry a little bit yeah. What that little, we only. We don't even have the full country we have half of the peninsula and we have Samsung Hyundai huge corporations for little half a peninsula. We're doing pretty good. Were the head of cloning, tech technology, great fabrics right, great fabrics, yeah. So that's where Meryl Streep was at Meryl. Streep I got the cloning of the dogs whose it was it was uh I wasn't Meryl Streep, it was God. I just said her name old white yeah, a rich lady, all right, Sam Barbara did she do it here? Oh, she went to Korea, probably I, don't think you can do that here. Yeah, it's closed, I, see yeah yeah, yeah no I've been in the sports. I love, video games and so I was playing Starcraft yeah I've game so well, when I got into a whole like Korean culture was when I was playing Starcraft 2, Wow and dota wow you're really into it. Then dude I have 2,000 hours clocked on dota 2 you do and about the same on Starcraft 2. You know what I play. What are you game? Stardew valley? Hmm, that's that, like farming, stardew valley, that's the new one right you making fun of me. No no I played that [ __ ] for like 20 hours of farming, yeah, that's I'm! Just trying to understand it's the one that's out on switch! Yes, I played it for 20 hours, I enjoyed it, but it was a certain point where I was like. My farm is pretty dope. No, it wasn't dumb enough. Well, that's the beauty of the bug. No, maybe why it's so amazing! Okay, until you get the golden clock ain't, no, the golden cry! Yes, you don't even know about that. What is the gold clock do for you, this guy Eric brony developed his game called stardew valley, I'm just gonna start from the top from the top. You know he was by himself. He was it had a wife who work, he didn't work and he just in his apartment. He lived in Seattle and he created his own independent game. You know called stardew valley. It was based on because he had this obsession with Harvest Moon right, we're growing up. So basically, what it is is that it's not just a some farming simulation game. You can go in the mind you fight a monster. I did do that and I loved it right. You can fish as well. You can fish really yeah, you can fish unbelievable yeah and it's not just fishing though -. It's like you could there's legendary fish. You can catch and whatnot, but here's the thing about it. Is it there's a wizard in the forest? You know that the wizard in the forest Ryan countered it and once you have a relationship with him, there's story lines with him and then eventually you can buy things from him and one of the things that you can buy from it and the most expensive thing is a golden clock. I was gonna, guess yeah, thank you and what you do with the golden clock. Is it's ten million dollars, so it's I know if you have to grind hard alright, but when you get it it's great because you put it on your form and there's no more debris. No more debris! That's like! Oh so I know it debris. Is it when the [ __ ] grows and all that it saves you a bunch of time. Let me guess: you got that clock Daniel, there's no [, __ ] memory on your farm. Another way debris less! It makes me want to try the game. I think you would like it I think you would love it and let me say something it's grinding, but it's the fun kind of grinding. Where there's always, goals like I need to make truffle oil right or it's like I- need that there's this thing called rare seed I need a harvest more rare seat, so I can make more money and whatnot. So there's a lot to do and I just really enjoy it. I wanted to love it. I want I put in 20 hours, I wanted to love it, but something just held me back I. Think in general, in the past five years, I found myself enjoying videogames less really because I have this feeling that I should be doing something else and it ruins the games. For me and it's awful you don't know, let me say something to you. Mine I didn't always have that and that's how a club- that's our dice, know you manifest things in your life. You know that right, tell me more I need help dude. What else I'm gonna tell you a little story about me, a friend yeah. If you ask any comedian I'm the laziest of them all I, don't write mm-hmm, you know, I, don't eat! Well, mm-hmm! You know I'm I'm, on the border of death. I think I am you're rotting right now, yeah from the feed off yeah I, don't exercise I, don't shower I, don't do much okay, but a lot of good things have happened in my life. Do you know why? Why is that? Visualize, I, can't and I believe, and you don't believe you have nothing. You were just saying before we went on that you were in a little fender-bender and you were visualizing your way out of it right. Yeah I! Do that a lot I, try to think positive thoughts right and things the outcome of things are gonna be great for me. How do you explain that I'm gonna explain it? You really like visualize what it would be like what it is that you want yeah I'll, give you an example: okay on Barham Boulevard, all right. If you go around that bend, you drive by Warner Brothers, Studio mm-hmm and in Warner Brothers Studio. They have these gigantic billboards of their shows. Okay, so it's like, and every time I draw a bond there. I would be haunted by, like you know these posters and in my head, I'm like I, want to be on a Warner Brothers show haunted because you want it to be because it was all my friends were on it right. I'm like oh, so I wanted to be on a billboard there right, so that can cause my enemies pain right. No, that's the only reason why to be a you want to be grinning up there on I want like I, have a lot of enemies. I'd like ten of them, yeah, yeah and I want them to be stuck in traffic there and then see my billboard. There I like me on a bill or inning and yeah and going and to cause them right. What do I try to visualize my do you visualize them suffering or you on the Billboard sounds positive. It's revenge in a spiritual way, hello right right. Instead, then, what happened was I got on a I. Don't know if I would have my hat, there's no billboard there yet, but it could happen. I don't know way of a Warner, but I'm on a Warner Brothers show that they own and and guess how that show happened. How so? Okay listen, they called an even audition. They just called me one day and they go. Do you want to be on this one? They offered you this there and I go yeah I knew this was gonna happen. It's happening my grants. My plan is happening. If you tell them that yeah they're, like yeah, yeah, they're, like okay and then I did the table read I. Did the pilot I got picked up and now it's on. So let me let me Congrats, but yeah. First of all congratulate you. Thank you. That's great! Thank you. Thank you. So do you meditate on this, like? How does the visualization take? Well, it's linked stardew valley, you suppose yeah yeah, you know I know because you know when pumpkins are growing. You know how pumpkins grow. You know my planet go in the game, the game you plant, you sleep, you go in, you come out. They grow a little bit ERI right. So what I'm watching else sometimes does watch the screen and just stare at my pumpkin patches I got it you're gonna, look of it. It sounds almost like more meditative than I mean as much meditative as gayness. You sort out all your issues. Yeah I wouldn't have visualized like because are like little pixelated characters, but I also visualize a little sexual things with the people in the village. It's great is there a billboard of you on WB and other villages? Yes, but um, so sometimes I'll go ugly playing it and I'll just be just looking at my farm and I'll visualize things, you know, so that's so, but no, but so do you? Do you just hold on to the image or do you think about? Like things happening, you know, I mean I'm half joking because I'll be this is the real cause. I know: okay, I'm gonna, tell you the honest truth: okay and then because I don't want people to think I'm, a [, __, ], [, __ ], all right. The honest truth is this: is that yes, I'm lazy right but I? Also blue, there is a blue. There is a thing that I do where I believe that things are gonna happen. For me, it's believed yes, I, just I just believe it yeah and then you know, I'll still show up to auditions and I'll show up to things and I. Don't stress about stress out about things and things just kind of they happen. You know, and it's because I've always been like that I think in retrospect, where I just kind of, why would you? Why would I continue to do something? Horrible, like open mics, for like seven eight years of struggling? If I didn't believe that something was gonna happen, yeah and I think the same with you you do it I think that this podcast is something that you manifested so you do it as well: yeah yeah, no I I relate to that and I think that I think you manifested her look. What a beautiful wife, she's bright, she's foreign she's, got exotic well tendencies: you know: I love it yeah, I, guess I, don't know, I mean I, don't know. I I worked my ass off for this one yeah yeah, but in the work I like this. What are we talking about her leg? What did he do? Well, I, just didn't I proceeded I didn't think it wouldn't. It would be an option for me because I was in Israel and it was hearing right. So I was, like you even think about even think of and then what happened for him to sway you he kept and like we started talking on skype, but it was. It was just very I, don't know persistent I, don't know, but I keep going and going yeah. It's just like see when you know you and I think there's a had a no yeah a lot of moments to just give up mmm-hmm, so I did have a feeling of like rightness in it. I don't know what this means. What does this mean something? But there was a reason that I pursued it. You know because when you meet because people aren't like snowflakes, there are all individuals right and when you see the snowflake of your heart right, I say that you're absolutely right about the summer suit that snowflake, with all your mind and your energy, when I match with kalila on tinder I liked her legs and I liked her eyeballs, really yeah, that's it and when I met her face to face, we sat out a coffee shop. I go, this is gonna, be it I can feel it. I need to really loose you. How long you guys been together five years. Oh my god! God bless! You don't listen to! You know a lot of times. It's just I'm, just staring it! Yeah I, like your eyebrows, you do thick and thin at the same time. Thank you for that. That's out, I, don't know I! Guess, there's a lot to visualizing. That I think is true where it sounds kind of weird at first, but when you think about it, it's just really being focused on something yeah, because I was always true. Yeah and I was always a negative guy. Like I, you know, I've been to war, Reap, drug rehabs and I've been struggling with drug addiction and when I was younger, I was suicidal and and then I think when I got sober in my early 20s I mean I got my teens. My late teens and I stayed sober. I realized that there's gotta be something to this like cuz. My life right now is just so dark and negative and I might pay money and I have no dreams. That I just shifted. My mental. You know the way I perceive hmm. How do I do that? How did you accomplish something? And that's that's a feat, well, I, think I, because you know that there's a thing in like if you're at 12-step groups, people think everything you know cuz, you believe in this concept of God right. So then you kind of think um. You know, you know, you know, there's a step in it. The third step was you turn your life and your will over the care of God right. So you practice that at first right you go and so in your head. If you think that there is this, loving God, not Jesus, I, don't believe in Jesus, but you believe that there's this entity and energy that wants good things, then you have to use it so I think that's when I started, like really kind of going. You know what I'm gonna try this thing of like praying and also I, was at in a meeting once and this old man came up to me and there's this place called North Park men's meeting was on a Friday night and I went and I spoke at this thing right and then afterwards, this old man I never saw him before or after this he got a kid there's something about you. You should do comedy really yeah I go what, and that was the catalyst and I got guys. You should just tried to do some sort of hammer tonight or something he pulled me aside to say: there's something right and in my head you could look at that incident and go. Oh, it's just some random old, crazy man or the way I looked at it was. This is some sort of sign, just a sign, so an unbelievable, unbelievable thing happened. I was working at a coffee shop. This is like four or five months after I ran into this man and the coffee shop closed. But right next door was a comedy club. Hmm and I went next door to get a you know there was a Help Wanted sign another vine in my head. It could be just a random coincidence right, but I don't look at it that way, something so I knocked on the door and this guy I answering that. Why do you want? It was like the manager of the club? Like? Oh there's, a sign. You know that says that you need the bar back all right, you're, the guy from next door. I go yeah, you go alright and then I saw open and then I was washing dishes and I said the open mic night one night and I want. You know I want to try it mmm right. So everything remember that one yeah. What I'm saying is is that you could look at life as a series of coincidences, and you know, but I don't look at life like that. I believe that you and I us three were meant to be here at this moment. Wow and we're here to get I really do believe that and that's why I'm here and that's why I'm enjoying myself me too by the way god bless, you, god bless you that's a great story. I love that yeah. So you know I think that's like grace. I, don't know it's like it's a beautiful thing. You know when things like that, like I'll, do even one that last example of it. There was this woman. Well, I was working in the back door at the comedy show I was a doorman in the Hollywood and I was broke and I was I was checking IDs and there was a lady there. Her name was Ann and she would look confused and I go. Can I help you she's, like I hate this club I, don't know how to get in this club and I go. What's your name, she goes. My name is Ann and I go. You know what I'm gonna sneak you in the back, I snuck her in I bought her a glass of wine that I I. Don't know why, but I just want to be nice to another human being, and she goes at the end of the night. She goes hi I'm an agent and I go yeah, but that's not what happened? What NH goes, but anyway my name is Ann and what's your name, my name is Bobby Lee she's, your comedian I go yeah and then, when I tested for MADtv, she was an executive there. What and she remembered you know, I, don't know if that has anything to do with it. This than that, but in her in my head, it's all connected in that way. You know that's really and now. Probably all of your listeners are probably thinking that I'm a frog though, and then I'm a deceiver and I live in black magic, but I. Don't I believe that what I'm saying if there is some sort of foundation and truth to it. So when you think of God, how do you imagine that being that that gave you the grace to I, can't believe that I cannot believe that, like Catholicism or Judaism, or they all have separate gods, I have to believe that at the end of the day, it's all one thing all right and people are just calling it a different thing. I think that I don't know what it is: I, don't I, don't I, don't have a religious doctrine that I read like the Bible or the you know, or the Book of Mormon. Or you know when you pray. Do you speak to some no I, just I, just kind of go I just believe in some I'm this an energy, that's positive, and that wants pretty much good customer mean I like that yeah, but completely wrong. What does it matter? Yeah? What's what's right around, you I really do believe it and I'm not changing my belief. Okay, I really love the idea of not like a gut, like I've, always found the idea of like thick the it's more abstract. It's not like a character. Yeah I love what you say: yeah I've always found the idea of like a god who's, just like perched up in the sky like jerking off and [ __ ] throwing lightning. He doesn't do that. He probably probably does that's weird well he's all about [ __ ] would be jerking off where's Neville, the devil I mean what does he Natalie? Portman is Natalie Portman yeah he's a guy. It was created in His image. He created a woman from his own rib so that he could [ __ ] it okay. Anyway, the point is I've always found that idea. I'll be fine for a while yeah you'll be fine, but that even jokes like that I'm fine with because the thing is I, don't believe in that religious right. What I yeah yeah the my point is that this guy who's, like judging you and think yeah, it was just it seems. How can you go through your life living that there's some guy who's, just like judging everything you do like I kind of did. Cuz I grew up a little Orthodox in a way yeah and I. Really my only feeling about it now is just how stupid it is cuz it just plants. This fear in you all the time. What am I doing wrong today. Really like you, oh [, __, ], I, a dairy after I ate meat. God is not gonna. Forgive me. You had thoughts like that. Yeah at one plant, there's like you, gotta wait six hours according to some people, but some people will wait three hours and then some people will only wait one hour yeah, but but it's that nitpick, it's like. What's the, why would he care if I waited six hours or three hours yeah, and at that point, why does he care at all and right? The biblical God is such a vain like insecure, weirdo yeah, but it's like. Why would I even want to please this [ __ ] lunatic yeah I? Don't why would he create like also it's like the whole, like the gay thing in Judaism? Is: are gays persecuted or are they accepted I, don't think they're accepting yeah well, so there's different tiers like in Israel there's like it's all good to be gay, but the Orthodox. Don't like the games right, yeah, yeah I, just all! That's that all that negative. Like we it's weird! It's like you know: it's like I I, can't I can't buy it and I can't live by it. Yeah I, just love all I think you know, but I love. The idea of just like a positive force that like wants good and just acknowledging, yeah I, could be delusional and I could be wrong, but I will not change. You know and don't get mad I get suicidally depressed. Do you? Oh yeah yeah I'll, wake up and go: oh, my god. Here's life again mmm and all this weight and this hole in my gut and I can feel like you know, an am penis right, but I have to do things right. -, I can't just stay in that right. Right, I have to do things like I'll. Try to help somebody or I'm, like you know, that's another thing is: is that and this is gonna sound, crazy, but I believe that the root of happiness is to get out of yourself mmm and to help another health, fellow human being and in the way I do it is I. Do it in the business of comedy I, you know, I, don't want to I, have a lot of character, defects and I'm, not the perfect human being, but the one thing that I am good at is I've helped a lot of comics, hmm like if a comic needs to get an agent I'll try to help more. They want to try to get into a club I'll try to help. You know. I've had a couple of friends that were really good comics that wanted to be at the agency. I meant I'll call the agency and go, and you really have to sign these two guys. You know so you know I. Do things I feel like to try to help people I? Don't think that you know here's what I here's that thing that I have to get over, and this is something that I have helped a couple skies and they just would never help me back and then I get kind of resentful and I have to get then older that I have to realize. That was a pure act. The first bit at is pure and I. Can't I can't do the act right. Do you expect something in return right and that's difficult? You have to be be like I'm lightened, you know, but there are large [ __ ] out there. I just want to get this off my chest right where I've there's a couple of people where I've loaned a lot of money to it, really big names, and they won't pay me back who are like huge war on billboards? Yes, but just FYI, you know, I gave you the money just because I love you, you want to drop a blog, just took blood; no, no! No, they know it's causes, it'll cause a war. They know, though they know who they are. They don't know who they are. Oh, they don't even know who they are yeah yeah. Have you ever been like? Okay cuz, if you're upset at someone you owe it to them in a way to be like hey, I, just won't. Let you know that I have all this hatred in my heart, I've played video games and I fantasize about you being stuck I thought. You know what do I think I would do that if I needed the money- okay, if I, if I love, but it's not about the money right and what about that principle? But here's! The thing is: is that how much money are we talking about? Can I ask that a couple grand okay yeah enough that it's like what the [ __ ] you're a millionaire? No we're top right! Yeah, yeah yeah, like there's one person there, killing it I'm gonna, even say with the gym I'm gonna write. Don't even ask that it's a female! Obviously, if you would say that don't ask a gender, because, obviously, what are you across all right? It's a [ __ ] guy. Okay, all right cuz, this dude yeah right right. This dude is killing it right and if I was broke, right, I would walk up to this guy yeah and go hey. Rumor I help him here and then put that a bunch of times, I'm really not doing well, I kind of need the money back, but because I'm, fine and I'm killing it that I'm just willing to eat it. And just you know if they want to go here's the money back, I'll even go like this. You know what I don't even want a bad yeah I just want, but they're games for even offering to pay that I wonder if they think in their mind, they're like Bobby Lee is killing. It he's giving this to me as a gift, as as he's just trying to help me out or what's the pretense like you got to pay me back when you're good for it, because it's Paula yeah yeah. If that wasn't clear, so in that way also you're right. It's tough yeah! It's tough! It's fine! I'm [ __, ], okay, but so do you feel like? Maybe they still appreciate that gesture and now that they're like on Billboard's well, do they stare the usual, where one time yeah and I'm not gonna name the guy? Don't is it a guy yeah sure I can even give you that information I. Believe you own this, this [ __ ] yeah I'm, going to tell you there's a couple of guys. I'm gonna get my grievances out. I love it yeah I want to hear about. This is one guy right. I would see his first name: okay, John, okay, interesting okay, his name is John were quote jay-z from America. Okay I was in America, okay, so he knows into Mid America. He knows Mid America right what state? What's his life? Oh hi, oh I'm, not there for John from Ohio. This guy right was an open mic car yeah, all right and one day he he had no money and one day this years ago he said: I need I, want to take acting classes, but I have no money right and I go. You know what you want: an acting classes, you're, a good guy and you're. Very talented I will pay for those acting classes and this [ __ ] became famous, hmm, okay, mmm and one day I'm walking by him at the comedy club. You guys parted ways. No, but you know just moved on ya know. You know you need it and we were still friends, okay, okay, but one day he goes, and let me tell you something: this is years after it right and he never paid me back. It's fine I'm, fine over it and I was fine with it. But then he goes I. Don't let you know you're, not a real comedian. Wow I go what and he goes yeah you're, just a guy that was on TV and got lucky. And now you get spots. Mm-Hm I, walk by him and I wanted to gouge his eyes out. But why would ya I don't know, but he became or did they likes coccyx here's what some people when they when they struggle and then they finally make it they've, become like Joffrey King jockey from it could be that he you know he hated everyone the whole time, but he was using them. So he had to put on a face: that's what it is. No resolve was hidden right and then they said finally get a position, real power and freedom, and they just start lashing out right. I, don't like dudes, like that, it's all right, John from middle of America, who is that I'm gonna tell you I'll tell you afterwards, I want to start a war, it's awful anyone know I, don't want to start a war. I gave you enough clues right, not to start a war, but still there's a little bit of interest out there right. You know these things. You know that he is name is John right. You know that he's from Mid America right, you know, he's a comedian right and that's all it's done. That's all you get all right. Those are the clues. Okay, I'm, not sorry. Okay, here's another one I'm waiting, one last one yeah okay and this one I can even get more specific. Okay, all right yeah. His name was Kevin right. He's, okay, age I mean, can I, say it's eight years in EndNote 8. What you're saying some kind of agent thing right! I! Didn't say that but and I helped him out and he betrayed me, your wife is like the is, is that's it okay, but your name's, Kevin and United. He betray you, you know, what's a betrayal well, he pushed me at a comedy club pushed yeah. He was drunk and he walked up to me. I was at a table with some friends, and this is what he said to me. He goes look at you and go what he goes. You know dr. ken Jeong he's doing so much better than you. How does it feel to not be a star anymore right? She was drunk I said what's wrong with why what's with all these Psychopaths I know, so then what you know what I walked up to him at the improv and I go. Why did you say that to me buddy, you know, and he pushed me. He shoved you yeah, but Kevin, and he has this right and he's a comedian. Okay, that's all! That's all I'm gonna say that's enough. Information I feel like to identify somebody. That's not enough. I just start some Wars I, don't know I'm sweating. Now you were sweating before you know these two characters. You know me want to have a little coffee with me and we could just smooth it out. Mm-Hmm I'd be willing to do that. Mm-Hmm, that's great, but okay. So if I can't air I feel like to get to the point where you're willing to shove somebody I feel like you did you not do any offense to this guy? Well, here's the offense, yeah I feel like you're, not you're, leaving something out. Okay, I want to tell you what yeah, what yeah I did a tour with him: yeah: okay, I'm yep I'm, not gonna, name, the tour, okay right and at that time the people that were on the tour I was the only name on the tour mm-hmm cuz I had you've been on MADtv for so long right, and so they paid me more. But it was a four man tour mm-hmm, but you were the headline: no, we were all people equal in it, but but man any more money, because I was at that time the draw you okay, fair enough. Okay, yeah and apparently some people got resentment that I got 60% of the money. It's a lot. I should take less and I mean what I feel guilty. I feel guilty for taking so much money, and in retrospect, if you know I would do it over again. I would take away less and I apologize. This is like mad, but don't push me yeah at a comedy club and humiliate me in front of people sure it's all I'm, saying Kevin if you're out there. This is worth doing that Kevin. His name is that whatever, but if you're, whatever cat yeah, whatever it was Kevin but fine whoever's out there. Who knows who you are yeah, we're mending bridges here I'm? What about that? First one. What was there an offense in the first case as well? No, he just went on like a lunatic yeah, okay and I. Don't know if that relationship will ever mend, because um well I mean there's no turning back dog once I leave I think he needs to go potty yeah such a cutie pie. He said cute dog he's the best. What kind is that Yorkshire yeah carry on Yorkie yeah yeah? Oh you didn't want to. He doesn't want to leave us though, but he doesn't want to leave. He just won't. Leave us because he's such a sweetie I think you gotta. Take him outside um. Dad reveal too much on this podcast I feel like I. Don't know something about powerful know something about utility change that makes me want to just keep I feel like something beautiful. Well, I think that you revealed stuff, but you also took blame where you need it right. You've been through some [ __, ] man, you know yeah, you know what here's the thing at the end of the day. Okay, at the end of the day- and this is something that other comedians should hear me say is- is that you, you can't be loved, not everyone's gonna love, you, that's! That's not everyone's gonna love, you yeah, and you know Mitzi shore. You know that is I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, so the Comedy Store is owned by Mitzi shore. Pauly Shore is mine. Oh, and in this you know they did a movie they're doing a TV. Show they're called I'm dying up here, it's about pretty much mid, say. Ah, but back in the day when I was living in San, Diego um I knew mid, said she's still alive, but she's she's lost her mind sure. But you know we should drive her around I've had dinner with her a bunch of times and one night she looked at me and just when she was coherent and clear, and she looked at me and she said you wanna, you know what makes a star I go. What half the people have to love you, but equally half the people have to hate you. At the same time, mm-hmm and I go wow, that's interesting. Look at Roseanne people went on her dead, but people loved her because eat. Both things causes one causes controversy, but you want people to just to talk about you so I'm in Maine yeah, and you know so in there's only a few people. If you think about it. There are completely beloved only I think Tom Hanks yeah. Here's one guy he's a rare entity where people, but look you look at someone like Jim Carrey right he's. So polarized these days, especially right, always true, no I, think even before his he was so bra, so hammy that some people don't like that Cosmo comedy when you say that one of my idols or and even our inspiration for the show, is Howard Stern yeah and he was like hated passionately. But that's what you need I think to become a real star. It's so hard to accept it, though, like the hate, the hate comment. Well last week, my you Tuesday night, my [ __ ], show air a second time right and some guy tweeted at me, you're the worst actor. You should be recast right, mm-hmm and that destroyed me. It's and it's just some [ __ ]. It's some kid on my yearly. Almost never left the house again right, I laid in bed and kalila was out of town, so I had to just week. I was reading it on my own and it closed my eyes, and so in those moments it's hard to manifest positive thinking. I get paranoid, I'm terrible right! You know I should kill myself right, but then you, you called a couple of people and then they straighten it out. You know, you're talking, you call your friends. Does this happen to you? It happens to me: I find I'm and I'm trying to break this cycle because it's so sick, like I'll, get a hundred really like passionate, loving, yeah, wonderful, encouraging comments, yeah and then one guy. That says something like that and that's the one that you don't forget: yeah our cuz. You know what it is: they're there they're banging on your own paranoid fears about yourself right and then because you're almost looking for someone to verify your own fear, yeah, that's what it is and you're like I knew it even though everyone's like I, loved, I loved you and yeah I knew it I'll do a show on the road and I'll kill, but I'll walk off and go I just ate it and they'll go why you killed I know, but that lady that one night sitting there you know- and she doesn't like me because I see no I- showed my pubic hair right. Religiously. She doesn't. You know she didn't face. Boobs yeah, yeah I have straight pubes that weird I don't think they don't curl, it's not what I mean Asians have straight hair. That is true. It's a fact, but because, if they don't currently, it's constantly scared. You should bleach your tips. That's so good, like that one chef, gaya died, fury yeah half year fit guy fury Maidan. You should do that. His mine, it's just a curly I mean it's almost like a desirable zone. No, it's not! It's like a chia pet I mean I'm, not kidding, and it's awful it's swampy too. You have a swampy dick, well, not the dick itself, but like all the air, it dick emerges from Raya, it's like a beautiful tree coming out of a swamp. Yes, you know: there's a beautiful white noise yeah like a reverse away, right right, I, just curly as well! Well, it's not a surprise. All right come on! Don't try to dip! Oh that's! That's all I ask you ask come on give me a break. No I'm kidding I'm, kidding I'm kidding asking me what my girlfriend I don't want. I, don't want to Bobby I'm kid having friend, ok, good Rio, it's like a flower, dad I'm, just kidding, I, don't yeah, don't eat anything, something that there's there's you know, I love, vaginas, I do and I love the way they look. It look like life comes from there. That's true right. It did says true, but there's some style, I, don't like mhm, and so when I first met. My girlfriend like please don't have the styles of vagina, because I liked her and I would have to just accept whatever she had down there. Mmm she probably in her head thought: I, don't want to et dick mm-hmm, but she got she got yeah. She got that yeah. You got [ __ ] I mean but I, don't like um jazz hands a China. What is jazz hand with a butler that lipstick got like that and they did a little number. Oh I know well, okay, well, I'm, not asking well that I call I want it. I! Think the technical game is the like. The voles [Music], there's there's a part word. They contain cool right yeah. You know I saw a documentary about young girls and the UK who were getting surgeries to get that [ __ ] removed guys like me that I should never say that out loud whenever you have made that and it's good look, it's whatever yeah yeah we're all got. We all got our problems, but the last point I want to make is here's another thing. What I don't like about the PC and things and people getting in trouble for is- is that you can it's like people are so sensitive now, yeah that you can't say certain things: I can't be authentic. You can't be honest, there's no help there right, I'm, constantly filtering myself and, let's just let's be ourselves like: let's not filter ourselves like sometimes you filter yourself, yeah, cuz, I refuse. You know how little people little beauty that was insensitive, yeah, I'm gonna call the midgets midgets yeah, that's the one thing: I bet you won't compromise, I, don't know how can I can I tell you about my about that one day. What's the difference? What's the difference, yeah I know I was like I, don't know, just here's. What my experience was that was I grew up my whole life and we were calling a midgets and there was no. There was no implication of life right, but one day, I called him, someone a [, __ ] and they and I get like blowback and so I'm like I, didn't know what happened the world went on without me, I made something for like six months. They says they want to be called little people now yeah and I and I am think to myself. That sounds more. That sounds more demeaning. Would your little guy yeah, yeah, yeah I, wouldn't be one of that? Are ya little guy yeah, just a little person there? It's like okay, don't call me Oreo, don't call me: yellow people, yellow people would yeah yeah, but like it's also. What I was saying is it's all about the intention right and it's so obvious. What someone's intention is if it's ill-will, or if it's just being I'll, tell you the difference or, if you're, just being rough on the edges right. It's like! Oh look at that cute little [, __ ] or let's hang that [ __ ]. The intentions are: do cute little midgets, a little rough Peter, Dinklage. Okay, you don't need to introduce him as a mess. Yeah, the guy, all right, the guy that works at Chuck E Cheese in a [ __ ]. What wait yeah? That's for that better or what you act. Are you talking about the [ __ ] yeah yeah I, like the guy in Game of Thrones, which one the [ __ ] yeah? That's fine! It sounds weird, but it should be yeah. It sounds weird. You know what I love that anymore. The little reason does that sound better who watch which portion on Game of Thrones? Do you like the little person? That's weird yeah, yeah yeah, let's stick with [ __, ], yeah I, don't know I, guess yeah yeah you're right we're, discovering we're learning. At the same time, I want to feel what it's like, yeah we're exploring. The point is that you can get a little bit offended and it's fine and you can move on and people can make fun of you a little bit. Yeah like I. Don't like how you you have to walk on eggs. So much these days, cuz everything could like ruin your career. Yeah. That's the part! That's the scary part! It's not just like you offended me, sir and I demand apology. It's like you offend him. I'm, going to contact telling all my friends I'm telling all your sponsors I'm coming to your house, I mean you have no idea what happened to me. I! Don't know! If I something happened to me, what happened? Yeah, I'm, gonna, say it, but I said something: I, don't think that was that offensive? What was it? We have to know what it all right. All right say: everybody you know yeah, but but now, okay, I and I, okay, I'll go gay I'll, tell you I! Think it's alright, alright yeah I, don't think I should say: okay, yeah, okay, because because you know because what happened was I'll tell you what I said what happened was I was taught, I was do I. Have my own podcast yeah, Agri, ballet, yeah, Bush and I did a whole episode on Asians and we talked about all the definitions. Then we didn't want episode about Mexicans I, said one thing about black people right and then I got an email saying that if you I'm gonna blast you to us Entertainment, Weekly and all these magazines, if you don't give me 15 grand really yeah, were they in a position to do that? Who was it? Was it some random person on the email? I don't know, and then they try to extort me for money right and then all of a sudden and in my head, because of the climate I thought in my crazy head, give this person 15 grand, oh right, so that you know and then I showed up. I got a commercial like a pretty big commercial and when I was sitting there, one of the a lawyer or something came up to me at the commercial and said: did you say this about right and this person contacted them? It was the same person. Yes, so my point is: is that it this whole environment? There is a gradient, no okay, that's good! No, because they, you know, people vent, you, you know, and and this adage they vetted me. They know what I'm about and and that's scary too, oh, it's so scary, and you want you once you're like got that one blemish it's like vetted and out yeah and it's like I, don't like any chances, I, don't know what happened to our society. I'll. Give you another example: I have a bit about how I was molested by a guy with Down syndrome. I've heard. Is it a bit? It's joke. I do on stage, but it's real right yeah. It's interesting that it's a! Dare you defer as a bit almost because it makes it but I did it and I did it once I was in on the road and some guy in the front row, mm-hmm I I'm, not making fun of people I'm just saying the designer happened to have down syndrome, blessed me right and he's, and he went out of his mind, but he didn't molest me weird if he did, because your son is probably young, and this happened, what make sense yeah, why? Why would he be there? Why would your son there yeah it's insane yeah yeah, so it's like people just get so sensitive and but the thing is I know yeah. What can you do? I, don't know it's funny. Cuz louis c.k was like the champion of like and he had this incredible ability to Galant stage and say the most obscene things, but he get it. He pulled on me and then he starts and then he shows dick there one. No, he I can't even get into there. It was he was the he was the chosen one who's, bringing balance to the force I know, but by the way, I. That's why I really love humanity, wouldn't Ricky! Gervais is really good. It's all about that same with Dave Chappelle's. To see his looks it's about that job, yeah yeah, which is it real, hard yeah. It I think that's just what it's you you're, not an American. If you can't talk and opinion yeah, that's what life I mean. That's the it's a freedom, that's what American writers and you may not like what I'm saying. But it's like you know, I, don't! But even me, I don't get offended. You know if some you know like this guy named Andrew Santino right he's a comic he's very popular and I make fun of him cuz. He has red, hair and I. Think they're, weird people with red hair, so I also when I bring him up on stage in front of a packed room. I'll go my redheaded friend, that's weird, that you know they're like mutants or whatever I might say, and the he comes up on stage and does this meaning does that and it crushes I'm not offended by it, because it's it's not coming from hatred yeah. You know we're just having fun here, guys but yeah, and even if it does come from hatred just as long as well, yeah. Okay, that's why it's feel your freedom to say it is what I was getting yeah, but like a fourth baby, you harm somebody physically or something livelihood away. That's that's! Not right! No different, yeah! You know it's funny in a way because people choose to go after good people. We just said something: it's the bad people are doing stuff its way. The people who actually do shitty stuff from a bad place do are the ones that get second chance. Chris Brown beat the [ __ ] out of Rihanna and he's still [ __ ], shaking his dick on MTV yeah and selling albums, but and like Mel, Gibson I mean I, don't know what's in that guy's head, but he went on a an actual anti-semitic rant yeah, but it hurry he'll, never shake that. He won't shake it I! Guess she just embraced it at that point. Yeah I won't say that that he got off on that one. He didn't get off on. I think that it's he used to be an a-list movie star. Oh I'm, a huge fan of his I think Braveheart is amazing. I love I've, seen that Booga house I love, I, love him yeah. My favorite is out an amazing. He was actually my favorite actor. I mean he's he's great, but so you're not offended. He said that so the thing is like it: it's eyebrow-raising what he said yeah, but it's not gonna [ __ ] ruin my day yeah because he's not talking to me yeah I'm. Talking about you, I, don't take I, don't take Jew jokes personally, I take comments about me. Sometimes I take homeless personally, but not the stuff about, like oh he's, a Jew yeah, it's more like you know: yeah good job, dude nice work there on that one yeah cuz, you know you know my favorite Jews another thing: I'm on your favorite juice, Wow top ten doctor what you know a thousand! Oh that's what I mean there's everywhere, every one area you throw a stone in LA your head to five Jews he's: we did you throw a penny in LA five. Just what I want my reps to be Jewish, cuz, there's, Jewish and I love it? Does he bar mitzvah, chi-chi, bar/bat Mitzvah, no she's, not active. You should have active Jew, but she is Jewish, hmm, but she like giving example like she I did this when I was a long time ago. Did this commercial and I don't know if this is I'm getting in trouble for saying this, but um they offered me $75,000. It was like a buyout hmm and she got me $350,000 in for our period. Give me your [ __ ] and she just was able to do it and I have and does that have to do with her being Jewish 100%. It comes from the Torah there's a secret, so you know most people think that we're just looking at the Torah and reading it yeah. But if you hold a black light up, my die now yeah because I'll be found with weird nerve agent. May you have to let you go you're fine, mom out the mill? Listen, it's been two hours no yeah we've been on for two hours. It's been, it's been a romp. It's a riot has been a joy and a pleasure. It's been chemistry, I thought that that we were like war, buddies, yeah, we've been through absolutely and we'll see each other at those like PTSD meetings. You know it was really a pleasure to meet. You I want to ask you one question: go ahead: cuz! We ask all of our guests this and first of all it may it plug some things before. Oh yeah. Of course, I would do that right now. Yes, so that you give me the opportunity to do so, of course, let's do it. I have a podcast with my girlfriend. It's called tiger belly. We would love to have you guys on that as well? Yes, we're there and number two I have a sitcom on Tuesday nights. It's after Roseanne. It's called splitting up together, that's a good spot and it's doing pretty good, so uh check that out guys nice. So where can your well better be? When is this air of this podcast tomorrow tomorrow, I want to be at the Denver Comedy Works next weekend, cool I'll put? Is there like a ticket link? You can send us we'll put it on to do that anyway, guys, please support Bobbie Lee and all the the podcast is great. Bobby Lee live on all my social media. There you have it. So what are you gonna ask me something friend so um? If you don't have an answer, that's fine. I have I, don't have one, but it's customary that we ask our guests if they have any ghost stories or paranormal Albert, oh yeah ghosts or UFO encounter unexplainable [, __ ]. Whatever you got well, my brother and I have talked about this because my brother has his own YouTube, channel or whatnot. Well, this TV we be show, and my brother and I grew up in a town called Poway California, what's going on with water, sir okay I'm parched, and we know that half of our house was on some sort of Indian burial site. That's his because my brother and I would hear demons. We see demon collectively. You would both hear the same thing and what my dad said later in life was um. He'd said he said. Tell us one day goes: I I, don't believe in the ghost, but every time I park, my car after work I run through the hallway, because I feel weird he felt. But that's where my brother and I is bedroom. Bedrooms were in the bathroom, but my dad would run past our bedroom used to see your own dad running yeah because of the fact that he felt an evil presence there. In fact, one day I thought I was possessed and for me to get out of it, I jumped into the swimming pool yeah. We had a swimming pool, we did pretty good unless killer but yeah, but enough to get an unwanted house yeah. Then when we moved out and it stopped, but my brother and I were both possessed several times. We thought I did you know you're good. We fell a demon like like, we would hear things and we were times when we would like be asleep and awake and we couldn't move. We felt this presence and it's never happened after we humped out of a window into the pool. No, no, it was we had one floor. Okay, but I would run out of my bedroom one time and I [ __ ] jumped in this room, didn't when I got out of it. Yeah I got out of it yeah, but yeah we were on there's some sort of evil presence. Have you felt anything like that since then? Well at The, Comedy Store, you know that that place is haunted. I haven't heard, that's not Gus. A couple of times is that a ghost island yeah there was a ghost named cause. He was a in the 50s. He was a mafia henchman. That, apparently, was murdered at the Comedy Store. It was a club called Ciro's at the time and I've seen Gus a couple of times double that I. Don't people Oh, Gus, levitated, Sam Kinison by his angle and above it, because you know Sam, Kinison and Carla ball when they moved from Houston to the Comedy Store they used to sleep in the main room and one night. This is what I heard from Carla ball cuz. Obviously, Sam Kinison is dead that one night he woke up and that Sam Kinison was levitated by his ankle upside down. Yeah huh I could tell I mean next. If I ever did this podcast again I can tell you a million stories that happened happened there really yeah. So when we do ours D, when you saw the goats just out of curiosity, how did it me and my friend Ronny Sanchez- did a gig at in Bakersfield? Is it back in the 90s and I parked? My truck at the comedy store parking lot at 4:00 in the morning whence Johnny dropped me back back off. At my car we looked up and there's a window on the top floor. We looked up and we saw a faceless man wearing a table head with his hands against the window. Look, yes! And then we look at each other screamed. We look back up. He was gone, yikes yeah! So that's why that's terrifying yeah, God bus thanks for sharing, hmm, let's, let's let that sit for a minute, not that I was done. Okay, now we're done with the whole podcast yeah we're done Bobbi. It was a pleasure man. It was great just to sit here and chat with you and I had a lot of fun so guys, thanks for coming thanks, everyone for watching I hope you had fun. I hope you had as much fun as I did. Thank you. That was great. It was really fun make sure to check out Bobbi stuff, we're gonna, put links in the description. Please support this wonderful man. Next week we've got Harley right from Epic Meal Time, a very nice cool dude and a good friend looking forward to that so stay tuned, and we will see you then guys. Thanks for watching God bless see you see you then.