Welcome back everybody to another episode of the h3: podcast live every Tuesday and Friday at twitch.tv for Sluss h3h3 productions here with yours, truly ela, kleiner aka. What up big pimp? This is what I'm big pants. This episode is sponsored by seat geek, which subs like you and, of course, h3h3 shop. Calm! That's us more about that later today, on the show we have got topics for days. Our lead story is about Felix, aka, PewDiePie, dropping the N bomb and basically and we're gonna we're gonna, try to tear that apart and get to the heart of it, and we have a. We have a surprise guest callin to get their take. It's a black guy, because that you know often you sit around and you circle jerk a bunch of white people and it's like well. Let's actually ask someone who, may you may actually have been affected by this mm-hmm, so we're gonna, actually ask a black guy. Introducing an a new segment, incidentally called ask a black man. Look I yeah sounds like a joke, but it's Syria like it's a there's value there there's value there like the name is funny because it's just so obscene, but like there's value there, we were just you know: I've, never even had a black guest in here, that's a valuable perspective. Okay, we're also going to be talking about the lawsuit settlement which is finally over signed. It's done, of course it wasn't free of some absolute booths by your boy. Matt Haas is. We could finally talk about another sided over. We are going to be talking about our charity, which is now at 220 thousand. You guys are you freaking kidding me. You got that right. We may just fast went 220, that's crazy. We may actually hit a quarter million dollars on that. Now, all the amazing items you can win there. The Raffles are still available, is closing dan. Do we end up extending it until like Monday, so in we're gonna pick the winners on twos our way? Don't we think in the winners? Dan? Oh, we have to make up our mind yeah. It was supposed to end today, but we're thinking to extend it a few more days. Well, when are we picking the winners on Friday whenever it ends yeah I think our plan was on Friday. The original plan was to announce winners Friday, but if we extend it to the end of this week, then we would probably announce the winners the following week. So maybe we will extend it through the rest of the weekend and announce the winners a week from today on Tuesday. So one week from today we're gonna announce all the winners are the raffles. You guys could win all kinds of great prizes, let's see if we can get that to a quarter of a million dollars, because that is just gonna. Make me cream dream and we've got to watch some videos because it is top of the week. So we've got a lot to get to next Friday. We have Eric and Jack Jack film and Eric from common etiquette coming on to get drunk and shoot the dang crap, here's exciting dunkey video game donkey and his girlfriend Leia. The incredible power couple is coming to LA soon and I. Freaking got him in here to do a podcast with us. I cannot wait all these smokes. I love them both of them love it Leia is so cute and their vote is the best they they're Saints. Oh yeah Jason makes the best videos and frankly, I've, never even understood his creative process. Yeah, so I will I love to just get him in here and pick his brain. But beyond that he's he's such they're both such genuinely nice incredible people I'm really excited there's some of my favorite people on YouTube without a doubt so very much looking forward to that. I'm sure you guys are too he's, probably our most requested guest right now, yeah and sadly, ela is leaving tomorrow for Israel for two weeks. We touched on that briefly in our previous episode: she's having some family stuff, so she's gonna be gone for two weeks and I am gonna, be absolutely [, __ ] I'm here for two weeks by myself. Oh god, we've never done this before I, don't know if I'm gonna lose weight or game wish lose weight, but via starvation we are not having clean dishes yet clean dishes or or Michael Andre. Oh, my God, my lungi is [ __ ], that's for sure, there's not a debate on that all right! Well, anyway, that's what to expect! Thank you. You guys everyone for joining us and being here with us. It's a it's a joy privilege and honor to have. You have us be part of your week, so we love and appreciate you for that. That being said, let's talk about race, let's lighten it up. This is always tough to talk about we're. Gonna talk about Felix, dropping the N bomb god, it's so hard to talk about this yeah. It is it's just tough, it's not fun stuff! I! Think the one of the problems is like I look nobody's as antisocial, but you know what let me just show you guys the clip for those of you, the five of you who haven't already seen it, what a [ __ ], [, __, ] jeez- oh my god, sorry, but what the [ __ ], what a [, __, ], [, __, ] I, don't mean that any better, so yeah he dropped uh. He dropped the N bomb and he dropped it pretty hard, not like yeah. It wasn't like um. It wasn't like a tomahawk TAC tactical missile. It was more of just like a Hiroshima. He dropped it with that hard yard that colonial. You know eighteen sixties er and he said it in anger. He is an insult I mean it's pretty much worst-case scenario: you know when they drop nuclear bombs and and the people out on the street have like shadows left over and printed on the sidewalk. It's like that. Does that make sense that analogy. It was a hard one. I agree: yeah, it's uh. It stopped the way did it is probably the worst way you could use that word, yeah other than actually calling someone just like to a black eyespace saying that yeah yeah, it's pretty much the worst case scenario here so yeah I, don't know like as I was saying before. Well, let me just let me just continue on cuz. Basically, I had this whole conversation planned out, but this morning, because it basically two days passed and he didn't say anything on Twitter about it. On YouTube about it, Hyup look re uploaded one video about stream fails, which was a little bit a little bit of irony there for him, certainly wasn't lost on him I'm sure. So this morning he posted an apology which kind of changes. His whole conversations I'd like to now play that, for you guys, [Music], no one on trending. That's that what that's um, that's nice of YouTube, to do that hello! I, am wanted to make a statement on what I said in my previous live stream. You probably won't believe me when I say this, but whenever I go online and I got in earlier, so easy cPanel and quit I am at max volume. Well, then, Felix needs to learn that it makes his video I guess. Is there no way to turn it up? Let me see what I can do crank it pretty ahead and play it again, which that I did I always find it extremely immature and stupid and I hate how I now personally fed into that part of gaming as well. It was something that I said in the heat of the moment. I said the worst word, I could possibly think of, and it just sort of slipped out and I'm not gonna make any excuses to why it didn't, because there are no excuses for it. I'm disappointed in myself, because it seems like I've learned nothing from all these past controversies and it's not that I think I can say or do whatever I want and get away with it. That's not it at all, I'm, just an idiot, but that doesn't make what I said or how I said it. Okay, it was not. Okay, I'm, really sorry if I offended hurt or disappointed anyone with all of this being in the position, I am I should know better I know, I can keep messin up like this and I owe it to my audience and to myself to do better than this, because I know I'm better than this. I really want to improve myself and better myself, not just for me, but for anyone that looks up to me or anyone that's influenced by me and that's how I want to move forward away from this? That's all I had to say thank you for watching all right. So what you? What you get is I mean refreshing in that it's pretty sincere yeah, pretty owning up to to what he did. But the question is like um I, don't know when I first saw that I was I was pretty shocked. I'm like dude come on man. You know like this kind of [ __ ] really reflects poorly on all of us, and it wasn't that long ago that all of us came out and rallied against him. You know against them, I mean in support of them. Yeah and against the media who's now, basically, given all the ammo in the world to be like look at all these pieces of [, __ ], you know so methoxy really sucks I, don't think Felix is a racist person, but god damn he really kind of just was really comfortable using that word that really just kind of hmm like you're reaching for all these words right you're like oh, let me just like a little and bump or yeah I mean I know. This is a point. A lot of people say, but it certainly seems like that's not the first time he's used that word in that context and look if you joke around with your friends privately we've all you said we say offensive things, probably we're talking with our friends cuz. We all find a fire for one reason or other, but goddamn doubt your [ __ ], your freakin life streaming, damn mm-hmm it really it really I was I. Wasn't like angry I was more like disappointed, like damn dog, really. After all, they surely because coming off of their life story right that was so big and their ad pocalypse, which was you know, I'm, not blaming him for that I park loosely Camus Awards, but it was probably all related to him. It didn't help the whole climate of everything so coming off. Of that to do that is pretty nuts right I'm. Obviously, it's a it's a mistake and livestreaming is always a risk. You don't know, I'll tell you this why this podcast freaks me out dude I'm, just waiting because everyone's you know, people do dumb, [, __ ] and you say something you don't necessarily mean and who knows like it's your live streaming and it's their the moment. You say something right: someone's got it recorded. Yes, even if you're gonna, you know so obviously yeah it's it's a tough situation. It sucks and I'm glad that he did apologize and, like he said, there's no excuses this time and see I can't defend him. It's completely indefensible. This time, yeah yeah man, he really just dropped the end bomb like straight up and the way he used. It was just awful. You know and look there's different ways to use the n-word like I dubs, used it. Okay and first of all, there I understand people who would criticize idubbbz and say that's [, __ ] up the way you use it, but at least in idubbbz there's there's context. He did it as a point to make a joke to make a parody of Tana mangu who in the past had dropped and bombs and then tweeted at him saying: oh, how dare you use racial slurs, yeah and so the way he did. It was very specific and very smart and and sense of like those two it it was just dropping it for no exactly. It was very rhetorical and very smart. The way he use it, whether you and people who are offended, it's certainly a defensible because it's still an offensive word. But in this case there's no there's no context. There's no and it sucks too, because the first time PewDiePie got in trouble. It was I mean, in my opinion, it was a bunch of crap, that's just total crap yeah and afterwards he made he made a video. Not that long ago, like after Charlotte, Charlotte Charlotte feller he's like look I, don't want to be associated with these people yeah. So let me just say publicly and he was doing all he was doing good. You know he was making progress and then he just drops a freakin n bomb and it's just disappointing dude. You know I'll say this too. It's important to bear mine and keep keep it all in perspective. You're like as either was saying it's a live stream. [ __ ] can happen, doesn't make him a horrible person or a racist. It's not the same as going and beating up a black guy and burning across on someone's lawn yeah. It's not like. We just watched him do an act of race yeah. He didn't just like you know, but I think it. The real thing is just the disappointment because yeah he we've all learned through him know this [ __ ] can backfire and hurt all of us and how I mean it's like when we first made videos when we were small, they had no consequence like right, I'd, say anything doing anything. No one was even watching yeah, both them the more audience you have and the bigger you get. There really are consequences to doing and if you think of yourself as an idol or not, some people are looking up to you and you do have to accept the responsibility that comes with it and you know I think generally, Peter has a younger audience who are impressionable and on the internet, it's very fun and edgy cold to say, like horrible, racist, shocking things, I, don't these I wouldn't say these people are homophobic or racist or anything, but it's like in fashion to be shocking in a in an anti social justice, warrior and so I think he's feeding into that, which is something, and let- and this is something interesting to talk about too- is like sometimes nobody's more anti social justice were than me. Sometimes though, it's actually okay to be offended and we need to actually acknowledge that distinction right, and this is part of the reasons why this cult of outrage that I'm always criticizing, has muddied the water so bad, because everybody's moral compass is so [ __ ] up that you feel like you're, either offended by everything or not offended by everything, but it's sometimes okay to be offended. Yeah and I've seen a lot of people who are saying like it's offensive that PewDiePie used that word. A lot of people are just giving them a straight up past, because you know it's just a word and why do we give word that much power? But it shouldn't make you a social justice warrior if you think that people shouldn't just walk around dropping end bumps. That's ridiculous, I'm learning about how complicated that and word issue is because I'm from Israel and I think in Israel people. Don't really you know, don't even think about it's not really a thing there, so you may hear, but you may hear it in like hip-hop or if you listen to music, but it's not a debate. Oh yeah, you know so I'm I'm learning about how complicated it is and it really is complicated because it it's I, don't know the history behind. It is terrible, yes, and if the people were affected by think that people shouldn't use that word, then they have the right probably to get that right. So I see I, understand both arguments like some people are saying it's just a word and I understand where they're coming from, because you didn't just see him, do something like an act of racism: I, don't I, don't guy yeah I, don't think is racist yeah, but at the same time work hard award is it is a certain award. That is not any other word right. One of the questions I have for laters. Is it just white people getting offended by this? Do black people even care about this I want to get into that later? When we call up our guest but um I, don't know he basically I think it's gross yeah on a personal level. I think it's gross! It's irresponsible and it's it's not cool I mean he's, he's he's 27 years old. At this point he should know better than then and beyond that he's free computed by his the biggest youtuber he represents all of us. It needs to be more responsible, especially after we all stuck our necks out to defend him. Disappointed is how I would describe my feelings on that one. So anyway, that's that's pretty much my my opinion on it, but then the story developed, there's a whole interesting thing that happen, we're basically the developer of one of these video games. Tweeted like [, __ ], this guy PewDiePie I'm gonna, start DMC aying all of his let's plays to our video game white guy. By the way, the developer of one of the games that it was playing, I've got the hole. I've got the hole, tweet thread here. It's and- and this is sparked a whole debate that I'd like to get into here. Listen, let's read this, so this dude here we're filing we're. Finally, at the MCA takedown PewDiePie's fire watch content and any future can't boast Santo Games, so he's retaliating against his perceived racism by filing a legal notice yeah to remove his videos. It seems a little. It's weird to me and also he's like the way he's tweeting about it, like he's, making a grandstand yeah he's making like a moral like high ground yeah here, here's this whole rant. This is a bit of leeway. You have with the internet when you wake up every day and make video games there's also a break you boy, I, am sick of this child getting more and more chances to make money off of what we make he's worse than a closeted races he's a propagator of despicable garbage that does real damage to the culture around this industry, I heard other developers and we'll be reaching out to folks much larger than us to cut him off from the content that has made him a millionaire. Furthermore, were complicit. I've made money off of the 5.7 million views. That video has an that's something for us to think about. Lastly, I love streamers, I watched them daily and sent over 3000 keys to professional and amateur streamers, okay. Well, it's a look I, it's a little petty! It's a little ridiculous! It's like good yeah as he as he acknowledged himself. You've made money from it to you, you have. Why is it about money all of a sudden like I'm, sick and tired of this kid making money off of our game you're making money to him to play their games? You know that it's just a little weird that timing on this word. It's like I enjoyed him, making my game popular, but now that I have the luxury of that video being you know, however old it is and people not watching it anymore, I'm gonna try to [ __ ] him over and then the other thing is that I feel like DMCA. Takedown is not for this purpose right. That is a hold like. If you you don't want people to play your game and you're gonna allow it or you don't exactly if you'd assistant, like people will be playing it all kinds of people rate racist people can play it too: hey I'm, not saying the beautifies races, but any consistent, dude a few DMCA felix's video. Then you need to basically remove anyone from playing your game. It doesn't matter what their political point of view. Is you? Let people play your game or you don't you can't pick and choose, because the DMCA is a legal document. It's not something that you're supposed to just file at the whim of. If you like that person or not, if you like the content or not, it's a legal document that says, is this fair use or is it not and you're not talking about fair use, you're talking about having a vendetta against a person? So are you gonna? Are you going to tell everybody? They can't play your game. This is kind of a shitty, possibly illegal thing to do, and your sister I don't know if it's legal or illegal, but that the way I see it. This is an abuse of the DMCA that seems like I. Do it that's how I see it I think, there's no logic here. If you're not gonna, either allow it or not, I, don't, and if you're gonna allow people to play your game. You gotta expect that you're not gonna like everyone, who's gonna play your game. No racists are allowed to play my game and it, and also it's like if his races and he said that, while playing your game, no one is relating your game to what he said like I, don't it's revenge, he's pissed off and he's taking revenge, which is not what that system is for now. My question is: is it legal yeah is? Is playing someone's video game? Fair use, I, don't actually know the question to that, because that's different than what we went through. We were talking about criticism using somebody's video for criticism and commentary. These guys are playing a video game. I, don't believe that any that's ever gone to court and been decided on by a judge, it's kind of this agreement between developers and youtubers or gamers saying you know you can use this for content and it promotes us it's symbiotic. So, let's not even go there. Yeah I mean there has been some cases like Nintendo, for example, who just decided one day that they don't want other people playing their games and making the money from it. So they set up an agreement with YouTube where Nintendo gets like 50% or all revenue automatically claimed from Nintendo games and people just stop playing Nintendo games on YouTube. It's kind of an insane thing to do. Yeah and the way I see it is I. Think people in general should lean towards allowing stuff and like let's play such a huge shine right now. If people didn't let people play their game. This whole genre was with die. Gaming yeah, their YouTube gaming is made this whole freaking industry blow up and it's it's great I mean I I'm, not I, don't even watch it, but I. Don't I! Think it's great. Why not allow it, so you think minecraft would be worth like whatever billions of dollars. It was without allowing people to use it on YouTube and let them monetize it my my opinion. Is it fair use, it I think it probably is and here's why I, because a big thing of fair use is market harm, which means art, is the person stealing basically money that otherwise would have been yours right like if Louis Vuitton, if someone is making a fake, Louis, Vuitton and selling it? That's that's market harm because you're actually selling an actual fake one instead of the orig right. But in this case, if you watch Felix playing a game and then you feel like playing it, you're gonna go and buy the game. There's a counter argument that says: if you play through the whole game, people are gonna watch you play it. Instead of buying the game like what the game is meant to be played right and if you wanna play, you still have to buy it to play exactly and that's the difference between a movie and a video game. Yeah is that you have to buy it to play it to get the full experience. You know, I do think it's fair use because, as ela said, the mark on the whole there's no way. First of all, there's no way to measure it, but if you could, you would see own probably a hundred cent of the time that people are gonna, buy the game way more as a result of you playing it online. So there's that then there's the other part that says. Is it transformative? That's actually the most important question when it comes to fair use, along with the one that you pose, is it transformative I think it is I mean absolutely I mean I, don't think it's even debatable. Really I mean people are watching for for PewDiePie. In this case to play the game they could watch anybody play, but they decide to watch him because they like what he adds to it. Do you think that anyone would watch asile mean okay, sure, maybe it does exist, but what do you think this would be extremely popular? Do you think a video of someone silently playing through this guy's game would get 6 million views yeah, it's tough! It's it's no is my answer, because it's very personal into you, yeah exactly so I do think that it is probably fair use. Even though there's never been a definitive decision by a judge as far as I'm aware so I think this guy is kind of and again this guy's muttering muddying the water he's making he's really [ __ ] this up this question because he's taking like um he's taking it too far, he's muddy in the water. It's like it's like. Let's end PewDiePie his career, I'm gonna talk to other game developers, yes, and ask them also to take down the video and and and he's bending his moral, that the kind of the moral compass of saying like it's, okay, to take retribution and possibly like he's opening such a can of worms yeah and that's just totally fine with him and he's tweeting about it, which makes me think that he just wanted a piece of the drama he does. He left it up. Look it's probably the most like tweet. By far seventeen thousand likes I've everyone's saying yeah, [, __ ] that who haven't thought it through. They just want revenge, but I think this guy is actually kind of a piece of [ __ ], you think I, don't know him. I know maybe just based on this twist- maybe he's a fine person, but like dude I, don't know man. This is not. This is not cool like it's a whole can of worms. You can't you can't approach like that. For all the reasons we've discussed, so I thought this was kind of an interesting conversation. I'm just like what is going on here. Is it legal? Is it fair use? I, don't know so that all being said last time you were right on time about to call our guest up last time, Felix was making Nazi jokes, okay and I'm I'm a Jewish person, so I felt extremely um trying to pull his number up. Yeah I felt extremely qualified one sec here, I felt extremely qualified to address it and now we're talking about using the n-word. That's not a word that affects me personally, so I do think that, instead of just being a bunch of white people in here circle jerking about something that we really don't have any any relevant issues to take with it that we should probably get the input of a black person and see what they think so with that being said, let's have our first segment of roll, it Dan [Music], so I'm calling up our boy here. Hopefully he answers nice to have you on dude, it's good man, so we're talking about the petabytes PewDiePie thing. I was just telling everybody about how you got bamboozled about a month ago. What happened I'm curious about the email? Well, anyway, let's get to the issue at hand here. So, as I was saying, we were all talking about Felix's use of the n-word, and the point is like we're all a bunch of white people and I feel like we can talk about it, but we're not really. Personally, we don't have a personal stake in it and we can't say that we're affected by it. So I guess I want to ask you. Were you offended by what Felix said you know I think it's worth saying. Obviously, people in the world just like coming out here. You know upon their racial profile. You know, so you don't when you first saw that other hurricane, just what we need. Yeah I, think I. Think a lot of us shared that just generally shocked, like I, mean just yeah, and now a lot of the counter-arguments I've been seeing a lot of people saying stuff like it's just a word: don't give it power or something like when people are playing video games they're just looking for the worst most insulting word to find, but they don't mean it. One actual comment: I saw in a video was dude. He just got pissed at a game and called someone an n-word, but he wrote it out. Is it really that big of a deal like? How would you respond to those counterpoints, probably mostly being made by white people, to sit back and label it as it being just a word? You know what I mean like you can't like: okay, like, for example, I sit back and I play video games or should I have to goddamn fool and stuff. You know I mean you know, I would never if I'm playing right. You know like a Mexican person or like a Hispanic person depending like a game of madden right I would never come out and be on Sonic, so I would never come out and be a bumpin insulting all right, and so do you think like in general, do you think people are more offended by this? You know yeah yeah and so I've seen a lot of people saying stuff. Like you know, it's take it's good to take the power away from the word so like Felix. It shouldn't have that much power shouldn't have that it's taking the power away like what are your thoughts and people like? Oh it's good. He said that it takes the power away from the word and we shouldn't give words that much power. Is it like I've seen a lot of people countering by saying it's good, that Felix said it because it takes power away from the word, and we shouldn't give words that much power? What are your thoughts about that? You know it's a racist, [, __ ] word the racial word and have a long history behind it. You know what I mean and there's no such thing well, and these for me like there's no such thing as saying: oh well, giving power behind all right so and then, and then kind of a follow-up like. Are you familiar with idubbbz and how he made this video using the word? You know, okay, so that was we'll browse that, and so you saw his apology video. What did you think about it? You know, that's not me just coming out and blowing smoke up his ass or anything like that. You know like I, said to be, like you know, my mom. We always you know you know like we were we're, always really good at you know, reading between the lines and stuff and knowing people are bullshitting like I've seen that video and I felt like he was centrally and genuinely honestly right. Sorry, I really did you know what I mean and, like you know, I felt it I felt like a heartfelt, a [, __, ] apology and I - I mean I, know Felix like personally and I also I mean I could see right after he did it. He saw he's like [, __, ] I can't believe I did that and I and I do think that the apology was was super. Genuine -, I'm sure he's feeling like a total piece of [ __ ] right now. Well, good. That was awesome. Man thanks for calling in appreciate it eat that [ __ ], four, four five. Let me put a link in the description. Brian appreciate you. God bless you dude thanks for going. We finally collabed for real, hey I'll talk to you, buddy thanks man that was Doug. Brian yeah, that was cool, yeah I like his take on it he's it's refreshing, I mean like he's real about it. Obviously and I do think it's important to acknowledge. Like he's not, he doesn't represent every black person. Of course, there's one guy he's one guy, but anyway, what can't one more? Can you say that was no. He can also take callers and get all this take. Some calls here, yeah. That's here, I love that guys, cello man he's he's hilarious. I stand by what do we got? Let's take a call from Debbie Jamal Debbie talk to me. What's good, hey I had a coach and he got in here. Dan god, damn it Dan Ian! This is it in the interns fault? Is it the speaker not hang with us Debbie, no problem? Okay, there, you are I, hear you, oh yeah, yeah sure so I had a quick question for you guys. Yes, so when it comes to the Felix situation, do you guys feel pressured to weigh in on these kinds of issues? And how do you feel with having to take a stance on such a touchy issue with the large and potentially sensitive audience? Thanks for the question appreciate you thank prom yeah. It's rough man I! Don't it's heart! It's always hard for anyone to talk about this stuff, because it's so polarized and it's so you have to walk on eggshells because and especially the show being live right. You have to be super careful about what you say so nothing. You know, but in this case look I'm just saying how I feel my opinion on these kinds of conversations, especially when it's live. It's like I'm I'm, just gonna, be honest, mm-hmm I'm, just gonna say what I feel and if somebody wants to hold that against me, then that's just who I am okay, just got to be honest. Do I feel pressure to talk about this stuff. I mean well our fans, certainly a lot of times. We'll will put a lot of pressure that one way or the other, but usually you do what you feel like that yeah I think sometimes I feel like there's something interesting to say about it. Sometimes I feel like there's nothing to add and I don't want to get involved, so I mean there's always a certain amount of pressure, but usually it just comes down to what we feel is the best way. Thank you for your question. Appreciate you. Next up, we've got Haley from New Zealand Haley talk to me tell it was good, get this question across right: we're going to take a little bit so I'm from New, Zealand and I'm not had to receive educated Americans rights and black civil rights. I really see choice, I'm, not ignorant, but it's not part of my culture offering I could ask for an American and so I've seen a couple of comments talked about Felix, think I'm, Sweden and they're affecting his understanding about how. If the embalm is right, I don't agree with it, but like do you think people come into the community, have an obligation to not be ignorant. That's all of the offenses. That kind of a great great question. Thank you. So much no problem. We were talking about that and it was a great question. Okay, so you have someone like Felix who absolutely 100% does not get a pass. He's practically American the guy's been on YouTube for ten years. He knows he lives in the UK. He knows what's going on here. He knows the power and behind that word, then, on the opposite side of the spectrum. You have someone like ela who lives and who's grown up in Israel and doesn't live with or even understand the context they don't speak. English I mean we do speak English, but not the same way, not the same way that like Swedish people in the part of Europe and he lives in the UK yeah he's on the internet like ela, genuinely didn't understand the issue. Yeah I feel, like I, actually learned a lot about it very recently, because Bill Maher said it on his show by mistake kind of -. It was more of a joke, so it was different. Wasn't a mistake: yeah it was a joke yeah, but everybody got a lot of [ __ ] for it and Ice Cube came on his show. To talk about it and confront was powerful. It was very powerful. He said that and like I understand that it's a word, but you know you shouldn't use it visit- is what he said: yeah if it doesn't affect you, if you're not involved in it, you shouldn't yeah, it's kind of like if you're Italian and you have your own slang, you can use it, but I won't use it because I'm, not one of you, so Brett, you don't use our word yeah when you say for some people it means really terrible stuff. Yeah I mean one of the things that you'll always said to me was like. Why can they say it shouldn't be not okay for everyone to say and it's like well, you know. Let me [ __ ], give you a whole years of history that we all grow up with so I think in some cases you definitely can get somewhat of a pass. If you're a foreigner like a Chinese person straight off, the boat is not going to understand. They probably hear the N word thrown around and hip-hop and stuff like that, and they they there's no way. They understand the context they could walk upright to a black person and say that say: hey n-word and not even know that they're being offensive, because in hip-hop they use it as a term of endearment mm-hmm. But someone like Felix does not he's a 100% liable for what he said. In my opinion, given his his background and- and you know whatever so anyway, thank you guys. Two female callers, Hey yeah, those female callers that 90% male demo get freaked cool. Well, that was a a wild ride that was cool I, think that was a fruitful good conversation. I felt good about that. Thank you to the callers and especially to Bryant mm-hmm links in the description to his channel and there's one more thing. I want to talk about here before we go on break, we've got a lot more show left. So if you leave something terrible will happen to you. This is a curse on you. If you leave there's all these like OCD like super CAS, people who are like I can't stop watching. That's this one. You have to share this with 10 people or your courage. Dude! That's right! 100 people shared or you're cursed for a thousand years of bad poops. It's usually bad sex I, prefer sloppy poops hundred years about sloppy poops. The lawsuit is over. We were in post settlement negotiations, so we couldn't talk about it, but the documents are signed, sealed and delivered and we are no longer being sued. We are free at last free at last. I am gonna talk about it and, of course it wasn't without some ridiculous, Matt Goss shenanigans. So the first time we made this offer, which is a pretty standard offer, and it might be a very generous of us yeah to offer him the terms of we will not suit you for attorneys fees. If you, if you pledge not to appeal the decision, because I think that we were gonna win both of those frankly, if we wanted to stick it out, and so he says first, his counters response was like and it always comes with a stipulation like you have one day to decide. His first counter response was like I'll. Do it, but your clients have to agree, never to make videos about me. Yeah never talk about me or make a view about me. I, don't remember the I think it was don't make a video about me again. Don't use my can't tell you and I can't yeah, and so I'm like, like I, have no intentions of making more Matt Haas videos. But what like, what the [ __ ]? Are? You buddy dictating the judge and we just wind argument like if it's fair use, I'm allowed to use it yeah and I will use your content. Yeah he's like okay, I understand you just won this long, drawn-out expensive lawsuit. So I'm. Will he settle in the terms that you completely undo the whole point of this? So obviously we're like no I have no intention making pretty but nope. So we pass and her lawyers like all right. Let's sue this [ __ ] and then the next day the next morning we got another one and he says okay, I've been working on my client. His attorney says he's willing to accept the terms, but you can't discuss the terms in terms of the settlement like a [, __ ]. Ah you're, not you boss. Did you not get the memo that you lost and if I can't discuss the terms, it basically opens it up to like speculation, yeah I can never say anything about it ever again: yeah I. Imagine us, like people, ask us any lawsuit updates and we can't talk about. I can't talk about it and how bad does that sound? No, we won, he lost. We made the offer an act of generosity and he accepted it. So he made that offer more. Like you know what no we're gonna consume. You must go to the [ __ ] Appeals. Let's do it and then the next morning, yet again he's like okay I accept your terms and we were on the fence at that point. Like man, I, don't know if I want to give it to this guy, because we already made like two good well efforts to resolve this, but you know it's like it's another year. You know if we were gonna go forward with suing him and he my feeling yeah it's another year of, and it's a headache and money a lot of money. So we were just a time stress and look as much as this is a slam dunk case when you send it to appeals, there's a chance as small as it may be, that it's gonna get a turn. Maybe you have a hundred percent chance of winning but you're dealing with the stress of thinking. There's a chance hey. So we were just like you know what also the guy doesn't have money. So we weren't gonna get our lawyer fees back yeah, but I. Don't know if that's clear, but he's he's as far as I can tell not a man with the money to pay us back a hundred thousand plus dollars. It would be a symbolic gesture and probably one that would bankrupt him and as far as I can tell if his financial situation- and so you know we just were like man this we consulted with some friends and family, and everyone was just like just end it. We have enough [ __ ] on our plate, so it's over it's all over after this long, like almost two years, it's finally over and I'll tell you what I don't wish a lawsuit on my worst enemy, Matt Hoss I! Don't wish it I, don't even wish a lawsuit on Matt, Hoss I! Guess it's not that bad. If you have nothing to lose and you're not paying for it, then it's a fun free ride, all right! Anyone else feels like tone it down, starting you can fine, whatever mm-hmm all right so guys, thanks for watching we've got a bunch a great show coming up next, oh you know, I got to thank our sponsors really fast right, see. Geek I am a big fan of this platform. See kick see. Geek is a app that aggregates tickets to live events from all over the web to make buying simple. They put a 0 to 100 score on each ticket to let you know if you're getting a good deal or a bad one. Green equals good red equals bad. This is so cool, say: you're buying tickets to Dodger Stadium, wherever you can actually on their website, get an actual view. Like a 360 view, I think it is from that seat. You can really see exactly their experience. You're gonna get there's no surprises where you think you got a good ticket and it's a shitty one. You get to see where you're sitting it's a really cool idea, an app view from seat lets. You see where you're gonna sit guys, go to seat geek.com and use the code h3h3 to get $20 off your first order. There's a link in the description click below to download the app I. Think these guys are great I'm. A fan and I think that you guys are gonna. Have a great experience using this website, see geek.com use, CO 2, H, 3, H 3 for $20 off your first order. I mean it's like you know: there's a lot of aggregating sites out there, but they're all freaking. Basically, the evil empire from Star Wars building a Death Star to try to destroy the supplant it can I get a amen, amen. Alright, so thank you to see. Geek, if you guys are about to go, see a show, consider going there and using our coupon code h3h3 next up. I want to thank our wonderful, oh, my god. I love them -, which subscribers, oh my god, mark cosmic. Just thinking about you know he was leaving I'm gonna, be thinking about y'all. That's weird nope! It's not weird! It's beautiful everyone who subscribes via twitch. It helps us a lot and I love you for it. Thank you for doing that. You can do it by it's. Actually, apparently, you get a 50% discount during the month of September. If you want to subscribe, it's only 250 instead of five dollars or if you have Amazon Prime, you can connect it to twitch and subscribe for free every month. Thank you so much it's free money go to free money, calm, slash, h3, that's not a real domain! Don't go there and, of course, sponsored by us h3, h3 shop. Comm pick up some shirts that help support the nation check it out. H3 h3 shop comm we're going to update some new shirts coming up here soon to everyone who has bought a shirt. I just want to say we are about to start printing them. The ones we sold were a pre-sale there's our first time ever making shirts. We had no idea how many to order, and basically, if you order too many, it can turn into a kind of a disaster, because you have to pay fulfillment services to keep it in the warehouse. So we had no idea what to expect this. First one was a pre-order, the next one's when we drop them in like a week or two are gonna, be immediate, so I'm, sorry for the delay to all you guys, helping support us over there, they'll be there coming I promise and in the future, they'll be immediately available. So everyone who's chooses to support us at a street shop. Calm. God bless you, okay, we are going to take a quick break, but coming up we have got great videos, great stories, lots of laughs, couple gifts and I'm, there's a booth, one booth guess which ones the booth I know so we'll be back in a short couple of minutes, guys don't go away or there'll, be a thousand-year curse on your family. I, don't know if it's worth saying on the record again for the for the final draft, but the main counterpoint I always hear. Is it's just a word and I do think that that's true to an extent, the extent being, let's not ruin his career mm-hm over this because he's not like an active racist person, but at the same time, let's not treat it like. It's the same thing of saying you suck mm-hmm cuz, it's not that either I mean the truth is somewhere in the middle. It's just a word to an extent, it's not the same as shooting of black people, because you hate black people. Obviously look at that word. 22222 y'all are D [ __ ] holy God Fupa nation's strong super troopers for life, all right. Let's move it on you guys. Let's, let's have some fun now we got serious, listen, let's bring it down. Ted Cruz y'all know him. You love him. This is the man who ran for president who coughed up a tonsil stone on his lip and ate it in a live debate. You guys have seen that clip right. It's [ __ ], horrifying Ted Cruz he's eight tonsils. This [ __ ] is disgusting. Okay, take a look here. Folks, I can't watch it. It's honestly, [ __ ]. First look at its face: oh god, why is it chunk on his lip and what does he do well? Slow down yeah well anyway, get to the point like yeah. Oh god, I feel nauseous, not even a comedy gag, just straighten awesome, nausea ISM. So anyway, that's Ted, Cruz. Okay! This is a fundamental Christian guy who ran his platform as a man of God. Dude has gone on record, saying that masturbation is a sin against God and the pornography should be burned. This man on Twitter likes a post where a god damn of a mom walking in I, heard I actually didn't walk, but I assume a mom walked it on her daughter getting bound and she starts masturbating and watching. So what I have to assume is that it was late at night, dude was having a good old FAQ and he accidentally I. Look the editing over this bowl. Breaking news. Monkey covering his face should I blur this more or is this covered enough? It's right! It's completely covered right. What I'm a did? He not know that, like some public, oh I'm, sure it was an accidental like it's an accidental heart that happens to me. Sometimes I'm, scrolling or I'm, looking at something and you'll you'll hit tap the heart yeah, but usually you'll notice, right and then, unlike not, if you just jerked on now. If you just say jack elated and it's you know: 1:00 a.m. the family, its asleep he's in his office. The doors closed, there's a flicker of light coming through the glass door, it's frosted, so they can't tell what he's doing in there need to see it. Flicker of light he squirts one out, he's relaxed, he's sedated. He didn't realize that you know oops I flicked that that hard one, so he goes to bed peacefully. I! Think there's a chance. He actually it doesn't know. That's to me seems insane that on his official Ted Cruz he's a u.s. senator presidential candidate likes pornography on Twitter, huh I think he was supposed to fab sedation and because it was up for like five or six hours. So he clearly like went to bed right after liking that which supports my theory and then he wake kitty. Then he removed it at like 5:00 a.m. or something so [ __ ] great. Can we just talk Elena, and let me just make this clear watching porn and masturbating is completely fine activity that I encourage everybody to partake in Ted Cruz, on the other hand, is a piece of [ __ ], who goes out saying that masturbation is against God and let's burn dildos and he's out there. [ __ ], watching incest, porn like this, wouldn't be a story really. If the dude wasn't out on the soapbox. Talking about porn is evil so, which is, it is the dick in your hand, Ted in your pants yeah we caught. You know how they say. You know you say you were caught red-handed. He was caught to be handed so anyway, [ __ ]. This hypocrite, you jerk off, like the rest of us and your [ __ ], holier-than-thou, soap box, you piece of [, __ ], you jerk-off, you're, sick and God hates you for it. Jesus will not forgive you for this one Ted, that's funny. People can hear and laughing in the background who's laughing. That's big walls, killing it Jesus will not forgive you this time. Ted watch this, but and if that's not enough, watch him reenact a scene from The Princess Bride, for example, one of my favorite scenes. What's the context of this by the way, it's just, for example, one notice he does this thing where he's always doing impressions thinks he's like a thespian or some [ __ ] favorite scenes is, is when Wesley the dread private Robert just brought into Billy Crystal and he's dead and Billy Crystal explains eyes only mostly dude, and then he pumps with this old guy. Looking at completely an earnest like what the [ __ ] bellows that says. So why is it you have that assault worth living for the press is on his chest, a smile and then he got montoya cuz. You see he said Trula. There is nothing better than true love. He's literally reenact together for the movie to make a point. I think he forgot. That's not what he said. What he said was to blade and to blade means to Bluff. So what happened was you were playing poker and he came in and then suddenly Carol Kane, his wife runs in. He goes laia his material. That's the part that kills man he's getting laughs, he's reenacting a movie, get on with it Ted. Why? Don't you go jerk off to some incest porn you [, __, ] freak God doesn't love. You anymore tone it down to stronger anyway, love that story, and thank you. We. She was an actor yeah. Well to be an actor. You got to uh [ __ ] little boys. That's the thing too apparently maybes it like that's a whole thing and all they would write. Alright, let's get off this Jim Carrey trippin balls, you guys, maybe I've seen this one and spicy it's hot as Brendan Carrie everybody's talking about this clip number 41 on trendy, Jim Carrey sounds off on icons and more at the New York Fashion Week 2017 II live from the red carpet. Yes, I've covered a lot of Fashion Week's. This is the first time I've run in to Jim Carrey, wait tell me, or is it sure, you're wandering the streets? You need a date to the party with them. Fine, just you know, there's no meaning to any of this. So I I wanted to find the most meaningless thing that I could find come to and join and Here I am I mean you gotta admit it's completely meaningless. Well, they say they're celebrating icons inside British icons, boy that is just the absolute lowest aiming. You know, possibility that we could come up with it's like icons, I'm too a little torn on this clip because I want him. Well, he it goes on and on I know everyone's like saying he's like this [ __ ] for doing and sticking it to the icons, but it's like a little - I'm 14- and this is deep he's also like objectively looking from her angle, he's just gone up to this chrome, be like everything you care about [, __, ] sucks and his pointless yeah, although apparently I heard that she set him off by being like. Are you looking for a date or like where's your girlfriend cuz? Apparently he had a girlfriend who killed herself recently, really so I don't know. What's going on, that's really tasteless! If that was them yeah, that's pretty rough. So I can understand him getting pissed at that. What do you do believe in icons, I believe in personalities, I, don't believe that you exist, but there is the part where I suspect things. We did a couple. Dozen icons have the power to make change to think differently to be bold, to inspire others, artistry you're, one of them on the good foot you shut it down now. Yeah personalities, I believe that piece flies beyond personality beyond invention in disguise, beyond the red s that you wear on your chest, that makes bullets bounce off. I believe that it's deep, tough interview you got really dressed up good love that yeah and I gotta use that more of my common parlance and there's no, you know we're not here. It's all those guys. Looking up he's on drugs, I feel like it's a little I, don't know how to feel bad I, don't think yeah, Oh, Satan, Jim Carrey's out there sticking it to the man yeah I agree, but I can also I'd, probably imagine why he went like Fashion. Week I've never been to it, but I know like the fashion world is so like yeah mother died and yeah everyone. There is superior than everyone else. That's true that may be a car she's, a good point. Why did he bother to get into a really nice tuxedo yeah? He could have gone in like you know, board shorts and sandals and a white t-shirt. Would they have let him in a Jim Carrey? They would have let his ass in right, yeah, I, think so so I don't know kind of interesting, though regardless elevant. That's not that here's the thing it's not our world a bit of a second delica. We don't man here. Okay, it's a bit, though. On the other hand, it's a it's a pretty solid bit, so it's funny! God bless him out there I hope, you're doing good. I was really sad to hear about his girlfriend who, who who commits suicide, that's flocked and that's stuff. Christ. That's got to do a number on your head. Eh! It's like damn was I that rough [ __ ]. It's got to get in your head. That's got to be a total mind. [ __, ] anyway, I, don't think so get off idiot. Then right, no I. Don't think that I, don't think. That's probably sad. Did that happen. I, don't think. Is yes, but it's gotta be mixed with a lot of other complicated emotions. Your significant other kills themselves. I, don't know what was their relationship? No I actually don't know anything about it. No I was talking like I'm in on a high level, if your significant other kills themselves that caught it like being that significant other diets got it, at least in your head, say a lot about you. If it's a serious relationship, they could have been together for two months. Yes, fossa fall. I know you want to find out. Can you guys do some research living limb? Let's find out the details on that next up, you know what I am so [ __ ] pissed and over all of these tech companies leaking my data Equifax. You guys heard about this, probably the one of the largest. What did they? They do. Like credit checks, announced that a hundred and forty three million us-based users had their personal information compromised. That's more than half of United States adults. Okay, attackers reportedly exploited a vulnerability on Equifax websites to steal names, Social, Security numbers, birth dates, addresses and, in some cases, driver license credit cards for approximately 200,000 people in CERN dispute documents, identifying information and approximately at 182 thousand of those people were accessed. This is life ruining [ __ ]. Are you [, __ ] kidding me to add insult to injury Equifax waited over a month before revealing the security had been suffered? Do you know how many times these freaking giant tech companies have leaked our [ __ ], our phone number? Our passwords are law like man. These guys need to be held accountable for this [ __ ], but it's the problem is that you agree to use their services or platforms. So you know we need some. It something's got to give here because these services are becoming. You know almost like utility yeah. You know it's like yeah I use, Facebook yeah, I use Twitter that it doesn't. It doesn't give you the right to just share my private information. I mean just recently. There was an Instagram leak where some hackers got a got the API and were able to steal people's phone numbers. Just anyone. Anyone on Instagram, that's pretty much everybody just take you, okay! No thanks! Thank you get a email, a casual email. Just so you know your account was compromised, and now everyone in the world has your phone number. If you have any questions, please email me at got him: don't care Lal, no accountability at Instagram, calm! Damn what do you got for us? So I looked up the Jim Carrey thing and I guess so this was actually a couple years ago in 2015 that it all went down and basically it was actually shortly after they broke up, which probably makes it even more painful, because I mean it sound, it was mutual or whatever, but he might have like dumped her and then, literally days later she killed herself Wow. Do you having it for information about how long they were together? It says, let's see oh wow, and this was in Sherman Oaks. Oh, this was in LA. It doesn't say how long they were together. Let me know if you find that yeah people were saying that he's he's being blamed for being involved in her suicide grab, a ball I'm, not sure I want it yeah. You can do your own research on that gumshoes I'ma stay out of this one, but I I totally understand that, like that's, got to be traumatic and I can completely understand. If he's uh unwinding from that anyway, back to Equifax, they made a website where you can check to see if you were affected, but they make you enroll in their anti-fraud program, which requires you to put in your social security number and your last name. Good luck, [, __, ], trusting them with that information. So to find out, if you were hacked, you need to type your social security number and your name to the people who have no respect for your privacy. Can we reflect on the fact that the largest firm of holding personal information of almost every American just got hacked by some [ __ ] goddamn good check this out? If you do choose to sign up for the credit monitoring service, you must agree to submit any complaints against Equifax for leaking your [ __ ] to arbitration. You can't sue on your behalf and you can't join a class action case or benefit from any class action settlement. Then Equifax agreed to so essentially they're, saying oops. Sorry, sorry that you're about to become the victim of identity theft. Thanks to us, we are offering this free service to protect your identity, but by signing up for this free $10 service, you agreed not to sue us or be a part of any class-action suit. [ __ ] off go bankrupt. Let another company take your place that actually respects people's privacy go bankrupt, I'm angry anyway. If you were affected it, you want to see if you're affected, you can't actually go to trusted part or what the [ __ ] is. This I don't know trusted premier comm slash eligibility. You can just type in your social security number name and see if you're affected sub s. We've got another one. Here, I was meeting to watch this video for a long time actually mean he that we're planning on making a full-on reaction video to this on our main channel. But is this the one you watch, o Queen blaze, yeah I, heard about this video by Queen blaze? Why? Just why? H3 digital blackface I heard it's good, my what oh that's one! That Dan was talking about it's kind of long, so I'm not gonna, watch it. But I heard it's a good one, so someone made this incredible animation and we were meaning to make a diddly dang and reaction video, but we just don't have any time because eel is leaving tomorrow. So we'll watch it here. Let's do it all competition they're on a circuit Oh. What's the name of the guy by the license? Give this guy some credit name is Andy front films. Can you guys post that, in the comments I'll put it in the description for YouTube only took like three months to make this vision? Are we no - cell yeah we're in a prison cell I? Don't know that? That's how Holocaust museums work I, don't think that [Laughter] [Music] you that's! We good job um like make it look like Brock, although he did put DJ Khaled sandals, which I don't wear for the record the details matter you it's a real video of Venice Beach that he transported earth transposed me on. That's so cool you Cloudy with a Chance of red bell, pepper, okay, wonderful, hey, goddamn, dude, front films, and that was amazing. He says in the description: I: don't endorse anti-semitism by the way, mm-hmm, not sure why he felt compelled to make that statement, but I'm glad he did it I'm glad! That's on the record. That was awesome. Man! Thank you. So much dude and I was so good. It was a special thing. Three months, I believe that that was so much more well. I mean that that pretty much does it I've got a yeah. The pretty much does it for today. So again, though, that was a wild ride. Special thank you to eat that [ __ ] for chiming in and sharing his opinion. Thank you to Ian the intern for not completely [ __ ] it up today, yeah. So you know him that I know evolved to hear from Dan about how badly [ __ ] up and Sarah are switcher mm-hmm for switching it up. I'll scream at you later, I notice, you [, __, ] out, don't think I didn't notice, basically I'm a great boss anyway. Thank you. Everyone for tuning in I hope you guys had a lot of fun. I again, as I said, I really appreciate you guys coming and making us a part of your week. It's a beautiful special thing. I, don't take it for granted. Thank you guys. So much for coming and sharing this Tuesday afternoon with us. Ela is leaving tomorrow. I'm sad, hopeless, she'll be gone for two weeks. We've never done this before. Where you staying like work without me, never the only time we were separated since, like you came here initially was when you went to Israel and I was moving right behind you yeah they started making videos. How long has it been since we've been like separated must have been like seven years. Yeah. Oh I come back I'm, not gonna survive. It's gonna be in like a pile of dirty baby, wife. Maybe I'll call in the podcast link. Oh yes, we have the heavy look all in any way and everybody who helped support us on tilta, fine, we're up to 220 mm super trouper nation is the strongest army in the world. Jake Paul is back the [ __ ] off and get dabbed on idiots. All right see you guys on Friday. We have jacksFilms and Eric we're gonna have a lot of fun and guys. We love you yeah, so Tata until next time get dab dog dab on those I love, [Music].