Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live it's a little ditty in my heart today, because we are live over at twitch.tv Ford, /, H, Street productions, every Friday! Thank you. Everyone for tuning in today's episode is sponsored by me unto youth, kaptara, lift and mana creep. God bless. You also got some fresh merch up today, some fresh hot merch, including, but not limited, to vaping Santa Christmas sweater. You know when, when Christmas comes I want you to wear this at your house and freak your nan out, she's gonna say what the hell is: Santa doing young Billy, you say Nana, you don't understand you old hag. What? What do you tell your parents when you want to wear this on the holiday? It's just a Santa in the cloud I think it's innocent! Honestly we were torn on it were like. Is this not? Is this too far? Santa? It's not like Santa shooting meth, it's not Santa! With a heroin needle in this yeah, it's vaping. It's a cloudy day. It's a cloudy day vapenation anyway. We thought it was a little bit of a gag. So that's up on a shoe. A shoe shop, I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving appreciate you all so very much for coming out and spending your day or evening if you're in Europe with us. What a joy and privilege it is to share this time with you. God bless you. We did have a guest schedule today, Bert Kreischer, but he had to cancel for personal reasons, so blessings to him. Papa's blessings to be specific and work, but we're gonna be kicking out old school me Neela, yep top of the week top at a freaking year, because we have so much to talk about and some exciting news too previously we had a calling system through discord. But honestly nobody knows what the [ __ ] discord is and you had to be subscribed on Twitch and we kept getting like the same temp people I mean bless your hearts and everything then would explain, and as soon as it's done, people would say wait how I wouldn't be able to figure it out yeah. So here's the great news, danke I, actually don't have the phone number. We have a public phone number, so anybody can call it now. Poor ian is going to be on the brunt of everyone trying to call him, but he's gonna sort it out dan. Can you say the phone number? What is it we're gonna put it on screen right now: hey sit, okay, great, so call this number. If you'd like to engage with us in any conversation we're alive baby. This is live. Should we do it first, one like like yeah: let's take a call like right now so calling anyway, I'm really excited about this cuz. It's like a real radio show. Now you know we don't have to you know: I've been going like discord yeah, so my head story today that I want to talk about is in our last episode with post Malone. We were watching a live stream of Patrice Wilson's and he scared the living god. Out of me for those of you who missed that episode, we were watching he's jumping into screen now. What does that mean? It's gonna look at calls. Oh yeah he's getting water. How happy is in right now so in the last episode of you guys, missed it? Patrice Wilson, who's, someone we hadn't made videos before in the past, he's a little creepy guy and they all have a bit of a pedo vibe. So this was years ago. I don't know if the guys actually diddling kids I mean how could I know that, but it's the insinuation, yeah there's, never been anything actual yeah, no I! Think it's a joke right. It's a joke! Anyway, he's deleted all the chump videos on his channel started a live stream with our channel name in the title h3h3 and it was super creepy. We pulled up the live stream on post Malone was here and the countdown faded to a shower curtain, a live stream of a shower curtain, a really creepy seedy one, and it was like shots of him walking through a graveyard. It kept getting weirder and weirder after we finished the stream. There was like him walking in the you know: in a dark Street and like mumbling stoppage to himself yeah kill I mean at first I was like. Oh, this is, but then it kept happening and people were saying in the comments like you should probably start taking this seriously like at what point do I informed the authorities or YouTube or so on that this guy has lost a couple of screws and he's coming after me? Well, I, wasn't I, wasn't super scared, but later I think it was the next day he had changed the countdown because it was originally counting down like 300 hours, till December first at midnight, and so he uploaded a video on his channel and he changed the countdown to two hours and he uploaded this video and it scared the living Christ out of me. Well, it's so low that you can actually see the image on this monitor, but it's a it's a graveyard. It's a looping image of a graveyard and in the description it says, Ethan like before he hadn't called me up. I named the H THC, it could have been incidental, maybe part of whatever his uh and he added a second countdown. So there were two countdowns yeah one was for that day, which was Saturday the day after the podcast. So I'm sitting at home, trying to relax after a long stressful week and I've, got Patrice's livestream open with my [ __ ] name and a close-up reoccurring of a rainy, tombstone and I'm thinking to myself, I'm freaked. Okay, if you don't know what this guy looks like, let me show you who the [ __ ] is. After me, this is Patrice Wilson peeking in the window of a 12 year old girl, pretending to be mr. Rogers. Okay. This is who's after me, writing Ethan in the description, dudes, okay. So there was a countdown and it was for like sometime in the evening. Maybe eight I was something about and we were at home yeah and we kept watching it and just doing whatever we were doing thinking like maybe it's creepy, maybe it's stupid and then, as we kept going down. It was like almost like an hour to the end of the countdown we started to get freaked out. It was when I saw my name in that yeah and I was like. You know what this is: [ __ ] up, this cool, so I'm like illa, get your [ __ ] we're leaving I'm leaving the house. I am NOT gonna get turned into Chinese food by this creepy guy. That's one of his videos. It's a reference! It's a it's a reference! It's a I like Chinese, yes, so I bounced and I wrote an email to my contacts at Google and YouTube and I and I'm so embarrassed by that email. Cuz I was genuinely like this [ __ ] is getting too weird for me to handle and I think I titled it something like urgent. A threat against my life, like that traumatic cuz, I was like I, have one minute to leave. I started getting like spice tingles down my spine. I was jittery freaked out urgent threats against my life and they're like what like what the [ __ ], like Ethan's, always been insane. I complain to these guys. So much like this. This is too much for me every day. There's an urgent email, yeah, exactly channel deleted, yeah I! Won't that's it's a combination of me being an alarmist in them. Actually, you know appreciate a platform, but probably anyway, they got this email for me and I. Think I think I still have it, but I'm like this channel was making threats against my life and he's got my name of the Todd and he's doing creepy [ __ ] in this channel. It's like not very convincing unless you were in it, yeah I can only imagine how it was received is like wow Ethan's, really losing it. I'm I'm really deeply embarrassed because he's my respect. They send this email to I, sent that off I'm freaked out I'm, not thinking I'm, we get in the car. We drive to a [, __ ] raava's parking lot and we're sitting there waiting out the timer like an hour I'm sitting in Ralph's parking lot, I'm like just playing there's people around us right and then I was expecting to like come out the back seat, yeah and then it came on and he had like a creepy voice. I've got the video up, so the countdown finally expires. Let's take some calls after this. Oh wow. We have a lot holy smokes trying to understand this. Okay still screening, this could be our ghost story, even though there's no ghosts of all the treats as the ultimate ghosts dan I thought. We were only supposed to have eight College, but there's like thirty here anyway, so the countdown expires I'm sitting in my car in the Ravis parking lot shittin bullets. Looking over my shoulder- and this is what comes on Patrice's livestream [Music]. Meanwhile I'm sitting in my car, like you, sit there meanwhile I'm sitting there in my car like this, is so stupid, like what is my life right now like listening to Patrice Wilson talk about bowling with the pitch shift on his voice, like this guy got my head, Patrice Wilson dude, but anyway, I ended up like saying, and if you think that this is about going to someone's house about trying to kill them, get that idea out of your head. You guys this was a huge drama like the BOD of us happening through this live with post has like a million views. This was a huge ordeal. There was a whole team of crack investigators on it. Yeah. That was amazing. Well, we'll explain what they found out, but I want you guys to watch this. It's no different than what you see on TV the violence you see in the wall today. You think it's no different. She watched I love, the sound of pepper Jorge was going wrong. The world I want to find the part. Where does your brother film is enough? I would not take violence. Even in the situation hey come on get here. He goes he's saying everyone watched and was just thinking something vulgar and negative when I was like. I was only walking through a graveyard, but somebody's name has made fun of me in the title. I was just saying there myself, stop it and kill, stop it. Kill h3 I want to kill, I want to wanna [ __ ] Ethan's dead party, everyone's, so vulgar jig, so I'm gonna wake up in. Like a you know, it's gonna happen. We're gonna wake up one morning and we're gonna be inside the dollhouse that that Alison gold music, that it was right. Peace inside that'd be pretty cool to see the set yeah until, like all the sudden, he starts Dave raping you everything you just went up in that video, so story. First. Yes, so I suggest that you keep on digging finding the clues. While you doing it [Music] stay positive anyway, you know he's real inspiring and all that good job, good job Patrice. You got me out of my [ __ ] house on a Saturday night. It was the first time in months. I'll say that at least anyway, so yeah I was like he's not trying to kill us. Apparently what didn't he say that mm-hmm to disarm us have the decency to stay positive. So all these crack detectives went to work to try to decode this, and here let me show you this: the investigators yeah, the investigators. Let's see they were like up one Dischord all night. Let me read this one of the discord detectives checking in so since the HP podcast last night, over 300 people joined in the official patrece countdown discord, Ethan locked the doors and get out and go get in the parking lot of Rob's. Your life's in danger cryptic live stream from Patrice around 15 of the dedicated members formed the detectives who worked around the clock and constantly dug up the location. Patrice was walking around, so he showed himself in the gray very show himself walking around a house with ladders and [ __ ] I'm gonna assume mostly have you seen the video yet yada yada, so these these rain men god bless them. They found exactly on Google Maps satellite images where in the country it was they identified all the locations yeah that he was showing, so he wasn't in LA. So that was a little bit of a was a little bit of a relief, but then he says hold on. Our original leads were to trap. What is the shower curtain, video and what's moving behind it? Where was the cemetery who was walking around? Where was the road he walked down? Where was the house we walked around for the first few hours? This was all we had, but the detectives quickly found the path he walked down. The house we walked around in the semi he was at, but we couldn't find the link. Then Patrice leaked a couple: more videos, a girl running through a force being shot at holding a baby doll and then him sitting in a dark room, seemingly talking to voices in his head saying, stupid, Billy Shh, while the negativity brighten up there's clearly nothing sinister going on here. This videos were transcribed in the names were researched for links to Patrice, who were Eric, Billy, Michael, Chris and Matilde. Were they his kids, his dogs, his children? They may never know, but there was a breakthrough. They were digging through domains under his name turns out the guy owned, some really strange ones, including my eye girl, dot, Network, my eye girl network com. What's an eye girl, it's a whole new genre. His name also came up on a website called Sonic media networks. Sonic media networks is not owned by Patrice, but is producing a show for them with a little digging revealed. They have posted a couple of trailers on Vimeo for a horror, show they're releasing on Amazon called vantage points. Couple trailers showed up, they found them it's the same curtain. It's the same girl running through the [ __ ]. Stairs you know running through the woods, and there was also a silhouette of my body. It's riddled with holes and stab wounds every trees, putting his name am I decapitated neck I've been watching too many minehunters. It was so so was solved and the guy was just doing a little bit of a gimmick tip to promote his Horror Show and on one hand like I. Don't really appreciate him using our name for publicity and freaking me out like that mm-hmm, but on the other hand, I guess I owe him one. You know we've done enough for Christ's sake. The guy can [ __ ]. Make me think. I'm gonna be murdered for one evening, fair enough, fair enough, Patrice all right. What do we got here? We got a call, hello, hello, you're on there. What I like how you doing I'm doing great we're doing great. We love being a pop, something three three, it's very enjoyable thanks, man cool! Well! Thank you good. What is your location going to be when you see the Patrice Wilson countdown go to zero? Okay? So when it goes to zero, well, tell you our location. I can't I can't say it. You know publicly, because that's a security risk, but probably at Whole Foods parking lot, hopefully we'll be we'll be in the feminine hygiene tile of Whole Foods on Ventura, and no, we were talking about that with with post Malone, the guy has guns, he's got guns, he's got swords, he's got brass knuckles, post Milan, yeah he's got a whole frickin arsenal and he's got bodyguards who are Samoan. He does I'm gonna, be there wherever that is I'm gonna, be there um. Why is it muted? What's going O? Are you there? What happened? He drops okay, thanks for the call dude. Oh you, okay, apparently, okay, that worked Ian. You should write their name Yeah right: okay, cool Dave's, question yeah. Thanks for the question, I guess so the new system works just worked, I mean it worked so yeah, that's. That was the exciting news for me. So anyway, lucky to be alive. You know thankful on this Thanksgiving Day that I am NOT being captivated captive by Patrice. So moving on, wanted to discuss Black Friday as today's Black Friday. You know what happened to Black Friday like last night after Thanksgiving, my sister was like oh they're, doing Black Friday at Target, I'm like it's, not it's Thursday. It's like people can't even get a break from having dinner with their family. It used to be that these sores had the courtesy to wait till the next day, but now the pandemonium that depravity starts right. As you put your fork down like seriously, we went there at 5 o'clock and there was like we went outside target. There was like leaves everywhere garbage low blood. It was like bloodstains, the police. Were there I'm like okay, I, don't even finish digesting my food and already it's like the [ __ ] purge down at Target, what's in target by the way, nothing literally, what isn't a target that is worth lining up, for they did actually have this, which, by the way they had a it's. It's also blood is not an ad. It's just the first time, I switch for sell in any store. That's true! The funny thing about the switch was we were. We were just there. Mostly out of curiosity. We were walking through the store, the switch was a blockbuster Black Friday deal at 299 is a fulbright. What the hell got is: scam you rotting blockbuster. So essentially what Black Friday has turned into? Is retail companies tricking you into thinking you're getting a deal? It's a great turn nation they're, not even giving you deals anymore, we're walking through Target it's like TVs. You know you save, 30 bucks people are buying blu-rays. My sister went there by blu-ray digital media, digital media. Still a thing: I got a blu-ray, unlike my DVDs are garbage I, don't wash those, but my blu-rays are killing it. You making fun of your sister and I may be watching no she's, not watching I've got a blu-ray. You know in ten years, there's gonna be beaming movies right into our brains, and physical media will be left behind when we're all shrunk. You know, what's gonna happen in the future, we're gonna run out of space and we're all gonna be shrunk into one inch tall. You know like a that's, what's gonna happen and we're not gonna be able to take our blu-rays with us. Is what I mean you know all the poor people will be huge. The rent, the rich people will get shrunk because they have more space. It's like you just watched that trailer. No, it's all the idea from Kurt Vonnegut yeah, there's this movie coming home was it called something I don't know, but they like oops I'm, Matt, Damon and I got shrunk, yeah, it's about shrunk, I, shrunk again, Oh No, shrunk yeah, but it's about Matt, Damon, downsizing down and so and like. If you have a hundred thousand bucks, you can get downsized and you get to live like a king, because everything's so cheap when you're small to live in all tiny little world, just a little tiny Forks, but and they do not have blu-rays the technology doesn't exist. You can't have a disk. This big everything else works point is who's in Target buying blu-rays, yes, yeah. My sisters hits way to close down, so I wanted to celebrate it. I I want to celebrate the act of stomping on a baby's face to save $10 on a rice cooker by showing you my favorite Black, Friday compilation, videos, cool or not. I made my own compilation. This is Ethan's finest wow you're, like a DJ on YouTube I'm, a DJ of pushing Nana down and breaking her [ __ ] hip to save $2 on a blu-ray that you won't. You will throw out nice play with I get you got to love the contrast of Thanksgiving to Thanksgiving you get around with your family you're, so grateful for my love for the love I have in my life for my family, my friends, I'm healthy, I'm, happy and then eight hours later, you're like get the [ __ ] outta. My way, granny I need to save five dollars on this television that I'm gonna put in the kitchen. Cuz I already have one in all my other rooms. My kitchen needs a TV I'm thankful for these Black Friday videos. So let's watch one well, let me give you a little twist here. This was actually when I saw from this year. They gave me a giggle. There was apparently Black. Friday is just catching on in the UK, and so they just had their first like stampede in the UK. This video absolutely blew my mind. I'm, like scared, I, don't know that UK's ready for Black Friday because look at them looking basically what happens in this retail store when they opened the doors this shit's gonna blow your mind. Let me get that back. Then. God bless the Englishmen and God bless that guy too I saw it coming they're like enjoy the Black Friday sales he's like what's Black Friday, what's I'm just here for I'm just here for a pack of gum, ok, but let's get to the face. Stomping, let's get to the point, while we're here enough wholesome [, __ ], let's get to the American Hunger Games. Just imagine if there was a black fighting in Israel. What would happen just here? We borrow polite yeah there be gunshots, be an all-out, Civil, War man. So here we go. This is takes place in Walmart. Of course, these people act like it's the last TV on earth. Maybe it is in their hearts and minds: [Music] get that TV boy get that my god get that monitor. I was about to break loose here, guys and only Ken, left and ammonia. My friends there goes that team. Get that mark. Do not let that [ __ ] take that 23-inch telezart yeah the police have to waste their goddamn time, like I swear to God a Target and Walmart. The police are just like I have to wake up and early going for my family and stake out, Target or Walmart, because I know my days for them. I'm have to taste someone this morning, Happy Thanksgiving screaming get on the ground at 5:30. In the target, god bless america. He must be broken. Somebody had mentioned that they sell all the like the electronics that didn't pass the ins inspection, so they have like the low tier [ __ ] grade electronics that they pawn off for discount on these days, so they're actually even buying even shittier electronics. Man, I, wouldn't be surprised. You got to get paid by. You know um. What do you think this is a symptom of what's wrong with us? What is wrong with America? Is this doesn't happen in other countries? What do you see here? What does this mean? America is a special place. Thank you yeah. What does it mean? People need people need their TVs right and it's on sale, family there's, just some good shows right now, I, don't know people don't get paid enough. Americans they don't get paid enough. Is this just like this right? Well again, good is real people get paid good here compared to Israel, I guess the problem in Israel is that the people who do the sales are like I'm, not putting this [ __ ] on discount, it's like greed, all around I, don't know it's just Black Friday I, just I keep hearing like the Friday song in my head. It Black Friday, Friday gonna stamp. My Nan's face gotta, save $10 on this rice cooker I love to see what they're actually squealing and [ __ ] over in these videos. Cuz, you don't expect I swear to God one of them's, a rice cooker, I swear, but, like other countries have consumerism, Europe I actually think the u.s. is very materialistic. More than other places, yeah I, don't know what is it but I feel through the air but you're right that electronics? That stuff is generally much more affordable here in America than in Europe yeah? It is you guys, may not know, but in Israel, for example, and I think. The same is true in Europe, because there's like different import taxes and stuff, but a TV that would cost like $300 here in America, will cost like 500 in Israel same with computers and laptops and cameras, and all that [ __ ] shoes clothing. So like we have it our our wages, our general higher I mean people. Don't it's hard to find a good paying job here and and it's more affordable as it just deals. Do people just love, saving that they're worth that they're willing to kick a small child on their nuts I? Don't know, I, don't know it's interesting, it's fascinating! Now! This one is gonna, absolutely shock you this one blew my socks right off my feet: ela you're not gonna, want to miss this. Can you tell me what it is they're fighting over? First of all, it looks like a little [ __ ] barbecue or some [ __ ] or like a bowl like a Tupperware like yeah, but watch just watch. What happens? I? Don't I, don't want to interrupt this one, because it's just so pure his kid. Do you see this? No. Did you see this [ __ ] witch pry it out of this Wow and she's fighting the grandma Wow? Why are you being so aggressive? You stole it from the kid she pried she's like give me this. You little [ __ ], it's like how to jingle all the way or something so I gotta have a [ __, ] parody. How is this real, daddy exactly? This is probably an otherwise like decent human being with the family and kids and a husband who sues stealing [ __ ] from a can. People are literally spilling out on a pile of crap. Can we watch it again from beginning to end as if a nuclear bomb is imminent? Okay? What is that Dan? Can you I know? What's worth it's just a pot yeah, something you look. It's just some cooker I swear to god. It's just a pan. I swear to you. Now it's a Teflon pan with a with a glass top. Okay. Imagine that and then watch this well. First of all, there's so much to see here this woman eats [. __ ], like I, haven't, eaten that [ __ ] [ __ ], like that, since I was like eight watch, how her body sprawled out and she's, like oh, my god, he just ate [ __ ], but then with their left arm. She's like well at least I got one of these watch this lady on the roof there in the green jacket. How, as a kid do you understand going on may be the best video of all time I mean I could study this. This is like well go down in the history books. It's kind of like playing something like GTA, where you can just mmm run over people like nothing makes sense. This is almost like a video game like that right, Black, Friday's, GT and real friend. This kid is just trying to understand the world he living. These are the most formidable years of a person's life and some woman. Just oh my god, wait this. Is this really well? This could be good action target. Lady meltdown I. Don't think! That's really I, don't think it's really a, but I have a blog, a lot of fun watching it all right. This is man just a mental breakdown. Let's let her. Let's have her. What kind of war I just said you live on the planet. You live in America, the most prosperous country of all time and you are you're, crushing a child for a [, __, ], Teflon, pan I, don't know it's not worth your dignity. What do I wonder is: do these people go home afterwards when they adrenalin stop pumping. You know when they're, when the discounts have stopped to seduce them. Do they have a moment of clarity like an alcoholic who's? Like or a drug addict who's like they come home, they sit on their bed and they're like oh, my god. What have I become no okay they're, just like yes, I got the pain, no she's at home cooking. Let me cook something now so Damon [, __, ] use it I, don't know. Have you ever wanted a pan that much in your life? No I? Don't ever want any pen. Just you bite when you need it, you would say that you're so privileged. You don't know what it's like to need a pan, but like just you go home and you're like I. Just what have I done. I've grabbed a pant I've crushed a child. What have I done anyway, there's so much more okay, there's so much more we're gonna! Take mice! Yeah! That's gonna, break yeah, a quick sponsor break! Thank you to them. Who makes the show possible? Thank you to watching god bless you I love you so we'll be back after this brief commercial break with a ton. More of these great videos are gonna, crush your dreams. Gonna make you lose all your faith in humanity and basically not will have kids and probably castration as well or not castration. But how do you call it when you tie your tubes, you're gonna chop, your balls off castration, all right, we'll be right back thanks guys. Thank you to me on DS. Every year, millions of people received the least like gift of all time. You know I, don't wear! Oh you do know where that is. Okay, well, listen, the family and the friends. They don't want it, but we give it to them anyway, and you don't like him because we hate him. Yes, you look that's correct, but maybe it's not the underwear that it's the problem, it's the kind of underwear! That's right! Hela! Let me tell you about me: undies, it's the only underwear that makes for an amazing gift. You can give it to people you actually like and they're. Gonna love it too, because why EULA model it's made of modal? That's right! It's soft! It's flexible! It feels like a angel, has grasped your waist line and is rising you up on its Angely wings to the pearly gates. It's three times softer than cotton. It's natural! It's sustainably sourced fiber. Okay, now listen me Andes made underwear the perfect gift that everyone's gonna love and it's a goddamn holiday miracle. They wrote that by the way, do you want to know seriously guys are about there there they they, they insisted that I use the Lord's name in vain during a Christmas wreath and that's how confident they are and their product and I'll tell you what I got angels lifting me to heaven on the skirt tails of a goddamn me on DS micro modal this year. Don't give them underwear, give me undies! So, let's add this holiday season, get your exclusive 20% off the softest underwear socks. You will ever wear free shipping. 100% satisfaction guaranteed, go to me on DS, comm, slash age 3! That's me, undies, dot-com, / h3! Thank you! So much to my good friends over at me. Undies next up, we've got lift. Oh, did you know that lift knows that their drivers are what keeps them moving. So they do. They do everything they can to make sure their drivers are happy on every trip. Guys it's a simple formula. Happy drivers mean happy passengers. Maybe that's why 9 out of 10 lyft drivers I get a perfect five-star rating. Now imagine what that's gonna do for your self-esteem right. What are you doing now? You I, don't know what what kind of job you got, but imagine you're, driving people around nine out of ten times. They love you and they're. Gonna. Tell you about it too. It's a thing. It's not a thing, it's a thankful job and we could all use it's a holiday. It's a goddamn holiday miracle. You can earn hundreds of dollars a week, plus tips want to earn more money. Drive more. It's never been easier. To give yourself a raise. Lift was the first ride share platform with tipping built right in because getting tips shouldn't depend on your passengers having a crumbled bill in their pocket. I could say that in support of lyft, like Shirou, I, never carry cash and I feel bad. This great guy give you know sometimes five stars, not enough. Sometimes I wanna give the guy reacharound know what touches genitals and tell him Shiloh it's a goddamn Christmas miracle, but you keep 100% of the tips and they add up. Fast. Drivers have been paid out over two hundred million dollars since the feature was first introduced. Twenty percent of it went to this guy Jeff he's now retired mm-hmm no I'm kidding, but Jeff's dude he's killing it. That was a joke right. Those clear and Express pay lets you get paid almost immediately. Instead of waiting for weeks, guys, lyft has taken the guesswork out of pickups. The new amp device uses color-coded to help passengers find their drivers so join the ride-sharing company that believes in treating its people better, go to lift calm, / h3 today and you can get 500 big bucks for a new driver bonus. That's lyft, l, yft, Cobb, /, H, 3, 4, 500 clams limited time only in terms apply. Thank you to our friends that lyft guys get in there and get high kaptara. Thank you to kaptara it's that time of year again, when the days are shorter, so don't waste your precious daylight, sifting through a sea of search results when looking for the right business software get home on time tonight with kaptara dot-com, whether your startup looking to keep better track of customers, a non profit hoping to have a record fundraising year or business that simply needs better payroll software. You need kaptara and kaptara they've got you covered cap tears got over 400 categories of software, discover the right tools for your business, anything from email, marketing, to scheduling, to accounting and be on so far beyond. You can't even imagine there's so much going on behind the scenes. I've kept arrow. You guys kaptara makes it easy to find what you're looking for and they got thousands of ratings and reviews from actual software users. Just like you best of all using kaptara is absolutely free. That is correct. Dealer. It's 100%, free 2018, will be here before you know it so make sure you've got the software your business needs. Today, to help you do what you do better join the millions to use kept air. That's Capt e RR, a.com, slash h3, that's cap, tear Capt, ero, Capt, erra kaptara did Isis about. Yes, you guys got it kept here, comes lush h3! Thank you to kaptara for sponsoring, dear boys and okay. Finally, thank you to man crates. This is a really interesting company. Man crates has gift baskets for men and it to you really cool stuff in a wood box, and they send you a little crowbar and they says: hey dude, you want. What's inside you bet you got to work for it are you a man? Are you manna in parent and so yes and it turns out yes, I am a man. You did manage to open it. I opened it. I got like a car wash surprise. It basically comes with a shot of testosterone in the form of opening would with the crowbar I'm, just like. Oh my god, yeah yeah I started flexing in the mirror. It's really hard to pick out the perfect gift, but all too easy to totally get it wrong. Introducing man crate, calm. The surest way to find gifts that guys will actually love guaranteed. This isn't a cheese of the Month Club or a new tie. Oh shots fired watch out new tie, guys. Man crates, offer over 100 hand, curated gift collections for every type of guy, from the rugged outdoorsman to the sports fanatic, and everything in between, for example, whiskey, appreciation crepe with a personalized D cancer in glasses for his favorite drink or a grillmaster crate with brass knuckle meat, tenderizers tenderizers you put on brass knuckles, you punch me forget it did and a cast-iron smoker box Jessica just go to man, crate comm, pick the perfect grate and choose the delivery date. It rhymes, I, didn't know they rode this in prose. Our poetry would be really guys. Listen. You may not have known this about man crepe, but both men's health and Allure magazine are saying. Man. Crate are the perfect gift for men and those who don't agree on everything and those two don't agree on anything they said I didn't realize there was Asian, apparently there's a huge rivalry between men's health and Allure magazine about so man. Crate is stuck in the middle of this beef, but they've squashed it because man crate is so great. They got thousands of five-star reviews and every man Craig comes with a 100% satisfaction guaranteed. What's the link, the link is: go to man, crate, Kampf, /h, three, four, five percent off your order, one more time. That's five percent off at man, crates calm man crates with an S at the end, man crates dot, cab, slash age. Three I had a lot of fun with man crates, it's a it's a hoot and a holler go check it out. The man in your life will be on his knees, thanking you. Thank you so much guys and now back to the story. Welcome back to the h3 podcast. We were just talking about stomping on children's faces to save $10 on rice cookers. We've got a call, an anecdote from somebody who has a story for us. Let's take a call from Eli Eli you're on the air. What's up? What's up, you got a story about Black Friday yeah, so like it was a long time ago me, my brother were both like big playstation people and when I was a little there before we had anything like that. Our uncle had a ps3. One day like we were like. Oh that, like that knew been like a Batman games awesome. So he went to Black Friday to go. Get this game right and I was like really little right, maybe like a six or seven or something like that right. We were there trying to find the game, and this like old lady. She was probably six year to 70 right. She thought I was trying to take a purse right and she grabbed my face and she had those long like fake nails. That was, people would like to get right and she left a huge scratch on the side of my god. Like shoot, I was like like like it broke, the skin I was bleeding my uncle got pissed my brother got pinched. It almost started like a riot at like this car get I love it man. It wasn't saying that was like the first time: I've gone to black market I mean, is Black Friday and so pakmar's I'm just scared. So you haven't been back since yeah, but it sounds. You have some badass like superhero scars on your face. Now, though, yeah, who did you say just clawed me in the face on Black Friday, but you can still see the scars wow man yet listen. You may have left empty-handed, but a souvenir you're, an American Hero yeah your hero, man, thanks for braving that old lady all the way we got that game one hand on my scars, holding the blob your hand on the game. I was run to that check out bro, you were in the trenches man. Taking me, lady Handan, your all-american hero. Thank you for sharing your story. I was like crawling around hidin, oh yeah, nice angle, I love! You too bro things. Okay, let's see, we have another call from Davin. He apparently grandma knocked him over and grabbed a box of diapers from him. Diapers [, __, ], I'm curious. Now Devin tell me about the diapers yeah I want to know about the diapers dude. It was one of the most craziest things I've ever experienced. You know of it like going up as like growing up as like a kid and in looking usually normal and then just you know, grabbing a box of diapers and not thinking anything of it. Then having this random wacko come up and just knock you over for some diapers. What was you know, Ellen that you really just like hit you hard as a kid? Do you remember what was the deal on the diapers yeah I? Don't even think there was a deal on the diapers, it might have been like 50% off, but nothing very, no like laid out a hit over. It's like the apocalypse like where was it or was there a riot going on at the time was: was this during the LA riots? No, it was literally just a regular Black Friday. It was like a few years back like I. Wasn't even that old, maybe like 9 or 10, and my parents were like hey just go, get the diapers just like no problem. They said you want to solo me, you never forget. Did you came back as a man? Well, that's beautiful man. Thanks for sharing that I was really poetic, appreciate you! God bless you mm-hmm Cooper Cooper, by app um. Well, it's tough out there on Black, Friday, Ainge age, ain't, nothing! But a number! That's right! 70! Take its number break your hip six formative years. You'll, never be the same age! Ain't! Nothing! But a number well said you, here's a great one, my favorites this there's this one's really good, I like it just like God. First of all, let me do it on a favor, both these [ __ ]. Again these guys they make these annotations. They know how to put them where you can't ever close them and YouTube in their infinite. Wisdom is like this is okay anyway. I'll forget about that for now. Listen closely in the background as a woman screams as if her child was just crushed under a sledge hammer. Listen to this [Music]. Did you hear that yeah who says if the pits of hell had opened up? Oh my god, is this hell on earth? No just Walmart's, Walmart, Blackburn [Music] watch this down the road Super Saiyan man. Have you ever seen. I, don't know that beyond the fields of battle in Iraq or Afghanistan and modern day, can you see anyone exert themselves with such urgency and power and resolution? As you see this kind of that right here, Reese! Isn't that guy this guy he's like see ya idiot he's just into the ground. People don't even give me [ __ ], either man, man growing up in rural America is [, __, ], weird, soon bro and then he's just back at the Lin hey. Let's go home and watch your new TV guys when we were Walmart right well, Martin right. They should put this on the jumbotron as they chant that remember who we are. You know when we were there. Looking for sales, I was like man. Do they have any like anti anti acids on sale, I, wonder if they have a showstopper on their tums, they didn't. They did I looked and like will you take for your acid reflux like did I, don't want I, don't want a. We I just want a feeling, some tums I'm gonna stock up on some tums um that one's pretty great what else you got DJ. So in my research this was actually really surprising and a lot of fun and relevant as well speaking about Patrice Wilson. For those of you who don't know he's the mastermind behind Rebecca Black's, Friday mm-hmm, and we all remember it's Friday, okay and so I was typed, Black, Friday and I sorted by top views and I spent a long time going through that list. I found possibly the most carnage I've seen in a video, and that would be Rebecca Black, Friday acoustic version, with 7.2 million views on ABC News featuring Rebecca Black and your boy Patrice Wilson. Oh my god, life comes at you fast, maybe seeing your ABC [ __ ] news bro, this [ __ ] is pure carnage. If you lost faith in humanity watching that glady rip the box from that blues, young boys and you ain't seen nothing acoustic version. Abc News. My friends, this is it: 7.5 million views, look who's there I'd rather watch a grown man, [Music] stomp, a [ __ ] child for an Xbox. This is a this is a car wreck is blood everywhere. How many people had strokes watching this? How many people died falling victim to this video yeah I got a chorus, let's say calling answering fun fun fun. So anyway, that's a thing on the internet. I thought you guys might appreciate great song. There's like all these theatres, oh wait. Yo! These are Patricia's other little angels. These are Patrice's angels, no wonder they're so into it. That could be me someday yeah. Those were Patrice's glory days, man when uh, when friday was huge. He was on top of the world. He was like a genius hailed as a genius, so chillin in the back seat. Now he's on the outside. In the word, he's an upside-down world stalking my ass, like a [ __ ]. What were those monsters called in change? He's a Gorger on courgette on this is my Gorga on he's stalking, my ass anyway. That's the thing! Sorry, sorry, you guys I'd rather watch Isis execution, videos, no okay! So what's next on the playlist up next up next on the list is a sorry. Ii, listen, I fix our tails in a stampede choppers falling to the ground choppers charged ahead fixated on doorbuster deals. Thirteen-Year-Old girl, helping a pregnant woman. Get up this, but really save me. People Walmarts this lady gets not to the ground near to the ground. It's measure width up in the morning, just like several people falling to the putting the wig back on, is priority before being trampled to death. She gotta look fabulous if she's gonna die. She better look good I'm shoppers charged ahead, like they are literally storming Normandy I, just loved that ground near Grand, Rapids Michigan had five in the morning, despite several people falling to the ground, his charm was charged, get up had to be taken away by ambulance. Another woman who was injured was taken to the hospital. Her husband blame the store for a lack of security. Yes, so it's like people are risking their lives when they go out on Black Friday I mean basic I, never thought about it like that, but I just wanted to show you the want the lady's wig falling off with it, though that was heartwarming, we're doing the target song. We will show them that we are not just the best store in this neighborhood, but the best store anywhere. We are the lannisters swinging from the think. It's a parity of like 300, okay and collect your checks for $75 on your way out. [Laughter] [Applause] he's a jolly guy, the best of it, so we our target nope, which Walmart that was target the Walmart chant. Well. My question to you is since your good evening- oh my god, so just a few moments we're gonna open up these doors and people from all over the world. Bro are they can you spend on the floor and you will engage in the largest sales day, probably in the history of the world? Okay, now that Sinkin you're part of history right now, those Playstations they're marked down 15 bucks. This is the largest sale in the history of this planet. Okay, this guy is cents not much since you more about this I genuinely think target sent to memoy to the store managers to climb up on a tabletop and give a prep speech sandwich to increase the stock of this company by point two percent right: I'm -, I'm, -, uh, -, cynical, sorry, it's the bile stuck in my throat [Laughter]. So here is one outside this [ __ ] is [ __ ]. This is Urban. Outfitters do not get in between fifteen-year-old girls and their $5 leggings. That's a lot of people bro! What's more terrifying! This or like paratroopers, just just buy online I like I like Black, Friday online. It's like yeah, safe, peaceful, I. Guess some people like the adrenaline rush. I guess you know. Oh my got a elbow in the face today: hmm and get away with it your mouse. Well, if you're not right in the front like what are you gay, you kid, it's probably literally a thousand people on land outside the gate, they're squealing, now they're tearing down the game. They've got this theft detectors. They're, being it's like a tsunami, everything is going with this tsunami, but these detectors are being ripped asunder. That's crazy! What is wrong with this planet? Man I mean genuinely it seriously. I don't know, does Urban Outfitters even do like crazy sales? I, don't think so. Apparently, that's probably not that crazy, probably up Tom's on sale, something you know me and he did go to Black Friday once we went one time and it was though well. Let me tell you it's got a twist ending. This is when we were living in Santa Cruz and we were super poor mm-hmm and our laptop that my parents had bought me for college started dying and we're like dude we're so [ __ ] broke man like I. Remember we had no TV like that was yeah they're, our only source of entertainment. We used to watch Seinfeld on a stream that looped every episode on that thing. That was our only source of entertainment and we were so bored. Remember. We spent like a full day seeing what was the best value we could get for like $300 mm-hmm I was like to the Black Friday's coming up like, let's, let's cop one of these deals, and so we were looking on Best, Buy and like man. This is a great [ __ ] deal for 300 bucks is the best deal in town. We got war, let's go, let's actually go do it. It was crazed, crazy idea, right I'm, like man, I, don't want to be one of those people, but hell I was also curious because I've never. It was my first time right in the states, and so we are lazy. As [ __ ] dude, we mean you, we were sleeping into like well, not you! You used to wake up early, but we would sleep in when we weren't work in, because we woke up at like 3:30, we left to go to Best Buy to be first in line pitchblack mill, the night freezing cold. We pull up. There's nobody there like what the [ __ ] are. We just are we dead insane people who, like camp out and wait in line, so we get out of the car. We go up to the front. This lights are off in this store nobody's. Even there I'm like okay, I, guess we're even crazier than the employees and we're like a whole like what is today Friday we went on. Thanksgiving must have been. How sad is that much? We didn't even know us, Thanksgiving I, think I didn't understand him. What Black Friday was so we went on the wrong day. We woke our asses up at 3:30, went all the way there how stupid and then we went and got some burritos that were that was the whole thing. Salty's we got. Burritos went to sleep both woke up in the middle of the night. Super thirsty, like we've, never drank water. Before great anecdote, we didn't go there next day that we bought online yeah very happy with that. But man that was embarrassing, huh yeah, probably for the best I, would have probably need some kid in the face and bid in prison or something um here watch this one. This is my final Black Friday video, oh I, keep talking about like warfare and like trenches and stuff and how it resembles like an invasion, and this part really struck me as such watch this guy here in the ground, Amir Lee spills, everybody eat, [, __ ], look at this guy scrambling out of the way for dear [ __ ] life like he's in the trenches taking grades. Yes, everyone's like wool wool, wool, people in the floor. You think that would stop them. No people immediately start eating [ __, ] survive I'm pretty sure. A couple years ago, some old lady literally died dan. Can you do some research? How many fatalities have happened on Black Friday I'd like to know that? Meanwhile, that's about all I got about that and so I get out there. You know whatever it takes. $5 save that whatever the hell it takes, you guys something. Do we got a call on deck nope? So next up, are you saying you had that current? What is it like? Friday discord? Well, you sent me a death count. Are you [, __ ] kidding me? There's a website called Black Friday death count jeez holy [ __ ] dude. This website is awesome. Somebody already thought of this Black Friday death count. 10 deaths, 107 injuries, 10 deaths. It's got all the details. Honorable mentions this guy's serious as hell. Let's skip those. We got a lot of data in 2016, San Antonio man helped a woman being beaten in a Walmart parking lot shot dead shopper opens fire killing one over Walmart parking spot. They didn't even get a chance to get in the store they were killing each other over parking spots. Black Friday kicks off with deadly shooting at near June New Jersey, mall I was from 2016 2013 teen returns home from Black Friday shopping fell asleep at wheel. Killed in Rack will do that in I'll. Throw that in I mean you know, woke up early father crashed father charged in crash that killed daughters after Black Friday shopping. That is truly awful. My god can you imagine getting a car crash. Your daughter is dying. Then you go to prison for it. It's like okay, I guess. My life is just completely and permanently [. __ ]. You went from elbowing some old lady in the face for a rice, cooker, Black Friday, target shoppers step over Walter Vance, who the [ __ ] is Walter. Vance was so specific. They step over a guy as he collapse and dies. Jesus. Ah warms your heart. In it, Southern California tires arrest, shooting leaves two dead was with all these shootings at Toys, R Us in well places toys are not apparently killing people RS all right, mm-hmm, all right. Yes, unlike the bullets, those hit worker dies at Long, Island, Walmart after being trampled in Black Friday, Stampede bro, that's so sick. This poor, this poor son of a [ __ ] working 3 a.m. at Walmart, gets trampled to death. Oh Patrice, ok, Patrice is on a livestream, kick I'll. Take a quick I'll. Take a quick look, trees, Wilson use. If I can resist. Apparently there's some [ __ ] going down here. Oh okay, the top note keeps getting yeah. He keeps blocking out the thumbnail, making a creepier and creepier and it just clearly says 666 h3. Why is everyone getting alarmed Patrice? What do you got for me this week and he also had this website called social media networks? Calm bro? What are you even playing this? Even your voice, like like we just saw there, were creepy shots littered throughout the stream and an almost he's playing other people's way. What this aint creepy Patrice you just broke the wall. That's [, __, ] anymore yeah. What is he showing someone else's video about the strip yeah did did find a trailer. What was he doing? Dan for a news show I'd forget about it, he's trying to promote a show you blow it capisce um. Apparently he was showing clips of me making fun of him. Okay, that's a death threat. Here's a story that came up recently that really pissed me off uber, these sickos man, I, don't know! If you guys heard about this story, a hackers broke into burrs database and stole everybody's data drivers, passengers, everybody's data- and they covered it up for a whole [ __ ] year mm-hm and didn't tell anybody. Fifty-Seven million people, data stolen, that's crazy! Bro people are calling my number all the time and I'm like how are people getting my number Instagram was hacked and they leaked numbers, apparently on verified accounts. Now all the sudden I found out a year ago, uber leaked everybody's data and they didn't even say anything formed our like gear actively trying to hide -. So the hackers had all this data and they demanded $100,000 ransom that uber paid and they wrote it off as a deduction for a bug. Bounty mm-hmm, these Psychopaths I'm. Getting so tired of all these companies, just like playing willy-nilly with everyone's data and then nothing happens, that's a serious breach of private privacy. What happen with Equifax, were they leaking like social security numbers of like half of Americans and they're like yeah? Can you do we just had it in a plain text file in a doc that said social security numbers we, nobody could have seen this coming I'm ready to bring out the guillotine, maybe not that far, but things that you have no option. You gotta use this services. What are you gonna? Not use Instagram you're gonna not use uber, but that's. What's so [ __ ], like that's, why we need regulations yeah, you can't trust these sons of [ __ ] and there's not even a fair competition like there's, there's not that many companies doing it. It's not like there's millions of options to choose from like Equifax. It's like, like sorry, just [, __ ] down your open mouth. What are you gonna do about it idiot, but the fact they waited a whole freaking year and didn't say anything in find. That's so insane I'm lit I'm deleting goober I'm I've removed the app for my phone I'm using lyft now.com, slash, h3 I'm, only using lyft, calm, slash h3 now, because they respect my data and they treat their drivers great, but like dude, we can't support these companies who play us like this I know, but it's I'm just saying you have no option. What are you gonna delete? Instagram, no I love, Instagram yeah. They could just leak. Pictures of my dick and I'd be like Oh. Well, I wonder what you'll oppose today, but that kind of brings me into the next story that I want to talk about which the next net neutrality, which is once again up for debate everyone's trying to [ __ ] it what net neutrality for the hundredth time, everyone complains, then the politicians and the telecom companies are like this is the first time we've talked about this. Everyone who talks like we did a whole podcast about net neutrality, yeah recently and there's always people who dissent who disagree because I guess the the counter-argument is that the less regulations, the better the more free market, right, mm-hmm and so companies that decide to use the tenets of net neutrality will have more business. You let the market decide, but you'll have like three companies. Comcast in many places is the only fricking place you can get internet or they have like dummy companies where Comcast has like normal first world internet speed, and then you have another one called like Lowell. Only idiots buy the [ __ ] that has like dial-up speed that they just have it there. So it doesn't seem like a monopoly. Mm-Hmm, it's so frustrating dude, it's just like a battle of misinformation. Let me show you this [ __ ], Orwellian, [, __ ], that um verizon tweeted this out and immediately I was like they're gonna delete this. This is the dumbest garbage I've ever seen. You know what they're calling this bill to repeal net neutrality. This is some 1984 [ __ ], the restoring Internet Freedom, Act mm-hmm, it's so confusing, and so people who believe in like more conservative doctrines of not regulating markets. You get so confused by the name: restoring Internet, Freedom Act, it's so insidious seriously. Confusing I was confused when I saw that article that you're gonna show right. It's not it's not cool. Let me explain for people who don't understand we're like I, don't believe in net neutrality, because whatever net neutrality literally only says that telecom companies cannot regulate the internet, it's literally a regulation to make it free mm-hmm it's a little counterintuitive, but that's what it is. Okay and so restoring the Internet freedom act, freedom for them to basically up charge. You it's just your speed and do everything on it's like they're, making fun of you when they call it totally because reasonably repealing net neutrality benefits about a thousand people, the owners and stock shares of these telecom companies. That's it versus three hundred plus million Americans. You know look at this here. This was their tweet. The day erased I [, __ ] saved it on my phone like these, it is remove this. They said we support the FCC's uh [Music], restoring Internet freedom, yeah, restoring Internet freedom and I commented something like, of course you do you paid for it because they spent tens of millions of dollars lobbying to repeal net neutrality anyway, I can't read all this garbage, but they try to make. It seem like they're doing this great thing or even worse, that we agree with you mmm-hmm we're on your. We all agree on this. We all want a free and open Internet. That's why we're storing the Internet Freedom Act, you know so and then Comcast literally Hitler, by the way like when you search Comcast and SC swastika, comes up. Look at the balls on these lunatics Comcast. We this out, we do not and will not block, throttle or discriminate against lawful content. We will continue to make sure that our policies are clear, transparent for consumers. We will not change our commitment to these principles. Here's the picture. We won't walk, we won't throttle. We won't. We will be bad. We yeah you get I said they're wrong. That's basically like Hitler, saying I won't I swear to God I will not invade Poland. Comcast has been the most hated and distrusted company in all of the world for like many years right. Why is it that you think, if they're so down with the tenants of net neutrality? Why is it that you that they spend tens of million dollars every year lobbying to repeal it yeah? If you believe it, then? What's the [ __ ] problem, it's there already I'm so over it. It's so [, __, ], frustrating you have to have this conversation every other month, yeah every once a month, I see net neutrality, trending on Twitter and I'm, like oh, what happened this month? It's like they break you down. They grind you down until you can't talk about anymore, because people are tired of listening to it. I'm tired of talking people are tired of listening to me. Talk about it. It's [, __, ], sick and it's a game that they play. It's a calculated game. They spend money, it's their hedging, their bets and they're buying senators and governors and they're confusing people into thinking that they're voting in their favor. Look at this Comcast tweet like here, I I comment: tweet retweeted it. Let me show you like one comment in particular. That shows you, like the confusion that they're sowing in people's minds with all with this 1984 double-talk. One of the comments is like I'm confused. Here's one of the top comments. 44 likes I'm confused now that a company's showing that they support what we're all fighting for you're, labeling them as Hitler am I missing something here, yes, and as in they're intentionally doing that's a confusion yeah. We we fully support net neutrality as they spend millions to get it repealed, [, __, ], so frustrating dude, it's like they're, just in the end, it feels like inevitable they're, just gonna win cuz how you know: how can we keep fighting the same [ __ ] forever? How? When does it end? It ends when they win? That's it like. We already won once oh bomb Pass net neutrality laws and we want, and now [ __ ] out we're staying back in the same stupid-ass situation. It's like the last free medium and the whole world is the last true democratic, medium I'm wondering well what happened in the rest of the world. If it changes here, it will follow, it will follow right most. Definitely it will follow because I mean maybe maybe some governments, like maybe some some countries and the populace are educated enough to know that it's that it's all a bunch of crap problem with America's there's way too many people there's way too much information. There's way too much confusion. Nobody knows what the [ __ ] going on when you have a country like den I, don't Norway, for example, they've like five million people there, so it's much easier if everyone to under kind of understand and educate themselves, there's less diversity of opinion and less polarized. Here, it's like this part party politic is like if you're a conservative or right winger, it's it's. It's on your party line to support net neutrality and there's just there, you don't you and that's just all there is to it. You support your team. Well, I'm, sick of it anyway. It's my prediction is that it's it's gonna pass and we're all [ __ ], because they're just you can't fight this fight forever. They grinding you down man, she it! So in that note it's a battle of misinformation and confusion and we are gonna lose and listen at the end of the day. All that matters is that next year, a year from today, I can kick a little [ __ ] toddler in the face. I can punt his ass three yards and save $20 on a TV. As long as I can kick a a infant without repercussion, because it's in the chaos and the mayhem, then you can control my internet. You can monitor me. You can open my phone and watch me jerk off record my screen all the weird porn, I watch. You know they do that and someday when I'm trying to run for for a governor or some [, __ ] they'd be like Ethan. Are you sure, dude I saw you watching that preggo puke porn man? We have footage of it, mom, be like alright [ __, ] I'm out mm-hmm I'm, not gonna, run it's not worth it. They got us all by the balls, but we can [ __ ] elbow the little babies in the face and then finally, we got one other really cool thing: to talk about h3h street dlc, payday, 2, yeah, Bros, there's this game, payday 2! If you don't know what it is one of the most popular PC games, super [, __, ], fun, multiplayer game, these guys over at Star, breeze and overkill. We've been talking them for how long has it been like six months to a year or something yeah since April Fool's? It all started April Fool's. They started by making a joke about that. They were putting us in the game as a DLC playable characters, but everybody liked it mm-hmm and so, like [, __ ] it. Let's do it. So we flew out to Sweden. In a while ago, you guys may remember, we were planning all the DLC with these guys came back since then, we've been doing like hours of voiceover recording, it's been a ton of work and we're really proud of the work we did. Actually it's run on payday 2. It was so much fun. Man, [ __ ]. We put us in the [ __ ] game scares, the [ __ ] I can ride so scary. It's my their heads, a little [ __, ] them um. My 4 is not that big. Is it anyway there's like so many voice lines. They give us this really cool, freaking, perk, deck and gun um weapon is there is a ruler? That's my melee weapon yeah! It's from the two hand that a great sword- I- don't me play some lines for you guys so who put a ball. I would have started a long time ago. This guy, actually when got all of them in the game, is success. Hey dude I got like half a soda pop in the fridge. If you want it kind of embarrassing that is so fifties. Um I was just zoning out thinking about chicken wings. Chicken. Sorry about that. It's okay control, I was just combing. My hair keep the civilians calm guys be nice, alright! Keep the civilians calm. Now hey I have to be like somewhat serious when we're doing cuz yeah. They don't want us to absolutely destroy the game cuz. It is about bank robbers and they have like a whole community that follows this game in a very serious community yeah. So they didn't want to upset the people. There were not fans of ours total me, so it had to be like a good mix of meme non meme right, but here's the best part ela shouting and [ __ ] people up I, swear I saw one other guy talking to his gun or something well. This Bane guy ever show up here. I, don't want to get you in the gunfight man yeah on me follow come with me, but people look, but it's available. You want to play it. The base game 75% off on Steam, the h3h3 DLC is out. We are gonna, make a HC video about it. Soon it's gonna be a la hood. I'll holler, a gaff above us boof a slam anyway guys listen. Do we have any other calls? Guess not poor Ian's been taking all these [ __ ] calls. He only got two only to pass the grade. I wonder how many people, how many, how many people have you talked to today, and would you guess my people have you hung up on about 40 [, __ ], you college gotta, step your [ __ ] up man. Only school got through out of 40 and it's the Great Firewall man, all the caller's hate. In he's great I love you man, he's in the trenches literally taking grenades. You know we're only gonna take questions. We can't I can imagine a lot of people just want to say hi and yeah sure apparently they're like people are calling be like when it's Teddy fresh restock coming here. It's like it's, not the purpose of this phone call, but god bless you anyway, yeah anyway guys. Thank you for spending this Friday with us. It's been an absolute joy. It's been a privilege and a pleasure I'm. Sorry that Bert Kreischer was not here, but I hope you enjoyed this face. Stomping elbow, throwing Bach, fried Black, Friday, extravaganza and I will show the very best. I love you all very very much. Next week we have very excited jontron. Finally, probably one of the most highly requested guests. Yes, finally, coming on the show this Wednesday it's at an unusual hour, it's yeah, it's on Wednesday, I'm gonna, put up a thread right after this ends for questions for him. So go there and put your questions for a good old, John, Oh, Johnny boy, chant Rand, so guys I'll see you then and I love you so I love! You I want to see you all naked I want a carrot. Shaved I want the tub of mayonnaise. Do you know what comes next? Your eyes? Look like hamburgers! Oh wow! That's a beautiful love song that girl with hamburgers in her eyes. Am I right that anyway, guys have a great weekend. You know if you were here. Let me tell you: ela close your eyes cover your ears, pure love, thanks for joining us. That was a lot of fun. Guys. A great weekend have a great weekend guys Tata.