Welcome everybody today, sri podcast episode, number 50 Wow halfway to 100 I, don't know that most podcasts would celebrate 50, but it's been a lot of ups and downs, a lot of bumps a lot of strikes and gutters here. So I think. The fact that we made 50 is worth a golf club, I think so and in life take any chance to celebrate. I. Think that's a good policy I think that's encouraging! It's a beautiful thing. Give yourself small milestones any chance to celebrate. Put that on my tombstone I saw that's just like what I do is like if I managed to walk a little bit extra in a day, I'm like let's celebrate with a pizza and that's how you end up. Looking like ya - on Thursday at 7 p.m. we have rhett and Link coming to the studio, leave your question on the subreddit for them. Today we have a very special top of the month with my good wonderful hilarious friend, Zac Adel aka, psychic pebbles, on the sound board and on the mic. We call him mr. hilarious, because he's just so funny Zac tip the beanie. What is up freak [, __ ]? That's my catchphrase, get used to it. That's it that's what Joe Rogan says: isn't it everybody? Let Joe Rogan know that Zac's coming for him boy, you're up buddy zach is known for being litigious, so I'd be careful, 70 lawsuits of the one uh-hum. Today's episode is sponsored by the one and only teddy fresh, mrs. teddy fresh. What are you wearing? Ella I am wearing the collar black windbreaker. Just came out today and I am wearing the revenge of the Ted sweater. Oh sorry, headphones feels so good. This is like what a great sweater um guys go to Teddy fresh calm. We have set up a special offer just for our podcast listeners tan. Why are you manhandling my dog like a bag of groceries? You just punted it hand Watson Leigh is holding the dog is like [Laughter] just for our podcast listeners use code h3 a check out for free shipping in the US free shipping? Oh my god. What are we Amazon mm-hmm this week? We are so if you are in the market for this amazing sweater or windbreaker head on over to teddy fresh calm and use the code age 3 by that murders by that merch I get it now and of course, I. Don't get the opportunity to thank you all enough, but all you wonderful, beautiful, twitch, prime subscribers, and just straight up subscribers on Twitch. Oh my god. Thank you guys so much for clicking smashing that button for us, because if your dick was in front of me right now, ela mine, not your I, mean if your your David yes, if you hit that stop button, it's basically like if you I had a dick I work. It are this weird. So thanks for smashing that button now, let's get right back in. Let's just get right into this gals a really long intro, if you guys haven't seen the jacksFilms parody of led that's what we were fairings going right, great video. That was a really terrific video. Let's get right back, let's, let's get right into it all right! Here's the deal of top store! We've got a lot to cover here: Logan Paul, I haven't had a chance to talk about the whole fiasco surrounding Logan Paul's channel being demonetized for tasering a dead rat. Now we don't have to talk. There's a pattern of behavior here with Logan Paul of playing with dead, dead corpses in adamant once living things. He has sociopathic behavior, it's pretty weird like you would think that it would be overthinking every little thing he's doing right now, because everyone is looking, he would be a little sensitive to tasing dead rats or taking living fish out of his koi pond and performing CPR on them as they breathe at they desperately gasps freer but nope. Well, this is thing about Logan. Is that before the suicide force thing, this is who he was. He was a he was this guy. He was desecrating corpses long before the suicide forest and YouTube was stroking. His [ __ ], like as you know, as if somebody bought his March or subscribed on Twitch. Like that's what I don't like about how you like before all this, they were giving him YouTube read movies. They were giving him YouTube red shows. He was like the face of YouTube rewind I. Think YouTube is getting walk right now, wake the flip up and get go because they thought of lager is just it's like the safest content and they probably didn't. Even then even more notorious videos, exact figured it's a vlog. What could go exactly a bunch of kids? It's just Logan Paul whatever, but this guy yeah they didn't bother to check out like who is this guy? So they've got the time and effort the people at face value like filthy Frank and items, and us they're like keep them in arms like I. Don't have anything with them, but Logan Paul is running around desecrating corpses and they make him the face of YouTube but sick. It's it's so twisted bro and now all the sudden, it's like. Oh, we know Logan, who we never heard of him. It's like no. You made him famous. You prop this psychopath up by that merch. Well, anyway, I know it's song he's singing. Now that is channel ste monetized, you know. So it's a really quick. You know we were talking about before, but I don't think the dead rat part look if a lot of jackass could have done that people. You met you before filthy frankenz, don't stuff with the animals. I. Think. The big difference here, though, is that not that he did that stuff cuz that in the vacuum is not don't worst thing to do morally right, but the difference is everybody was looking at him and he got he thought he could out charm. You know doing that right after the whole corpse Fiasco in Japan. That's the big thing to me: it's not that he I mean the act is bad, but it's not the bigger thing. If it is it's the context of it right, it's not that bad at the fact you, but we doing that right after when you know everybody's looking at you is pretty [ __ ], it's pretty nutty to me. I I saw a lot of of people being it's really the context of how it happened. Right there matters. Well, it's just like. Will you? Will you be a little bit weary of doing anything bad? If you just [, __ ], the show to rigor mortis corpse behind you, I'm feeling loaded I mean seriously was a decomposing man and they went. You know what I think I think I think my comeback needs a beautiful CPR, a [ __ ] living koi I mean ripped out of its pods. People were comparing it to like. Well we're all celebrating Logan's channel being demonetised, but we would have filthy Frank was doing this a year plus ago and nobody and like obviously, we would be a grief that happened to him but Tim today. So those people I say it's a different time. I mean we all except now. This is not the YouTube it used to be yeah. This is post. This is post that pocalypse world. This is like 911 on YouTube, like the rules are just different. You can't send anthrax to two people in the mail anymore, like he always mailed his P. That's a perfect Joey South was mailing urine to people, that's the kind of wild-west 9/11. Okay, we take our shoes off at checkpoints. This is just the new reality now: okay and Lobo Paul not only knew that he was at the center of it right and he made this whole Cheney's cheesy corny PR I'm donating a million bucks to suicide prevention by the way worst, the receipt on that I'm, not doubting you I'm, just saying: wait: where's Jordan I want to hear what Jordan has to say: Jordan's a local pawn fan. Yeah I'd like to see him to defend this well, he said he was defibrillating the, but like it's a it's a different era and Logan Paul was at the center of this I mean he was under a microscope yeah. This is him on good behavior. He this is him on good behavior, yeah I don't have time to go back and watch all of his videos, but he was probably torturing animals for long before his parents know he was torturing animals from a young age and they let him out into the world really anyway. Let's, let's, let's take a closer look. The thing about Logan that really grinded my gears was. He came back after this break. He made this wonderful PR video about suicide and stuff, but he during that time he showed absolutely no remorse and basically spit in the face of YouTube and and everyone who was criticizing him with certain things. For example, let me show you the first one he went after the controversy. I mean a weeks after it cardi B posted on Instagram this picture and she said they're trying to crucify me like they did Christ okay. Now what do you think Logan said in response to that I think he said. That's a bit of an exaggeration. He says, give me a break you'll come on. No, he says lols, you telling me so in in Logan's, mind in the midst of getting [, __ ] he's being crucified like Jesus he's dying at the cross he's the martyr he did nothing wrong. This evil world is the one that put him up friend for the injustice I mean this is this is dilution on on the highest scale and beyond that he's writing it on cardi B's Instagram like she's, gonna notice, it be like. Oh, my god, Logan Paul commented yeah. That's not all folks! Folks and the facts: next up: Logan Paul here: here's his comeback, video after the suicide, the suicide meme, where you, supposedly, by the way, if you're gonna, donate a million dollars a guy like Logan, Paul, who's, all about being flashy and show off. He, you think he'd have like a giant check or something or receiving be like hey guys. Here's the I'm, not saying he's a liar, but all I'm saying is where's the proof. No, no, no I think he claimed, but I'm just saying. Are we supposed to take this guy face value? That's an incredible claim: I donate a million dollars to suicide prevention, where's that Chad I think it's worth the waffle to ask for proof for that. I think it's a pretty reasonable claim! I would provide it because this is the internet. Everybody's skeptical I think it's just a missed opportunity of using one of those big checks and I mean that's a principle of life. When you get a chance to use a big check of Caesar for Christ's sake, I mean I, I gotta, be honest. I watch that part. So I don't know. What's the what proof did he provide? Well? No. He just said he says at the end of video I'm from I'm donating a million dollars to suicide prevention. Mm-Hmm, and then everybody was like. Oh my god. Well, if you do do it good job, yeah yeah, but did he receive where that receipt, we're not receipt? No, but seriously where that receipt. You know everybody at Logan Paul where that receipt, everybody not please don't it's too late. It's too, like that, so I mean just put that on there. Don't do that? Don't don't whatever you do! Don't tweet at Logan Paul, where that receipts. That would be a really immature thing to do. Don't do it, let's go up we're better than that. But if I was a judge- and this was hereditary, I would say just show me there was this was Judge Judy. She would say to him: Logan Paul versus the court of public opinion, Judge Judy would say Logan. Let me see the receipts yeah Julianne executional, you would say, provide me some receipts if you were judge dredd, if I could say a big claim that he wouldn't even try to fake it, I'm pretty sure he did it. I don't see. I know, there's a chance. He there, but I, don't think so. You're saying there's a chance all right, let's move on, but but seriously where the receipt hashtag. Let's get that treasure so anyway, here so after the whole where's the receipt scandal, the non-existent scandal. So this was his his comeback. Logan powers back, there's a lot of conceit, a lot of arrogance, a lot of self congratulatory dick is broken. Where chaos hides in the shadows dictated by pure and absolute savagery, one absolutely one boy, I noticed he always does this. Where he's like I'm, not a man, I'm a boy I'm, a boy from Ohio I'm, just yeah, you I can't be held responsible for anything I'm a 22 year old boy, you're, a [, __ ], fully grown man. They have a lot of responsibility, you're, not a boy! Why, like you, have this whole ego thing and you prefer to be called a boy. I think I think it's to say that I'm, so young, yeah they're, so so successful I think that's the point of it. It's only 22 of them. Humblebrag I, guess, you're right everything. Everything seems to be carefully manicured manicured to stroke his gentle. You go not gentle, but really, not gentle, actually questioning something. I've been questioning his age for a long time. Just like he's, 62 where's, the [ __ ] where's, the emergency serious. What the log sir I love that I love it: the birth certificates, not enough money, legend, no I'm, Logan Jake is my brother I'm. Looking for oh snap, okay, okay, a little bit of a goof. How would you rate that mr. hilarious yeah? Is there a fart or [ __ ] sound effect on this thing? Dad is there an ass farting really create an ass for new [ __ ], so defect on this, so I can write that yeah that rap for you, the idea that that mr. Hill attack mr. hilarious will be a continuous presence here on the sound board on commentary. So we got to make sure he gets everything he needs. Den yeah I need to be alright so anyway, so you rate that a fart noise yeah, you know there's something really christ-like about that. Video, like he's got this long beard he's gets like it's like Christ died, he's kind of rising from the dead. He literally commented that on cardi, B I think that's attention, I think it's very a christ-like symbolism. So it's coming to a it's coming to a head here soon the Maverick Logan Paul, showing his face for the first time after the disgraced youtuber has been spotted. [Music] he's like did you guys notice? My apology had 50 million views and paparazzi were taking my pictures all the time like I'm, not gonna, say that yeah I messed up, but did you see how much publicity I got out of it? Did you see that I managed to fake cry Hollywood? What did they say? You look sincere, but it it gonna have the feeling that you're just a good at what? What's that saying, I, don't know what you're, referring to you know what I'm not gonna, try it out. This is your own hour, can take a three week: break hey a million so yeah. So he put the humility thing to this at the side, really quick. Who else can get a million subscribers and I didn't get I'm, not disgraced? I took a break I just wanted a little break after my vacation to Japan wasn't really related to anything. I just wanted to relax a little bit because I work really hard not related to the desecration of corpses. By the way is there any corpses around because I'm gonna? Do you mind if I rub my dick on some dead creatures, [ __ ] that koi it's disgusting, deep fake? This is the vibe like I'm following all this and I'm I'm upset because I'm like this guy, doesn't give a crap. He doesn't care and he's just this kind of behavior of just he's like deflecting all the blame. I he's been crucified like Jesus and his mind, and it's just he spit he. The PR thing was just so transparent at this point and he's just such a [, __ ]. Here, look at this from Twitter. The evidence mounts still come on guys. We got this. There was a petition to delete his channel, which is obviously a lot of people venting their frustration about how messed up the thing is. It had over a half a million sub sub. My signature signature. Now here he is uh. You know essentially saying that I think they're all handicapped well he's acting like he's got a little. You know his eyes are a little goofy. He thinks they're [ __ ]. He thinks there was no I think that he can like make fun of it and he's like [ __ ]. That's what he's saying am I wrong in saying that he was calling people yeah I, don't see that, but I do see that he's trying to make it seem like you can just joke about it. You know what I mean come on guys. We got this, but essentially not taking anything seriously, deflecting all the blame and being a little bit of a [, __ ], and not really changing. So there's this mounting evidence, Exhibit C and then we've got more in case. You needed more reasons to hate Logan Paul. He made a video this one really tickles my berries, unbeliev, that's an expression. He made a video where he dresses up and asks college students what they think about Logan Paul. Do you guys notice anything weird about the background? He used the thumbnail that picture of his face when he's right in front of the corpse he used that to clickbait his new video in the background, click baiting himself: let's make John suicide forest video thumbnail the he chose after all, this [ __ ]. It's completely my finding absolutely mind-bending and there's more still, my god. Here we go. Let's open this up, so he's asking these guys. Do you know Logan pause? A lot of them are like no I. Don't you can tell he's like pretty messed up right, pretty insensitive right from what we see like that was not a good I. Don't personally, that's a fact. An actual factual, verifiable thing, I mean I, didn't watch the whole thing, but I know like a lot of other like influencers were talking about it. Yeah I was just respectful, but the same time intention. Really it was taken way out of proportion, so you don't think we should throw him off a building. No, of course not. That's like totally hypocritical, but Penny's about that Logan :. We found someone who supports me. I love this one, okay, respect speaking of people that people don't like how about that Logan Paul character. No, you need that suicide forest video, pretty messed up right, pretty insensitive right, I, don't know dude I, just like the Logan's like luckily I do usually get pretty insensitive. He was behind for the corpse [Laughter] and then it's like way are you Logan Paul? This is stranger. You should be the thing: that's weird is you should be distancing yourself, it's time to move past this and he's trying he's trying he's not like trying to me me he's trying to capitalize on it and clickbait himself in the tongue. This video has 10 million views. He clicked baited himself in the thumbnail in front of the corpse and he's like capitalizing on it. It's just bizarre man. So here guys, let's watch the logan paul taste, some dead rats [Applause]. You can see how disturbed his problem, not something like a bad idea coming off of the writers and at the very least edited out and post like do it on the spot, you're a little crazy, you're, a little wild embracing being like the bad boy anything. So you can make it cool. You know the 50s guys would have like leather jackets and motorcycles. So this is the bad boy. Now you got a Taser dead rat screaming the microphone, the neuera, bad boy, the memories. Oh he's so dreamy he chases rats. You can see how disturbed his friends are actually have to be. Yes, man. They can't push back too much or they get banished well, they know they'll be the red suit if they say no, have you not desecrated enough corpses? I mean there's something to be said. The guy knows his audience is young okay, but he's not really accountable for who watches his stuff. It's more of the fact that he's in a new age that he helped ushered in and he was just in trouble for desecrating a corpse. That's that's toned down that corpse desecration for at least a month, I'm just shocked that he thought he could like Jarvis way out of this yeah. You probably put this little purpose to go now. It's fine! If I could charm a way out of the dead body or deal I could step on a few rats with high heels. No, no here I think this may have been in the same video or at most the video right before it, where he desecrates a koi from his own pond. It's the water was untreated, so all the fish weren't moving because they were slowly suffocating and dying, so he takes it out of the pond. It is not dead, it's still breathing in a phrase in his house, yes taking care of his face, Logan Paul. You think that guy knows how to take care of a fish. Oh I've, just been taking badda sells lately. Why why all the other toys are fine? Look at how happy they are on day. We have a problem. So once again you can hear his friend being like dude I, don't know if you should be doing this, like don't put him on land man. This fish is suffocated. What do I do? Take him out and pound his chest? You can see how he's trying to make a bit out of it. Yeah I'm, it's so weird. It's like an actual fish of yours. It's your fish. I know like like, like okay, we eat fish, but you still should have a certain level of human sympathy for the sanctity of life in a way of not like torturing animals as they're dying or playing with the corpse of an animal or be sad for a second yeah there's some human emotion, that's normal to have and I understand, like that, we're torturing or slaughtering animals every day, but still on an individual basis. You wouldn't just go if you found a dead rat and and tase it for joy, exactly what a great rat anecdote story- oh yeah infestation a couple years ago and a rat crawl to do an empty trash can to put into a trash bag and I. These rats were so frequent. He was on these coasts and I know if I, let it out and come back in so I had to hit it against the hard surface inside the bag. Now I didn't take pleasure in it. I fry up, I didn't like all I ask, is for a frown. I was frowning. Was it I? Wasn't rubbing my [ __ ] I wasn't smiling it wasn't. You know giggling I was frowning and let me look I, never I didn't I didn't record in front of a dead rigor, mortis body in Japan I feel like most people hit like if you, if you have a cockroach, you have a rent, you got a disposable right, but you don't cackle and giggle and like yeah, it's a terrible name. You don't play also don't record it for your audience after you just did something terrible that freaked your whole [ __ ], you ad team out that almost imploded YouTube, it does seem like he's missing some kind of filter. The sanctity of life he's missing a piece of his brain. So that's my whole thing on Logan, Paul, I think he he wholeheartedly deserved. It I think he was testing the boundaries of how cute he could get. After this thing he wasn't accepting any responsibility and he's basically daring YouTube to try to stop me because I am [ __ ], bigger than all of you right he's. It's all part of his ego. You can't accept that he actually [ __ ] up he's a mess. I know I could still fix. This I can still make a funny joke about it and we're cool yeah I mean he did the same thing in the in the force. We're standing next to the bodies like what you never seen a dead guy he's trying to make a joke out of it. I understand that impulse but cut it out. He left it in yeah. He leaves it in. You know you know it is those reactions are okay. If you have at least some sort of initial reaction of like shock or sadness, he doesn't go ahead. He has no first word. He actually jumps right into that stuff. I feel like it. Most people saw a dead body, they go. Oh holy smokes holy holy Toledo, it's a dead body. He didn't even have that he just went running to calculate it. I feel like that's the part, that's wrong with it. It's not even you know. Let people joke about stuff to get over things, but you do that after you grieve or after you in shock, you don't go right into that. It's been odd if you search there's like hidden footage of Logan like deep and there's some crazy, deep fiction up there. What have you been -? Put your head down: Ethan hide your face: I need to check your history, all right! That's enough of Logan Paul! All right! I! Think we fully next. Next speaking of pranksters, gift stirs and gap, stirs and tortures. This next prankster is is a it's a fairy tale story of pure justice, boner hard-on when I follow. This I was just fully erect with pride and joy, with the Justice of a million Gamble's raining down on this media. This idiot of the century, this absolute [, __, ], loser I have nothing about disdain for this. Alright, let me sit was that good setup, so there's this there's this English prankster! Okay, let me let me preface this by saying and I was really shocked by this there's in 2016 there was nearly 500 acid attacks in London alone yeah, when you told me that I quite leave that I I'm gonna be fully honest, I build the wall; no, but that's crazy. What's the? How come? Is it? No? It's not like I didn't know about that yeah. How do I not know about that like like, let's, like that's awful 500 people in one year? This is when a tear it's an act of terror. They take some kind of like corrosive acid and they splash it in people's faces and I'm I can't show it it's too graphic, but their skin is literally eaten off their face and they're deformed for life, and that's the point not to kill them to take away to take away that part of their life of looking normal and having a normal life. It is, it is a sick, barbaric, it's it's! It's just truly awful. This happened 500 times in London alone in 2006. How I just learned that when I was looking this up and I was just blown away, I mean what the [ __ ] Jesus, that's in the heart of civilization, build a wall. Well know that whoa build that Wow. We need a song like by that March March build no, but I don't know, but but the point I'm saying is because I'm actually very anti wall person generally speaking, but when I read that I'm I had a large amount of sympathy for these people going through that they're like how helpless can you be you're, just walking down the street, some [ __ ] destroys you and your whole family. Well, a lot of these were like a random attacks to only a portion or people that they know. I read one story about, but a year and a half ago where some guy was going to attacks like somebody who you know diddled his kid and when he got the wrong address, you got the wrong house and deformed the wrong. Oh boy, it was an act of revenge, turn I, don't know if he did all the kid, but he did. It was revenge. It was definitely revenge on something with his family and he caught the wrong guy at the wrong house. Got him. How do you not wait? Oh yes, but you'll be like oh [, __ ], my bad I was so sorry, you know what I'm. So sorry, let me let me let me help you with that. Let me get it paper. Towels, hmm! Well, anyway, that's the preface to this prank. So there's this prankster called I mean remember his name honestly, but he was doing this really awful prank walking around with a cup of water going specifically to London and splashing it in people's faces. He's a young I mean he's a young Arab man, so he knew the implication. It was clearly meant to incite the fear that they were being asked to detect mm-hmm, because it's an act of terror right I think that's the majority of people who are also was it. The video called the acid attack. Prank I, think it was called splashing water and face break I, don't think was called acid attack it she was pretty. Maybe it was. Let me look it up. I can find it definitely yeah, and can you find out his name was uh. It's aria. Well, at any rate, I have the clip it was removed from YouTube. It's called I think it's called water. You guys mess the first one, you guys smashed like 20,000 likes, so I thought you know what very come looking for, that it's, the dumbest person you've ever heard talking your life sounds like Ali, G god, this guy's, barely [ __ ] functional I'm gonna go spy but look how he split. He splashes very violently. Even let's see it, it's cold, it's cold as [ __ ] to like he's wearing like a really serious jacket in London and for faces yeah, but referring to the video. If you let me simply, let's try smash 150 thousand likes and I'll. Do it for you guys, no problem. Last but not least, is the Parkwood anybody it's a program. Oh yeah. Let's get the purchase of that part, but can you imagine this guy slinging educational saying that he didn't mention regardless? This is how those asset attacks look. This is happening when they have a crisis of people. Doing this of young Arab men throwing acid in people's faces. [Music] excuse me goes with just listen to music. It's all tensor [ __ ], it's like! Oh, my god! Action movie, it's hardcore food, throw splash water in someone's face to run like a [, __ ], [Laughter] [Applause]. You have a more pointless existence. Look how dumb and pointless this is so annoying on a cold day. That's a lot of water Oh, probably below freezing [Music] Cory's punk rock. This is what punk rock is all about. I really want to see the raw video up, this gym just breathing heavily [Music] [Music], that's just a cup of water here, there's one where he really gets a very aggressive here. This one dude! That's! You know what someone needs to beat the [ __ ] like this guy's parents need to like punch him in the neck or something I. Don't know how you discipline job, but probably not that way. That's a truly awful thing to do. What is this, your evil hearted bad spirited, harmful assault? This is what YouTube pranks are all about, and it's nice to see a return to form. Excuse me, train! Hong! Excuse me, can I you help me with something. Can you be kind and take time out of your day to help me psych? So hey Wei, you get them, you get the gist he starts hitting on this girl and she was boyfriend. Oh people think of the English accent is sophisticated, but I don't know what's going on here, but I've never heard of dumber, so I have a sweet, obviously throws water in her face because she's got a boyfriend right, that's the premise and at a bare minimum he just threw waters and reels. Basically she had a boyfriend. That's the least it is the most it is. Is it psychologically scarred? Oh, if you thought you had acid, you I mean it really. Is that easy to throw acid in someone's face? Yes, yeah! That's how they, so even even if I mean look at these I, don't can't talk. These are fake. I was suing, they seemed pretty authentic, no I think they're real. This guy he's a knucklehead he's, not he's not. Usually you can tell when it's fake. This is the type. That's not fake, he's not planning this. He comes to lunch and splashes water in people's faces. Why I think the giveaway comes later in the story that it is real huh I? Didn't know you got boyfriend in that there boys, that's war in your face, like I, do giggling and cackling like a loony. So anyway, you guys get the idea, so this guy's been doing shitty pranks for a long time, and this video got picked up by the media and started getting reported and a lot of UK publications because of the implications of the acid attack. They're like this guy's, a piece of [, __ ] and he's pretending and inciting fear that he's throwing acid in people's faces in the midst of this really this crisis, and so YouTube removes that specific video there off YouTube and gives him a strike. Okay and a lot of people are talking about him in the UK about what a piece of [ __ ] he is. So the genius makes a response. Video he's I've been doing this for about three years now: Abbadon pranks and just you know, YouTube in general, for about three years. I've never once come across anything about nothing about Community Guidelines strikes, none of that care, and so yesterday my video throwing water on people's faces. When viral and the media co-op on it. Um I got Daily Mail, Daily Star, independent, the Sun, all of the media companies literally slandering my name for literally I prank. That was meant to be funny and a lot of grow. You are [ __ ], brain-dead like he is, the embodiment is just a prank bro, it was just a finger was meant to be funny. I, laugh I was laughing like a little kid, as I ran away after through splashing water and so his face at 30 degrees. It's like how stupid can you be bro found it funny and all I've done. The prank was literally pour water in a cup, a subway cup and a fruit and calm people's faces literally all I did all I did all I did was use my car. What's the big deal, yeah like you, can't preface anything with that, expect it to be okay. All I did is that it doesn't cancel out. What you do all I did was find a corpse in the in the suicide force and click beta and play play a quick game for a quick kiss with it shovel people are they wheelchairs, though it was meant to be funny. I lost I'm, not riffing, on the British exit, but this guy sells I, don't think anyone will take offence, I think this Celtic I think they're ready to ship him, which they found out a joke cool. That's not appointment, yes, I accept that shouldn't have done it at this moment of time, but and I accept all their comments and stuff. That's been said about me: I've been getting a lot of interviews, radio like proposals, it's people hollering me like y'all, coming torture by come, talk to it and I'm thinking hold on. Have you guys not seen all my videos if you, by the way, yeah- and this is part that video was part three? Have you guys not seen part one and two of splashing water in people's faces? I'm a I have a track record. So basically, what he's saying is like I, have never got in trouble for these shitty pranks before. Why are you all acting like as a big deal, because if this video was removed by YouTube I got a strike? Why shouldn't all my other videos, the next day, YouTube erases his whole [, __, ] channel gone every single video? His channel has been erased off the face of YouTube. We had to go to the Deep Web to get these reuploads 700,000 subscribers, like 10 million views a month, YouTube's like you're, right, yeah, you're right gone, it's pretty crazy, completely deserved they've been given. People passes for so long. The [ __ ] is ridiculous. It's it's! It's armful I just was like. Oh, my god. After I saw this response, video I was like bro. You listen, she's, basically arguing for you to be shot in shadow before guys think this is bad. Have you not seen what [Laughter] they're trying to say like one video I offended, you guys, then all my videos were literally like anal. You guys put a plea exactly so. If anybody at YouTube is watching this, please check out the rest of our videos. I think you'll find a lot of stuff. I broke the rules and every one of my videos and nobody say them, don't look through videos. Have you not seen the rest of my videos? I think this might be the dumbest person on YouTube official award, you cry when he says what I mean Zack stick something that means exactly what its gonna put a subway couple, my ass joke and was met, never meant to be for like these old boring people, but not only that you or old boring people make a responsible, sizable people, adults over the age of 15, also aka the people that [ __ ] running YouTube, the people that are hosting used to be cheap, has gone I. Listen to all these people there, not only that YouTube has actually gone and listened to these people and prioritized am gonna. Have this guy as a future. As a lawyer, YouTube didn't work out by hell, because the law school goes, it I would agree, but this guy winds up in this case I'm gonna a no. You excuse me, judge you're upset about this video. The rest of my videos will literally Anil you excuse me. Do you have a girlfriend? [Laughter] move the video and striked my channel. This is how upset he is about their mouth. I've been doing YouTube for three years. Youtube is my job and the fact that the media want to pick up on this situation. Now yesterday, I was bantering about it like cool, it's funny how I'm getting all these you know, comments and stuff because generally I don't care about hate, I, don't care about I, don't care what people's opinions I genuinely don't care! It's going to a point now, where YouTube and it's the whole situation, just playing with my business, my money bro. So what that's the consequence people aren't allowed to affect your income you're in you're on YouTube you're, getting paid. You have an employer kind of in a way. Well, you have to you have to follow the rules. If you don't follow the rules, you get booted that's day, one. You figure that out, which is not right. The video was literally of me, - in a cup of water on people's faces. That sounds bad. It was just me violently throwing water all right. I've seen enough of this [ __ ] clowns get annulled, bombings and stabbings and pornography which has not been deleted yet and I've seen it myself again and you got any leaks, I'm searching for porn every day who [ __ ], watches porn on YouTube. This guy loves. This is the only guy and stabbings embalming yeah. Oh just because my view does get a couple attention um what you want to like delete it and sigh my channel for it. No I did exactly what you eat. That's what happened. The weird thing is like he's, describing exactly what happened. You know in a way where he's like defensive, but it's very reasonable. What he's saying he's a so detached from what he's saying his reaction to it so he's like all I did was splash water violently in someone's face and YouTube took the video down. Why did they do that? Anyone else? It's like yeah Salinas for three years now, I think it's not smart enough to even like, like sugarcoat it mm-hm I've been doing videos and prank I've been doing a harsher prank I've been doing the way more controversial pranks that has not been deleted enough enough on it, not even I'm one of the there you go. It's literally someone's like great. Let me find those ones and delete your whole channel what just because it's get a lot attention and youtubers on a bad name for it. You're gonna go ahead and listen to all these people. All these guys who found the video was you keep saying that that's it! That's all it takes. I got a shove on his hand, he's he's talking he's just like all right. All I've done is throw water in people's face. All my other videos are way worse. Alright, well, see you guys good night he's animating himself. Yeah I could wanna I keep wanting to stop, but it's just so entertaining I feel like it's kind of a thrill watching the sky dig his own grave, and this moment this moment was time. What I genuinely don't think? Oh, this comment and oldest you know, taking down a video necessary I was cool with being a juice box for the Commission stuff, but the fine apke get a newspaper. You're gonna have to find some listings for a job. What's this guy gonna do I wonder: what's his kid gonna be Zach where's this guy gonna be in two years: look at Subway: three cups, free water cups. Oh man, I just love that story. It's such a wonderful! It's like such a great tale of justice, porn I'm, just thrilled I love it. It's great! I love it! So there you have it. My friends with this is turned into kind of the prankster episode, because our next story is about a prankster. It feels like the good old times the good old days, the glory days and there's really nothing more glorious than this. Prank invasion is back. Finally, nice and we've all been waiting, but here I'm, Chris he's so intentionally. Baiting me for another commentary channels at this point that I feel like I can't make a video about it anyway, yeah and kind of ruins it. The the meme he's embraced the meme too far because when she becomes self-aware me embracing it's like Ethan Bradberry is commenting on every Instagram post I make he's missing slamming on every post, he's making like a whole volume of slamming videos which is great to watch, and we are gonna watch it today. Incidentally, hmm but I can't like make a three video when you know you're self-aware about it, yeah Joey, salads tweets, oh I'm, gonna get back to my roots and go a dump uh abduct some kids. He does I can't do I can't make fun of him. Cuz I, know I, know you're you're goofing around about it. So any well I want you guys to see just a little bit. This is kissing pranks high school edition. Now you know here it's been a long time today we're coming back strong with kissing prank high school edition. As always, let's do it as always stay awesome. Who says that who says that someone says that right, yeah stay off what grade? Are you I've said that that's mine now stay awesome everyone, so here this is. This is how you know this is a real pickup game right here. Listen to your senior um. Are you over 18? Are you over 18? What's your name? Are you over 18? That's how all great courtship courtships begin guys if you guys got a girl for Valentine's Day this you try that what I think I think it'll work. Well, it's an opening line really one of one of the most time he'll pickup lines of all time. Are you over 18? Oh you over 16 mmm, I love it as a second question to white: what's your name's a photo straight to the point and to follow and and and the older you are, the the better it plays like if you're 20 doesn't play that. Well, if you're flex 50, are you over 18 Oh swoon? What get anal the older you are, the better it sounds when you ask how if you're over 18 come on, what swoon is like when your heart flutters with love? It's like handled now notice these guys in the background who are obvious plants watch this play out. I believe that, oh you wait watch this play out. Like this shit's faker than I love, there were homes by the way. Look it up. I, love that that the towers never existed. Yeah the towers. Remember: uh, we're 3d holograms that were taken down by earth way. They're played hologram, it's true! No, if you wanted to play a really quick game for a kiss with me, are you yeah? Are you down? Okay, Robert Zuzu go rock paper watch the guys in the back rock paper scissors. You know it forget. The game here take a peek pp-put, the kill, as if they're so caught in the moment that couldn't possibly acknowledge the the mania going out going on around them. It was probably thinking like Frank invasion is coming back with a whole. We upped the production value. We got extras we're going to we're going to high school campuses near you by the way after this video, even with it being fake I, don't think Chris should be allowed near schools anymore. This should be a flat out school band for Chris. How old do you think he is he's, probably pushing 30? How old are you? What is this? Oh Sh read her open the door guest room. He almost got him what a little guy oh he's such an angel, what a great little guy he's the greatest I'm, not worthy I'm, not worthy I, always say when I see shredder us humans are not worthy of the pure love and appreciation that dogs give us they're, angels, they're angels, I'm, [, __ ] on the carpet. All right, that's fine! So anyway, prank invasion should be banned from campuses. But here here this is the part where I was like man. I really can't make a video about this. Let me show you the top comment on this video. In fact, I'll just scroll down top comment is, of course it changed waiting for the h3 Street reaction, video lull smiley face, and he says me too Frank invasion said me too so Adam. So it's like I, don't Zack thinks that it's a reverse psychology thing I, don't know! If it's this morning it seems like it might be. I think he genuinely wants us to react to it. Cuz he wants the publicity I, just I I know. What's the endgame of this? What's the point of this he had to have, though this was enough to generate attention. He has like a dating website now that he's trying to kick traffic to so the monetization really isn't central to his business. Molly more. He says this, but that's my point is he doesn't need to make this video and he doesn't need to make a video where his the point of it. Is he [, __ ] house? Does he he needs he needs views? He doesn't get like ten million views on every video like he used to I. Guess my point is: what is what does he want the audience to think that he could [ __ ] impressionable high school students? What what is he? What is he trying to convey through the audience? Yeah I mean that's the same thing that he's always done is that if you're, bold enough and you're cute enough and your hair looks good and you show enough shoulders and arms right and you have enough mascara on, you can [ __ ] any QT with the simple game of a rock paper scissor and he's he's selling, while he's selling a fantasy first of all for the views and, second of all, once this video started getting demonetised, he built this whole how to how to get girls based on this obviously fake BS mm-hmm boot camp, where you pay a monthly fee, so he's he has to convince people that it's real or otherwise he doesn't get. You know he doesn't get any of those juicy CPAs. That means cost-per-acquisition in the marketing world. All right, so that's it bring it in bring it in goddamn it we're having a celebration. It's our 50th episode. None of us never thought we make it this far, if I'm being honest, mm-hmm. First of all, everyone come in here. If I'm being honest when we started this- and we got this space- and we did all-out I was like there's no way- this is gonna last. This is just I felt like we had made a huge mistake. We were really close to just shutting it all down ending our lease scrapping all this [ __ ] and just really dropping the whole thing, but we powered through it and I think picking up Dan de swert, our wonderful producer, who took this to the next level. He made this what it is today, this technical masterpiece. We have Ian the intern, god bless him, he's making waves he's doing stuff, I, don't know what he's doing, but I'm sure he's helpful. He's got pizzas. We've got Papa John's holy macaroni, we've got no. Now we said to ourselves what better way to celebrate than having some papa john's pizza and some Pepsi Max and champagne glasses, there's really no better way to celebrate. Okay, when I said that ela said to me, she said why don't you get another piece of because I actually am hungry and want to eat? What do you mean? She says everyone's? Just being nice to you Ethan, they don't actually want Papa, John's I said: oh, you think that all you think that people made Papa John's most popular finsih Jane in America, are just trying to be nice to me. You think that cheese that butter, garlic sauce is a joke. All I'm saying is I'm really hungry I'm, not in John right well, so I says all right. Ela your big shot. Let's get one black all of mushroom, Papa John and one black all of mushroom. What do we get round table? I said: dealer's choice, you guys pick I, don't hear anything, and now we're gonna do is taste test. If this isn't the perfect podcast material I, don't know what is listen to a silently for people who are not watching and listening, listen to a silently chew into the mic come on. This is good stuff. So, anyway, guys thank you for bearing with us and for coming along for the ride. It's been, it's been a joy, I love it I love what this has become and I love. What you guys have stood here. Thank you to Dan and to Sarah to entered and to mr. hilarious out there, even though it's his first episode with us I was a big cornerstone from day one. It's all the way we really do need a fart coming from there, so defects yeah next time, we'll have oh, my god, what the [ __ ] there's so many olives on that alright so set that up for us. If you would, you can join us too for the taste test. I won't get your opinion on that. Give that to you. Oh the frickin hater, you, oh the hater, that's your nickname later! I just realized by the way very happy to excite it in March. We are gonna. Do our first lot and we do it live or die right now, but we're going to do a live audience at the improv in Hollywood. Thank you very much real-life. Well, I. Don't have the link to start selling tickets. Yes yet, but our plan is to start doing a live, show every once a month in LA very excited and my I've already RSVP'd booked a huge guest. My parents are gonna, do with the intro for us they're, pretty VIP I had to bend some I had to call in some favors I had to call in some favors for that all right. So, let's, let's this is really. This is really awful material, but hey it's my show. Let's hear okay, so this is Papa John's. Are we doing it toast yeah? We have to talk what yours are the other guys they'll know someone's gotta run the show so Cheers Dan god bless you thanks man and Sarah and Ian out there and everyone god bless you. Thank you guys for all your work appreciate. That was me kissable. Thank you and everybody watching everybody watching Cheers love. You do people really usually celebrate 50. We do take any reason to celebrate more of a mean mean libration feels good to have the math okay, so Sarah Sarah actually went on a wild goose chase to pill, cure the max, apparently they're phasing it out. Sarah. Do you have access to a mic? Well, she went to uh. She went to Ralph's Vaughn's 99-cent store Costco super as a whole ordeal. My favorite part was calling in everywhere and asking them to look for Pepsi bags, they're like what they're like what I really made. Pepsi listen. Lady I have to do Crystal Pepsi. This Max is actually very nice. What is this 2017? Let's see it's been aged yeah. This has been aged 3 months in good, oh I can tell I, can good plastic flavors the nice figures didn't smell bad, don't don't drink it too fast. Let's come on. That's a $2.00 bottle all right. So before we move on, let's address the hater in the room, ela. Let's no take a bite of Papa John's. Now, let's be courteous to those listening and not watching Papa John's feminist grab. It has a nice finish. It has a nice gloss. There is it's kind of short on the olives and mushrooms. It doesn't have a lot. If you look at the round table, it is layered on yeah. So on top marks on topping is goes to round table easily. Okay, but I'm not saying it's better I'm, just saying it is Dan's mic, not on saying no! Oh! Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! It's been cursed, I, don't know, what's happened, then. Can you fix your own mic? You'll come back and join us. You ready Allah, take the Papa John bite, mmm, let Papa take you. Are you serious? After all, this [ __ ] talk. After all these times, dude you're, the pro no come on. How about how about this? Can you hear me out there guys yeah all right, take a bite. I live here. We go we're doing papa I'm so going your parents keep telling you to put on sit belt as a kid and then they don't it's like then I like papa all right interesting. What are you? What are you in here help me? It's ok, how many, how many five Papa's? How many fathers do you read it out of four? That's four dads who don't love me? As for the round table who's, the round table I know Monica immediately what'd, you say: I know which one immediately ela serves your soul. You know the truth. Don't [ __ ] lie: can I get some more max, let's all out in the count of three say, which was our favorite slice, because I don't want any one. Three two one are you I cannot believe that anyone could objectively taste those two pies together and inside I'm, a sucker for the toppings dude, but I'm not having ratio. It doesn't do anything when the pizza itself tastes, like fricking plastic I, just said it I just said it to me. I just gotta, say I couldn't I couldn't say: I couldn't I couldn't not say the words you know it's like I owe it to wait. So did you won't be honest? You like to spare my feelings. Tell me the truth. Some comments from the peanut gallery, all right, I think personally, fun come on, you're being sarcastic or whatever I think. Well. They just I think that one wins with the more toppings. But it's not it's like. Okay, it's like do. You have a piece of [ __ ] with more olives like wow. Oh, it's got more AUB's, it didn't taste better. It [ __ ] for my money, Papa's in the house, I'm not finished the best pizza. In this case, it's the clear, Victor I agree: I, don't I, don't have to say it like that. Well, I was really. This is some good podcasting pizza episode, 50 we've peaked everybody. This is this is when everyone stopped watching moving on. When you have some answer, when you have some data, just chime in Dan, but I'm gonna move on here's, a video that really blew me, the flip away. This is just this episode is all about the classics. Okay, we talked about the pranksters, we're getting back and I hate saying this word, but for lack of better you know, I'm, not gonna, say social justice where, let's say hard left hard left shenanigans, stop saying Mary watch, so this guy's thesis this guy's thesis is that the word marijuana is racist. Okay! No! Let's, let's hit listen to argue this case, stop saying marijuana. Why? Because it's racist ass! Well, that is a pretty strong statement. It's racist! As flip! You know your argument strongly start off your leg with my. So you stop saying your word: no, it's eight anymore you're, not even arguing that it's bad, but you just saying you should say it. That's really the problem with the hard left, they're, always starting every argument with that note saying things that make me uncomfortable and in this case he stretches the limit of being able to complain about someone using a word to the outer reaches of the solar system. I just feel like you, you lose like literally like 99% of people when they hear this stuff, it sounds insane I think it isn't saying it is, but my point is I, don't know who they're trying to get who they're appealing yeah I, don't like I felt like this. If you show this video to every person in America, I, literally, don't think one person would stop segment along because that's exactly nobody's being converted here, in fact probably hating them more I feel like people would be more glad to say it if they do it piss this guy off yeah, let's play the video, so we know what we're talking about people of color and their devilish ways. Now the word, if so, here's that kid run back there, but it was used by American prohibitionist to exploit racism and xenophobia so by using the n-word you're, ignoring a long history of oppression against. You would talk about that for a second, the episode yeah when you, when you want to go back a little bit. So when you use the M word, you are ignoring the history of Oprah. It's like it's like it. When you say marijuana, you are choosing to ignore all the oppression of every Mexican. That's ever come to America, if I, don't by the way, the obvious. The elephant in the room here is you're. Gonna put the word marijuana on the same level as a [, __ ] word. That has to do it like hundreds of years of slavery like JLo and like the Atlas fire hosing black guys down the street chasey with dogs freaking like google, it like groups of of white shrouded min literally hanging people for nothing else than that, because lighting torches is just right, yeah, so yeah exactly it's it with them. It's just a war of extremes. It's like here's another! This is a that word, it's just as bad there's the M word knows: there's no there's! No, it's not there's. No spectrum is everything's as bad as the next thing. You can't have what bad thing be worse than another bad thing, everything's as bad as everything else. The M word. The first thing, I thought when I watch this was like on our limited time on this planet Earth or the finite existence. We don't have a lot of time on this planet, you're choosing to get enraged and bothered over this. The M word, there's no implication. There's there's hardly any explanation for it. You're, not converting. Anyone like you are literally just in the Olympics of outrage. That's what you're competing in the Olympics of the outrage you're going for the gold medal. Our time on this planet is limited, do not start getting disturbed by the M word for Christ's sake and and, as you pointed out Zak, you have real words that you shouldn't say like the end. The n-word is a really offensive word. Let's not say that let's not dilute it and I know this guy. He probably holds that in the highest level of offensiveness right, let's not dilute in the power of that word by making a whole alphabet. Listen am worried. That's where the P word, the l word would, by the way, would use when you try to make that wound. We took the word meant a lot as bad as the that word: you're you're, giving it power that word it. That word has zero power right now. Are you sure you're trying to make a new horrible word you're, trying to give something power that doesn't have power right now? Nobody ever and the whole continental United States thinks about marijuana's as having any racial implication at all. So for this jerk up, you know what, in the last thing you'll say is if you make this word as bad as any other. Like horrible swear word, you know the only people were gonna use. This are gonna, be [, __, ], actual racists, we're trying to piss you off. If you make it as bad as that word right right, if you actually do it, these guys were successful in elevating this word that the old people would use, it would be racist versus just now what everybody says: it has no question they're, just giving them more weaponry. Yeah I, don't think he says it's basically like saying you know what else would offend me if you would use that KQ. Please never say this thing. You didn't know ever offended me. Can you please that- and we say this you've basically made it a sport to offend us, and you know what would really offend me that you don't know about yet cuz. It's not offensive the M word. You know my biggest fear. It's like the prankster saying like this video offended you, so you should check out my other naughty words. Everything that triggers me I will weep if you say this word I think that it really just shows how unthought out and how unthoughtful an unintellectual. This actually is they're trying so hard to be on like intellectual and historical, but really this just it's really just so stupid I mean it's really just dumb. Shall we let's go on a quick history lesson? Shall we uh? What okay do you know anything about history? Can you go back really quick? Why do all these [ __ ] publications? Do that thing where they show the camera from like the site of this guy's faces. It's so weird. You know these guys explain why marijuana is literally worse than 911, okay, polar decide, camp yeah, please! It's show the side of my face where I'm not looking at the camera. It's like, they know, they're, just in a basement in front of a green screen that was turned into a gray grady. Actually it's probably a gray wall like we have one gray wall in our basement that we shoot all of our videos on. Let's add a second camera. We don't even have a second camera, let's just shimmy this one to the left a little bit so that it looks like we have a higher production pause ten feet to the left. Let go okay, more credibility, given okay slide it back. True, they all have the same silence, because there's probably be more dead people. It's like six. It's like two guys doing all five videos a day. It's probably some frickin. It's probably just some genius producer who doesn't care at all about social justice he's just found like a top dollar market. They love the two cam little shimmy to the side. Shall we? Why do you have to be so like? Shall we looking down at stupid people? They tell you [ __ ], it works. I. Just read this on Wikipedia. So let's take a history lesson. Shall we yeah I was at Wikipedia for five minutes. Last night at 2:00 a.m. let me tell you, [ __ ] insects, a little something [ __ ] peons, soon by the American elite. Since the 1840s, it was even sold over the counter as medication to treat insomnia, migraines and rheumatism, but it didn't become controversial until the early 1900s when millions of Mexicans migrated to the US following the Mexican Revolution with them. They brought marijuana medical accustomed to smoking, it casually and regular, but the term was then popularized in the 1930. Look, a bunch of hooligans to me. Do do Wells, I, think I, think I'm. So to agree with these guys he's talking about wait a mo man just bringing out you coming over smoking weed, I, don't know, no Anslinger believe that marijuana influenced black and brown people to commit murder and other violence. I'm not true cut this whole boy down we're [, __, ], you're, [, __, ] right now, that's the war! So ridiculous! Oh it's ridiculous! Okay, you know, I always really do the impression that Mexicans, a black people would smoke weed and like decapitate white guys, whatever whatever there's a full moon but I, guess I, guess it's ridiculous I'm! So sorry for thinking that it's cut to Harold and Kumar sit on their couch, wash shut up, eat munchies and fall asleep. It's nice job Elizabeth! Has anybody ever heard of the tropes of people eating and falling asleep when they smoke weed like hey guys, did you know that you smoke weed you get sleepy and hungry? You know decapitate white people in the street now yes now, this is funny. Do the devil hordes on your hands? Would you say that no I don't want this to be used? We have video 5 B decline. Oh man, I'm, so sleepy I feel like I, just smoked a joint and a bag of munchies. This pizza, you're, literally [ __ ] blazed right now, I'm, so blaze. Guys. Please hit that like button. If you love getting high VT food afterwards, don't call it marijuana, though. Oh sorry, I mean the M word very one up guys, don't drink marijuana juicing, please call it. The M word: hey bro can I get some M word: dude relax, relax man I can already hear just [ __ ] [ __ ]. Don't stop dude bro, let's, let's roll it! M word: let's roll up! What do you? How are you altering our language? You loser you out. That's what they're like we're losing the ability to actually communicate like in 1984. Those were Jordan, Pearson, he's so afraid of the far-left, because they're and they're, taking away our use of words they're trying to control how we talk in 1984, they're, editing, the language of removing all the expression out and boiling it down to as little words as possible. That's what they're trying to do in a way. We don't have any words love, it's all. Just gonna, be l word M, word! Well it by the way. I know it's been waived the points of a before, but a lot of every almost every word. We use today to describe things casually like idiot, [, __, ], it's stupid and lazy. Those are all medical terms at one point, like episode, boron I think an idiot we're all literal likes you bracket. So like the 30s and 40s Zack, you may have just said the most offensive thing. I've ever heard in my life you [ __, ], stupid idiot lazy. All of those words you just one more on becomes an M word. Then you have to my point. Is it was a one right that beat like the word M one M, two um two word. So, what's gonna fade to fifty years? You see it, though dizzy someone's gonna watch this podcast in the public record of them like fifty years and look back like we were Nazis or something. The judge is gonna slam his gavel down and say order. Huh solution was to launch a vicious propaganda campaign against mr. Wyden here at another fight on the actual, inferior, racist and so to be a little more intense linger traveled across the country to convince people that marijuana was something that was invading of the US. He even pronounce the drug ask marijuana to make it sound, Hispanic and say: okay, so that's he saying it was racist to call it marijuana because he was trying to implicate Mexicans, but nobody refers to it as marijuana. Everybody calls it marijuana. That's the English word. Marijuana is Spanish. That guy may have been erased. His [ __ ], trying to the you, know criminalized Mexicans, but nobody says that everyone says marijuana. You buy the look in the dictionary. It's there. It's an English word. You can just make like a history piece about it and just like for your information. This is where it came from right. That's interesting, I agree, but why do you have to make it this whole thing about? You can't say this word right: cuz, it's [, __, ], racist! That's how we opened races, [, __ ]! Oh yes, Father, bleep, it's like bro! Really! Is it really? Oh yeah I forgot to point out. He goes there's a great moment in the beginning. He goes stop saying marijuana. Why? Because it's racist, ass, okay, people of color and their devilish ways now the word is inherently racist: okay, wrap it up. Everyone go home, it's racist as [ __ ]. Now the word. Is it inherently racist? This word is [ __ ] racist. Well, it's not racist. It's not exactly racist! Well, I'm completely nullifying my own video after 15 seconds. We continue our incredible. He really should be a lawyer too Oh between him and hits. Aria they're gonna be very compelling argument. You're gonna hold court any case again. The campaign against marijuana and associated with all inferior races and social deviants Anslinger traveled across the country to convince people that marijuana was simple with successfully which made the drug illegal at a federal level. That seems to help people with several argue that marijuana lost its prejudiced bite years ago, but you can't ignore the racial implications of its introduction to the American lexicon. Besides, nothing has to change this whole conversation was actually very deja vu, we're still trying to fight the negative stigma. Why was he talking about yeah that I don't understand why he throws that these changes, the 30s? Are you [, __, ], bonkers dude, it's legal in, like five states. Now people like 65% of the US. Was it legalized what the [ __ ]! Is he talking like? Twenty years ago there was actually I paid for commercial on television again, like people would disown their kids for smoking. Wait. Twenty years ago, I learned it from you dad Bill Clinton said I didn't hail like seriously wrote that he said I didn't the hail, the weed, what I did in college? It was a big deal now. It's like Obama's, like yeah I smoked weed yeah I did crack I did weed. That's that's races. Well, it's the truth. Brother! That's the c-word! Wait. Are you serious head? Did he admit to doing crack? No, that's what you know he's a new-age president. You know hey that's happen! That's how you race this phrase. At these days, I've said crack once I wasn't I didn't feel anything Obama did say he used cocaine to be fair, uh-huh! That's racist road, that's race! Please the c-word! Yeah! All right! Let's get this idiot off! The screen see you later at [, __ ]. What's this guy's name whatever? Let's not implicate myself, any further, it's quick up but up! Thank you for you guys. Oh yeah uh split vote here, Pizza yeah. We have to Papa's to round tables in the peanut gallery. I want to know what you know: yeah you you go first I'll get my results. Will Suu you explain the results. There's everybody! What's the breakdown? Who did what everybody is uh telling me? They don't want me to reveal that information elements Lee album out everybody here. Do you see how tense it is in this office? You see, I wrote the IRS. People are afraid to talk to me the truth. Even my own wife, there's a trash can on file in here dude there's rights going on there's broken windows. Well, that's the president, because I thought papa was a the clear winner and I was pretty open-minded. Well tell you you're careful on that one I have to agree. Thank you. I took a bite of the other one. It's not bad, it's not bad! You know and I love myself. Some wells of mushrooms, don't be honest. Oh yeah I'll play the [ __ ] truth I'm not going to see you, so is he a no voted in the intern betrayal again, sometimes I wonder why I even have you here if you're gonna, like you, have to back me up on these things like I, don't really care what your true opinion is. I. Have you here to back me up when I need it? You you're here to swing the vote, who you don't you spit her on the floor? I'm gonna be honest with you spit all Papa John's onto the floor word stomped on in the interval. What did I do to deserve this disrespect? Okay, I'm surprised, but okay. So it's a split decision, although ela you preferred Papa. So thank you but I, don't believe her still yeah me. Neither I don't want you being so coy about it, because I gotta keep there. She can't spoil the meme dude yeah yeah I'm gonna, get when we're off the air. I'm, really gonna, dig in I, wanna I, just a personal level. Wanna know all right: let's keep going don't and by the way don't use the p-word pizza's came from Italians. They were the Italians had a rough time called dogs. They had the Italians get a rough date. People get my heart the time that I was taking our time, get my break EULA. Please sorry, all right! So these guys, you know what I'm gonna skip this one, the southern ones Zach these guys they made another video called why we need more women in comedy and, frankly, it is very funny but I'm not going to touch that landmine basic the basics of it. Is it's a video of them saying we? Basically, we need a quota like if you look like the the rundown is. If you want to be a woman of comedy, go for it, I think nobody's gonna, stop you and if you're funny you will do well, but this idea that everything just go watch the video you know tell me if you want to watch it, it's a landmine, it's a landmine I'm, not even gonna, try to make that ballerina dance to that I'm, not grateful enough to make it out of there alive, like the lasers, I'm, cutting through the bank. It's not what happening! Don't touch that one! So that's out there if anyone's interested, bring it on back again and the theme of just back with the old classics. Ethan Bradbury is back slamming again and I mean there's. Definitely something to talk about here. It's so funny that, like for a whole year, we were trying to get their attention and they would completely ignore us. They act like we're crazy, even two years yeah and then now, when demand is kind of like no one cares, they're trying to bring him back he's, making even Brad Barrow singer Lee he's got like a whole. This is volume to slamming, but he's got like five slamming videos now, and he call us at every one of Ella's and mine. Instagram saying slamming is everything is slamming? It's like Ethan. You missed the train bro well anyway. Let's watch it here, because I can't really make h3 tweet about it. It's still I mean it's still. A journey through to man. Look like they really stepped other production value. They've got all these artistic shots. What do you? What are the chances they actually cleaned that cup up? Do you think I was thinking about that? Probably zero right, bro, I love, this Omar go clean up. Can you fly through CGI yo? He has the intro of like a serious animation production house and what, if I'm, here's like a al kufan Bradbury productions, no, no production, music, serious - yeah! This is like this is a real, genuine expression. This is then, a wreck. This cut you having a good day, y'all enjoying for the right offenses users y'all have a nice little brunch, nice they're, like oh man, this guy he's away from his care [Music] by the way boob with their boob coming out warning [, __, ], yeah dude. Look at that boob coming out. We need a Joey salads cream yeah. Still we have do we yeah we're stuck where's that that was real or oh man. I wish that I reacted as [ __ ]. That way like how cool would your life be? Would someone bother you you [ __, ] I would have such sass free in right now, and you would hear some sass from me. If that was me, damn yeah, you know what that was um, but you get the idea yet II gotta, yes, there's a really great one. Can I try yeah? He takes this poor son of a [ __ ] gonna watch. This can I try a few madness with him here. Just imagine being this poor guy at the donut yeah nah, just ridin can I. Try like you know like well you're, not giving me any option he's like you know what it's not worth dying over this today. This guy, this guy's check his belt to me out. There's no there's! No lump sticking out he's like you know what this guy is a Looney tune and I don't want to anvil on my head. That's great! Really elevating the heart. He say weak! Urge this! You, oh yeah, two years ago, did we encourage this donuts known as a direct consequence of us. You bad you make it to that age and Kitty bullied. First types: it's really 12! No also, can you say B word on man, there's a lot of Ebola: it's triggering your right! Now, yeah you word toilet duty. Bead I got beat at school day. I got anal didn't school today, mom, don't say pee, don't say Boyd honey say annulled this guy's like can somebody call the cops, yeah she's posted with this poor? Ladies, it's just the intro and the music and everything is just really bizarre and then the music. So it's really serious. It's very serious. It's almost like a psychotic confession yeah. This is who I am Bradbury bill and Brad Berry Farms. So anyway, that's one there's another one. This like I, told you there's like he's, got volumes of this [ __ ] you just walks front and screaming slamming today pretty much easy job. This one's a journey through madness in love with that intro hello. Everyone welcome back I'm Ethan Bradberry. If you guys are brand new I. Welcome you guys on ball with all this slime base, where some of the most powerful lies, shakable people out there, you guys are returning I welcome. You guys like thank you that was beautiful, I need them, so I felt wonderful, so they're Miami, you know there's. So he has a one of these guys here. Cuz I'm sick of you don't have also got potato soup. Oh my god, so that's a hard sell lie. I'm wondering and his mind. He's like I'm, not I, know you're being a douche and I and I want to be completely unfazed. I. Think I think he does that like crazy. By the way yeah I saw this someone asking where did mo go I'm 100 and it's not the intro, says Ethan Bradberry. Why they split yeah Wow. Did they have a falling-out yeah one Bradbury one got slammed too hard got eight old boy, that's a wrong da game right and now he's got this like dollar store mo Bradbury. Look who's this guy! Well, it's wrong! Nobody cares about you, [Music] not make the experience just had right now. He really really likes I'm told out all good I'm new here you know so anyway. So now here he is back at his Graham in his grandma's living room, but the couch is covered in plastic. Don't know Kelly and Ryan Seacrest. They invited me to this show because of how strong we really are, and they really so in his story. Kelly Clarkson and Ryan Seacrest invite him to their show. Let's see if that's true so they've invited me onto this show- and you know they wanted me to slam for them. Ryan Seacrest, inviting Ethan Bradberry on the slam, [Music] [Applause], being escorted off by security. I was invited on. They really know Irish powerful in slamming I love a whole month and they wreck their now. So that's a that's a journey through Bradbury farms, there's some fresh ones still to pick but honestly winter is coming and I think these Bradbury's about to wither and die off with the with the harsh winter cold. That's coming, I'm, hoping that comes spring, we'll have a fresh harvest with some new berries but I think these slam. Berries are just about picked that a good man was that a good honestly. We've got some more other stuff to talk about, but I think we're good. We got the Elan a space thing, I guess we should touch on that, let's close it up with Elan, we were getting pretty heated about that Zac. When we're talking about so Elon Musk. Most of you probably heard the news that SpaceX has basically revolutionized space travel by first of all, what they did is they invented a rocket that can not only launch in an outer space with cargo, but it can land itself and save the actual rocket for reuse NASA. For example, they used to launch it into space and the rocket would come crashing down to earth and was just complete garbage. It will cost them like eighty million dollars per launch and what's what SpaceX has done is literally cut the cost in half it cost them. Forty million dollars to launch and the cargo capacity has doubled, and what they've done recently has proved the concept I hello pop, a jumper up there. What's the pepsi max burp, so so, Elon being the showman that he is he's got the song he's got the dance he's a he's, a god. He took his original roadster, which was the first generation of Tesla cars, which is extremely heavy. Car I'm put it in this rocket with a a rocket man in a spacesuit in the driver's seat and webcams and shot it in to space. One of the most spectacular and coolest things I've ever seen in my lifetime. That was obviously just a stunt. It was a PR, it was a marketing move. The real intention was to proved the concept of this new rocket. They had that could launch twice as much cargo and land itself and cost half as much done by a private company. Nasa has been left in the smoke and NASA is now paying SpaceX to bring their cargo to the International Space Station. So, first of all, before we get into that controversy, let me just show you some pictures because they are absolutely breathtaking. I mean this. Is this, for example, is a real picture? This is a real picture, yeah, it's crazy! This is unbelievable. This is the coolest [ __ ] ever and it was also playing on the radio spaceman by David Bowie I, love that, like the guy, has got it all he's got it all. He is a marketing genius and, and frankly, look at this photo. It's crazy that um two million people were watching this live. It was one of the most watched live streams ever I think it had like 2.1 million concurrent viewers, unbelievable look at this photo. This is a real photograph. This is a real photograph. Look at that flat earth right there. If you're willing to buy the lies of a private company like SpaceX, then I don't have a help for you sheep. This is a real photograph that that just I, don't know blows my mind personally, there's so many excellent photographs from the livestream. Look at this one bro you [, __, ], kidding me the reflection of the earth on the hood of the Roadster mm-hmm. So essentially, most everyone is like this is great. This is super cool I feel like this is an in a weird way on a real big achievement for Humanity and for space exploration and space industry. Well, of course, anything great and cool doesn't come without the contrarians, the haters. We will just want to complain and I'd say you can't say marijuana, you have to say the n-word now I have a feeling, it's the same exact people, so here's the whiners and the contrarians first, let's start with what was it salon yeah now, there's actually a great little rabbit hole here on their website. You click you go to salon and they say you have adblock and I mean that's fair enough. They don't want you to use adblock, but then this is kind of weirded me out. They says we would like to use your computing power. You can support salon.com by allowing them and use your processor for calculations. Calculations are clearly executed in your browser. Installing this is a [ __ ] virus, don't click it. We stole a Bitcoin mining virus on your computer because you have adblock. No, this is a scam. No, what you can't so I just spoil it. Don't click that look I, don't I, don't condone using adblock. We have to do it for the sake of the show, whatever I I have it whitelist on YouTube, but I found that interesting. But here's one that we can actually read from The Guardian and it is called why Elon Musk space launch is utterly depressing. I am utterly depression, I am I, am so joyless. Honestly, a lot must reconsider. I am utterly and and absolutely devastated by this launch, it's frankly ruined my entire year. I wish you luck, must put this [ __ ] right over the car instead of the little boxes that yeah by the way, the title of the other salon, one that wants to install Bitcoin mining virus on my computer was why Elon Musk's space launch was a slap in the face to real science, as if you're someone to quantify what real science means. It's not real science to [ __ ] invent a new rocket that can land itself and launch other parts. That's not real science. Real science is writing a complaining article on the internet. Posting real science is installing how bloatware to my bitcoins that's real science, real science so hard to impress. What can you say, I'm a journalist, I know: what's real sighs, the doodle is for salade by the way yeah? What do you do for a living right, yeah I, read Wikipedia for a living I'm like Elon Musk, the horsy, that's a good appetite, really effectual, labor reporting the news or just say: I, don't like Elon Musk cuz. He runs the [ __ ] new kind of rocket into space. Well, what a prick, because he didn't we'll get it to why they. So anyway, this one's called he this guy's utterly depressed you, a musk is right, silly and fun. Things are important, but some of them are indefensible waste of resources. They are beyond silly fun, so I. So here's the open factories criticism wouldn't make sense. If you just did it no purpose to throw his car in there yeah, but no, but even then it's his own money. You can [ __ ] it to everyone, so you can launch a rocket and then you can at least I kind of yes, you know criticize it, but the car was like the secondary. Well, it was a PRT. My point is: if he would this guy, what look this guy's? How much is he worth billions of dollars? Obviously, like five billion? The fact that he's even investing in space at all at all I think it's his money. He only did feel at square. He could literally, he could invent a giant toilet. It's warm around the side of it. I, don't care I, don't care what he does when Tony does that you know when you're billionaire I can't wait to see what giant toilet, I I, don't know, I. Think it's a pretty fair thing to say your your point is like even higher level than what we need is a bare minimum bare minimum. So you have that defense right. Second of all, he's testing the concept he had to put something there. This person says one on Wednesday. Two things happen in Syria. Eighty people were killed by the government airstrikes. Meanwhile, in Florida Elon Musk fired a sports car into space gets one guess which story has dominated mainstream media news sites, of course, is dead. It's way more remarkable, I'm, sorry to say, but people diets tree a lot. There's a lot of saturation of stories like that and the cars only ever been launched into space. One time as a pretty incredible feat. Why should he not have any more airtime like I'm, not trying to trivialize the deaths of people in Syria, but what just because one dudes starving it like I had a friend he says: oh there's, a there's, a famine in Uganda and he's launching cars into space. Just because some dude in Uganda doesn't have a sandwich doesn't mean that one must can't simultaneously launch a advance space exploration. Sorry I'm, solid in advance the human race and also that feed everybody. Is that good luck for you I'm sorry, I'm right, like they're, not mutually exclusive, like Elon Musk, it doesn't need to worry about feeding people and you got it before he launches a car into space. That's not how like collective minds work, also on a bear level. This guy's made PayPal he [ __, ] it in a Tesla IV, the Hyperloop SpaceX. This guy's would was to accomplish human beings. I know he gets a lot of. You know a padding on the back on lines, but he deserves I think he gets a lot of [ __ ] to share Ian's. My point is: if you make, if you're responsible for that many amazing things I, just it what the [ __ ] does that have to do with people getting airstrike in Syria like they're, not related I like I like. Are we not supposed to celebrate anything by those persons like Elon Musk had an incredible achievement, one once in a Latin we've never seen anything like it before the most exciting thing. Since people landed and walked on the moon, are we not allowed to celebrate anything simultaneously? 80 people died in Syria, let's just [ __ ] be sad and depressed all the time. Let's not celebrate everything when, when there's one tragedy anywhere on the planet, we need to obsess with that and never have any joy in our lives and by the way, how many, how many people were dying on earth when the mood lately happened in 1960? Well, you know what that was just a trip like an N and the moon. Walking was a slap in the face to real science everywhere Zack, and we please the M word you know moon is is offensive to the to the Chinese who built the railroad who made moving the parts on the rock on the shuttle possible. The M word, don't true: I feel you could trace the roots back of anything enough to like oppression. It's like yeah dude for the 1920s. Everything was built by just throwing minorities suffering at [, __, ], don't say trained Chinese built the tracks back. Then it's very racist. It's basically the same thing which what's more remarkable the biggest thing to happen in space exploration, is like the [ __ ]. What 90s or people be airstrike to Syria just been happy for the last 10 years? I. Don't so once it just it's not a point and another point that that I saw was like he could have launched a bunch of little satellites and until orbit he could have asked NASA and they would have given a bunch of little satellites to monitor whether it's like cool. That could have done one thing, but he could have also had like the greatest media PR stunt of all fricking time, because people are looking at pictures of space, they're interested in space exploration. It's it's everybody's talking about SpaceX, it's brilliant! So now, Jeff Bezos from Amazon also has a space company, Blue, Origin I. Think Elon Musk started this. Absolutely he wants the space race. It he's giddy I! Think it's great I think it's space race is exactly woody, but this idea that he's that Elon Musk is obligated to solve all of the world's problems at once or is that all to solve it? Even when all is so [ __, ], naive and it's just self contrary, because Elon Musk would have never got to the point where he is. If he cared more about feet, giving people in Uganda sandwiches like he is an inventor he's, a technologist he's a he's, a he's, an innovator. This is what he does. This is guy stuff to help too. It's not like. Maybe I, don't know, but he's not obligated to I. Let's say he's not ugly, it is his own money. He got rich off his own genius. He didn't hurt anything to my knowledge. He seems like a smart guy, you mean he's a self-made billionaire, no he's didn't inherit. Anything he came here was an immigrant from South Africa right and he began the Hyperloop PayPal. All these are the things that are happening and you're pissed off cuz. He didn't launch a bunch of little [, __, ], tiny satellites in space shut up personally I take the Roadster I'll take the humans. If you have two parallel universes, where one he shoots the little satellites and one he shoots the roaster, maybe those little satellites collect some data for NASA and [ __ ], and we get some interesting data and that's cool and- and it probably doesn't amount to much more than that right and then maybe the Roadster leads to Jeff, Bezos and another billionaire or and other governments entering a new space race to try to cut down on the cost, because SpaceX now has a monopoly on sending cargo to space, because it's so much cheaper and all the governments in all the world are paying SpaceX. So China is also done or Jeff Bezos is like hey I want to compete with this space and they start building [ __ ] and it gets cheaper and all of a sudden you've got all this [ __ ] infrastructure in space. You've got all this stuff invested in space and then, let's say in 50 years, a meteorite comes plunging towards the earth and all of a sudden because of his [ __ ] roadster in space. We've got all this [ __ ] and outer space from this highly developed business and we're able to divert its trajectory because of all the space stations and [ __ ] we have in space and and and and and it literally avoids the extinction of humanity because of the space race, Elon started. And meanwhile, all these [ __ ] satellites floating around are floating around the rubble of a destroyed ruined planet earth, because you're so sighted and pathetically enraged that you dared to question the will of Elon Musk. You pathetic fool you so goddamn pathetic right now, I can't wait for it was a space prime. Did you sit down like Papa John's own basics, basic rocket, yeah basic, your rocket ass, your space, you papa John, here, alright I'm, fired up, read a tad more the article before we drop this [ __ ]? Okay, because there's some real beauties in there there's some real gems. The much appreciated launch much-anticipated launch from of Musk's a falcon heavy rocket. The most powerful ever launched by private company ever launched ever yet ding dong. How about [, __ ], who fixed that record a little bit went off without a hitch must successfully send his cherry red Tesla roaster hurtling towards Mars musk expects the rocket and car to orbit the Sun for hundreds of millions years, though, some have speculated that will disintegrate within a year as if that matters, like you, fool if you expected to live for eternity, but it will actually disintegrate in a year the event attracted phenomenal publicity. At one point two point: three million viewers were watching the events livestream making it a masterstroke of advertising for Tesla. Meanwhile, on Syria were hundreds of thousands. Refugees may be forced to return to unsafe homes amid global anti refugees. Blacklash, an anti-government activist said despondently that he no longer sure why he bothers to videotape the effects of bombing, since nobody ever pays attention I. How is that Elon, some problem yeah? What does that have to do? Hey, stop having you space programs, so we can look at what I mean what the hell does. This writer want. It's not even related the UN Human Rights coordinator for Syria pondered what level of violence it would take to make the world care saying officials were running out of words to describe the crisis. Sorry I, don't see how that relates to you on musk I. Don't have a solution for you. World is tough place. Man geopolitics is in my game. I, don't know! Maybe you need to hire a Martin better marketing. Maybe you need to launch a [ __ ] rocket into space. You say the Syrian refugees need better PR, hey I, don't know what to say: I, don't answer for you. You're not gonna, be Elon Musk, watching a roaster into space. If that's, what you think, do you think? That's a tragedy that you saw? That's like the equality of outcome. Like you were saying, like all, there should be more female comedian comedians, despite how funny they are. We just deserve it. The quality of outcome, they're, like hey Assyrians, are dying. Why does not not get more attention than a literal? Car roat's are being launched into outer space. Sorry one's way, more [, __, ], interesting! It's true! Oh well! You can't. You can't force people to be interested in something it by the way being interested in caring about something or two different things you could be. You could care about the Syrian refugee thing, but this we thank you for crap I didn't mean like hey I, don't care I'm, just saying once way: more [, __, ] sensational yeah, also also how many people want to see Syrians get [, __ ] involved yeah, it's helping suppressing! You can't go about your life. You can read about it, you can you can you could be interested in it whatever so yeah? What does it have to have fun, but again, the biggest things are not related. They're [, __ ] on two completely yeah. After that, related it's completely unrelated I mean Trump could have [ __ ]. You know his hair blew in the wind going up onto the horse, one that gets more coverage than the Syrian it's getting bombed. But sorry man yeah, that's what happens. It's just a stupid hardcore, but they publish it. The Guardians a huge paper yeah, but this by the way is also this. This is this sentiment was was pretty ripe. I saw a couple places. Yes, it's very ripe and- and it was echoed by a good friend of mine, who's, a reasonable guy yeah. You know it's very cool to be contrarian and hey. Ela must just because he's a billionaire who does crazy things and has a little fun with his life. We don't have enough time on this planet, you how about both? How about how about you watch the Syrians and you feel bad, and you also celebrate the rocket launch. Probably a lot of people saw both not only to have fun advancing humankind with amazing scientific feat, so you have to frown while you're doing across your arms ago. You know this. Will gonna watch your car to space? You can't be happy about it. You can't be [ __ ] silly with uh. Alright, that's yeah! So that's it! That's all I got guys. I got a lot more here, but I think I'll, save it I'm, thinking and hoping, if you guys enjoy this, we'll do another one on Tuesday and hopefully we'll make it a regular thing. If you guys are into it say my regular I'm not gonna commit to every Tuesday cuz come on I get you do, but stay tuned, we're gonna be having tickets on sale soon, there's only like 180 and not very it's a we're, just a small we're testing it. So it's a small venue, but in the future I think when we work out all the kinks, we want to sell, go to a bigger venue, so we can house more people Gary, it's gonna, be yes in real life, everyone's gonna be like you're, fatter and shorter than much fatter and shorter than I thought. You were that's actually the opposite of what people always tell you I know they. Oh I, don't wanna be too self-congratulatory. We've all always think that anything is better than he really is. People actually always say, I think you're, taller and skinnier, which is nice, but also it's kind of just kind of like. Why do you think I'm so short and pudgy? Okay, but you're always making yourself? Look yes with the Fupa stuff? Well, I'm, not skinny! That's for sure guys! Thank you so much for watching. Thank you to mr. hilarious I. Don't know if that's working, trying to think of a nickname for Zach I, don't think mr. hilarious worth I'm still man. This was psychic. You know what I have an idea: tweet tweet at us, the podcast to myself everybody. What do you think what a glib should be and please be really cruel and violent I mean I really want to have a I. Want you to ruin my day, we're in the receipt sack yeah! That's for you know what guys tweet it be and also tweet a look at Paul right now. Then second points a joke: dude! Don't do that whatever you do guys. I was just joshing around yanking, your leg. Um no, but seriously. Thank you, the great and wonderful and very hilarious sack. Okay, second couples. I love them very much, and thank you all you guys for sticking around for 50 episodes so cool. Thank you to Dan, thank you to Sarah Thank, You Diann. Thank you to you long, thank you and thank you to our sponsor. Teddy fresh calm, guys head on over to a fresh, are non collection. Just dropped today, use the code h3 a check out for free shipping and don't tell anybody. You can tell your friends if we find out you told anyone we're canceling the coupon, so we will be back on Thursday with rhett and Link. So please join us then, and until then have a great week go out there and be the best possible person you can be or your money back. Thanks for watching everybody have a great day, Tata daddy else.