Well, hello, everybody and thanks for joining us today on the h3 podcast joined by the wonderful Jack, Black and Kyle Gass, yes of tenacious d, of whom we are all we all love and appreciate. Today's episode is sponsored by me: Indies Vince, ero, Robin, Hood and mint mobile. Now you guys are here. I can hear myself Dan, but that's okay. Do you guys have a new animated series, post-apocalyptic that is on YouTube right now for free yeah? Why isn't everyone closing this and watching that? Well, listen to what they have to say, I think it's kind of hard to find, but I'm an old man I think the best way to find the full movie post-apocalyptic is to go to tenacious d calm and just click on it there for free, and if you also go to tenacious d comm, you can find out that these two wonderful men are touring all throughout this month. So grab some tickets and catch the D live the best one to see of all the shows were playing is December 30th in Las Vegas we're doing something very special I guess I can't say what we're doing there, but that's the one. If you can, you should get on a plane and fly to see Tenacious D in Las Vegas on 30. A lot of people are gravitating towards our New Year's Eve show in Las Vegas and that's the natural show, but the good show has nothing to do with tickets, laughs, Wow well and also variety for your consideration. What's an HD, did you guys see that, though picture of I don't know who put that in there? Well really was I watched and loved so much this this? Is it a movie our show, because it's six parts and then you've got it all together in one slot. So do you think of it as a movie or a show? Well, we have found that the best delivery system is actually on a big screen in a movie theater mm-hmm and just seeing it all at once, sharing it with the fellow fans, and so it's um, it's more of a movie. So I we didn't know. We I think we accidentally made a movie when we were making little episodes you're, making little five to ten minute episodes. And then, when we got when we got to the sixth episode the finale we realized. If we took away the intro outro and and ran them as one movie, it actually played the best so yeah we think of it in a lot of different ways. It's an album, it's a TV show it's a movie. It could be a Broadway play good, it is yeah. Well, the live show is very rock opera. Ask presentation of the oh yeah sounds super fun, yeah yeah now thinking maybe one up, and you know Bruce Springsteen's on Broadway right now doing his show I, don't think he has any magic he's the singer-songwriter. So I thought. Why don't we just you know? Well, you I think you're kidding, but I would I would watch the heck out of a post-apocalyptic. Broadway show yeah. Well. You know part of reason why we did part of reason, part of the reason why we did post-apocalyptic. We were jealous of Book of Mormon. Our arch enemies. Did this incredibly funny mm-hmm musical comedy. If you get a chance to see it, it's probably playing near your town now mm-hmm super raunchy, politically incorrect, Broadway musical and we were like yeah. We want to party in that sphere. Mmm genre robble, you yeah the dramas. Well, there's isn't really a rock opera yeah, you've, true, there's actually classical classic. It was Broadway, so it was so hard to see and I was living in Israel at the time and there was so much hubbub about it. I really wanted to see it and I'm. The only thing I was able to find was a gentleman recording it on his cell phone and I have to say I, don't remember much, but I think it was good yeah. We should still like yeah. We should yeah, but so you guys did everything on this and it's a very unique style. You've got it's a cartoon, but it's what looks like one frame every 10 seconds, so you guys kind of which I find charming. It's not like I, wouldn't consider it like it's. It's just a style and I. Think it's very charming was this something like a style that you guys chose for, or was it kind of an expedient thing? Well at first, we were thinking. This is we're just gonna. Do a real rough version of what our fully animated show would be. You know we were making our Rick and Morty basically and nobody wanted it on any of the network. So then we were like we're gonna just do it our way, and it was just the cheapest way to do it right. Yes, but at the end of the day it ended up being in a way funnier than it is charming there yeah and there wasn't any point where I was like. Oh I wish I had more frames right, cuz you get it you totally go and I mean this I totally understand as I watch that robot vagina, suck and swirl on that cough like cellular alert in a way it makes it rather Lorna graphic. Well, it's just frame I was dubbed up. I, never go I, never wanted to [ __ ], a robot before I watched. You guys, no wait when we're done with this youtube series. We're gonna like release it on Apple TV, but then Apple was like well wait a second. You have to get a rating from the ratings board, the MPAA ratings, good luck and we're like fine. We went to the MPAA, we paid them the thousand bucks or whatever it cost to get the thing. And then they said this is nc-17 and it cannot be shown anywhere drawing of a penis and it's like a badly drawn. Drawing of it's not like real photo, realistic, no and at the end of the day, I think it's like the sweetest pornography. You've ever seen. It's like it's got a it's got a real message of love. It's not coming from a place of exploitation, absolutely no exploit not at all. Everyone is enjoying themselves. There is I mean it's there's a scene of well. The robot does put a finger in the butt yeah and also spoiler alert. Take the balls and guys the penis into the vagina. Oh, but I had I was I was like wow. Well anyway, it's it's very educational. It is that's true. It saves you a conversation about the birds and the bees. If you want to just show parents, well, you guys, you guys gave a warning beforehand, but it's true I noticed the only show on YouTube you've got these six episodes in the movie. The only one that is an age-restricted is the first episode and I. Don't know if you guys know about how YouTube works, but when a video gets age-restricted, they share it less yeah. Oh, oh, we know yeah all too well. Well, I think there's BOTS flying around looking for shapes of not just that they don't share. It's like it's impossible to find the full movie. If you type in tenacious d, post-apocalyptic full movie, it still doesn't come up. Yeah and if you're not signed in you can't watch it. Oh that's: okay, but I just want people to be able to find that's. Why I'm only telling people to go to the Y, but if you go to the channel you'll see it all there, but yeah YouTube does it they bury stuff. They they'll just bury it because they're so afraid of it, harming their platform and scaring advertisers away. But it's just a little. What about this? For promotion, though the show YouTube didn't watch well, I'm telling you you you're gonna watch this robot swirl is vagina around a [, __, ] and you'll be like damn. I can't wait for the future. Yeah I mean the future. Is a gun I think there already are robots, they're talking about robots and brothels. Now so I heard of a sec doll, bra yeah, yes, but I, don't know that! There's mechanics in the vagina, because the sloppy plastic God is just around the corner, though really appealing now. Would you guys [ __ ], a robot that had like a superb edge? I must admit in my youth I think there might have been a dull experience. Tell me about that. More well, I might have continued in the early days of experimentation yeah when you want to practice. I think that the dolls can be a great educational tool, I fully. First of all, no judgment on my side, I mean I. Put at that age. You put your dick in just about anything. Yeah I mean tell me about what did the doll look like kind of like yeah? Where did you get it? Where do you get those? Because do you have to be of age? Or do you get those at a sex shop? It there might have been some shoplifting involved. I don't think I should go in. There might have been a crazy night out. La yeah I might have been like nineteen years old. So it's like wait, that's a little old for for needing a doll. Well, no there's no age limit on when you need a doll. Well, apparently, you're, not you can't even buy it until you're 18, so the people that need it, the most don't have access to it. Right yeah, in fact, I think maybe the target audience is a men in their 40s for the doll that could be I'm too old. For that I think I just depended on a large pillow vivid imagination. Yeah I have a guy I want to expand on this further your show and I. Don't know it's good I'm taking it too far, but if you [ __ ] a robot sex at all, is it cheating, oh, if you're married- and you have such a thing, you know all I want is a vagina. It can swirl and suck and do all them do everything, but I mean it's just a robot is that she I think it depends on the the the secrecy of the act yeah. What, if like, maybe maybe you're going on the road to do a job and your wife would actually give you a doll or like a little a little flashlight, something that would fit in the isn't a flashlight? Basically a sex robot. Well, it's not a robot, but it is a sex flesh like what do you think wow there's a lot there well here. This one is not very graphic, so let me show you this one Christ's sake: it's on Amazon here, I've been wasting my time with my hand this all these years. Well so so, let's start here, ela is a fleshlight infidelity. So here this is a fleshlight, usually shaped more like a vagina, but I don't want to think you can see in there. Oh, but it's a basically and I love that they make it look like a flat like a flashlight of all things like put your dick in this flashlight. What sphere does it light up? There's! No! Oh wow! Please don't be a penis. Okay, we better know seems like the light could create some warmth. Mmm so can I use a flashlight ela without consulting with you, um I guess it'd just be a little weird yeah. If you did okay right so if it doesn't have a face, it's not cheating, I think the parameters just have to be decided on. Take that oh yeah, but what's the flashlight in masturbating, yeah, I'm, sorry to include you guys on this conversation, it's alright masturbation right! Well, maybe yeah is masturbation, cheating yeah! No, no! No, especially if you're like oh get out of here and go masturbate yeah, you don't want to see that me a break exactly I think I was reading, though he is important that you should master bait together, though you should be not all the time. Well, nobody comfortable with eye contact that was a Howard Stern interview, I heard that and Ringo claimed he wasn't there for that session. People made such a big scoop out of it. Well, it's funny, besides that it's funny, but like people started trying to draw the conclusion that they were like lovers and all this you know it's just a couple: dudes jerking off in the dark I mean right, yes, yeah and maybe yeah. Maybe that's why they kicked out the drummer. Is they didn't like the way he masturbated? All the ladies though he was an American and apparently he was very good-looking. Is he still available for drumming? You know we got, we got, we got yeah, we got great drummer, so you guys did the voice, the art, the music. The writing. This is your baby, post-apocalyptic yeah you're, saying tour-de-force. I was like that was coming next tour des fleurs and who was the art director because there is a very distinct art style throughout art direction and all our times, man I actually tried to draw a cell just to show Jack what it would be like if he wasn't drawing it and it was really bad, did you actually try it? I did draw it, but we got a you know how probably - we got a colorist mmm. Who is a amazing, michael molina, to do all the color with his computer and yeah. We were gonna hand over the reins to some other animator and an artist at some point, but that was back when we had dreams of having a netflix or HBO series, and then we were like it's better this way anyway, he were laughing so, but head isn't well drawn. No, it's great its yeah I wanted someone there to draw beavis and butt-head. There look anime style, it's like so nobody wanted. This show I mean I, find that pure insanity well I see. Somebody like ya, was interested whoa, no none of the major players, but were you guys, uncompromising on the penis and set like very great yeah dots? No, we we presented what we wanted to put on the air we weren't saying hey. We want to do something like this. We were like we want one did they want you yeah, and no one wanted to go with us down that that crazy half, but in a way we were kind of glad about that because it gave us an opportunity to really go did seem kind of liberating like yeah. No, it's just kind of a fun project with your friends exactly how we wanted to make it well I loved it and I urge everyone to go watch it now. You guys do guys watch YouTube I know, oh really I do. Could you do like well? Mike, oh yeah, I'm. Sorry, oh thank you! Well, I'll just go down strange wormholes as we call them like I wonder if Thin Lizzy played a live concert in the UK in 74 or something and I'll just find myself watching old concerts or any ball I mean those were Leeds and YouTube's kind of brilliant at leading you to the next, oh yeah. Oh that's, yeah I know prettier than we do. Yeah yeah, so I find it yeah eminently entertaining that's great I. Guess most people don't watch it like I do well, there's different, there's different worlds. There's people that like watch YouTube for the personality or I, guess I, don't know what to say. There's people that produce content on YouTube and then there's I think a lot of people like you who use it just because everything's on YouTube, because everything's watched you can watch music, you can watch bands and then you just go down this crazy rabbit hole of like endless content. So there's two types of people and I guess you're very much though well and there's the endless I mean how do I play of something on guitars right, yeah, Wow Jack! Do you use I, go on the youtubes, mainly to like figure out how to make potato latkes yeah? What you'll be doing today, I'm having some family over this evening for a Hanukkah celebration, I've, never made the potato latkes. Somebody else in the family would be in charge of those. So this film, how did you get stuck with latke duty this year? It's you know it's sad, but my mom used to make the lot I'm sorry for yeah, but yeah so I think it's gonna, take a village we're all gonna I'm gonna have I have a bunch of graders and a pile of potatoes. Well, latkes is a good start. I think latkes is a like poker as they say it takes a day to learn a lifetime to master yeah, so you will be a latke kings, so you're, always just one YouTube video away from making the perfect latke. That's true! That's my this day in a whole thing, of course you say the prayer. Are you ready for it? Are you kidding me tell me if I do this correctly is rye in this is the hard part I share? Krishana babies for time the Teva new shell ha ha. That's impressive, [Music] [Applause] rabbi black using my soothes, the savage beasts. Do you know any other Hebrew prayers, because I am just a modern. Well, you know: I think that was written back in the I was 18 Oh, pretty sure Jesus they had him in a chair and they were doing the whole. The King. You actually pronounced everything correct to Israel here, especially we don't say like Shalom. How do you say thank you and neighbor means so many things you re. A lot of us were surprised to learn that you're Jewish I, don't know why yeah, but that came to as a surprise to a lot of us, but you, your father, was born a Jew. Now, oh, my father was it. My father was born Protestant right, my mother was born a Jew which makes me full Jew. According to the Jews I I'm, not I'm, not questioning your you and the idea is. We know where you came from mom yeah because we have witnesses so true I, never thought of it like that. You came out of that vagina. You are yes, we did. We don't have DNA right is that the best show ever when they start breakdancing [ __ ] in front of the baby, but yours that I love. It I, love it so much. But your story is unusual because usually I find that it's, the male or the female that converts to Judaism, but your dad converted to Judaism right, yeah I find that fascinating. Well, it wasn't just because he loved my mom, but also because he was into Judaism Wow, but since they divorced, he is now no longer practicing Jew. He drunk yeah. It's like when you lose certain friends in a divorce. You lost he loved ya, so so I was raised. You I got my bar mitzvah and then I immediately sort of bailed you taking the whole enterprise exactly me, but a lot of your back to the Bar Mitzvah and then they'll stick around till 16 or let you stay around for the confirmation, no hearings or whatever it is that yeah I later I booked it at 13 I, don't know what the customer you are then officially adult. Well, you get the check. You got your chatter right: I did not get the big payday that I looked at after that's the forgot one socks and an in television cartridge. Well, somebody got the money Oh somebody and a lot of times the parents will be like. Thank you repaying all those years of Torah school, because I know my parents got thousands and all they bought me and I was grateful at the time. But in retrospect I'm like holy [, __ ], they embezzled my bar mitzvah money. This is a yeah I'm, calling you guys out. Okay, all I got was a 1064 and I know they got like 10 G's in 64 see I'm a little older than you, because Nintendo wasn't even out in 1982 when I got my bar mitzvah, so you got socks yeah a man in television cartridge it was. It was a sad. It was a celebration because, as you say, I no longer had to go to Hebrew school, yes, which was additional school I had school and I had to go at work. You go in the evening. What would do that? Well, it's doesn't understand your life. You didn't have to think about extra Judaism yeah, exactly she doesn't understand what US American Jews have been angry brew and- and she doesn't understand that we just learned the Hebrew, so we couldn't do the Bar Mitzvah and that none of us even know what the eff were talking about. Yeah, that's pretty weird I still have a couple words: Shalom abba-abba-abba, EEMA, mohnish and aha la la Ossa. That's the best Passover - tonight, it's just some lyrics from a song. I, don't even know that! Well, my favorite, if you guys want something to take away from this, is uh Baruch Hashem, which means nobody's like this you're like days right. This is live. We can't go back. Bees rot Hashem, which means it's like what gods hell with God's help. But let's say oh you're, going on tour, that's cool you'll say it bears like to share like what I like like yes, but let's not that's, not good over our skis yeah, but what I like about it is when you use it and very like trivial things like well, I'm gonna, take I gotta go take a sham God's help. You know. That's a little humorous just thinking about the prayer, Baraka Todd and I, it's blessed our God King of the universe. You could use that and every day like yeah Big Mac king of the universe, I don't know that might not work. Yeah reminded me of Flash, king of the impossible yeah. Oh, that makes me think. I need to see that Queen movie huge fan of Queen very little desire to see it. Oh, it was kind of the thing to see, and then it wasn't the thing to say it was weird. No I was on the opposite. It was that well, it was the thing to see, and then it wasn't the thing to see and then I think it is the things because they're not the thing to say. No, no, it sounds like it's become a worldwide phenomenon. The good really it was I started all over the world. When it wasn't the thing to see and I was so pleasantly surprised. It wasn't. The thing to see I was like yeah I mean ego in is it's a Hollywood biopic yeah they're gonna fudge this that in the other and the details, what it's like that guy's performance I mean. Imagine, okay, you got a play: Freddie Mercury, mm-hmm iconic cruise Matic rock star of all time, and it just nail it work on that I mean he does Wow well, I guess I should see it. Yes, I'm a huge fan, there's a new phenomenon that one of uh, when someone on YouTube pointed out really funny Lee that there's a phenomenon of people, pretending they've, never heard bohemian wrap, my god. Oh I thought I'd, like the adults. Listen on that thing. We did oh yeah, oh, like people react yeah people react rose. Why would they? Why would they pretend like? They have never heard us they're, getting tons of views? And it's like related to the video, but it's like everybody. They go and they go hater they're like here's, a song by Queen, Queen Buffy me Anna, rats, Odie, Gus, Johnson, yeah I need a video about it. He said why are they all wideness news? Well, they yeah, so we're gonna, throw it to a quick commercial break that we have pre-recorded for our convenience over here. You can but we'll be back after this short commercial break. With these two fine, wonderful human beings, see you soon. Have you finished your holiday shopping yet? Well, no worries because you can get everything you need for you and your loved ones over at me. Undies. You have never felt a fabric, so soft and luscious before and the good news is, it's gonna hold your genitals one way or the other. These smooth micro modal three times softer than cotton, is going to be rubbing up on your genitals and that's where you want it to be not in a sexual way, but just that you want to take good care of that part of your body and you're gonna have fun playful patterns like this sushi underwear, oh you can take a hey. Is that a chopstick or my penis? In my case, it's hard to tell it difference it's not as long as the chopstick, but it is as then why stop at undies Mandy's also has cozy lounge, pants and onesies and socks, and the supersoft fabric perfect for wearing on Christmas morning. Guys Mandy's has got a great offer for our listeners for any first-time purchases. When you purchase any of my undies, you get 15% off and free shipping order by December 16th for free shipping and time for Christmas. Are you crunched for time? You can't go wrong with a me undies gift card. It's a no-brainer, you're gonna get 15% off you get the most comfortable underwear you or anyone. You've known has ever worn, I'm telling you that's all I wear. Now they get your 50% off your first pair free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed head on over to me and ease calm, /h. Three, that's Mandy's, calm, /h. Three then Sarah watches has learned that luxury is a process. It's not about specs and it's not about price. It's not a marketing term to be thrown around it's about attention to detail a step-by-step process to craft every product. Is this process that separates us from the competition them from the competition I'm not associated with them? They just pay me to read this. It's a belief that you Eli. Yes, you deserve the best. They are tired of cookie cutter designs and mass-produced, mentalistic watches that have flooded the market. They want to offer a watch that was able to stand out, get notice, get your dick sucked and set yourself apart rather than conform to simple design, all at an accessible price. They are able to provide the look and feel of bold luxury watches that are ten times the price by selling directly to the customer. So the holidays are coming up guys, it's the perfect time to get yourself or your friends and family a gift and what's a better gift, they meant Sarah watches get your dick sucked, that's not their [ __ ] I made that up, but it, but it could happen. Furthermore, we are offering to engrave on the back to create a personalized message to give a gift that makes the right statement so go to Vince Sarah, watches dot-com / h3 December and enter the promo code h3h3 to get 15% off your entire order. Vince er watches dot-com / h3 December. If you're like me, you don't know anything about investing and that's why Robin Hood is such a great, investing app it lets you buy and sell stocks, ETFs options kryptos all commission-free. They strive to make Financial Services work for everyone, not just the wealthy, and it's a non intimidating way for stock market newcomers to invest for the first time with true confidence. Here's why it's so great they've got a simple, intuitive, clear design with data presented and then easy to digest way. Now. I, don't know anything about trading stocks, but Dan learned how to trade using this app and he says that they have tutorials that show you and kind of take your hand and tell you what you're doing so. You can learn as you trade is that right there that is accurate, yeah all right, Robin, Hood, nope, no Commission, no fees, other brokers, charge up to $10 for every trade, but Robin Hood doesn't charge Commission fees, trade stocks and keep all of your profits boom learn by doing learn how to invest as you build your portfolio discover new stocks and track favorite companies with personalized news, feed, you're gonna, get custom notifications for price movements. So you never miss the right time to invest, and now you want to learn how, with a free stock, compliments of Robin Hood they're, giving away a free stock like Apple, Ford or sprint to help build your portfolio sign up at h3, podcast, Robin, Hood, calm, that's h3, podcast, Robin, Hood calm and get a free stock to get started and learn how's. It done, there's nothing better about the holiday season than unwrapping a brand new phone. Until you get hit with that brand new monthly bill, big wireless providers can really suck the joy out of the holiday. So this year, don't just upgrade your phone upgrade your wireless provider and switch to mint mobile for a limited time. Mint Mobile's, offering the best holiday deal and Wireless you've ever seen three months of service for only 20 bucks for limited time, guys mint mould, mobiles holiday Deal is here, you get. Twenty dollars, gets you three months of wireless service, of five gigabytes of 4G LTE data. Each month, plus unlimited talk and text you're going to use your own phone with any mint mobile plan. You can keep your old phone number with all your existing contacts. Mint mobile runs on the nation's fastest, most advanced LTE networks, and, if you're not 100%, satisfied mint mobile has you covered with their seven day, money-back guarantee digital wireless bill and start saving with mint mobile. This is how it comes. They send you a SIM card. You pop it in your phone you're good to go these guys. I love it so much I love this product until Internet has gotten way too expensive. I need a company like this to come disrupt. That's why I love mint mobile, give them a shot guys take advantage of this mint mobile holiday deal before it is gone three months of wireless for $20 and get the plan shipped to your door for Bari by going to mint mobile.com /h Street, that's mint, mobile.com, /h Street, that's three months of service for just $20 admin, mobile.com /h 3! Welcome back guys. So we've got a lot of developments over the break. My parents are listening and they have some beef with what I said about embezzling, my bar mitzvah line go ahead. They message me pretty much within a minute of you saying that ask Ethan if he forgot the Disneyland trip with 20 of his friends for his Bar Mitzvah stole his money, ha wait. I did ok, wow I didn't realize. I was paying my own grateful where there's more there's more I spent $5,000 on his bar mitzvah and everything he got, which wasn't very much went into his own baker. Bank account. His memory is a bit off using his parents for a laugh, shameful there. You heard it from Kyle Gass himself, mom Oh, mom mom. If I can retort real fast- and this is perfect because you cannot respond yeah one me- you I'm not supposed to pay for my own bar mitzvah party yeah. My madness is that oh I paid yeah and then the money in the bank she says: I went into my college fund, whatever that. That's what they, how do they always say when they take your money? Yeah college fund? Okay, you stole my money. Well, we got a lot to deal with. Did you go to college? After all, I did. Did you graduate barely cuz Jack and I? Barely graduated only thing I did was because I went to UCSC the most forgiving Santa Cruz yeah, the world. Yeah no grades remember well. They changed that they change them. Some classes are still pass no pass, but for the most part you get grades no, but they're, very, not only liberal in spirit, but also in their forgiveness of the grading system. Yeah, learning, yeah. Okay, yes, was it all teacher all the professors were hippies yeah. That's what I imagined a whole Santa Cruz University, yes, a hacky sack, that's well! I will tell you jack that they had the number-one Ultimate Frisbee team in the nation: that's no joke and you're right. There wasn't one hacky sack as well on the sidelines. That would have been me. I want to see. Do you have any video of Frazier falling upstage know that you asked me that I would love to see that, as these guys were walking in the god, vape is right outside the door we had the iPad of Kelsey Grammer falling off stage, and so they hadn't seen this video. So I adore this. You see like giving a TED talk here or something he's giving. Let's talk about. Acting he's very see, he's being very serious and well without further ado enjoy Kelsey Grammer falls off stage, so it's a small world, pretending I was a UN interpreter, I, think [Music] and there you have it. You want to see that one more time my favorite goes. Oh dear Lord I know, cuz I was laughing on top of the oh, dear Lord, I. Think, let's see it again, he's like in character as Frasier have you ever had any stage malfunctions or any issues on stage we were recently watching a collection of artists falling off stage and there's a lot of it. Well, occasionally a fan will run up and try to hug Jack I think that's happened a couple times. Don't you remember the one though, where I did have one and I think it was when we were out on tour with the Beastie Boys, we were doing like a. We were rocking the vote. Oh, they were rocking the vote and we were just sort of coming a long time around. We were opening up for the Beasties antenna and I was like stomping across the stage and then I just like stomped in between two big, like you can also walk on top of the big speakers that are out there and I said like stopped in between speakers and I went down all the way to my hip. No but the adrenaline bounced me right back up and I kept on rockin and though nothing happened and I think that might have prevented it from going viral. Was that I recovered too quickly, but it was pretty intense and I came very close to breaking my hip one of the great new member cones and one of the great Falls we had during a show was our guitar player and he was shredding. He was shredding an electric guitar solo to the heavens melting faces and he's walking back many trips over his just a direct kind of he had to. He had to get right back up, though, and continue rocking. He was do we have a videotape, we should might be on YouTube, but luckily there's been no serious injuries on a tenacious detour that good and when you fell, were you were you like injured or you work just not to work. I came right back up, I was sore and bruised, but now the show must go on and we had a show the next day. I think it was fun, but yeah I felt it the dings and well. There's like there's this one, video of Justin beat like there's just a straight-up hole yeah on the stage in this poor guy. All right, the Biebs went down the hole yeah. Let me show you don't down there in hole and I feel so bad for him, because it's like what can you do on stage you wearing a kilt he's wearing a lot of layers. I, don't know it's really cold and looks like it's kind of got an Axl Rose thing going there, yeah, yeah, so and and so Bob's your uncle and and bye-bye birdie [Applause] we've got the anticipation. Why would there be a hole there Hawaii? Would there be a home, a poor guy, I feel so bad. You know, like you, never had a chance he's got to get an accident lawyer he's deep, but yet he goes all the way down. It's never quite as serious. When you weigh a hundred and twelve pounds, though right, nothing really hurt, that's not the normal stage that had to be like for an effect or something like wow. These dancers popping up you gotta close the hole. Everybody knows to close the hole. Everybody knows everybody knows, there's something I heard about you that I found was interesting or I was thinking about. As you said, we we both had this experience. We turned 13 and we said smell you later to the Jews yeah, but since you've had kids I've heard that you've returned to synagogue. Well, I did feel like it was important for them to feel part of a community and I wanted them to have that experience and we did have them enrolled in a school that had Hebrew studies as part of the curriculum, so it wouldn't feel like they had to go to extra school after school. Hmm, but it wasn't a good fit for the boy we were there for a few years. It's a good school mm-hmm, but um God and actually so much stress, dude is figuring out the right school for our kids, I've spent so much time and energy, and and just like hmm anxiety over this part, I had no idea being a parent could be so hard. Let's go, I know public school. Just what's wrong with all that. Well, what's wrong with public cares, it doesn't feel like our society puts enough energy towards public education. Well, there are so tragically I feel like, even though it's not fair, I feel like I, have to use the resources that that that we have at our disposal to give our kids the best possible and education, and that, unfortunately, does not include public school at this time here so and is it a problem for your kids being it? Does it cause issues for them? Being your son? Does that ever yeah? That is a factor too interesting. It's a you know when, when everybody knows who your your father is that's kind of a weird situation for them to be in and for them to not know if, like their friends or friends, because mmm there yeah that's complicated, it's hard enough for an adult, I mean yeah, but I think my boys are relatively well-adjusted and it was actually my son Sammy, who turned me on to your chef. How old is he he's 12, but he's know what a very advanced and a me thank you saying: I always take Sammy's advice and he's given he's given me lots of golden nuggets over the years and Santa and Kyle's always like hey wait. How did you hear about this thing that we're doing today, you've been on you've been on good mythical morning and you've been on Hopkins we're both were those all he needs to be. Your manager, yeah, well, I, believe this that children are my glasses, have a tendency to fog up I'm, a hot and steamy guy by nature, and sometimes it bothers me and I'll just go up here for a little while and let him cool off and I'll bring him back, but you did it kind of without your hands. That was pretty cool yeah well, I can bring him down without my hands. I can't get him get him up there. That would be something business. Well. The reason we've been thinking about it is because I'm pregnant, oh really happening, have any idea. What's coming out. We think yeah but I, don't mind, saying we well duh the person who did the ultrasound. If I had to guess, do you they said you want my guess: I was like yeah, he says, I love that move and he do it so casually. There wasn't also there's a button on it. Did you see that this was a boom? Look at that? It's like I'm, ready for business, yeah Wow, what I felt like they were default enough, but I was wrong. I actually need like some sauce and a cloth, because they're they're beyond you need a defroster like a little fan inside someone rescue our little our little troublemaker. The ultrasound guys. Yes, the whole chest, I'll, take it yes, I'm, not sure, but uh it looks like looks like a girl really well. That is not what they said. Oh dad they saw a little tiny little baby penis and they thought it was a guy, but I don't know I, because she's like well technically. The next ultrasound is when you find out, but if you want my opinion at one angle, I saw a little penis, which was kind of another angle. Your angle, I know what I was looking at. Huh I mean the ultra studies. Early ultrasounds are so crazy because there's like so much space and the baby's just like floating around and she's doing this thing, where she's putting on this pushing on the stomach and the baby's like like an eight ball in an eight ball and has shaken the eight ball, and it's like bouncing around it's crazy. It's not yeah. So it's a little boy. We think Theodore yeah, you already know you met him. How do you know I feel it yeah yeah I'm, fine, I'm great there. It is so we've been wondering what we would do as far as Jewish the whole Jewish thing yeah, because we're not like religious right, but it is a way of growing up doing the holidays and also Spartan. They speak Hebrew because you're family, but the extra the extra school is, is just so brutal. I didn't know it's extra because they LT they don't teach Hebrew at public school. Tell you that no sir I felt like there was something to be gained also from the the the moral fabric that you get with a with a with Judaism and just in general, when you have that that cradle of it's a culture, that's a it's an identity and I very much identify I. Think I come from the same. You know I'm very much, a cultural Jew. You know it is. What is your what's going on with you? What do you are you well I think my mom tried to cover all the bases. Thank I was what he caught when you're the Christian. You get baptized mm-hmm and she just sort of gonna. Do that in there? Oh, that's good! So she mutilated my genitals thanks mom, no um, yeah I meant it quickly and then nobody was interested in in church or anything, and it was just evolved into an atheist, evolved into eight yeah I love that it's just yeah and uh I gave up. Do you regret being circumcised, because that is a debate that goes on today? Is that people are angry at their parents? First circle, yeah yeah, here's one right here! You you! Why would you do that? Yeah we're made we're made fine yeah. All the parts are working. Fine yeah that whole like cleaning business is just such a pile of hooey. Is it but you don't know you don't have to miss it? Yes, you don't remember having I'm gonna just take a chance on mutilate a sexually mutilating. Babies is not a good idea. It's gonna leap of faith. There I mean, let's, let's not do that it that way. I can do that anytime. On my own, when I'm 1800 I, don't want that foreskin anymore I think it looks a little nicer. Oh there you go, aesthetically I can I. Think in my opinion, I haven't noticed a drop up. I don't have anything compared to, but the quality of our orgasms has been all good all right, baby. Oh so! Wait a second, maybe there's something! Maybe there well. Do you know what a lot of people get so foreskin is complicated. Business I've heard a lot of people who end up having to get their foreskin removed in their adult life, and that can be one of the most painful I feel like a circumcision apologist. Little I am frankly in about it because yeah the debate rages on because now we have to decide if we're gonna, do it right? Really all these decisions have you asked your parents what they think about? Oh I, don't know, but I, just I like the exuberance, you're, a wild man, I, say cut it off. I think cut it off, but I want to ask you guys about. First of all that HBO show you guys did is beloved to me still. One of my favorite shows ever thanks man. How do you I mean you guys? I mean it stands the test of time. It's hilarious. It was at the time. How do you add tell me about your guys, making that I think that we were ranked like 36 best HBO show so true Wow well by I, think HBO. Well, it has a hundred percent on Rotten Tomatoes to this day Wow. Well, how could you not like so it was like The Sopranos, yeah Game of Thrones yeah, something something the only real question is: where were we ranked in relation to Flight of the Conchords, because that's our whole? Oh, my god right somehow compete Oh the new generation of tenacious dealings. You friended, those guys, you know those guys yeah, we are friends with them. I think there was a pretend rivalry, yeah right, I, think I was trying to stoke those flames, not be the greatest thing, it's good for business. If you want and then I think they took, it, I think he might have taken it. Yeah really so well, friendly beef turned to real beef well in their in their first show, they had a thing, a little sort of inside joke. We don't know that this was flight of the conchords that put this joke into their episode. It could have been an art director. It's such a small thing, but Kyle with his powerful laser scope. Eyes noticed that the they had like a newspaper right. Is there any advertisement in a newspaper that someone's reading hmm in an episode? What does it say? It says tenacious, Dundee, tenacious d, and if you read into that it finishes is done, and we took that very personally and ever since then, and we love the Conchords, a subtler cuter we're trying to sort of give a vibe like we're. Wizards you've arrived wizard, I'd love to see, I. Think it's in the way sapling the earth searching. There's we're very furry, I love it first! No, it becomes you. What are furries I, think those are good. It seems to be sweeping the nation are being here. Let me both this. This version is best presented with photos, but for you think it's for either go to Flaming Lips concerts nope. So this might weird you out because again people are sensitive, so these are people that dress up as critters. It's a sexual thing, though, isn't it far as I know, it is a sexual thing dating other furries. They dress up as critters. They just have orgies really. As far as I'm aware, that's I mean correct me if I'm wrong, okay, I may be representing them so Danone. He and please fat check me, but it does seem to have a sexual component yeah. It does and I don't know. What's the origin, but the faces and I and I got a cute group. There are you gotta say: that's the I think that they creep me out. There is a sexual component for what I understand. I, don't know about orgies happening, although I mean explain this dance. Yes, thank you you, but if it's sexual, it's just a dry, humping right, no a whole there's like the Mormons, it's gotta be like a velcro flap yeah, but I guess you know I! Guess it's kind of nice if you're attract, there's a whole much bunch of them there. That's not, and you don't know how. But in whose fights flops closed yeah you don't know I, guess if you're real ugly, like you know myself, if you put on a fox outfit and you show dick, and maybe you got a good one and your face, isn't that good then I'll sign you're like king of the furries. It works to your advantage right. You think. That's like 50% of the reason why people go for it, maybe well you're kind of hiding your identity. You can't really see everyone's kind of equal interests, it's kind of like eyes, wide shut, but ridiculous. If you have to adopt a furry voice, do that again, do you guys know if they playing aspect so dancing? Yes, yeah you're, going to this length um, you would assume the voice as well right. Well, I think we should go undercover well. Do you paint your dick red like the red rocket, not often Jesus, you know often but Damon I, just looked it up, I mean on their Wikipedia about furries the the sexual aspect, it's fairly far down in the article there's quite a bit to the subculture other than the sexual aspect. Although I will note that the sexual aspect, that is the biggest part of the articles, so there you go these guys, [ __ ], like crazy, I, think it's more about the cuddling really mmm I mean I. Think that's what that's about you want to get snuggly, yeah, hot and I. Think all the first Westerner being like. Thank you. If their message I hope, so you guys created that show with I didn't know this. Until recently, David Cross and Bob Odenkirk I mean what an incredible lineup I'd, you guys get it well, they took us under their their their wing Wow. Our first ever show was at a little club that no longer exists in downtown LA in 94 somewhere around there we played a place called Al's bar and there was like 12 drunk hipsters in the audience, and one of them was David Cross and he was like you guys are rad come open for our thing. We do thing called mr. show, live, and at clubs in in LA, comedy clubs and stuff and we're like you, know, yeah. Let's do it never heard of them, but they they had come out. They had just finished working with Ben Stiller on the Ben Stiller show, and they they were starting. This new thing called mr. show and and then they had already made a deal with HBO to have their show mr. show on the air, and they finagled a way for us to be on HBO to with short films that they helped us well correct. We were gonna, be part of their show right, I, remember, and it's like wait a minute. These guys don't really fit into our show. They should do their own little after our show a little special thing, but, firstly, I remember: they took us to Aspen yeah for the HBO comedy festival without, and that was very exciting. Bob Odenkirk is like has a recce, also kind of tim and eric' they're, big, yes Wow, which is just incredible: yeah Bob's, a great mentor both of those guys huge forces in comedy, but they're kind of like under the radar yeah, but a great like well. That was great great advocates for people. I find that so awesome totally it's great to see Bob just Buster him in this all role. I know the famous for being on better questo, but he was bad before that he was like Oh Bob I mean he's always doing so many great things but yeah. How was that watching him have a breakout in like the Breaking Bad world I mean he's any so good, yeah I think he's just a dramatic actor now really I mean that he's just taken in onto that. So amazingly and he's he's getting other parts too left and right huge roles but I. For me, it's always think if that is like a little side thing that he yeah I, don't think of that as the main part of him, the main part of Bob Odenkirk genius comedic, mind came out of SNL. He was one of the writers staphon on SNL know that just as a writer and and yeah everything that he touched seemed to turn to gold. He and- and we were really lucky to cross paths with with him and David Cross they in a way they owe them everything they gave us our big break. They gave us the big break, yeah, so I recommend if you were trying to break into the industry or in the 90s and you're, trying to break in to impress Bob and David Jack as I understand it from a mutual friend of ours. You are also an advocate. I have so I have a surprise. Why do some? What I'm a surprise? Oh my god, is- am I gonna, be surprised by someone from a blast from my past. Gonna enter the room, I think so. Oh no I'm really excited a friend of mine reached out because he heard you were gonna, be on the show. Uh-Huh and I. Don't know that you've seen this. He said, but I think that you will be you'll and be joyed by it. Wow you enjoyed, but you will be joined by it's like this. Never been joy. Here we go tell me if you recognize this: oh my god. It's Justin, roiland yeah, oh my god, so speaking of genius, so Justin roiland, Jack Black helped Justin roiland pitch and sell his first show as ep. Wow Jack helped Justin get his foot in the door. Well, Justin reached out and he's like Jack is amazing. He helped me, and he believed in me and I just want to say hi and thank you and that he loves what a mensch. Well, let me because you did a little cameo in this his yeah. This is the first show he ever sold. Yeah here's your little cameo, which he says the funniest part of this comes up after this. This is unaired. This is juicy Craig, [Music] Mitchell. This isn't the jingle ewings time. It's a job. Now get back to work, place that accent, god I love eating maggots out of dead animals, I love it I. Do it all the time I'm proud of it too I show it off. It makes me unique um. Nobody seems to care that I. Do it at work either. You'd think they would consider when I work in a grocery store, but they don't. Let me do as I. Please listen to me. Go on, however, and I a character I should get my own spin-off, show I'd, be huge. Everybody had loved me, [Laughter] [Music], there you have it I forgot that I think was from Lee I think it was from the early 2000s. Am I right, but really he had shows coming out his ears. He was creating amazing content all over the place. Iii. Don't really think he that was a stepping stone. He said it was. The first show he ever sold. Thanks to you, you went around why'd, you do with them. He he beat it. You see him. Entry are shown you, oh, we did a look. We did a little tenacious d thing with justin roiland time fixers, but justin had tons of people that believed in him and we're looking for opportunities to welcome by the way another photo I want to show you you're being modest, but he this is what he told me. Okay, look I couldn't believe he sent me this photo last night blow doors down. Well, he's a saver save stuff like that. This is like history, I mean this is a beautiful. You know what brought us together. It was all about Dan, Harmon and Rob schrab. They do that. They did that thing. Channel 101 yeah, it was a competitive short film yeah. That's how thing that they did once a month on the youtubes and yeah. All kinds of creative types like Justin came out of that yeah, but he told me this was at a mr. show. He was just there in the audience and mr. show yeah and this he just got to meet you randomly as a fan yeah. No, those were the places to be back in 97. You wanted to be at the tapings of mr. show. It felt like you know they were the Nirvana of the alt comedy scene thing they at least see and be seen. That's right, mmm! Well here you have it I love this photo. This I mean this is amazing. Amazing I, gotta frame this and put it on the wall so uh. That was our two. We have questions from fans. Oh nice. Yes, we have some questions from our fans. Noise. Take him live, you know we do not take them life you vet them. They were. Posted of men are on our subreddit on a fan forum. So let me allow me to read some to you. This one comes from PJ for two for two, this one's for you jack. What was the Eric Andre interview like did? Did you know what you're getting yourself into and were there any surprises? Well, yeah I knew what I was getting into in that I'm. A huge fan of Eric, Andre and I knew it was gonna, be some sick, [, __, ] and I was a little nervous about it. Cuz I was like. Is he gonna treat me bad, but he he? It was what you'd expect it was about. A hundred and twelve degrees on the set by design to make me uncomfortable. I was sweating profusely, it smelled horrible and then I found out why later they were broiling hot rodding squid carcasses underneath the floorboards. Also some surprises there's a little bit of electroshock therapy every time I. We did a lie detector test. In a way it was torture, but it was also like a rite of passage. I felt like it was a late Bar Mitzvah for me. If I could survive the Eric Andre experience and I loved it, it was so funny like the soda coming or the coffee coming out. That was pure surprise. My plan was to try to just approach it, like any other talk, show like I'm, going on Conan O'brien now and do like a funny. Little entrance like I, usually do and then just descend into hell. I recommend it. If you get a chance to embrace the madness that is aircon, I love it and also happy to see you there. This one comes from incendiary war pig which Tenacious D song. Do you guys most enjoy performing and how many [ __ ] up [ __ ] pushups? Can you do today? We love that there was those questions in there. The [ __ ] pushup yeah, and the answer is a real answer. If I is you only need to do one, that's right, yeah and you still do one though I'm afraid I can't I can I can do a partial, but it's like a granny pushup wait there. It has to be from the knees and I do, but I still get there. What song do you like to play? The most? You know it's always fun to to to play the crowd pleasers, it's one of the deep cuts that I enjoy the most I think it is a Throwdown and it's got its got some biblical references in there. We kind of go deep yeah and it's about the the dangers of blindly following organized religions and about how it could it could end up being the the end of the world for all of us, the Battle of the three major you start with Judaism sure the Moses came down from the hill and then you go to Jesus, and then you go to the one that you can't state in the song. How do you hurry of the man handling the three of them and a battling in the rain? The world was completely insane sound, the alarm bombs. What was that song about originally remember? We kind of tweaked a little bit. Remember oh yeah! No, we had the jam for for four months and we didn't know what the lyrics would be and then we finally realized this Jam is so heavy. It's important. It's an important job. It needs some more gravitas, wait with the big guns we're going out, but what was it about before that? It doesn't matter. Okay, we're clowns, but we do like to get serious sometimes and maybe that those are the most fun ones. When we tackle real issues, you know yeah well, I. That makes me think because I was watching post-apocalypse yeah I'm here for me to ask any question: was that sweet petunia I want that dog but I? Don't think he's hypoallergenic? Yes, yeah! That's not fur! That's like yeah! He gets hair. Oh my god he's a Yorkshire Terrier we're hi, Shannon, Sammy! I bet you if you trust my word at all. Are you allergic to dander I'm? Not, but but the non-shedding is like beautiful, because they're so clean. He literally shares a pillow with us at night. He's so and I have a good place. I can recommend to if you want to get a similar breed. I do that'd, be great they're close by yeah. Let's not say that on the air, because then they'll save the puppies yeah I'm swear I get a rescue. Do you know how many dogs need homes? Oh this guy needs a home. Well I'm, just saying I'm, just preparing you Kyle's right. There will be some hate mail, I'm back, hey how you talk about like you not get it isn't because I've talked about it. A lot in this because I listen, we're listening! Thank you now, I'm now I feel stressed that everybody's listening, this dog needs a home yeah. What about the dogs that need be at home, yeah yeah! All right! You can keep! Thank you! Well, you know I love him he's like my son and more people again, you know they're there other people that are get I crawl into your heart. They did strange and I do think adopting is a wonderful, beautiful thing, but I've got an ultimate hookup of purebred beautiful paper paper bearing papers. I got about real allergies. You got it. You got to be careful yeah so, but you were about to ask us. Yes, my dog interrupted I was asking, because you were saying you like to get real about certain things and I was wondering when I, while I was watching post-apocalyptic. Do you guys think that we are on the verge of a apocalypse here? Is that some kind of reaction to something you're seeing in the world? One hopes not sure, of course, where one hopes yeah oops, not yeah I mean that that was a. That was the impetus to do post-apocalyptic we felt like hey this is this? Is going south real fast this, this guy who's, our the leader of our country, is spew and a lot of hate. It's weird it's scary, and it feels like this is what happens right before some kind of a worldwide catastrophe. This is the kind of talk that you hear right before World War, and so we were like. We need to do post-apocalyptic to to save the world. That's what we were thinking as we see we're still here so far. Well, there was a scene where you guys cut off Donald Trump, Jr's penis, no, not true or no you're right. It was a you're right. You guys were very delicate about that. You actually got a tremendous BJ. He got it to BJ, so good that it was removed from him or were no. No. The BJ, the BJ, is just like the best BJ of all time, and we used that as the distraction so that we can get the source of all of his power the crystal of Gilgamesh right and then we are discovered yes and then he sends his attack dogs. He sends Nazis KKK and a demon from hell, of course known as the gorgonzola. What's his name and then spoiler alert, I'm, not gonna. Tell you any more of what happens then, but there is no penis removal, oh, but there is all right. His penis is intact. There, yes, penises penises is well featured in the episode. It does turn into a mushroom cloud. Oh I know we have to watch this again. There's a one dissolve in this feature. Film. That you guys need to watch is that when obtained the tip of a penis dissolves into a mushroom cloud- yes Wow, you know the Academy, Awards and they're gonna use that as part of the montage and, of course, just a reminder. Well let me just borrow your magazine: oh no, that tenacious d and post-apocalyptic is in consideration for best picture. It's just an honor to be nominated yeah, it's an honor to be considered. Consider, that's all I, don't know who took that out up and thank you considering you guys, but you know we. We drew that that sequence before we even knew that Donald Trump's penis was shaped like a mushroom, and that was in a way it was like a Nostradamus moment. Our imitating life was it's not senior Oh its life imitating ripping somebody off yeah, but all the penises were very lovingly crafted in this series. Yeah, it's featured in there I, don't know why we talked so much about Elon Musk. In that episode, it's just uh. Well, of course you got a highs if you're talking about who's, gonna survive the apocalypse of course yeah the super wealthy and the super ransom genius. Yeah Engineers will find a way to it end up on the yeah who would end up there um. You know a big part of it. Also, when we're making it was that we felt like we understood the psychosis that is Donald Trump's, the the the phenomenon that is his astronomic rise to power, because we have a little seed of his disease -. It's called what is it called Kyle, no uh grandiosity narcissism, a narcissistic, egotistical disorder, because we we have made our whole careers on this thing about saying we're the greatest band in the world. Everything flows through us. We are the best man ever and our biggest hit song was the first song. We ever wrote the greatest song in the world tribute, and so, when we see this guy coming out and go winning I mean the best movement of. We know that scam that he's playing that Jill, but he's not joking, that's the only difference and and then I and then I started to think about other people in the industry who have made a huge career out of this and you think of like Howard, Stern, mm-hmm, the king of all media and he's the best and he's kind of joking, but he's also kind of nice kind of got the narcissistic looking in the mirror all the time talking about how Gradius and then you look around at other people, you see like Kanye, West, he's the greatest and he's you know creating, and you see different people in pop culture that have this disease and are succeeding because the world in that we live and now embraces it and they love it. They love a narcissist and it seems like particular to these times. Right now we are vulnerable to psychos, who think they are the greatest thing people are so accepting of uh just grandiose. The people are like love that larger-than-life figure is it. Maybe it's always been like that, but you had said like today: people are more accepting of it. I wonder why that is what do you think Kyle Kyle knows all the answers to everything it's true I. Do he stole I'm he's trying to think of an answer which talks about nicotine gum I? Think that celebrity is kind of the the the cachet of modern society. It seems like it's overly valued and I, think I think Donald spent 14 years being branded over and over again as this kind of super smart business, guy, self-made and I think, unfortunately, that can really work and just repetition. I mean there's certain just kind of dynamics at work that we know that if you just keep repeating something over and over again the market yeah, you know the marketing. It is like the best marketing campaign ever mm-hmm, so anyway yeah we thought it would be good to go. Flash-Forward to the whole world has been destroyed by this mega maniacal demon beast and we have to pick up the pieces, because all of the great movies in, in our opinion, are the post-apocalyptic science fiction. Masterpieces road warrior a terminator Wizard of Oz. These are the movies I. Think we can all agree objectively. Are the best movies ever made and they are warnings they are like look out for the future. We wanted to jump into that sphere because not not only because we love those movies, but also because it seemed like what the world needs now and only a narcissist could think that they could save the world and that's where 2d comes in. We are the antidote to the demon, because we are the demon. Well, I, don't know where I'm talking about, but it is where the court jesters sort of pointing out right exactly well. It was very much like a road warrior rock opera and it's on YouTube it's at tenacious decom. You should definitely go watch it because you do maintain so make sure to go. Link is in the description by the way we don't watch it, so you can watch it in episodes. You can watch in the movies and, of course, make sure to go. Why don't everyone just go to tenacious d because you can get tickets there? You can watch the shows there. Canisius decom I should throw in a caveat. Apparently it's n c---seventeen. So well, there's a couple of its animated penises economy come on yeah and I loved it. It was hilarious, so guy I think you mean it was such a pleasure to be here with you guys. The pleasure was mine. I mean really we're all such big fans. What's Kyle doing I just want to get something very sweet. Come on you guys, you're, not in we're all and I know you have a lot of latkes to grind there. You thank you for having us yeah. Thank you. When we play your town lovelyz all right, yeah, let's meet your son or if he wants any like merger. Okay, I, don't know lifetime backstage pass lifetime- oh my god and I just want to. If any fans out there want to see the greatest Tenacious D show ever yeah December 30th in Vegas is the one [Laughter] [Music]. It's not just my son, who loves your show. I, have since become a huge fan. The bravery of your honesty, I think you guys really go deep and I and I PKK. You keep up the good work as well. Thank you guys that god bless you both! God bless, god bless him, but or as they say, BAE's rut Hashem guys. Thank you. So much for watching have a blessed weekend. Friday hey have a awesome time. Guys will see an estimate so mom I love. You thanks for the bar mitzvah. You guys are the best. We got a lot to talk about, though next week. What do we have on next week? Is it Jack and Eric boys out the Jack and Eric next week? That's can't wait, so we got it. We're all hooked up. We'll see you next week guys have a great weekend. Haha [Music] you.