[Music] welcome everybody to the h3 podcast sound board, experience, Thank, You to expressvpn quit and seeking for sponsoring today's episode the day our guest is the wonderful and illustrious john mclaughlin, more popularly known as jacksepticeye 20 million subscribers 10 [Music] views. Oh my gift I'm doing it not so close yeah, like 9.9 I, mean you just hit 20 million right yeah like four days ago. That's insane like 20, that's so far, I know and every time it's like you, you hear the numbers go up and up and up and then I was like I rolled it out to somebody in my 20 million. That's a lot of zeros [, __, ], weird yeah, I I. Don't know why how I mean do you ever expect? Like? Okay, it's gonna slow down now, yeah I think everyone kind of never stops. Let's go in there. I don't know. I must have a wiretapped in somewhere I have a secret upload button to get more subscribers. Yeah I, don't know yeah. That's crazy. Coconuts! Well, anyway, welcome to Los Angeles! Thank you. A good Irish boy, yeah, oh I, haven't burst into flames. Yeah, oh yeah, it'll happen. I mean your idea. That's a joke about you being paralyzed soon! Yes, you're! Not that pill! No, it's not that bad! It's situation is not that, but it's pretty [ __ ] bad I mean my under well. Yeah. You've been here a long time where you just fail, I mean well frankly, I mean look, I, don't leave the house, you don't have to go in the Sun out here. That's true I mean yeah, my roof. That's the problem with LA you go outside. You die yeah, you know, or you get stuck in traffic. So by the way do you live in Ireland or do you live in the UK? Where do you live right? Now, I've lived in Ireland until last year and then I moved to Brighton, so I've been living there for a year since May. That's where PewDiePie lives right yeah, you guys you guys, hang out you guys. Brothers, yep hang out make out all the time. No, it's weird cuz! We we live in the same town and he's like a 30-minute drive for me. I almost never see each other. Thirty minutes is like five minutes best friends, 30 minutes I'll talk to you something yeah we see just like once a month, maybe yeah, it's kind of like 30 minutes same time. It's also like I'll, see you next year, yeah yeah and then I've been doing tour stuff and everything and he has his own stuff. That's he's going on, so we never like find the right time. Why'd you move to Brighton mmm I, always kind of moves. I've wanted to move anyway and I thought well. I'm gonna, move to LA. That seems a bit fairs, yeah a lot going on there I've a lot to figure out. Mm-Hmm I was like well, I could have moved to London, but that's too hectic I, don't really like London to live. I was like oh Brighton. I went to visit Felix and fell in love with. It seems like a nice little spot, yeah lovely out on the beach, nice and cozy the people. There are nice. You go to the beach, not really it's not a real beach. It's like a yeah. You never really have the weather. Well, Elliot kinda has the same problem. It's like come to LA for the beaches, but never go in it because of the water so cold. All the time have you been in the beach here in LA, no down off the beach, it yeah don't bother about it so far away! I! Don't want you, don't worry about it. Don't leave the house, don't go to the beach Shelly's great yeah. It's lonely make a lot of friends. What brings you out to LA cuz? You came out here on an extended trip right, like you're out here for a couple months. You kind of escaping a little bit. Would you say getting out here and kind of just yeah? Hey my life. You know a life yeah I wanted to become a movie actor, really reach Hollywood no come on yeah, that's how long it takes yeah. Okay, four years, I'll see you on TV somewhere I, don't know. I kind of I've always wanted to come for a while and every time I come here like we've been trying to do this for a long time. I remember when you started off you're like you should do it yeah. That was in town for like a week and nothing ever lined up ever yeah yeah, so I was like come for a month or two I have a visa for tour anyway, one of them and yeah abused that and stay here for a while and hang out with friends for a longer period of time, and then it was supposed to be until August and then tour leaves in August and I was gonna go back afterwards and then my visa got extended. So I can technically stay here, a lot longer so nice. Why not I, don't need to be back home and Brighton for anything anytime soon. Just hang out here and do cool stuff, but you know you were I mean you've been talking a lot about being burned out and taking a break from you. Yeah is that kind of is coming out to LA, almost like therapeutic kind of get away from the life back. There yeah, which was weird cuz I, said that I needed a break and I was getting burned out and I just needed to figure out what I wanted to do. What it was like Ellie is not the place to go, find yourself. I disagree by the way really I feel like Ellie gets a bad rep. Yeah Ellis is a huge metropolis. One of the biggest I mean per square. You know miles it's enormous, there's so many different communities in different. You can be and do whatever you want here, I why everyone has such a bad perception of LA well anyway. So but I mean you are in a sense kind of I mean you out here kind of just trying to figure things out or is it more just? You know coincidental yeah. What bit of both yeah I was I've just got really miserable doing the types of videos I was doing after a while. It's like a whole month where I was like this is crap yeah like I'm uploading, [, __ ], just for the sake of uploading and I was so stringent on my schedule and I was so proud of that schedule. I was like I. Don't want to break that? Well, your fans. Could they tell yeah? So that was what made me do it cuz? They they started. Being able to see it and I was like well, if I'm not enjoying it you're, not enjoying it. What kind of comments would they say where you're like oh [, __ ], like maybe just like I, didn't, seem happy? I, don't have the energy I normally had I look sad I looked tired, which I fully agreed with I was, and then it just came to a point. I was like okay, yeah I need tip and I was coming here anyway. So I was like okay Oh on the way to LA I'll just take a week off, I've, never ever taken any time off YouTube in the five years I've been doing it. So I was like ok, full break, no YouTube, no Twitter, no tumblr, no Instagram. No none of that right and I decided to just spend a week on my own, and it was great got here, hung out with friends, completely changed my mind again: yeah you're, feeling better Oh, 100% I'm, completely 180 done where I was you feeling like motivated to, but are you are you afraid like? If you get back into it, you almost fall back into it. Cuz that was my problem was like I've been through that same exactly I mean I, don't have a crazy upload schedule like you were I mean you were doing two videos the day for a long time, five years, but then you want you started doing one a day and recently uh yeah well, whenever I'd have to go out and tour or something I, okay, I bump it down, but it was still like still we're still worrying I. Remember seeing you in New York mmm cups couple years ago, a 16 year. It was a long-ass time ago and and you and Felix and Mark were there yeah and I was like you're like oh yeah. We all made videos and we're ahead of time and they're all scheduled to upload. I was like what I mean. That's just [ __ ], that's just twisted like there's something [ __ ] up about this job in particular, yeah right I mean to be fair. My stuff is a lot easier to do than the ones you did yeah, but still, let's I mean you're still making two videos a day, okay, again and you're. Still under the same expectation, your fans have expectation you're, the expectation of yourself I mean our approach is different, but the consumption of time and expectation is the same. Yeah I. Think that's fair, but, like this job seems particularly [ __ ] up yeah right like what is it about because everyone's talking about this thing of like burnout, right, youtuber, burnout, yeah, it's really big right now, everyone so we're. We haven't posted video, we're ending on yeah we're in the middle of burnout, I would say: bro I'm, fully burnt out, like there's no wax left in the camera. I'm new camera I'm, taking out a new candle I, don't know! What's that Kendall smell like lavender, jasmine, no lavenders flowing yeah I need a new essence. What's going on why? Why is being a youtuber, so [ __ ] up we're all Psychopaths I, don't know really I! Think it's good! Well! You started because you love it and then it becomes your job and then you have an audience and people to take care of, and you want to do the best you can and it's just a platform and a job that you you're not really allowed. Take time well, allow it you can do whatever the [ __ ]. You want right, but it's just not in your best interest to do it and no one's you, don't you're your own boss. You make your own hours, you make your own schedules and that's the curse, I think yeah, and now it's just YouTube's just in such a weird place anyway, with all the [ __ ], that's been happening over the last year or two years and now they're trying to diversify their revenue, streams and everything. So everyone just feels like on that treadmill more than ever, I think right and then it's just coming to a head, and then one person talks about it. What spurns another person to talk about and then ten other people start talking about it. Yeah I know everyone's able to talk about I, think part of the problems. I. Think everything you said is exactly right, isn't like when you're your own boss and when you're involved is something as I mean. I want to say, talk super, that's not specific. It's just so like you're on the treadmill you're on there in the hamster wheel, and it's just like you got to keep the Machine rolling and the mentalities on YouTube have changed a lot over the years like three years ago. The gaming scene was all collaborative all the time. It was in your best interest to collab with people and like beauty, gurus and everybody would be doing it, and now no one doesn't because everyone's afraid of stepping on each other's toes everyone wants to insulate their own brand and build it as far as they can and everything it's very our self involved. So one thing I was gonna say: is that I think now it's more competitive, hmm cuz bat-like I mean if you ask average ten-year-old what their dream job is. Everyone wants to be a youtuber yeah and it's like so competitive and it's so hard to become to you know, earn a living on YouTube I'm, a big youtuber that I think that's part of. What's so toxic yeah about what it's becoming you're. Definitely right, I mean it's just not, and we can all see each other's. We can see what each other makes, but if you make a certain amount of views like somebody else, you kind of know what everybody's making so every youtuber kind of knows. But if your subs, you can see your views, you can see your like yeah. How interested people are. The comments are everybody's, just like well mine's, better than yours, mm-hm and then, if your yours isn't better than then, then you do some weird [ __ ] to try and get it to be better than somebody else. It's a lot of like it's, not it's not friendly rivalry, anymore. I. Don't think! There's no case if somebody uploads something you think it's cool, so you like want to do better. Now, it's a case of like I. Can [ __ ] do better than that and you try and [ __ ] all over somebody else. That's that that's what I feel like YouTube at large is now everyone's trying to be better than each other. In that way, I guess whatever came became popular you're like I swear, I feel like I in some way had played a role now I. Do, though, because, like I feel like when we first started coming up popular on YouTube, it was from reaction videos and like [ __ ] on people, just like I mean you know, choose your target wisely, but, like you, you bait I mean our early. Videos were just really [. __ ] on people, I mean and I think that all we did commemorate what people - no I know but like I, don't I'm, not gonna, say that I'm like holy responsible for like this trend of like commentary channels which are basically just solely almost talking [ __ ], another creator yeah, but like it's definitely a fad that came up around the time we started doing it yeah. Well, we helped popularize it I can say that. Well, that's what I'm saying like you guys start it off and you whatever way you perceive it, but you've picked your targets properly. You pick people that you felt like were valid in criticism: you're, not [, __ ] on someone, that's just the entertainment factor of it. It's like it's a bit more embellished and it would be, but then, like I said somebody else sees that and they want to do something better and they want to do something crazier and get more views than you. So then they end up just [ __ ] on people yeah, and then it becomes a thing. It's like like, like there's like see, I see this a lot where it's just really popular content on YouTube right now is like it's easy to [ __ ] on someone who's being you know, being creative mm-hmm, and maybe it's not your style. Maybe it's not a video like, and so it's so it's so easy and people do this, and people love watching it of being like this person's, not funny yeah and it's like well they're, making something original and you're just [ __ ], [, __ ]. On them, for that yeah I, don't know, maybe I'm just my mentality is changing, but I see that a lot on YouTube and it's like you, the people who are trying to be creative, actually put themselves out there. It's so scary, to put yourself out there on YouTube these days and be authentic and try to be creative in the original, because there's so many [ __ ] and there's so many people waiting to just eat you alive yeah. As that you're not doing anything wrong. You might be unfunny in my opinion, but like what do. I have to fleece you're trying yeah I'm gonna [ __ ] on you for being unfunny, yeah cuz, the YouTube audiences have just changed now. It's like they all do that now, it's very rare to have a community where everyone's actually positive all the time, because right you're not you're, not an up-and-comer anymore. It's not a new job to do anymore. You're, not like the underdog anymore everywhere. There's more money involved in YouTube now than there ever husband and I think the audience were very keenly we're of that and that they want to poke at people because they feel like it's easier to do it's like. Well, they have money, it doesn't matter if I say this: [ __ ] to them yeah. Well we're still people at the end of the day, so I have I mean that's definitely a big part of it. I think yeah, it's just a whole bunch of building blocks. That makes a difference to on the burn out because yeah you everybody, even the people who talk [, __ ] on, say like oh, this one's not funny. That's all their videos, they're gonna, be more stressed out because they're afraid that their [ __ ] coat they're. You know, colleagues are gonna, call them out for [ __, ] up and everybody's walking on eggshells yeah, because it's just like a giant mud slinging contest. These days on, yeah I mean we went through a huge, varied of like drama and community and reactions, and everything like that circle just went around and around for like a whole year, yeah and then I think that just fundamentally changed everything after that row, it's like communist Russia get dragged down as the middle of the night. It's human nature. Everyone wants to take down somebody else. Everyone wants to find the thing. It's like I'm, positive and energetic all the time, but so people think I have like some weird seedy underbelly, like I, have like a weird pedo ring, or something that I'm keeping secret that they're like somebody's waiting to find it out. Well, that would explain why you're so energetic and happy. Yes, that's why I played happy wheels all those years, whatever everyone just [, __ ] waiting to find that thing about yeah I mean you get [ __ ] on YouTube right I mean a lot of I. Think people, love or hate you right. Would you agree with that? Yeah? Why do people like what is it? Do you think that people hate about you, I, don't know? It's cuz it's whenever you watch my content, I'm, obviously very boisterous and very loud and very energetic, but some people either see that as genuine interests and energy and enthusiasm, but to another person. It's completely obnoxious and that's like I, completely understand that there's if I watched it I'd probably have some sort of like thought process going on. It is very yeah, I mean I, don't I, don't hate anybody who doesn't like what I do was fine. Does the hate bother you does ever get to you. It used to because I I'm personally, once it's like make sure everybody's okay, everyone's having a good time and I just wanted everybody to like have fun and then, when somebody doesn't have fun, you feel like it's your responsibility to make them have. At this point, I'm like okay, you can't win everybody. Yeah I'll, just be happy, I mean there's still 20 million people on the channel. That's a very, very much yeah. You can't really say [ __ ] at certain point, when you have 20 million subscribers, yeah I'm, not any sort of like egotistical way, but it's like clearly I've done something wrong. Some people have exactly some an understatement. Yes, I was like how feed into that positive aspect of the community, rather than worrying about what everybody else is going to say. Do you ever feel like you, don't get enough credit in a way? And let me let me explain because a lot of times like people like you and Mark computed by who play people would say. Oh you just play video games and and you're so, and you have so many so much you make so much money and you have so many people who love you and watch you all you do is play video games, but clearly there's some more going on that. You feel, like you, don't get enough credit when people say that to you yeah I'd, say so, I'd say that's fair, because it's what are they missing? It's it's the whole aspect outside of what you record yeah, like recording a game sure, day after day. That's an easy kind of thing to do. You sit down. You turn on the camera, you record, but you have to find the games. You have to find stuff that people want to see when it's daily everything like fluctuates so much and you have to like be always kind of there for your audience and I'm very heavily involved in my audience and interacting with them. So it's like after the video goes up. It's like well now, I'm on social media and I'm, interacting with people and I'm making sure everyone's okay and I'm reblogging fanart I'm, like tweeting out at people and everything. So it's it's a whole lot more than just sitting down. Recording the video and you see a 20 minute, video like when I was recording. I was it's obnoticus. It was like like. Sometimes it was an hour-long video, but that was like a two and a half hour session, let's chop down, and that was going out every single day. So it's like sure in its its isolated bubble. It's an easy thing to do to play a game and react to it, but to do it that consistently! For that long, I never take a break. I feel like just insane man hour yeah. So it's just like it's not hard to do it's hard to keep it up. Yeah and I mean you find your rhythm yeah I mean the thing is like yeah once you start like seeing your channel growing and you start making money, it's like really motivating, but you get used to that yeah and then, like it's I, don't know it's hard. It's like you! Well, it's it's that thing, especially with my channel because it rose so quickly and then it obviously plateaus out every channel does it's healthy. It's fine yeah, but some people when their channels plateau they freak out and they feel like they have to do something else. There's no insane! Growth is no growth at all to them sure, especially when you're used to like yeah like this steroid injection. So it's like it, you start off and everyone's like. Oh, this is fun. This is cool and then it's like, oh well, now I kind of get your gimmick. I know what you are like. What else can you do and that's the trap? People can fall into then that's how you end up, recording your dead body in a forest somewhere, because you feel, like you have to keep on stressing so you're you're saying that you were basically just maintaining what made people like you to begin with yeah right, but your channel hasn't really slowed down. I mean it's not easy. No, it's not just sending yourself and be like what I'm doing is is good enough yeah and keep doing it and just be stable. Well, that was always my mentality. It was like sure it's easy to be like well, if this keeps going I'll be a 10-million at this point, but I mean no one knows what's gonna happen, so it was always a case of like okay. These people are here now today, so entertain them keep them happy, be happy with them and do what you want. If, if you keep doing it, obviously you're doing something right, more people are gonna, learn, I, think that mentality of always like looking ahead of like oh I, could get this amount. That's a very slippery slope to go down most f-fine no you're getting [ __ ] real yeah. We are covering sit so much ground. Oh keep up, everybody am [, __ ]. Let me hit them with. One of these. Remember was still here yeah. We can watch it that you followed the Roseanne thing, not that we need to get into it. I just thought it's just through Twitter. Have you heard this Suzanne? Did she actually say that yeah I mean we talked a lot about so I? Don't want to get repetitive. That happened when I was on tour. They reckon, and we all woke up in the tour bus and looked at our Twitter feeds and going oh, no well. This was from her apology, video, oh good apology, Rosaria yeah I mean once grace, listen, hey! You know clearly a very stable human being yeah. That was my first thought. How do you like touring you? You do a lot of touring right I mean you seem to be on the road somewhat frequently yeah. We've got like two legs of the tour. So far, it's the same show every time, but right we kind of segment it out. No I love live shows it's like like creator and audience like in the same room together being able to do whatever the hell you want and then entertaining them. Having that direct live feedback is so much fun. I think that was part before the burnout setting, because I did that and then I came back to my videos alone in my bedroom. Man, no one's here to listen right now and I kind of gets in your head, a small bit so I had to Rikka [ __ ]. My my brain right, I, never said that word before my life I'm fully on board. With that. What do you do in your show? It's it's like a it's like a 90-minute stand-up show. So it's like a comedy, show um sort of about my life and then talks about my my childhood, my teenage hood in my adulthood. So it's in three acts, and then you talk about your childhood and there's like good gaming memories from my childhood. So you get people up to play a game from your childhood and then that's insane. You get on a 90 minute single man, yeah shell, when games are all about experience and overcoming your obstacles which life is about, and then you move on to your next stage of life and you just keep going and just tell some funny stories from my life I guess: where can people get tickets? If they want to catch you? Are there tickets available? Still, you sure, can you can go to jacksepticeye tor.com to get your tapes now get the word out. Eight come on European tour dates went on sale today, get get your tickets, Jack I am buy, show comedy world tour, a life filled, we've done one live show and it was like an amazing experience. It was so it was magical honestly in a way, it's so intense, like how many people were there. It was like 200 I mean it was a lot of people. I mean you probably what what size? What size you do? It's a it's between like 1500 to 2000, which is we we have done. Venues were it's like 600, 800 yeah, depending on but yeah. So we just, we played a comedy store here in LA yeah, just to kind of test it out. Hmm and I mean it was. It was really amazing, but it was just so much work and it was like so stressful putting it together. Yeah cuz, it was also live streamed. We live stream, I swear to go and set up all the cameras and do all the [ __, ] and I was like man, but you guys it'll come right. Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, so I I work with the the game. Groom stay have a Tori hello. They produce it. For you see you very much just you're able to show up yeah and just do your thing. So I just wrote the material and practiced it in there. How long it take you to rehearse it and prep for it. For these week you prepared it in a week yeah, but like how long till, like memorize it and rehearse in [, __ ] I mean it I. Never really like fully wrote it down. It is scripted, but it's kind of just in my head as I, go through how long and and then how long before you did performed it a month. I think and how was the first show great potential and yeah, and you didn't you didn't really rehearse it. I mean I did in my head over and over again, but not like properly out loud. Like start to finish, it make balloon animals yeah, [, __ ], no stop how. How was your show evolved because if it seems like, if you just have it in your head, seems like is every show very different: I mean how does that? Well, the life stories are all the same and the punchlines and everything are all the same. But there's enough like improv room in between, depending on the audience, because the audience don't know what it is and they don't know what to expect or anything like that. So when you start telling the stories different jokes land with different people, so it's but that's your Vaman! Do your fans there they're good, they're, good, they're, very good crowd yeah! This is what I'm saying like you guys did a live show. Clearly your fans showed up to it. Yeah they're, very forgiving, like the barrier for entry, is so much easier, not going into a cold room. Yeah yeah, like you, don't have to prove yourself sign out, yeah they're, very easy. You should want to put on a good show on something you don't want to just get up and [ __ ] on stage and have people cheer for you. Well, that's my next tour. Well then, the [ __ ] on stage, yes jerk-off, your accomplice, I call it circle. Jerking hmm right get me of one VIP but like when we do it. It's the podcast right. So it's different every time, so the threat of bombing is is very much right there for me, I'm bomb I'm bombing right now. Do you do you think it's do you think it comes out of a fear of your audience. No I just think I'm an anxious, well I'm, just an anxious person, but but why I'm gonna get [ __ ] therapy on your ass right, yeah like where does your anxiety start and what from like? What what triggers it to like kick in bro waking up, but don't worry my eyes. There must be some like trigger factor to it, like you're, afraid of not performing well or letting someone down or well, not being funny I mean yeah. You know it's pretty uh stressful I, don't know I haven't you know, I need to do you think your audience are here just to watch. You be funny they're there to be entertained right. You know yeah to a certain point, but yeah I mean huge numbers, people showing up consistently they're here for your personalities more than anything. So what you're trying to tell me is that me. Just being me, you tell me just being authentic. Is enough: yeah wow, that's [, __ ] up dude, oh yeah, sorry, YouTube 2018 be fake, no you're, right I'm! Just honestly, I'm did I get I got issues. We all have issues. Man I have realized. Youtube for a living, I've always had really bad anxiety. I have I had like generalized anxiety disorder in college, there's like very, very, very difficult at that time and still carry a lot of that weight with me. I, don't I honestly haven't really ever sort out my issues. Dude. Do you go to therapy? No probably should know I got issues backlog years. No, it's from a wonderful man. You go to therapy. I have started yeah, you have started for how long have you been going? I've gone to well I've gone to one so far, but oh yeah I have like a guy. I want to go like a whole bunch more I'm here, I have a bunch of friends who all swear by it and have like so you've gone. When did you when was your first session about a week ago? Okay, and did you guys have any breakthroughs or what a little bit yeah really day, one breakthrough yeah, because I know it's a lot about well I think, maybe just the job we do. There's it's like talking a lot about balance that was kind of a lot of stuff. I came to terms with when I took a week off. I was like yeah. What makes a mess and I was doing that I had never been anxious before in my life and then in the last couple of months it was like sitting down and all of a sudden, like this swell in your chest, happens. I'm like like this is what's going on yeah like I. Don't like this the best line ever heard in eighth No in eighth grade. There's this great line. She goes it's like you know before you get on the roller coaster and then, when you're done and you get off and it goes away yeah, but it's like you never get the relief of getting being done with the roller coasters. That's how I feel all the time right now you're anxious right now. Right now am I that intimidating? It's not well, don't flatter me leges! She beat you she's. She yeah she's blinking to the camera. If you're unsafe, all right, let's take a quick break, we've got a lot more to cover a lot more good. Let's get into it, I'm very excited for the next topic. So please guys do not go anywhere. We will be right back with Sean mcLaughlin, your boy, yeah boy, oh God, ela. You have to be a complete psychopath to be browsing the internet these days without a VPN, because everybody is gonna, be checking up your skirt I'm talking about advertisers I'm talking about ISPs I'm, talking about the government, they're all trying to look at your privates right up the skirt and basically, when you don't have a VPN, hila you're, letting them do it. Okay, your browsing history, everything even if you're not doing weird [ __ ], like looking at hentai online ela, you're gonna wanna, protect your privacy because whom you don't want anyone having that data expressly being as easy as apps that run seamlessly. In the background of your computer phone or tablet, you turn on expressvpn protection only takes one click, expressvpn secures and and immunizes, and then I just minimizes your internet, browsing by encrypting your data and hiding your public IP address. You got to protect yourself with expressvpn and it costs less than seven dollars a month. I'm talking about phones, I'm talking about tablets, I'm talking about desktop computers, you don't want these crates having your data, you know what I'm saying like Amazon's got this and like all these advertising. People they've got like a cloud of like oh I, know when you're on your period, I know when they say it's a creepy and I. Don't like these guys are the best expressvpn protect your online activity today and find out how you can get three dollars: sorry, memory months, free at expressvpn, comm, /, h3, that's expr, ESS, VPN, a.com, slash h3 for 3 months, free with a one-year package go ahead and visit expressvpn, dot-com / h3 to learn more protect yourself for Christ's sakes is an internet condom. Would you would you put your dick in some sleazy ass girl? You just met at the bar. No you put on a condom. That's what expressvpn is strap up. Ela, let's forget for a second about the incredible vibrating features of quip, the incredible the fact that it is hell's. He said. Let's, let's forget about it, for a second okay, because we all know the quip is an incredible vibrating. Toothbrush, it tells you how long you need to brush and when to switch sizes. We all know that it's incredible for that fact, but here's what people don't know about quipped that I think I need to tell the bristle. Ok is the softest it's the best, it's so gentle on my gums, but it's so strong on my teeth and I swear to god. I'm not blowing smoke I've tried every toothbrush Under the Sun, because I'm obsessed with oral hygiene and my mouth doesn't come out feeling as clean or as well taken care of as this quip head, because it's got like soft bristles and it's got rubber on the outside and sometimes I'll go in there with a toothbrush and- and it will be too irritating on my gums and that you do not want to mess up your gums. Because, let me tell you folks, those do not grow back, treat your gums right and that's what qyp for me is all about. Now. We all know, as I said, that it vibrates it starts at $25 and it's pretty much the god of toothbrushes. Ok, but what you don't know is how amazingly, clean and fresh your mouth is gonna feel after you use this frickin toothbrush, no I'm telling you this I'm. Not this is the only toothbrush I'll ever use, because it's the best and it's just that simple and the price is right. Guys, it's quick! If you haven't tried it, try it now, because your mouth [, __ ], stinks it's disgusting. Your gums are receding. Your teeth are rotting out of your head. Try this give it a shot, see they don't change. Everything for you. I bet it well. Quip starts at just $25: go to get quip, comm, /h 3 right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at get quit calm. The /h 3 spell GT qu IP come /h 3! Thank you to sinky for sponsoring this video. If you don't know what SeatGeek is, it is a ticket app for live events which includes nb8 concert, post Malone's, whatever if they've got tickets and it's live, C gigs got you covered now. Here's what I like about ckick. If you go to their app you've decided whatever seat you want to buy the ticket, for you have the view from that seat. You get a ranking 1 to 10 on each ticket. To let you know if you're getting a good deal or a bad deal. Green is good red. My friends is bad. Ok, now here is where you're gonna lose your [ __ ], because we've got the hook up. If you use code h3h3, you get $20 off your first order. That's just 20 bucks free there's, not no BS they're! Just saying hey, you know what you want to go see a show. You want to go, see a live event come! Do it with ckick, try out our app and we got 20 bucks off your ticket. That's it dude they're, just hooking! You up just click the me tab on the app and enter code. H3H3 for $20 off your first purchase click, the link in the description to download the app I love. Seatgeek, guys. This offer is kind of insane just $20 free to go, see whatever show you're thinking of because hey it's gonna cost. You 20 bucks. More, if you don't use ckick, so give it a shot and see if you like it, alright and you're, gonna love it and we're back with jacksepticeye Sean mcLaughlin. That's me you can I like to thank you last name, you kind of looked at me when you said we're back like I was supposed to say something: I really Hearst something I really like saying mcLaughlin, it's a fun blocking it's like mmm. What's what Sarah McLaughlin is she Irish spelled the same name Oh in the arms of an angel I. Don't know I thought for some reason. That was common knowledge. No, how many other mcLaughlin so you're! You are close friends with mark markiplier right, yeah got there. How close are you guys fairly close like the internet, thinks we are I was just going to say how I mean like do you guys say you guys have sleepovers? No okay. Do you think we talk every single day, because what I was because the Internet is quite to the contrary? Oh there's, this phenomenon on the internet that is completely baffling is that there's fans of you and Mark they're, having like explicit. Oh yeah, grotesque, actually sodomy pure sodomy I mean yeah, absolutely pure sodomy and worse yeah, not there's anything wrong, necessarily with sodomy sodomy. When you say it's sodomy mean it's like a violent acts, it almost sounds like. Is there anything like? Let's just put it that way right and because you can make love to somebody's [, __ ], but sodomy implies something like nefarious. Am I right or am I wrong Dan? Can you fact check the difference of the definition of sodomy? Is sexual intercourse involving anal or oral copulation? So you can just you have a romantic xiety and YouTube and depression - [, __, ] sodomy. Basically, what we've just established is that I could sodomized you romantically yeah. It doesn't sound good that doesn't sound good, totally sodomized. This garage, sodomized love that ever was yeah. It's just a style. It's a it's a it's a lifestyle, it's a way of living, but you know like they're. The breath of the work is insane like. This is a just trying to show the the breath here. There's like just hundreds of fanfiction here yeah, it's just endless. What is going on here! Well, you know what hold on to that bigos again, I! Think, okay! Well, here! No, no! No you're, not just gonna put up like a very vulgar picture. Are you no, but I want to read just an excerpt so that the people at home can see what we're working with you proud of me. My the I start made it it's not you you're not doing it. It's an interesting phenomenon done I want to get into it. Okay, you don't have your own fan fictions! Nobody wants to [ __ ] me! No! Nobody wants to [ __ ], immediately, no seriously, there's just like not at all, which is why this is so shocking. Did I have like sex repellent. Nobody wants to [ __ ] me for better or worse Heelys, the only one in the world that wants to [ __ ] me and that's worked out. What do you? What do you think it is? What do you think people don't to have sex because I'm, just like I'm, physically grotesque I, mean first of all, that's pretty much I mean, like you know, I'm, not that easy to look at. First of all, great well, like you know, body wise you, nobody wants to [ __ ], the Pillsbury Doughboy, for example. I do I mean I'm soft I would be some people do, but not the people that respond to my is pretty dope yeah romantic, sodomy, romantic sodomy. So anyway, here let me just redirects or I'm, not gonna, to put you through, but there's just this one. This is just so powerful. I started the rest. I I start thrusting matching his vows shades of Jack. When I hear Oh mark I hit his prostate good and hard daddy. Please hit that spot again. Jack practically screamed I hit his prostate again again, I jerked him off matching my thrusts, daddy I'm, close me too kitten. Okay, I mean that's just the trip to the air. Yeah I mean I'm. There, Ken I hit his prostate one more time before he came in my hand, Jesus not long after I released is the last one. So I'm not gonna. Just tell you know not long after I released inside of my pull out of him watching my seed like these people are sick seed run down his thighs. I admire my writing, find synonyms seed yeah, like that's just sick, like damn seed. You know you don't get your baby seed out down, then I get it out, but I don't necessarily call it seed because that just seems a little [ __ ] I watched I pulled out and washed my seed run down his thighs. I admired my work before he attempted to stand up but fall right back down on the couch ouch yeah. It's gonna hurt for a company like it was a [ __, ] Jackson Pollock. He planted some cz [ __ ] blame the garden yeah. It's gonna hurt for a couple days, I say chuckling, getting up from the couch I, get a wet rag and help him clean up. But it's totally worth he says: smiling: hey Jack, yeah, I love! You I love! You still! So this [ __ ] isn't there's real magic, sodomy, yeah, the Deaf, very definition of full circle. So, what's going on here, is this like a mean yeah? Is this like mean by definition probably but like what are they? Joking though, or no a lot of this is not joking. There's people who this is their sexual fantasy yeah? Is you two don't get I mean this went on for like who's, creating yours, who's, creating this fans but like who, if you imagine somebody who wrote that what do they look like in your mind, it's [, __, ], George or or Martin yeah. The hunkering over his typewriter that'd be great. If he actually wrote itself he's the genius behind it, will you be upset if I pull up some art, no I'm kind of YouTube might be no I pulled I took out all the grid test stuff a long time ago. This was this started. Getting very weird, but we've been very vocal about oh I mean so much okay. Well back to that, one that one like as much as I, don't want to do that with mark. That is fantastic, artwork yeah, absolutely there's a lot of a fertile loop dedicated, so whoever drew that good art style. Oh you're, holding a cookie that you drop once you embrace him. Did you notice that maybe we're exchanging the cookie interesting detail that they would include a cook yeah? This is old. That's green hair, my little nipple pinch you know I had to do it to him had to do it, got him a handedness but I'm. Sorry to put you through this I'm, just like there's something like really special here and that it's just so incredible like that. This is a thing. I mean that the way I've always tried to see it is that at first me, America, obviously good friends, we got along very well once you start doing stuff together, and you show that you have good chemistry together, like for Let's, Plays and stuff. This type of stuff I think is inevitable. Yeah I remember that one I'm getting the [ __ ]. That really looks like they're good artists, I guess it doesn't look like me. Well, your face is obstructed by his mane beautiful, kissing motion. Let me just let me just say: bro I'm, I'm, half chubs right now, really yeah, damn I! Don't want me to make it a full chub or we didn't it'll pinch. She wasn't a seed [ __ ]. Oh that's all of them! No for the for the longest time people used to do that, like like very heavily I, mean Merrick, said: okay, cept appliers, a thing we get it. Please don't do anything explicit with it, because it's weird it's not like characters from a book. It's not like Johnny Harris. It was like people who actually know each other and get along and have a friendship, and then they would do this and then it kind of died down for a while and now it's very open that we're not okay with it. The whole septa plier thing we're like. Please don't very much like don't do this yeah, because before it was like, do it in like a friendly, bromance kind of thing, but then people still kind of took it further and further. So now we're like just just don't do it at all. You get weird interactions in real life, because I know you do events with fans like did anyone like bring something that to you? People will yell stuff at us so like during some live, shows if I talk about because there's section in my live show price talk about something getting weird with like YouTube popularity and someone yelled out septa plier at me, I was like no stop kids here, but yeah every now, and then somebody will say something about it and it's still on the internet and everything and people still do it and I don't want to take away from people's if that's their outlet to create art and that's how they really want to express themselves. I, don't I hate being the person to take that away from somebody, but you could feel personally by violate it. It seems like by it not violated it's just it's something that I, don't think needs to exist. Yeah I, think I think it went too far like jump the shark too much I know it's like. Well, you can't see it without seeing that side of it anymore, I think so. I think that's why I'm kind of like yeah just don't do it at all anymore. Whenever anybody does something, even if it's not explicit any more people, will [ __ ] all over them and get bullied for everything and I. Don't want that to happen here. So just yeah, damn you can just draw us as friends or I, don't even be kissing all the time. Yeah don't want. It mean Ethan I be [, __, ], so honored you have been fiction. Sodomy fan, art dude. If you guys can draw me in Jack, [, __, ], I'm down I, don't know about you, but I write down. You have it. You have a free pass on this one, a once-off! Don't worry, it's not gonna become a thing. Nobody wants to see me naked bro. You should draw Ethan like super buff like just [ __ ] ripped draw me is like a big gay. Bear big eyed Donna, a big gay hairy, bear a beard with BDSM, nothing else, but yeah it did get weird cuz, then any time it got weird between me and Marcus. Any time we would hang out we'd be afraid of even like be natural yeah. If there's a photo of you guys be like hey and then all of a sudden all these little yeah, because we did like a pax panel and we were playing cards against humanity' with Ken and Felix uh-huh and with some moments where we like look at each other and like had like fun, interactive people actually think that you guys do. They think that it's real our deal so great that people think so I both want it to be real, but, like so they'll watch a video of you guys, interacting and they'll, see a moment of you guys, like catching eyes in the back. I knew that that, like they're, just hiding their bisexuality, Spira see yeah. It's like I miss that person straight. Does that and you both have earned relationship, probably relationships, I mean it's not and then like it's just it keeps going and going and going. Is that the part that bothers you that people think there's a conspiracy that you are a mark are actually in a relationship secretly: where's yeah, there's a whole lot to it. That's been going off like for years, yeah with me a little couples there they'd be like you guys showed up together. You guys definitely need therapy. That's [, __, ], weird, just the fact that we did that alone, yeah, damn it's fascinating stuff. It's weird! The internet. It's crazy place! Cuz I! Don't see, fan fiction really about like on that degree about anyone else. Online I, don't know why it is they got you too so fueled up. Maybe it's just you know, there's maybe there's a subsection of a shared audience or something yeah. It's a tumblr thing right, I! Don't I noticed you say you spend time on tumblr. This is a tumblr phenomenon. This couldn't exist anywhere else, we'll see I like tumblr tumblr on tumblr I. Don't know what to do on tumblr. What do you kids do? One time? What are you doing? Dude you tumble bath tumblr is where all the best fan art comes from, I. Think, okay and everyone's like very engaged, and it's a it's an easy platforms like filter through I. Think mmm, whereas, like everything else, is type in keyword. How do you browse tumblr? What are you doing, tumblr tag same as anywhere else yeah just search through, and you see people interacting with the stuff people produce I, just think of like furries and like stuff like that? Well, that's the thing like that's that's, definitely a sight of Tom Berg, yeah and anybody who's on tumblr will say the exact same thing and it pops up. You almost can't avoid it. You're, like hey flour, Oh your mother's day, here's uh, there's a brony taking it up the ass there's, there's porn bots on tumblr, so you'd be going through, like your regular self to be some fine art, some text post, everything and all of a sudden. It's like a picture of a woman in a bikini saying she wants to have sex call her now. Really it's just like wow, okay, I, don't know this woman! Hmm, it was like wanna lick, my [ __ ]. Do it I'm, like all right sure, did you get her consent and what was really weird about it, because you can tell it's just like Instagram models or whatever and then they're just obviously bought. So they find pictures that got interaction or have semi nudity or whatever in and then one time I was going down and it was like a Jessica Nigri picture right. I was like want to [ __ ], her do it and I was like what is that was weird yeah. That's so in, like I know her actually huh. Actually, this is a problem. I've heard about. Is that, like people who make porn ads on the Internet, yeah they'll just grab any photo yeah without any permission because like who are you gonna do about it? They'll grab a photo of a totally wholesome, pretty girl from Instagram and then put her on pornhub like [ __ ], hawk local cuties or tinder they're, like catfish people with some buddies yeah. That is so great. That's gotta be a no-no probably, but but it's like I'm like no way to do anything about it. Yeah crazy, damn I'm I got my tumblr account and I have no access to it. Yeah, a tumble you're, not tumblr, yes, holy dude I used to upload my art and I just forgot my password one day, and it was my old email account and I. Just have no way to I mean tumblr is owned by Yahoo. So it's a [ __ ] mess yeah, so they locked me out you ever tried to get back in is going on. I tried your best back in tamil dude wait. How could you is it linked to your yahoo account to my old email, which I don't have the password -? You were just [, __ ]. Your life is yeah yeah it all over HeLa. Were you gonna catch your brownie? For that you ever seen any word porn on tumblr. On your time there I did see like a like randomly scrolling. I. Remember all of something like this porn. I, don't and I didn't even know where it comes like as a problem. Yeah, that's an issue tumblr get born. It was so long ago. I, don't know if it's still this manner, yeah I think it's always gonna, be the same. There's no way of stopping. Why you know again, like the thing that I see on tumblr, is this furry porn? Have you seen that if I just say I'm really glad that the episode you start talking about furry porn on a minute that I have to be on I mean? Do you want to participate in this conversation? Skit? Oh we're in it! No we're in it. Let's [ __ ] it because, like I, that's the thing that I just I don't have the empathy as a human being to understand. I, don't relate on an emotional base like you. What you have I, don't know if you guys have ever seen, Baroni or furry porn, but it's drawings of humanoid animals, hmm with massive [, __, ] I, never said, come Fest NASA! Just don't get it! Okay, I! Don't let them eyes each other. Okay, romantic Lisa! Well, if their lives are not harming you, okay, you don't use tumblr, but somehow that's the stuff. You do see on tumblr yeah, yeah, [, __ ], oh no! Well, I've used it to the extent where I'm like alright, alright roni roni, sodomy, I'm telling you you don't have to [ __ ]. Try that should all right look. Jack is mr. inclusive. He's gonna stand up for [, __ ] everybody, so I'm, not even gonna. Try to go I mean you're allowed to have your opinion. I just I mean it doesn't I, don't see it so I'm, just gonna look I mean I mean you're. Welcome to live your life and I'm, not I'm, not gonna. Tell you don't, but I also, on one hand, need to acknowledge that that's [ __ ], bizarre, like we can acknowledge, like dude, keep doing your thing, love what you're doing, but also what the [ __ ] right like we can build, have both minds about it right, I! Guess you can alright, whatever part of that isn't part of the roadmap, this isn't on your flowchart. You know, but I mean if that's what you're into maybe that's what people think? What does that mean? You want to [ __ ] animals? No, that's that's the thing about it. It's like there's so much like intricacy to it. Mmm it's like no I just want to [ __ ] somebody else, who's dressed as an animal, so don't want to [ __ ] and what I don't want to because yeah, because in the cartoons they are they're not dressed as animal they'll are animals right and they have giant horse [, __ ] that it. You know what I'm saying what I mean. If you're gonna draw yourself, you might as well throw yourself at the giant horse [ __ ], but there are also horses. Yeah okay, I mean I, agree to me not hired I, don't get it. Thank you, I'm, not I! Don't my mom like holding you did for a book club tail yeah. We can no that's a fascinating thing. I mean if you've never seen it go check it out on tumblr, because it's [ __ ] wild right. It's a wild ride, yeah account on tumblr brownie, Ashley brownie experience on Tuesday, we're doing that episode, yeah and I'm this week, I'm gonna show you brownie porn on tumblr and we'll report back on Tuesday. Okay, great! Please text me. If you want to look in the bottle and if you want to call in I love to do I'll come back for a second episode of the podcast, a brownie follows we make it like a book club, interesting stuff. Really so I love this or it's just so interesting. That I mean your. Your channel got its first big break from a pewdiepie contest right mhm, that's an accurate statement. Yeah I have this clip. It's really short! It's crazy that this is just the small little shout out: cool, okay, oh you're! Actually, gonna show this shout out. Oh my god, man I, don't think it's embarrassing anything! It's really short! [, __, ], I, don't even know this. He doesn't. Even he doesn't even show you. He just said it yeah! Oh, look at you in the corner. That's me, Oh, almost unrecognisable, dance, sweet, baby boy. How old were you at this time? Uh 2013 so five years ago only three mm-hm cool, okay, the mother, [ __ ], die. Don't even know. This guy seems crazy, I really like that's ever. It is he's doing yeah really funny. His name is jacksepticeye. You should check him out. He said it. Jacksepticeye I feel well, here's the thing, because there's huge misconceptions about that, because it's easy to look back and me and Felix are friends and everything. I look back and say like: oh that's how he became popular, that's the secret. You just get a shout out competition, but at that time I was at two point: two K subs there and then after that, I came home from college and it was at 15,000 some friends which is [ __ ] bananas at that moment, and then after, like 3 days, I went up to 20 K and then completely stopped mm. Nothing happened after that. Interesting and I've been doing like Grand Theft Auto five videos twice a day for like a week and no one was watching those either. So the people who came from the shoutout kind of watched, one, video and I, got like 15k views and then just didn't watch anything else and then people just stopped subscribing. It went for my getting three thousand subs a day to a hundred right and then it's like no one really watched anymore so that that was. That was the moment where I changed like everything I was doing. In truth, then I became more of myself and just like settled into the content mm-hmm. So how long after the shout out was it like? What's the timeline of the growth of your channel like in comparison? Is how long did it? How much time pass from that shoutout to the point where your channel started like picking up traction about six months, I'd say so. It was after that that was September, 2013 mm-hm and then, after that, like the rest of the year passed and nothing was really happening. Some stuff was still like residual and everything, but I. Just like put my foot down, I started doing videos like much harder much better, a lot more variety, I wasn't just doing the same game anymore. The whole top of the morning thing became like a huge thing at that point, and then it was August 2014 that the channel hit a million subs. So it was like right after that, nothing really happened, but it was the thing that instigated the passion in me right so I was like well here's this opportunity, I thought it would make the channel huge and then it kind of died out real, quick and I was like okay. Well, I need to do something I need to like that's. You know. That is what that's the beautiful thing. If anyone can get a shout out, yeah like it happens all the time, but not everybody takes that yeah and shout out it into an opportunity. Shout out alone, doesn't get you to know yeah, yeah and Felix that 26 million subscribers at that point that I don't same how [ __ ] he just phenol is yeah. I gave him back then he was like yeah so, like five years later and I'm like six behind there, yeah I'm like if you told that kid that that was going to happen, he would have lost his [ __ ], mind ya, know, but I think that that's the testament it's easy to be like. Oh, you got a shout out from PewDiePie. You know, of course, he's got 20 million, but like the shout-out is literally it's just like a little like it's like this yeah, a little I mean it's important but like yeah, you have to take, and the analogy I always use is like your channels. Your care Felix is the key turning it on get you going, teaches you how to like drive it or whatever, but you're the one who has to like change gears and stay in lane and drive down the fly. The way that shadow wasn't that epic either no, it was like very lightweight if you go through there's a there's, a couple of other channels who he shouted out in that, and there was another channel called illmatic I. Remember who I thought was phenomenal because of his editing at the time was insane mm-hm and he's Australian and he got up to like 11k sobs and then never went any more yeah I, don't know what his channels at now I hope he's doing. Well, film addict shut up, but are you getting a shout out? Bro shouting getting a [ __ ], shout outs all day. I know it was that kind of thing where I'm like well I want this to work so I want to like put the effort in and get it going and yeah see how far I can push it mm-hmm and to get a shout out. You can't have to be put into work in already like he wouldn't have shouted me out if I wasn't doing two videos a day at that point anyway, yeah was there a point where you were getting feedback and you're like oh [, __ ]. They like what I'm doing because I remember I had a moment like that. Were you like? Oh [, __ ], something I'm doing something right. Do you remember a specific moment? Yeah I think it was fairly early on people, obviously like the accent a lot, but they liked the energy and the enthusiasm B. Did you kick it up at one point, we're I mean because, like you said that you took these six months and you really focus on your content, there's something you changed where people were like. Oh, that that's good dumar that it was just a case of being more of myself, because at that point, I was trying to imitate like the Marek's and the Felix and everybody else. He was kind of doing Let's Plays at that point, and then after that, I was like well I'm, not gonna, get anywhere from somebody else. That already has a channel right, so I just started being more of who I am and talking honestly and saying: one is really healthy: dude, [, __ ] not to take away from it I'm hugely grateful for the shout-out Felix did know you and I'm really glad that it happened and I would never take that back. I just think, there's some misconceptions online of what that did sure and that's why everyone's like you need to do a shout out competition now, because Felix did one you can see it being a little frustrating of being like you owe everything to this one shot it's like! Well, that's really not what happened! Yeah and even Felix like recently came to me. He was like. Do you want to like delete those videos off our channels? Like still a whole thing, because he even he knew that people were like [ __ ] on me for that and saying like you're, only popular because of this thing, so that's so insane keep it there. It's a piece of history, but it no it's good. Yeah leave you go and watch it. You can see. It's like he's not like you need to go subscribe. Right now play your video. It was like check the guy out and he I think he was supposed to do the shared our competition and then he kind of forgot about it, and then he did it really quick cuz. He came back from somewhere and then that's why his face isn't even on it cuz. He just recorded the thing with his mic: unbelievable man PewDiePie you what a guy guys on no level yeah. He still are. You've know that we talked about like burnout and [ __ ] he's still posting every [, __ ], okay, I, don't know how he does it. He must be deeply deeply. I mean he Polly damaged and miserable, really well-adjusted. That's what pisses me off the motor raw damage. Man I mean he changes up his content enough to keep it fresh for himself. So yeah I, don't like how well-adjusted he seems I, don't like it was just a psychopath and he doesn't care about anything. That's what I like the top, where worst what's the top of the morning, what's going on there where'd that come from? Oh well, if you, if you go back and watch an earlier video, my intro used to be hello, all you beautiful people out there yeah the top of them, how it was like I wanted. Yeah I wanted to have like somebody else's voice made mine, I hated, my accent, I, didn't like myself or anything so my earlier videos have a different intro different voice, no face cam and then later on, like during that time, I was like whoa I. Don't really like this and I start showing my face, and then everyone thought I was American, pretending to be Irish because me doing that phenomenally sounded kind of Americanized right and then I was like well I want to show people I'm Irish. What's the most Irish thing you can say and then an episode of friends Monica, says topper died morning to you, laddies very Irish, and that was like okay, I'll, be as Irish as I can be in the first five seconds of my video just as a joke, that's [, __ ] I was like, if you don't make the first five seconds of the video you're, not gonna like the rest of [ __, ] off Great, Firewall, yeah, I'm, sorry, so I can't really take credit for friends a lot of generations of Irish people came up with that. How do you uh? Are you famous in Ireland cuz like? Do you get recognized more you're, the biggest youtuber in Ireland? Do you get recognized people know about you and Ireland yeah? They do buddies. You say like that. Why do you say like that, because when I was living in I was living in a small town that had like 15,000 people in it yeah like every time I went outside, it was like six really yeah, Wow Plus cuz, it's a small town and people know you lived there and people are just out and about anyway, depending on the time of day. Obviously I went had green hair. It was just. Are you born of a minute in Ireland, you're, bono, famous and I'm, pretty like household name on every President of Ireland, pretty much yeah, I? Think probably president level? Well, what's it's funny cuz a thing that happened a while ago was they did a list of the top 10, most influential Irish people in like a tabloid paper? It meant nothing, but at number 10 was the president and nine was Bono and then I was next. You to you're done you're all in this, so it's really weird. That's not! That is not Horne was right after me, House like hey now. How do I wish people feel about about you? Are they like? Are they like? Hey one of our boys, you know what I mean. What's the mentality like it's very divided, really large people can be the most passive-aggressive people you'll ever meet they're super friendly and they're great right, but to be like anytime somebody. It's II like the thing about Irish people was like you'd see. Somebody like at a person in LA would see somebody's like big house in the hill and they'd be like wow. That's what I'm gonna work towards or an Irish person, but I call [, __ ] doing well for himself. Isn't he all right? And then you never talk to her anything, that's a really fine thing. So Meyers people are like yeah he's out there representing the country, and other people are like I hate that he represents our country I'm like I'm, not represented [, __ ]. Anything just I can't even represent myself yeah. What what are ya? That's! So if you go like how much are you getting recognized here in LA is compared to like back in Ireland, not nearly the same really, but you got the green hair too yeah I expected the opposite. To be frank, really! Well, I don't know because, like ela I mean probably the biggest challenge, Israel all right, most famous youtuber, okay, I, don't know, but in Israel and no one, nobody there's. No one really Bob well, also I think it's the language barrier, probably yeah you speaking Hebrew yeah English. Obviously, that's why we speak - I thought we were speaking Hebrew all this time. Do you remember? Was there a time we're like cuz, your channel, at least from my recollection, seemed to like blow up really fast right, yeah? Was there like a month or like a period of time where you went from making like you know, a couple hundred bucks to like all the sudden, your income was like insane yeah. It went from earning just enough to like get by each week to a point where, as it was like, go write an apartment move out of my parents place and just in like what scope of time in like a month, it was like [, __, ], crazy yeah, but I mean at the time yeah it was. It was nuts. It was like the difference between like a hundred dollars a month to like six and a half thousand and I was like I can move out. Yay I can actually rent a place. What were you doing before you two? You had a job we're going to college. What? Where did you see yourself going before they had this whole opportunity? I went I've gone to college twice really so. I ran to college from music production first and things like that. It wasn't very good at it. I play drums and I wanted to learn more about that, but it was all about, like theory, and how to fix electrical circuits and [ __ ] like that and I didn't care yeah. So I left that and then became very depressed and miserable at home. That's when I started YouTube and then went back to college for hotel management. Oh and graduated from Hotel College I did yeah how many years is that which I'll call it three years, you're a [, __, ] hotel manager, bro bitrates. When did you learn that hotel management [ __ ], all you learn how horrible hotels are the whole time we were there that were like hotels, are overworked, underpaid, understaffed and they're all losing money and we're like cool I'll, get my daily effect. That's so weirdly specific I! Don't know you can't learn that so in in college, when I was doing like the final semester, that's when that moment happened and I was like I left. College wants before I should finish this one out and get a degree of some sort. I, don't know where YouTube's going mm-hm and thankfully it took off cuz I booked a hotel yeah and you were living with your parents yeah. How did your parents feel about the YouTube pursuit? I mean my parents are always kind of been supportive, they're good, almost to a fault they're one of the good ones, yeah well I to a fault I. Don't think you should give him that much credit right. It was just the case of like whatever I was into. They would just let me do and if I was passionate about it, they were. Do you think if you were like now still at five thousand subs at home being a youtuber? What would they would they still be like do your thing or would they be like you need to [ __ ] off push out I'd, say they'd, be fine, damn what a good one! That's pretty interesting, yeah, damn different nice people! Sorry you're gonna open your own hotel. Now, what's the first? What's the first nice thing you bought when you started getting that cheddar cheese at guacamole, I bought an iPad Mini. That was the first nice time watch game. Grumps video is in bed, mm-hmm I used to watch them everyday, but it was on my computer I'm like I, want to watch it. I didn't have a like a smartphone at that point. I was like I want to watch them in bed, so I bought an iPad. Mini was like six hundred euro I was like way too [ __ ] much like well I even get the use out and I went over in like a month in my head being like should I get it. I man I, don't know then I got it news that every night thank God I still have it yeah yeah you use it. I, don't use it yeah yeah a little remembering the first thing we bought I remember the first time we bought nice was the TV we're in new york new york. I bought like a 35 inch. Tv I was like I, never I, never wanted never had it in like five years and I was like I. Like listen, I had a pretty good month. I buy myself a TV hell, yeah drop that cheddar on it. It was a bill, actually wasn't the one in the podcast studio, so we replace it yeah. You got rid of your own piece of memorabilia yeah. Well, you gave it to your family. Someone took it. Ian's got it. Oh yeah um! Until now you know I want my [ __ ] TV, but it was funny, though our bedroom was tiny and the TV was big. New York, apartment, yeah and I wanted a big TV. Dude I was crushing. It looks like 500 bucks by like Sian like it was only the bed in the TV. I mean it's a smaller than yeah I mean it was small. I mean what place is much much. This is like 65 or smaller. It was much smaller, but, like I watched, we watched a lot of hits matter x, hunter, oh yeah, dude. First time watching that mm banger I thought everybody was an anime I, say: listen! You gotta, watch hunter x, hunter people, don't listen to me. People need to listen to me more. This is your moment. Shout it out trying to tell everybody hunter advocate I'm a super fan. Oh really, are you do I mean? What's your favorite anime I, don't know cuz I already got into anime. Like very reason, I mean I watched like Dragonball when I was younger in have you watched, Hunter x, Hunter, no I, know of it and has a legacy to it, but you said it like you've watched it now. I know it's I know it's probably decent. It's not a decent. Give me a [, __ ] break, come anime I didn't mean to [ __ ] attack. Okay, go right, you're a brony, but what do you like? What do you watch? My forever is one punch man, oh just okay, one punch is probably my favorite. Oh it's his favorite, like I've watched it three times. He wants to re-watch it boy like every week. Every week you ask me, do you want to watch? One punch man like oh that was gone. Is why did yes, okay, good I have I, don't have to leave this table, but I don't want to really watch the whole season ten times. I love it so much that I bought it on Amazon a so that I could watch it with the English dub. So they have felt newer because I've watched it so many times was it [, __ ], no I loved it in English yeah, it's pretty good, I, guess I'm getting used to yeah but yeah, but even to got announced yeah I. Just like it. It's well animated the pace. It's amazing great! It's a it's got! It's like a perfect show. It's! It's doesn't take itself seriously. Ela, it's hilarious. Have you yeah, you see what is wrong. It's a short yeah you're in the minority here, yeah I watched like three times -. Oh yeah, thanks daddy I'm, not even that much of a superfan yeah he's in the minority of friends in this hooking. It's so perfect! It's like it's hilarity that the fighting scenes are the best I've ever seen. Yeah so well, animated doesn't take itself seriously compelling characters. Incredible action non-stop thrill rides, while maintaining a great heightened sense of humor. All at the same time that I mentioned great animation, yeah yeah, well, I can't wait come out under like one punch. Man is not the best. That's actually attack on Titan, okay, I hate to admit this, but I feel like all my favorite shows right now or anime. It's because there's good Agra Duke, oh no, it's like they didn't want on Netflix. Now, if the little cat girl who gets Anglo I haven't watched, that I've seen is that a good one, yeah I'll check it out? It's funny. I mean I saw that the picture I was like I can't I'm, not really my what about my hero, academia, we're watching. You want to get the superhero right now he's my hero, academia, if I am [ __ ] every Saturdays on Hulu I'm, like Mila, clear, our calendar, I, have to say the fight scene, but - I don't want I'm, not gonna, spoil anything but like that Epic's fight scene between one of the newer ones. Yeah. That's with all my lessons, the villain yeah yeah, oh my god, dude I was like I've, so captivated yeah I watched that episode back-to-back twice. That's the good one. I know any boku, no hero fans out there, yeah um, but I love all these shows, but Hunter hunter by far I mean. But in terms of like writing and music I mean the the writing and that show is, is beyond anything I've ever seen it. How long is it it's? It's like 550 ups, there's animes like like one piece: oh I will never [ __ ] dare to get into because it has like 5000 episode and it's still going like take a rest least watch bleach and then it was like try. Nothing is I. Try it's never getting to the end. Give me a break. Dude I need to know that there's an end in sight, yeah, that's why I'm like full metal, full metal. There broke down series. That's my second favorite yeah. My comment on that that one, the first anime series we watched and I loved it mmm and I tried rewatching it recently. After becoming a fan of, like you know, one punch, man and and and Hunter x, Hunter and I'm like don't love it as much the original or Brotherhood, though we watched both other hoods. Obviously you know the more cherished one yeah, the good one, yeah I, don't know. That was a good judgment, though cuz I think you only tried like to it like just at the beginning, yeah pretty slow, yeah, yeah, I, guess so. I still think it's up there, yeah did the tap. What's the tax rate in Ireland, let's get to what's really important, it's like 15%, isn't it it's like 12 and a half corporate tax? Oh my god! That's what you pay! Cuz you're, probably incorporated right, yeah! Well, I'm, not anymore! Oh so, you're getting [ __ ] by UK now. Was that a big change for you, because that Ireland has like one of the lowest tax rates of any? What is it in the UK? It's probably up there with everywhere else like 40, yawn or something yeah I. Think it's 40 to 40, I, don't say out loud because I can't remember it off! Stop my head, but it's it's like much more yeah. Was that a big change for you, yeah, that's kind of painful I mean well, it's also. Just you have to go through all the [ __ ] paperwork of moving everything over and that is so annoying. So you had to change your company to an English company or her that work yeah. There was just a lot of [ __ ] involved with it like creating like subsidiaries and [ __ ] like that. Just to make sure everything was above board, God I have fantasies about paying 15% tax raise I wake up, that's insane like, oh, my god, our tax bill and kitchen were set well here. It's like closer to 50 yeah in California, just a prep you, if you want to move to LA you're gonna, be paying 50%. Okay, I'll, keep that in mind. Man start saving up now. Saving up for that tax bill can't wait to pay that army bill I mean 50 percent. That's where you're facing here I mean that's, that's! What's ridiculous about it! Right, cuz! We, you don't really get much yeah yeah, exactly no health care, yeah, that's a whole rabbit hole! That's the thing because my editor is from Sweden and everything over there is free. So, like free health care, free education, you get paid to go to college I! Don't forget all these! That's like a conservative talking point here. Is there like? Socialism never works, and it's like what are you talking about nor Scandinavia's? Like utopia, I mean it works? There's social programs: it's not a [ __ ] country, no apparently no far, I mean no I, wouldn't say so, but um I mean well you people, you probably don't want to get an apology debate, because I'm I'm, not thinking about politics I'm, just a person experiencing like paying so much taxes, but you don't get anything I, don't know! Even why it's gotta be so political. Well, it's like I mean I, guess the thing that I've been thinking. Trump wanted to have a hundred million dollar military parade in DC and meanwhile actual veterans are getting health care yeah. It's like what the [ __ ]. Meanwhile, it's like you always get this talking point of like how are you gonna pay for it? You say you know it's a very liberal, talking point that you want. You know health care and college tuition free to ever want it and they would say how are you gonna pay for it? It's like bro you how you gonna pay for your hundred million dollar. Look military prey space force. Damn let it out man, you know, be cure. Truth. How are you gonna pay for anything spill that political worry we're in debt trillions of dollars? What do you who's paying for that? I? Don't know how everyone? Yes, you don't figure it out. No, they think it won't be. The truth of the matter is that when you have social health care, it's actually cheaper than what the [ __ ] everywhere have we have now because like well anyway, you have to drop a sound board under now to break that tonight. It's true! What else do you have? Are these new just got your stream decks? Yeah, that's Alex! Jones! Here this is my favorite you're gonna, like this yeah [Music]. They had the curb theme. Every time I die in fortnight, really yeah. You, like curb yeah me too I've watched out a whole lot of it. What I've seen is good yeah, it's great, you watch Seinfeld! No! Is it popular in Ireland, it's popular everywhere right. It was like it came right before my time and then growing up. Friends was like the big thing, yeah, so I kind of missed the Seinfeld boat, but I do want to go back and watch it. I recommend it first, a few episodes on why you like Diane, yeah, Mike's, iPhone, um, you how many tattoos you do you have just one just the one I want to get a second one. This here I'll show the people. Here you have a massive blood. We have, you actually can show it like just yeah. You don't need a picture here. It is on the TV. If you guys with director, have you guys look on the TV here there? It is wow it's so the likeness is uncanny. What what does the game mean to you that you are so enthused about this game that you were you wanted to tattoo it? What is it again to people like me? I'm, not blood-borne, okay, Dan's, a big fan of it apparently yeah, so I well, I've always kind of been a from software. The people who make it and I love dark souls. I love Dark Souls, 2, 3 demon, souls and this and then I always wanted to get a tattoo anyway, and it was in my head like what [ __ ] am I. Gonna get. Nothing really means a whole lot to me and then this this I decided to get because you have you don't need to know a blood-borne is to know what this is. I think it's just a cool design anyway. I was like well I, want to make the leap and get something, and then it's like my second favorite game of all time. What's first Shadow of the Colossus? Well, let's get a fat [, __ ] tell you a some getting it here. Oh my face! Well, I! Don't know you love it that much more I've never played that game, but it looks amazing. You've seen footage it's so good. Nice I played it when I was a teenager and it blew me away when you poop. Do you? Do you wipe forward or backwards front to back front to back see what boast about you go like this yeah? Okay, what do you do? Listen, it's a whole thing but eyes, but I know I, go [, __, ] I go back to front I, go under the balls and I, and so it's really a point of contention contention here on this podcast, but [ __, ] weird. So if you drag [ __ ] into your balls, bro I, what? If you drag [ __ ] up your ass crack? Then you can just keep wiping. What do you yeah? That's weird I have control Doug I'm, weird you street [ __ ] up your ass crack all the way off control dude, all the way up, the back leave a good sense, or do you use baby wipes? No, you go all dry. Yeah I mean if there's a if it's a messy situation, there's a sink nearby. You know I'll just like dab it up with your hand, no with the toilet paper to go wrong with because I well, because I can't wet toilet paper cuz. If my [ __ ] hairy and it sticks to the hair and gets dingleberries. But you have a class [ __ ] sounds like [ __ ]. You problem man, no I mean shake your ass. Deep, save your ass I mean a little bit. Yeah yeah, you gotta, keep things trimmed, but how do you safely shave your [ __ ], with very precise tools? What tell me I've because I'm a man that needs to learn, I, don't know man I, don't know like like Dollar Shave Club. Could you use a razor? No, not that [ __ ], we what that's what I'm concerned about, but I? Don't how? Maybe you you you, you, you, you manicure with scissors or what I mean whatever whatever gets the job done, whatever's in the house, hedge clippers lawn, mower huh, you know, so you don't use a razor and get in there. No Jesus! That's what I! That's what I imagine, but the thing is, even if the [ __ ] are short, I feel like good well feel like it's still good all right. Well, I mean the situation is clearly different. Look that I could just be lying right now, as well. I'm dragging you down a rabbit, hole you're, not lying I'm, not like no here yeah shaven, no I just I'd have thought never crossed my mind. To be frank with you, I know: I actually had guests here who they shaved their [ __ ] to to help the situation now there and I have to think that would be a huge life improvement for me yeah, but I don't really know how to get in there. Do you put a mirror on the ground? Do you lay on your back and look at your ass hole in the mirror mean? How do you do it? How do you get the value? Get the vantage point? I! Think you just guess you guess it's like what so like this do: you've a [, __, ], prolapsed, ass, oh, but like hemorrhoids, stick it out! I! Don't know it just seems like a more delicate job than just you know his landlady get it watches wow, that's [, __ ], just take a page out of Philly DS book and just jump in. He seems like a clean I'm fascinated by this, because everyone says this is something that you know generally isn't talked about, but everyone has it really. No, we need to be positive. Male role, models right now, yeah half my audience are freaking out right now, I didn't need to know. Yes, you did fanfic just got a whole lot. Weirder I didn't say that, oh god, I just give people ideas. One thing that I did pick up from having this conversation, I'd like to pass on to you and actually some of our listeners, who are probably waiting for updates Metamucil. Have you heard of that? It's a fiber supplement made of this thing called Basilian husks, and it really tightens your your [, __, ], yeah, hmm and so I found that it's really it's been a great, really great beautiful thing. Take a pop with a couple of those in your mouth fiber it's supposed to be forever died. It was just balanced, you wouldn't be slurry colic, oh hell I mean sure, but it helped it helped even euros all the time and euros. You're not familiar most Nava cartels that we shouldn't like a dream, burger again burger in burrito sauce. You know it's also doesn't help. You do Irish people [ __ ], with spicy food. No, actually, I do. What do you mean Ireland like? What's the dish that, like people [ __ ] with their yeah? We don't. We don't really have like traditional dishes that down a law suits in here yeah. Are we covered by insurance? No I'm bleeding everywhere. Right, no, like lamb. Stew is like a big thing or Shepherd my lamb stew, that sounds dank it's pretty good. Really fatty cut of lamb, yeah, what's shepherd's pie, I'm, not sure I've ever had it's like minced meat, with certain like we've had that over, like mashed potatoes, yeah mashed potatoes on top no and top you open cocaine. So it's like crispy on top damn pie crust on the top. No that's American, oh yeah I've got something they were doing. Melted cheese on top yeah, okay, quick cream, right cool now, I'm, hungry, shitty, ass, yeah I need help, need help. I'm not, and let me tell you what I'm not doing all right for anybody. Are you supposed to be his carer? What are you Ryan like and made of intestines? And oh my lord potent blood puddin? Well yeah, you [ __ ], with blood pudding, hell yeah black black pudding, I've smile, a turd blood that you eat; basically, spices in it, she's going to tank ugly or unhealthy Oh, woefully unhealthy, I'd, say mmm salts, but it's so good that it's worth it yeah put it on. It's like a fire spray, couldn't think of a better and like more enticing name. Well, it's called black puddin. Oh, it's not blood put in no that's! That is what it is, but we don't call it that because no one would eat that yeah! That's about weird I mean you eat sausages, which is lying, but, like ya know, do you have well? We've got pretty much everything sorted. Okay, we got through the the sodomy, the furries, the politics we dropped a fortnight in there. Alright yeah I'll put four tie in the thumbnail. We talked about design fall and therapy Logan Paul. We talked about the suicide forest yeah, oh wait, who's gonna, wait, fight drop that in there August 25th. We didn't talk about that. No, no, no look! Man I have talked about. Oh, we know this podcast today. Not today. Who do you think is gonna win I. Think Logan's gonna win, really, hmm is he taller? Does he have a longer reach? It makes you think that yeah yeah he's taller. He just seems like he's bigger Carter he's probably way more weighs more you months, like no case I he's like stacked and everything and he'd got into great shape, but watching him fight, jo weil or it was like. Well, you only won cuz Jo didn't really fight and I haven't I haven't seen that actual fight, so that would be good to him for my opinion, but a lot of times in boxing and fighting in general, the bigger guy generally wins I mean that's why you have weight classes, but these guys are probably not in the same way matter. Tyson, yes, well Tyson, but they were in the same weight class. He was heavy, it was South's yeah, that's true right yeah, but Tyson was also like a [ __ ] monster. I, just think just physicality will win out and right Logan used to do like wrestling in college and high school and stuff, and so I'm always leaning towards chaos I simply because he had already had a fight, maybe but from what it sounds like not that valuable of experience. But what I do think is that it's gonna be fairly boring. Cuz they're, not professional fighters. It's gonna go the whole length, nobody's gonna, get knocked out and somebody's gonna win on on a technical win. Yeah, it's gonna, be it's gonna, be something less. Oh, we were wrong. Hopefully, someone gets like money round. One knockout I'll watch that I'm gonna watch the highlights I'm wash the [ __ ] out of the highlights. Oh you're, not gonna, get to ten dollar pay-per-view. Is it ten bucks that was like 11 days, I, don't know what it is, $10 paper pay-per-view doesn't pay the bills come on. That's a lot hundred thousand people watching yeah, they're, gonna charge. I honestly have no idea. I, don't know. What's going on with that, um yeah, well, [, __, ], that we should just put money into a pot and see who wins that pays the bills if you're good at it yeah so we've pretty yeah I mean we've really covered every single thing. Oh I was wondering that people are very religious in Ireland right yeah. Are you religious, no I've been religious since I was like 12, you should be an altar boy, though really yeah. What happened? Did you just like I mean? Was there something or you're just like yeah? Not for me yeah I forgot, it was so weird. I was such a [ __ ] woke 12 year old. Really I was like running down the video playing around and then I just thought to myself. For the contrary, existencial was like what, if it's not real huh, what if God, is not up there? What if God is not one of us and then I like went down this rabbit hole I was like I, don't think I believe in God anymore, on by on your own kind of yes, your own thing. Are you lose your family, religious yeah? Oh my god, they think about your. Are you an atheist? Would you consider yourself an atheist or an agnostic or you just not your yeah. Would you say I'd say more agnostic more for the optimism of it sure where atheism is like no, nothing exists. My agnostic is like something might exist. Who knows open up my eyes to it? Yeah God isn't real changed my mind, Yeah right exactly? How does your family feel about your godlessness, my my my parents never really cared, they didn't mind. They went to church and everything, but I never told my grandmother that I didn't believe in God, because she was very, very religious and and I'd. Never knock anybody who is like if you wanted to do me there. It gave her like great peace of mind and she felt a lot closer to things in her later years and everything so fantastic. But for me it just didn't really make sense in my fists in hmm, as they're growing like among younger people, that's probably a growing attitude there. 100% yeah I mean we're just legalized abortion there a couple of months ago right and that's crazy. Just a couple months ago, yeah Wow, ironically America's gonna, be going back through making it illegal I mean that's huge for Ireland I, like same-sex marriages allowed there now, and that was a recent development to write that yeah. That was what that was with in the time I've been doing. Youtube I, remember them. Maybe, like two years ago, great Arlen's, moving forward the whole world is mm-hmm. It's a we're saying that. Well, it's not that weird. It makes sense, but it's just interesting, hmm, look how we talked about religion, sex life, [, __, ], how's, yours yeah, that's not good! What does that mean now I want now, let's get into. What's your relationship like with your parents? Fine whenever they come back, how's your sex life, you brought it up as a [, __, ], meme right long story, I get it. You have a girlfriend right swords she's into you, I mean why me as a girlfriend now as well. Yeah, no I, don't have a girlfriend anytime. What I don't have any I mean not together, although I I mean foul sorcery, girl, yeah I have to worry quite impossible. Oh well also add to the mix that nobody wants to [ __ ] that maybe would make it even more of a Pete there's some people out there. Some people in the comments right now being like I, would definitely [ __ ] you yeah they're, not out there I'm telling you it's cuz you're like married, like very public publicly and you so you think. If you're, not a single public would want to [ __ ] me [, __ ], maybe fanfic. It's an idea. I write one for you that be saying not about me, but I'll. Just in general I write one actually I did it. I forgot I, said I've noticed you said in a video that 2017 was the worst of your life. That really stuck out to me. I was like whoa I, don't know if you don't want to talk about that, but I was really curious, like what was going on 2017 there's a lot of stuff, a lot of like YouTube stuff and everything trying to figure out what I wanted to do like that thing of like climbing the hill and then getting there and be like what else can I do it now, yeah and feeling very aimless? There was a lot of like like stuff with people in my life that had changed very drastically a lot of friendships, a lot of stuff like that that had just gotten very weird and then by the end of the year, I was I, just felt so drained and exhausted. Miserable mmm, I didn't really know what was going on and that's why the whole like PMA thing, started because I I was going into this year. I was like I'm gonna, make it positive, I'm gonna change my mentality and just work towards a better me. So what is PMA mean positive mental attitude, and what is that? It's just something that kind of gets thrown around to be like keep a positive mental attitude and to me it was something that I could just keep saying to like remind myself to be happier like a mantra, something yeah. That's it not to dwell on the [ __ ]. That was happening. That really meant nothing in the grand scheme of things and then because I kept saying it a whole bunch. My audience obviously picked up on it and then it's become like a whole. Like a movement on my channel, mm-hmm I was like okay I can now we can wear it around with me, so you feel that you were. You were able to wilfully change your attitude by just consciously forcing yourself to be more positive, not exactly because I, don't I, don't think that's healthy just and that was the whole point of it. I was worried that people would be like yes go out there and be happy if you're happy, then nothing gets you down. So what's the [ __ ] I appreciate this more complex yeah. It's about, like it's gonna, sound, so hokey, it's about like trying your best to get to a positive, putting in the work to get out of the hole yeah. So for me it was a lot of like starting to go to therapy like reflecting on things easing up on my work life and just having a better balance with my mental health and coming to terms because for the longest time I was like. Everyone sees me as the positive person, but if I show any sign of like I'm sad, then I was worried. That was letting people down and then I creates anxiety and yeah things like that. So I was like okay, I'm just gonna be open, honest cuz, I'm, going crazy. It's gotta be a burden to be like that positive, happy, energetic guy yeah and then especially when you have people coming to you be like man, there's like no drama on you and you're. So happy all the time I mean you have nice things to say about you all the time. That's just way too much pressure for any person. Hank and it's not true I, don't feel like I'm, not that all the time everyone's perfect yeah so then just know trying to reconfigure my brain again. I should get to a better place and because it was a lot of stuff that was like. That meant nothing with a lot of very tiny things, that kind of buildup that mean nothing and then you get miserable about them for no reason, mhm and then because I have so many people come to me talking about their mental health. All the time I figured that, let's do something better with it. That's why we start doing the monthly charity streams, and then this is like the hashtag for it every time and try and turn it turn some turn things into a positive I think trying to work to a better life. God bless. I was I'm an energy to be miserable, sadly, no I'm in the same headspace. You are I really like what you said. It's not about like hey, I'm, happy now yeah, it's about you have to make you have to like make the changes that you know you need to make yeah to get there and I. Think a lot of youtubers suffer with that, because they have everything they need technically or everything they've always wanted. You know it's like why it's like I have no reason and yeah. Worst of all. A lot of the fans or people watch are like very judgmental about like what the [ __ ] do. You have to complain about and that's the thing when you're when your finances are taken care of, and you your own boss and you're doing a job you love. All that's left is emotional issues. All the things that you have left to worry about are stuff, that's all in here and your brain there's a lot of [ __ ] to you that is not useful at all, and and on top of that millions of people have an opinion about you that you've never met yeah and you have to be their advocate for their mental health. A lot of the time as well and keeping make sure they're entertained and keeping a check on them and making sure people are okay, mm-hm, that's why, like after a while, it gets you but yeah, it's nobody can go out there and just be like okay. I would be happy today, yeah because you're, a [ __ ] psychopath. If you do that yeah, but as long as you're trying like if you have a [ __ ] day, it's fine sit in the [ __ ] day. Allow yourself to feel [, __ ], get it out of your system and move on to the next day. Mm-Hmm. If that [ __ ] keep going mm-hmm. If you have a [ __ ] month, a [ __ ] year keep going mm-hmm eventually that day will arrive, where you're happier and at all, like that's the thing everyone always says, like people get bullied in high school and then they grow up, it's like yeah. That really meant nothing. Did it yeah I mean leave some scars if it's bad enough, but then, at the end of the day, it's like no, you kept going. You kept fighting mm-hmm and you're at a better place in your life. Mm-Hmm god bless I love it no I've been I've been seriously I've been like I've, been legitimately depressed for, like probably two years and never just now, I'm starting to like address it. Hmm and that's part of why we're not posting videos on h3 cuz. We were just doing too much. [, __, ] and I was like working every day and like was getting between me and ela, and you work from home as well hobbies yeah exactly your free time and your leisurely time are mixed up. Cuz you work from home and it's just so bad yeah. You know you can only take it for so long before you're, like I'm, just gonna have I'm I'm, just gonna disappear forever or I'm. Gonna address this and that's the I think that's the problem with youtubers is that when you're on that treadmill and you're constantly working towards it, you feel like. If you fall off, you're, never gonna be able to get back on again. It's really not true. No, it's not, and you can see channels like Shane Dawson, who was had like huge popularity a few years ago. Kind of he didn't disappear or anything, but it's definitely not jelly. Yeah yeah and I was [ __ ] huge again yeah. The biggest he's ever been yeah same with Phil Edie. He was big, went down. That was huge again I mean the one. That's that's great! Well those guys stayed active. The one that always blows a mine is jontron like he doesn't even [ __ ] post a video for a year. You know what I mean and he comes back and everybody's still. There no excited first content mm-hmm. So it's very much that that myth has been busted yeah. That's why a lot of more youtubers are talking about it. Now it's they feel like they can take a break but I also when you take a break and it is really hard to get back to it. Yeah. That's one thing that, like when you're in that treadmill like chase when you post a video every week or at least used to do once a week, it's kind of like it's just the routine and then once you break it, it's like even harder to get back to it or the problem for us is that you're always chasing like a feeling or a time of like how it used to be yeah instead of just embracing like all right, shit's different now, mm-hmm, you know and I mean that's the same for the audience. The audience are still chasing the old, yeah and I think they they either mature with you or they leave and [ __ ], all over you yeah, so you could have just I mean you've been doing it for how long at this point, yeah you're, not even this a long time, you were yeah five years yeah you can every person change it's like every three years, so yeah so I think part of what's really important for us is just to be like okay, that that air is done like it's a new, it's a whole new era. Now we would keep we've always been like man. I can't do this anymore, but okay, now I really need to get back into doing that again. Mm-Hmm and then it's just like this never-ending cycle, yeah, it's all about finding balance any stuff that makes you happy outside of your channel as well. That was like that was like the thing talking to in therapy. I realize that I don't do anything outside my channel I. Don't do anything like physical everything's. Everything I do is mental. Even if I play video games, it's still keeping your brain on. You need something to let your brain shut, the [ __ ] up every no good. That's not have anything a lot too something up. It's like a whole. You need a wholesome activity, yeah to do just distract you're in the [ __ ] real world like dude. What do you do? Do you have any hobbies outside of working games now that I've come here? I've just been hanging out with people a lot more like living in Brighton I hadn't left my house in like two weeks, cuz I, don't need to I have to keep my videos going and then, when I came here, I finally had people to hang out with day-to-day they're just been hanging out with people all the time. It's just cleared my head completely nice. Well, not completely. No, no I wholly clear but yeah compared to what it was I'm so much happier, and then it makes it easier to get back into your videos and if, if you hate doing it the way you're doing, then that's the sign that something has to change. Yeah schedule changes or your methodology changes or what you're actually doing changes and the bottom line is, if you're not happy doing the old ver of you that the audience wants, then it's not worth doing so you might can't do it. You might as well do what makes you happy and if the audience leaves they leave if they stay, they stay yeah. You gonna make yourself happy. First, it's a tough pill to swallow, but it's the truth, hmm and something a lot of people don't want to swallow, cut the tension. Now we've really talked about everything we really have, except one thing: ghost stories: [ __, ] yeah: do you believe in ghosts or UFOs or anything paranormal like that I want to I'm too rational I, don't know it's fine! It's a weird thing like we. We have a habit of asking all of our guests if you have any ghosts or UFOs for it. Sometimes the answer is quite surprising, but a lot of times they say no and that's the end of it. Okay, so UFOs story I mean not really a alien UFO, but one time I was out when I was like no like eight to ten years. Old I was out in my backyard in Ireland, and we were all outside very late at night in Ireland. You can see all the stairs because there's not much light pollution going on and then all of a sudden, my friends were talking and I could hear this like almost like a jet engine sound and they kept getting louder and I like looked up, and there was a star in the sky that just got like wider and brighter and then vanished and all of a sudden the sound was gone and I was like that's it. I was an alien dude. I just saw an alien huh. How old real eight nine did they see it? No and I feel like a lunatic everything I loved. Were you guys here when they like the missile, went off the deer, the jenna, Marbles yeah, oh, and we're the ones that somehow like capture that moment? Yeah did you see it in the air? Actually, no I just saw it all over. The news. I think we may have been in New York at the time right all right, but it was it just turned out. It was some missile test, yeah I'm sure you want to see when you go outside yeah all right. Do you believe in ghosts and aliens I'm, don't believe. There's aliens visiting the earth, yeah I, don't believe in ghosts, I believe, there's aliens they're out there [ __ ] slamming away yeah, but microbes going at it killing it. You know, but I don't think they're visiting there I mean. Why would they want to I? Don't know who knows imagine if they visited the earth where, where do you think is like the worst place they could land to be like [, __ ], this never coming here again, that's a good question. Yeah cuz, like everyone's like, oh the Komen they'll, go to like DC or New York like Independence Day, or something no. They could end up in like like Zanzibar. Some pretty much anywhere is just a [. __ ] I mean to an alien they're like what the [ __ ]. Is this Danson San Bernardino? They they land in Greenland and there's just no one right yeah. This is weird. No. This is very reputable burbank's. The [ __ ] zero. There's a Sox there's: nobody here, nothing's popping off the bars are at Muscle. Beach I had a lot of fun meet you. This is great. It was a wonderful, beautiful time. I'm really glad we got the chance to sit down and talk. How did you think it was gonna, go well, I think we're gonna I thought it was gonna, be so awkward. Are you kidding? No, it's I know I thought I know you're a great guy. I met you before your sweet, [, __, ] guy. Every time I meet you I'm on that guy's. A [ __, ] sweetheart say that so now, I write my fan fiction. Anthology I am still curious about your [ __ ], manicuring techniques of you know. We talk about understand, you're gonna, take that to the grave and that's fine. I do have a technique down. Oh I'll show you well every razors you can squirt your seed on my [ __ ]. Okay dan keeps telling me to you, guys represent dot-com /h stage-three comes in black and also he's got the hoodie and also I'm not wearing the extra thick hat. But it's there too. Okay, they're great I did my duty. I love them. Thank you all. Thank you, I mean oh you're sold out and so that well, you can still buy them. Ah, there are in reorders Oh PMA. Oh you, Jerry can do a pre-order yeah. Okay, just this batches, all down cool I'm, very happy about it. That's awesome and you guys this stuff was going great, so good for you. Thank you. Thank you. It's very popular I see it everywhere. What the teddy fresh, yeah I see it all over my time lines all the time. That's really cool, mmm freshen it you guys should be very proud, I'm really excited. We have some really cool. We've been working really hard on tape fresh. Actually, mostly, what we've been working on is Teddy, fresh yeah and we've worked in a lot of designs for this winter and 2019, so it's gonna take a while for it to come to fruition yeah, but very much looking forward to it cool as long as you're excited about it, that's good long as you're having fun all right guys. Thank you so much for tuning in Thank, You Sean. Of course, thank you guys, I'm glad, I came around catch. Catch Sean on tour at jacksepticeye tours were calm or just jacksepticeye. Calm, jacksepticeye, dot-com, slash, tour, I, don't know what the link is. Oh get some t-shirts, PMA yeah. What's the website st. Paul, it's on the same gonna. Do it all there really one-stop I got it on lock, fanfiction tab there yeah the highest the highest rated one will get a free shirt wow. Now that's what I call positive. What else next week? Who do? We have Bert? That's correct, Bert Kreischer next week very excited amazing rate, the wonderful, the hilarious, Bert Kreischer. Well, that's Friday, and then we got a show Tuesday. Oh yeah, Tuesday we're gonna, be broadcasting on Tuesday current events talking about everything going on, because you need to hear what I have to say, because what else are you gonna have an opinion right should talk about buttholes, more I talk about it, a lot! Alright! That's about it guys! Thank you. So much for watching have a great terrific weekend. Don't forget to miss the new episode of my hero. Academia check out this weekend. Hell yeah. Viewing partners minute I think it's gonna be good up, so things are heating up yeah and we will see you on Tuesday, so my dudes I wish you a blessed weekend and all the greatest things in life to you. Thanks for watching [Laughter], [Music] [Music], you.