Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast live on twitch.tv for slash h3h3 productions. Today we have a very special impromptu episode. I'll tell you what we've been thinking about doing the show twice per week, we're thinking about bringing a Tuesday episode to you, guys where we have a top of the week where we've discussed. What's going on in the world? Have some laughs have some goofs just me and ela hanging out? Maybe sometimes some some people come and hang with us, but on Friday we have the interviews and our traditional stuff there, but I think it would be bring a good balance to have like our us time, and you know that all of us time it's like the top of the month but top of the week yeah top of the month we cram everything into one episode, ends up being like three-hour marathon. We could do that every week, be more current, have some laughs along the way every week. So here's, basically our pilot attempt to do that and I'm thinking about cutting it down making about like an hour-long each episode, something about that about that length. So yeah! That's what we're thinking so, let's give it a shot and a quick, quick! Thank you. We have enough sponsors today, so our real and only sponsors as it has always been, is the wonderful people on Twitch, prime and our subscribers on Twitch. You guys are my heart and soul: okay and when I lay in bed at night with ela I'm, not thinking about her I'm thinking about you, guys, I'm, saying she's cool I like her, but my twitch prime subs. That's who I'm freaking I disappeared on to of that message. So ela - she act like she's I know you think about her twitch prime says act like that's. Not your family, everybody of those emoticons and I go to sleep more emoticons so anyway. Thank you. Everybody supports the show. Let's get into it, yeah a couple things on my chest: I want to get off first and foremost before we get into the memes mm-hmm I'm back on Fupa loss right, you know, I did was do it really good I was up to 205 when you start when I was at my fattest yeah I was a monster. I did really good. You got sick lost the progress, yeah, that's the killer, hopefully I got to stay healthy, but I was so fat at the onset like I, don't know if I talked about this, but I was so of such a monster. Man like I, would lean over to tie my shoes and I would couldn't breathe like that's, not a joke like it was a large. It was big Shh. You know, I stopped wearing tennis shoes. Only sneakers. Only bands stop wearing tent. Why cuz, I'm gonna tie I couldn't totally I was like this is not how animals are meant to live on this earth, especially not in their thirties. Well, that's like someone in their 70s yeah man they're deep fella, nobody, nobody know of age. Age aside, you shouldn't suffocate to lean down to your foot and I actually felt my ribs being pushed out of my body. I'm like this fat. This [ __ ] disgusting food I'm eating every day is terraforming my body, the ribs, are being displaced by the fat. So I had this moment of realization I'm, like all right, dude time to time to get on that football off, so I lost 10 pounds. I want to lost like 15, oh and uh, and then I got sick, like you said, and I was like f [, __ ] it as I got [ __ ] my life. Well, when you're sick, you can't exercise, and then you start also eating whatever, because you don't feel well yeah, you need color, you need that comfort feel vulnerable and then it's so hard to get back to it. So right and then eventually you lose your rhythm and you're, like f [, __, ], [, __ ]. My life by this cheeseburger is more important than being me living over the age of 50. Is that strange, I'm fully a food addict like it's straight? You people are like oh you're addicted the hair when you're addicted to meth alcohol. These problems I'm a food addict and I'm, kicking that addiction yeah. When I could, when I went well, my ribs are being pushed out of my body and I'm feel it and I'll still go eat a cheeseburger and french fries. That's an addiction, that's sick! When you start to get uncomfortable in your own body right, so maybe do something about that. Yeah! Take it. Take your things very uncomfortable! It's uncomfortable! It's disgusting and it's unhealthy, but it's hard to make that change. I mean I, see when you're really trying and I see how hard it is to do that way. It's like the most annoying thing, but on one hand it's like it's good to acknowledge it as an addiction. It should give you some more sympathy for people who suffer from being. Like a you know, a fat, [, __ ] monster right to put it sensitively. It's effective or not more I will have that much like oh [, __, ], eejit whale difference and fighting to get back to the ocean, but it's good to think about it as an addiction. Right, you don't say: yeah dammit, stop just stop doing heroin you're, you know I mean you got to think about complicated and complication. Yeah complicated. So anyway, I've been doing good I've been exercising hard man I've been hitting that that elliptical mm-hmm I've been dieting. I go to bed starving, I, don't know if that's record, but that's how you do it, but I I, don't know, I need to see results, quick, otherwise, I get discouraged. So I'll starve myself, I called the concentration camp diet. Just like it is the start of my son to write a book. I, don't know just carve. My book will be banned in America fat, so the fat cow monsters of America, maybe what a concentration camp diet that'll be the title. Everyone's gonna love it anyway. I woke up this morning, super hungry because I hit the gym last night. By that I mean the elliptical machine and I was starving because I went to bed hungry and we've got a Starbucks and I'm always looking for like a healthy alternative for the food, and they have this. One item called the I, always [ __ ] crack up when I say I can't take people seriously. It's called the feta cheese egg white white sliced tortilla wrap like a whole run-on sentence. Then egg white spinach fettuccine we trapped, and it's like you have to say like whimsically and they're like all right, sir, and if you, if you try to like not say the full thing, they always like what yeah what say it. So this is really shame. You say it like with the coffee, sighs, I, refuse to say their names. So every time like I want a small coffee. So they're like, oh you wonder the recipe. It is socially needed. That's what that okay I know! This is like this has been running to the ground, about Starbucks, but seriously what the [ __, ] small, a large medium and I, don't I, don't play by the rules. I'm a rebel okay, I might get the feta egg white, spinach tortellini, but I refuse to say [, __, ], tall or grande I want a medium coffee. You know what I mean don't make me say anyway. I get this diet. Food back, it's just such a con, this health food- didn't they give you this egg white and it's like oozing with like butter and cheese and they're like oh there's, spinach in it that's healthy, and it's like little flakes of spinach that was sauteed in butter. You know and I'm eating this more eating this on the way over and I'm like she's, the one I want him, you ever eat a meal and you're like I would be better off. Not having put this in my body. Yes, a lot I think that a lot I would my body would be healthier. I would be healthier in life if I, just straight-up didn't eat this meal, so I felt about it a little bit all right and pretty good I'm I'm a fan of eating at home. So for me, almost every time, I get out it's how I feel say that again, I just I like eating at home, like you just can't compare that to food, you get outside yeah, I know. What's in there, you got fresh fresh vegetables. You know what yo you know when you eat out. It's like I. Don't know what how I got this food and what happened in the product and some chef who was back there who doing wiped his [ __ ] hands if ya, [, __ ] his finger broke through the baby, wipe and he's like that or like when you're at home. You have this thing. You have like this mix of lettuce and stuff and it's got a date on it and if it's one day pass, we like to throw it out, I freak out, throw it I, don't know if they do it in the restaurant yeah, you may be eating like a two-week-old. Yeah. Well, probably are. When you get a head of lettuce and you washing the little bugs and grime out, do they do that they're busy people, probably not so yeah I, don't like eating out either and so that you know that's my rant for the morning. Pretty much cover everything on the agenda. They're. Moving on to the next story here top story, you guys probably saw this. It was a really special mean. This was circulating on Twitter everywhere. The Joey salads is a [ __ ] Nazi memes. Oh good thank God, okay, so on Twitter somebody originally tweeted out something like to those of you who say: Trump supporters aren't Nazis. Look at this picture: I'm in [, __, ], erase windows, I, hate windows, so much Bill Gates, you make it cure malaria, but you'll never make me not want to flip and kick a wall anyway. So somebody tweets out you know to people who say not all Trump supporters are not to look at this picture and it's Joey. Salad, corn, anachronism, oh for [, __, ] sake, Joey, of course, and then everybody starts retweeting this and it starts picking it up. This makes your choice colleges at the Nazi. What does that guy should say? Obama called me: Klinger Hillary calls me up horrible terrorist call me infidel. Trump calls me American, that's a little dramatic dude, but regardless you have Joey cells standing next to the swats gonna sleeve, you seem very reasonable. So this is from a prank from like months ago and the media picks it up and everyone's like. Oh [, __ ], that's Joey South. We don't really look into it. Obviously, who looks at anything these days except me, so people thought he was that they're at their Island Charlotte's right last week, so you guys probably follow this whole thing in Charlottesville, where there was like a white supremacist who freaking ran over people, I mean if you're, if you have to be living under a rock, not to have heard about that I, really nothing. To add to that, it hasn't even said: bye, everybody, but everybody thought Joey. Salads was there and I'm not see Swasey and everyone's like what the [ __ ] Joey, - territory de nasi, and so obviously you know he's not a Nazi he's just a salad head. I know that looks you guys know that my no and it's from a prank for a months ago. Let me watch it. I got it here, yeah. What was the prank about? Yes, so he prank was about not see a trump rally: social experiment, our Trump supporters, Nazis, here's, a here's, a brief excerpt from that video reaching out to we're enough to welcome to be Romeo over there on that side. Where we don't see it right, it was a dilemma: oh [, __, ] I'm, getting used to this group format. I, don't say there you go, we should get you a mouse. Yeah Mouse would be helpful. So here it is people over there on that side, they've been telling us reaching out to we renounced you you're welcome to be here. We can't stop you, but I. Don't know why you're doing this, but it's not a cosplayer. We do not agree with bridge out there. I thought I thought. We were Nazis said that people are their class, not the sword, truck. Let's work. Let's do see that you have ready, I, don't think your exact, but the left a name there. I thought we were. The Nanshan says that they all said no we're literally killing mr. butcher, but they say all right. Well, that was a good job. You get I got a whole new context after the eyes, wake of it. What do you mean? Well I, just if you went like that to the Raleigh. Oh, that would be a really bad timing to do that. Experiment yeah there, a chance they'd be like: let's go, do it come on? Here's your shield? Here's your shield is ours, I! Think here's your ticket George! Do it? Can you imagine Joey like fish out of water like anyway, it turns out it actually had like a relatively nice message. Yeah he went out there and he's a he's, an idiot guys. Was he real about it? You know we love him to death to tell that. He goes out there and he's like hey we're, Nazis right, Heil, Hitler and they're like no dude. What the [ __ ] wrong with you wrong event wrong in here at the wrong event: good, okay, so actually a relatively heartwarming show of rebuking him and the Nazis they're. Not that I think that Trump supporters are Nazis was just it was a nice see, but on the other hand, you kind of have to accept that when you go out into the world just as a Nazi Joey kinda hard to explain, I should ask PewDiePie it's tough to get away with those jokes all right, but now there's just been a huge media blitz about how Joey cells is the Nazi units everywhere. Yeah is kind of like shouldn't joke around with this stuff, I guess, especially after all these things happening lately. This was before I know, but now it's really not always loved it yeah. So when we shout out to our favorites a little not want appreciate you dead air next up, Jake Paul drops the mic literally Jay Paul hosted and performed at the Teen Choice Award. That's kind of shocking. To me, it's hard to imagine a world where Jake Paul is actually below I mean I know he is, but the disconnect that big, Teen Choice Awards on Nickelodeon would I know he won two awards. He was nominated for he hosted the dang thing he performed. I mean I. Was just those pins I, don't know a Teen Choice Award? What how far up the teen are we going because I feel like there it got about 15, yeah I. Think our fans are like 12 should be the adolescence Awards I guess it all falls under the same thing. Probably should be the dependents Awards Sherwood should be the mom, bring me a juice box or worse anyway, Jake Paul drops the mic literally hey guys. Let it go, but I am forgetting. Let me drag this over. Actually, you guys can see it it's every day, bro [Music]! Oh, thank you! Dan! It's everyday! Go it's everyday! So that's it! This motorbike I, like that jump. That is good. A little leap really went for it. Also I like that. He word everyone. He made it. Everyone else, wear red and he's in blue I. Guess it's his home he's the star the star users, it he is the CEO of 10 team, 10, just slick, don't get it twisted, don't get it twisted! I love that when he dropped the mic, the sound didn't change at all. How's that work some kind of black magic by the way. I guess I can announce this now because it's pretty official at this point, but this Friday guess who's our guest. Every day my dogs, we've got a white, a [ __ ] episode planned for this Friday. You will not want to miss Jake Paul is coming in and are you sure you want to miss? Tell them the surprise, huh yeah? Why not? Okay and a KTLA reporter that you know broke this story about Jake Paul is coming in as well. It's going to be a blockbuster. My friends, I'm excited and I. Think it's gonna be I. Think it's going to be a fascinating I think we need up there yeah your load. We found one or more settings on your battery that will help improve your life I plugged it I, don't care about the battery I, don't care about update I, don't care, but one on it off a Windows everyday. By the way, every day tomorrow, right, [, __, ], I didn't know, Bill Gates would love Jake multiband updates getting killed out there, I'm getting [ __ ] hammered Vin Diesel yeah a [ __ ] dead, and that voice is something on her, alright, so Ben. This is kind of a old clip, but I haven't seen before it's becoming my favorite clip get ready. Where's my mouth Vin Diesel professes love for a Brazilian youtuber during an interview, get a load of this [ __ ] man to the first one that can't be his real voice. That's the first one me thank you to blame that! Is it up guy, so beautiful my right eye wrong! Look! How am I supposed to do is, and if you look at this woman, tell me she's so beautiful go mad and sing the better price how's that in real life there's no way hey, not even speak in English he's just like low rumbling. Why have you never seen a woman he's never seen a woman before it think you play it just got here from Mars, but never seen a scene on the farm. I'm too black talk to me baby, so this book values within God. What God on account of you? Thank you, you probably just motorboats them. He does probably as a micropenis and it gets women off. He goes down on them, goes [Music], hey guys, good god and he kind of told me was gonna be like, and the last thing I wanted. I saw a new speaking. I am Groot in so many languages, but I don't know if you ever send it in Portuguese. So I brought you what you think about help they're so good who's. What do you think about a delta I'm, a fan of the sleeveless shirts in all kinds? I know: you're a big fan: well, you're the Fashion Police healer you're, the Guru. What do you? Let me give them a critique your Joan Rivers on the red carpet. What do you say to the guy? It's just so it's so madhouse Wow, it's just wow! It's such a parkour guy cut off plaid aviator glasses, but can you keep playing? It sounds like I can't get another fitted to go so Gooch. Can you believe that Tiffany was David, guys, I, don't know what this thing is. Look at her. What do you want? It's so crazy. Do you think you smashed? It is like what's wrong, I, don't know what is wrong. You're doing everybody jumping over the couches and drop the cameras to come. Try to [ __ ] put their dick on this girl. It's crazy, I've, never seen anything like yeah I've, never seen anything like it. I, don't think he has to try that hard either he's a movie star and I mean yeah. Well things on point. His voice is on point I'm. Getting rock-hard just from the vibrations of the bass in the room is make my dick of grow she's, so [ __, ] beautiful. It's like you can't even do it get away very wrong. Oh my god, someone save you with the beautiful world beautiful world when this turn the beautiful world open your eyes. Yes, looking at us and we just join in a beautiful world, I think she's our girl, oh yeah, as soon as he got out of a shooter and as soon as he got up it's like oh [, __ ] stay where you are moving. Do you think he [ __ ] her? She ran. She look creep out of my hand and I. Wait. Here's part 2, there's a sequel to this OHS. It's just OT MP Harris, backstage [Music]. She does seem weirded out by it. Yeah we got drugs, I mean it I mean we almost changed. I, don't know, I love. What he's having I want to enter beautiful world? Are you sure who is big? No I, don't know actually I'm, not sure why it's a beautiful world he put on a camera nice little changes. What what was that their intro now show to give a she's a [, __ ], so anyway, I identified. That was an interesting one. This is crazy. I've seen Vin Diesel in interviews and I liked him really I haven't that's my first clue. He plays like Dungeons &amp; Dragons and [ __ ] he's like a nerd, so it's just hiring something here. Maybe something is wrong. Well, I mean are I mean, did you not see her? Love is a drug. They say you [Laughter], sometimes I go to her in my office, I'm patent owner all right. Thank you for that down what else we got on deck here, my friends, Mike Tyson, in an interview. This is an interesting one because it curious what your your take us on this one. Having seen this yeah this one's good, this is a good video, so Mike yeah, it's called Mike Tyson swears on TV, but that's really not even the point of the video welcome back. Many of you probably know that Mike Tyson come I, do which happiness in a pound he met up with Mayor Rob Ford. He joins us right now. With this promoter, Alex Henry joining us both of you and I'll go with yourself. Many are wondering how does that happen? This meeting was in there I'm going to inside clothing again I know. The end of the day is mayor of the city. Mike Tyson is here to promote the first ever performance in Canada and when I had Sugar Ray Leonard come to Montreal the mantra when the mayor's office we're here to have it. We both community in the history of Ronald with a man and bigger, denotes those city. You can select a name but in the city of Amman conceived again and in our community and dynamic character arrested you, he read up on any server call Nigeria one my watched on television, but in M, using a big, big instinct, and what some of your critics would say. Yelled is a race for mayor. We know you're a convicted rapist. This can hurt it campaign. How would you respond to that? Hey? How does it the United, you know, means and how animal commandeer you know, because we can tell that off. You call what happen Mike Tyson's if a convicted rapist right- and that happened a long time ago- and it was crowded in controversy. It was his girlfriend who accused him of right, and you know it's. He went to prison, for it ended his career mm-hmm. You know nobody want it's very controversial T. So anyway, this guy's, like your convicted rapist. What do you say to the people who say it so it doesn't? It's not a good look for him for the mayor to be hanging out with you, mmm-hmm that Mike [, __ ] loses it and I think. Understandably, it's kind of a [ __ ], like curveball right begs, would come in Toronto having a good time, so you're a convicted rapist, and this is after you spend time. Oh, this is for never like fifteen years, yeah, okay, nobody! Nobody! You know, please that [, __ ] doesn't come up really, but anyway it's on live television and he's out here trying to promote his live, show they're on tour. There I, don't know it's kind of I, don't know here's I'll continue! Thank you. This ue- stop and I found Mittman I'm missing here. Nothing to do about it time. We talked about Georges Seurat, oh, it is remoter, tease my great happiness, my life and going to the time yes, but it like napkins my emotion. We should be open to make. That was really a piece of [ __ ]. You are doing too much TV on can't you. What are you there - only you are like. We are I think we are we're. Gonna draw it's the real paralyzed easier to see your show. The tells it about you know it's people kind of hard to pressure. My dad today, our pre-production one can be friends like I'm, calm, be calm, I and we're really really from yeah. It's like is a human being. What you brought it up and now you want him to just move on and go back to like all smiley mode. It's yeah a little hard. No, that's not that question. It's not the right set. It's not the right type of player, but I love I mean look I, don't know for my crate, I, don't know you know. I have no patience for rapist, obviously, but the mic one was pretty controversial. It's a time is a time. I mean like someone I, don't know it's kind of tricky you hear, but anyway, mike is such character. Yeah! Yes, we're looking at me on the gorillas over it's over tonight. We're going to be looking for our last right. It is nerve-racking Beauty some like this there's a more nervous for you box [Music]. It's not no rhymes medias talking to a reputation, oh look at it, French sling! Are you I love it mike is a words in it good for him. I love, Mike Tyson for the firm we're all people like if you're gonna ask him a mensch. It still with the query, I think it's better to not be like oh well. My shooting tonight is going to be great I'm, more nervous boxing than performing, and you just called me a rapist if anything, it's more humanizing of Mike, because it shows that wasn't just something I didn't already forgot about. It doesn't matter if he did it or not, but obviously it was the dark thing in his life yeah and you don't just bring it up. Playback me, Mike Tyson is one of the most interesting people really Jude has been through so much. He had such a rough upbringing was the champion by, like 19, went to prison for rape. Controversy, surrounded in controversy came out. His career was over and then his daughter, [ __ ], had a freak death. Did you know that until you told his daughter like fell out of a window or so or at some freak? No, it wasn't even that it was like totally outside of his control dan. Can you look that I'll tell you anyway, and here she died in a tragic accidents on a treadmill mom. That's why a hanging accident involving a treadmill like something that never foresee her prevent her daughter dies like and that [ __ ] like I, don't know man he's an interesting guy. Dude I love the way he talks. Yes faster. It is fascinating and I, like one of my favorite quotes of all time. He's talking, [ __ ] to this boxer on live on, live TV and he says to the guy I'm gonna [, __ ], you till you love me [, __, ], yeah I mean that's just so beautifully stated as an insult I, can't think of anything better. Just at the top of your head, I mean it's just it's beautiful so anyway, this was a good one. Dude scares the wrong. Lady, this one's a little old triggering these people kind of pissed me off. Let's have a look alright, so you know thanks. This guy looks like a class act already he'll at Miller, High, Life hat with that ain't. It so bent the deeper the bend. The more the inbred is, what they say looks like he's missing a couple teeth. [Music] this lady is dying she's horrified. His girlfriend is taking the ship way too lightly. You gonna show her face again. Can you throw my god? Look: okay, she's hyperventilating, hello, he's like oh, my god, I'm! So sorry, let me go put this on youtube and not blur your face. I'm! So sorry, great, there's a world out there, my friends with people with bent hats, hats bent way more than is reasonable. Scaring people in batten, hallways filming them I'm telling you me on the world that there's crazy. It's crazy back me up on that. You yep thanks when you got support like that. Let me tell ya: the world is my oyster. This show is on tappable. What else we got here got some other stories. Disney is pulling out all of its content from Netflix Hulu Amazon every streaming platform Disney's pulling out. You know, just like my dad wishes. He did bad jokes kind of it's still a little too sexual for a joke, but I see your point is kind of they're in the same thing: yeah early bad yeah, early, dad joke free fatherhood, so they're pulling out, and my first thought was like whoa good luck idiots you know, but Disney owns, but wait they're pulling out because the other starting their own streaming platform right, yeah, they're, starting their own streaming platform and give me a [ __ ] break how many of these companies are so entitled to our ten dollars per month? I'm, not I. Can you break I, can't even count all them memberships. We have four stop playing like a thousand dollars a month and like random, ten, ten member dollar membership fees yeah every time, and it's getting to the point where it's kind of defeating the whole purpose. So you have these streaming flat platforms to combat piracy and cable cable television, which nobody. Our age has super expenses like $120 a month for like got Church sports at home shopping and like three channels, you actually watch you're, actually watching commercials with sports commercials with yeah cable doesn't make sense to me as a product anymore. You paid way more money $120 a month and then they it's half of it is like super intense commercials yeah. So then you have these streaming platforms. They're blowing up they're competing with cable I'm, paying Netflix Hulu Amazon between those three I'm paying like 30 dollars a month, but it just starts they're, paying like show time to watch yeah. You know, there's there's all kinds until I can Ollie okay, show time, I play playstation yeah and your crunchyroll I, hey everybody way. I shouldn't take much role: I, don't I'm, not a weeaboo I'm kidding, I love country, don't be ashamed, I'm kidding anyway. So now it's coming to the point where all these companies think that they're worth [ __ ] that all of our money, it's becoming so fragmented to bread to YouTube right like we have so many I'm, just trying to check right now. Yeah you pay iTunes right, I, know it's crazy! It's getting to the point where we might as well just get cable, although a different way yeah, but it's becoming so fragmented. All these companies being like. Oh my shits, [, __ ] worth every [, __ ], the consumer, I'm disney! We make it. We make skids content, but we're run by sociopaths, I'm disney. It's becoming so fragmented that it's like it's defeating the purpose yeah anyway. So I'm like oh [, __, ] off disney I'm, not buying your crap I'm, still not buying the crap button. Just to give you an idea of how much property they actually, oh, they own Pixar everything Pixar's ever made Lucasfilm Star, Wars, Marvel everything, Marvel ABC. What you know all those and all those late night shows you watch. Even those might be owned by Disney. Oh [, __ ], because they own ABC. They own an A&amp;E, Network, History, Channel lifetime, blaze, crime and I'm all into the crime and investigation network ESPN a lot of people care about that touchstone pictures. There's way more than that, oh and AAA. They had that good, Scientology, serious I, just don't see it though cuz it's like it's mostly kids, content, Disney I feel like, but then you have a lot of other serious films and it's just it's weird who's it for yeah. It's gonna be a weird collection of stuff, just [ __ ] off. Don't they have enough money? Yes, in short, yes, but they do have enough money. Star Wars made like 10 trillion dollars in it in its first day. No, but it did make like a billion dollars in its opening weekend, like you're fine Disney did the Disney executives are sociopaths I'm, not kidding Herbalife. You guys know about this company. It's like this giant like a pyramid scheme scheme company and so covered in the disguise of being with the name of that documentary and I'll. Remember. But they say they have products for like betting on 0 yeah. They have this health product. Apparently they sell like shakes and that kind of stuff, but it's all just a skin. Well, it's well, it's a pyramid scheme. So essentially it's this veil and but it's not even about selling the products right. That's what makes a good pyramid scheme yeah the product isn't actually the product the product is the affiliation where you have to go, recruit people to sell under you. You know sue pyramid scheme, and so basically this company Herbalife was like you know, a little bit of an underground pyramid scheme and then, like ten years ago, this guy, who rose to the ranks of one of the head directors of Disney, got hired by Herbalife to take over, and this guy turns it into like this worldwide scheme and I seen this guy in this documentary, betting 2-0 is really interesting. I recommended a liar and I'm. Looking at this guy dude and man, ie could just ease as a sociopath that guy would put poison and baby food and go to bed at night and sleep like an angel. It probably does it's wild. This is the kind of guy who would give your [ __ ], Nana, tumble down the stairs and say goodnight to his children, because some gimmick is I mean I'm telling anyway, that's neither here nor there to be honest, but the point is I, don't like Disney I, don't trust them and if you guys are looking for your next spokesman, I'm available, you can contact me I love her making content and set us up anytime, Disney. Actually, everyone I know who's worked for Disney, which I have some friends who have they all hire right now, not fired, but they all unanimously hate it. They're like they're their slave drivers. Just I've. You got to love the irony of this Daisy Disney work for us work. Your work, your bones to the dust anyway streaming services, man, not there's nothing. We can't we don't deserve anything good. Is everything good in this world gets destroyed. Eventually, the Internet is being [. __ ] over by Comcast search Comcast on Google, a Nazi swastika comes up streaming services by Disney. Give me a [ __ ], your bright leave, something for me. The distribution of wealth in this country is already [. __ ], your truck. If you want to not see your head on a freaking guillotine like the French Revolution leave our streaming platforms alone. It's all we have I'm to foster the people. Can you making? Are you starting a revolution? Yeah I might be Disney. Listen to my call. This is not a threat for violence, it's just a joke and if you are like a first spokesman, I'ma go anyway. What's up next, oh man, this story is awesome. Thank you. Elon Musk, Elon, Musk, I love this guy man, Elon Musk I, would probably if he was like yo Doug. Here's my dick I need. You I knew it. I said we going before you said: I wasn't you thought I was gonna say so he wants me to shine it and manicure. It look. I need you to manscape my genitals, I'm, not doing Joe I don't require payment, I love the guy. Some people hate him. I, don't know why he's like the real-life Tony Stark. All right, it really is I mean come on the guy's. Incredible he's he's pioneered commercial space. Travel opens the doors for so many things that guy has made driving electric vehicles cool, clicking point where he made a profit and now he's making them consumable the model 3 mark my words in 2 or 3 years, when that [ __ ], is goes into mass production. You're, going to see that all across the country, people say people always say: oh, oh well, electric vehicles are just as wasteful as gas. Oh I've got a [ __ ], stick in my ass and I have to complain and be sour and contraband. Contrary about everything, not true SolarCity lungs even got that I'm getting to the righthand accomplishments. If you have a if you have a car without an exhaust, but let's get it. Let's just put aside the question of, is the you know, production and making new cars whatever yeah people always make new cars? Okay, forget about that. Even if producing the electricity now from a freaking coal plant is just as polluting as putting gasoline in your car. First of all gas you can as solar and wind and all these renewable energies that don't give off any pollutants become more. You know cost-effective as they do every year you have the option to plug that [ __ ] into your car yeah. You plug that in from the outlet to your car, okay, coal, gasoline. You can't do that dude and if you think that in a hundred years risk of me doing gas, if you think that's just an option forever get [ __ ] real tears ten year, give it ten I give it ten years too. But people like oh it's just as polluting to make a lecture card and I was always talking about. Oh it's inevitable. Electric cars nobody's done it. Nobody stepped up to the [ __ ] plate and risk their ass to do it until he did he's the guy. Who did it and seriously when electric cars are [, __, ] everywhere he's going to be the guy who did it I mean I know you really took a huge risk. What is all his money right? Yeah I'm, just locally invested in it and it didn't go well in the beginning, everybody said was going to fail. The regulators were against him that they still don't. Let him have dealerships, he sells direct. That model doesn't exist almost in car manufacturing. You have to go the website and buy it. You have to wait like six months to get in a car, that's how good of a product and how good people want. You know it's insane, that the odds were stacked against the guy and beyond that, and also just for the record. The electric vehicle has an effective 100 miles per gallon right now, so [ __, ] off haters, don't ever say that to me again, don't ever talk to me or my hair again mm-hmm. It's don't talk to me on my Elan. Don't ever talk to deer, might you on again and and then furthermore, he has his company SolarCity, which just got absorbed into Tesla, it's one company now, but the guy. Let me show you this [ __ ] I mean Tesla. We're we're in both company he's our company's his so yeah, but they I don't know why they absorbed it own. To tell I think what happened was his cousin or someone had. Ok was a co-founder of of Solar City and he just absorbed it. Ok, look at this look at this house. You want to know what the [ __ ] going on with the future. Look at this house. Look ordinary deal these shingles here- art! Oh my god, click here! If it's a doctor's gotta know these. These roofing that you see here is solar panels. You guys that's solar out! That's powering the house charging the car completely off the grid. Hmm, ok and his goal with this is to make it better, looking more adorable, durable and cheaper, and she and eventually cheaper, so that it's like people, don't even have the choice and it looks amazing. Do you see this guy he's [ __ ], changing the world like people always talk about it like it's inevitable, this guy's? How does one guy do all this? It's crazy he's amazing he's he's he's like uh. He they do yeah. This is where he's these once and a hundred when a thousand year, a guy who caught the rolls around and just you know, beats and [ __ ] beat the [ __ ] out of the earth. You know, I have so much every I don't know. I man I have a friend who's like I. Don't like him, I, don't trust him! I'm like a baby and one of our best friends. I get so triggered fun and you got no function, there's no basis to the head. It just don't you just hate him. So even put so here's his beef with him he's working on this other project called um, the boring company. He says again. This is Elon. He sees a huge problem traffic in Los, Angeles traffic. As you know, if you don't live in Los Angeles traffic is impossible. If you have never been here, it's hard to believe how bad it is. Yeah I thought coming from Tel Aviv I thought: we've had like horrible traffic. It's a joy! Oh my god. It's nothing compared to here give me an idea to write to drive like 20 miles it takes like an hour during the day. Do we sometimes just consider not going places because of traffic like it's one of the it's? How you make decisions here, yeah exactly and it's funny, because if you go somewhere like past eleven, when the traffic is gone, it'll take you 15 minutes to get somewhere where it will actually take you an hour or more during at it. So he's like okay traffic, what's up with traffic right, so the dude is drilling [, __, ] tunnels under the freeway to transport like a superhighway for cars, so it took your car drops under and a highway, and it goes on like a conveyor belt and it blasts you at higher you yeah, there's, really everybody. You can get Michelle interesting to see, boring companies, video and it blasts you at high speed here at watch this video. This is great. Those tunnel tunnels look pretty wild yeah, it's pretty loud, it's actually not what I expected yeah it works. So there's basically platforms you drive on to and it lowers you underground and it just blunt and then here you go, there's like super highways underground that bypass the traffic and the roads, and it launches you out like 100-plus miles per hour, and then it lets you up. So the car is not even note. Yeah the car doesn't run it's on a plug you're, not even putting mileage on your car right. Oh, it goes 200 km/h. They aren't as fast it's funny. The future is so not what people imagine in some ways in some flying cars, because when you look at like the future yeah you imagine stuff in the air yeah, don't actually imagine digging under an earth yeah. So my favorite part about all of this is that he called it. The boring company, yeah and so Jeannie is so good um. Anyway, it's just an idea. Obviously he did start drilling. He look. People are saying: oh, it's not happening. Lowell people always said that to Elon you think you oughta, listen! You haters, googas ition, boring company drill. You already built a [ __ ] one-of-a-kind. Well, even if it doesn't happen at least the guys trying tell me it's not happening. Look at these pictures. Try to tell me this shit's not happening. Look at this [ __ ] drill thing that I miss epic here. This is how it works. It's like this crazy stated our drill wow. It's not happening, look at them, lowering the drill into a pan and look at this. It's not happening. They says it's not happening. They says get real if Elon wills it, let it happen why, anyway, our friend was like. Oh I, don't like this, because it's like class warfare, all the rich people get a superhighway and all the poor people have to be on the freeway I'm like dude. Stop that still means less people on the freeway. First of all, less traffic on the freeway and oh, my god, toll roads. Already [ __ ] exist. Dude yeah stop anyway, I'm going to be honest. We got a Tesla recently-released thing I said was I'm not into having nice cars I never was we had a Prius that was all I ever wanted, but it's more about just like [ __ ], supporting this, this movement that I love about going eco-friendly, it's sick I mean I like the car, the cars dope I, really like it, but it's like there's no exhaust pipes on the car. You plug it in in your garage. You wake up every morning with a full tank of gas. It's cool man, I like it. Why do you like to Tesla I? Actually really like it? It's funny I thought that it was like so unnecessary because we had the Prius and right, like my doing in this and I thought it. It's just going to be another car, but it's actually really cool and I'm. Not. Obviously this is not like I paid anything I'll, say I'm, sorry, okay, but it is really cool. They make some new stuff that I never thought of before, like the gas and brake and we'll add on it. So much I, don't know if you want to explain it so they have what's called um one pedal driving. This is actually one of my favorite features, yeah mine too, so unexpected that I would love it that first, it's really awkward and weird. So the gas pedal. When you take your foot off the gas it breaks yeah. Actually it breaks. You still have the brake too. So yeah. Sometimes you need to like slow down fast and you know whatever you have a brake, but it's pretty intense when you take your foot off the gas, so 90% of the time, I don't even need the brake yeah and it's used to regenerate energy for the battery too, and also I've just notice that it's so much more immediate when you're, braking or slowing down that it feels a lot safer, I think so, when I'm, when I Drive our Prius now and I, take my foot off the gas and it's almost like it, you go yeah gliding at the same speed on my foot, because if you need to react immediately, there's a few SEC's, yes yeah, it's crazy and then you know you know Yvonne's not satisfied just to make an electric car. The self-driving is like, let's sprinkle, that [ __ ] in there too, and it works amazingly all right. This morning, I was having a little breakfast in the car you put on auto drive in the traffic and like I'm, good dude I eat my my breakfast, my coffee I've got an auto drive it's sick. It feels safe because the car so responsive I, like it a lot but more than that I, just like supporting the the movement. It's obviously an expensive car I think when the model 3 comes out, which is the it's like more than half the price of that one, then I'm good I can't wait for the solar roofs to become like the mainstream they're available. But now it's probably expensive, yeah it's expensive as [ __ ], but you know he's out there he's shaking his dick, but it needs welding. Almost everyone had well, not everyone, but a lot of them. The majority of the houses have solar heater for the water. So when you shower and you take a hot water, you know a hot shower. You turn on the I mean if it's. If it's in the summer, you don't need to turn it on, because it's always on the Sun and I've always loved it like it's. Just such a simple, great thing. It's so weird I mean you have hot water, it's after being in Israel for five years. It's crazy to think that that's not everything in America yeah and it's always been in I. Don't know why it's such a thing like you, if you ever get a shot from above you'll, see that every roof has a solar panel around the old one and I read a report that it cuts down on like six or eight percent of energy consumption from the country's power grid. That's significant yeah, an LA that would work me anyway, we're getting there. It's inevitable, I see more more solar power every day when I'm coming to LA, so he lon I got your back. Dude I got your dick I, don't know if he wants that, but he does scare me- and this gets into the point- I wanted to talk about Neal I'm, starting to freak me. The [ __ ] out, because he's talking about AI he's been in the news, a lot talking about the dangers of artificial intelligence, saying that it poses a greater threat than North. Korea is the greatest existential crisis we've ever faced as a species that we need to start regulating it like drugs and weapons and stuff, like that. He said something like if you're not worried about AI, you should be right. It's like oh [, __, ] I, wasn't worried about it until you said it. I know I mean, but it's like here's, a guy who I trust and Mayer talked about it like that kind of. Does spook me a little bit so just to give you a little background that he owns a company called open, AI and they're, basically just testing the limits of how far can they take AI, and so the International is a dota tournament that took place recently. The best dota players in the world, so dota is like a competitive game where two teams of players fight each other on an arena of some sort and it's a very high level skill based game with a lot of chaos. A lot is happening, a lot of data to understand and crunch kind of, like Starcraft right yeah like Starcraft, it's like chess, real-time chess, and so they are like well. This is a good. This is a good platform to to test this BOTS to test this AI, because if it can excel at this and be humans, then that's a good place to start right. It's like a real-time chess game, I've seen people say it's more difficult than chess. Well, it's more complex, I think from a from a computer standpoint. Definitely because there's way more unknown, just moving partners up yeah, you know so basically they made this bot that could play. They could play DotA 1v1 and they brought it to the biggest to turn right in the world called the International and here's one of the best players in the world, his name's dandy and he's playing one verse, one verse this bar and this bot went like 10 enou against everybody, but this is one of the best players in the world and he's getting [ __ ] cream, like he doesn't have a single chance against this bod. Russia's he's on the right, the bots on the left excited its infancy. I can really not intervene at all. I give up giving up. Yeah I can steer like recognizable team I've seen it quite a lot. This week and okay value away, this was at the end of a long one. We won battle. That was the second round against him and he getting creamed. Is he a the bot is on another level, and this is one of the best players in the world and obviously the bot has the ability to make decisions immediately doesn't have to think about. Anything, doesn't have to think about taking a healing or doing an attack or calculating range, but that's why it's so terrifying, yeah, all immediate. It's yeah! The bot doesn't need time to think when you give my humans tasks and it learns to do it it there they're so vastly like. If you have a true AI they're going to look at us like frigate, then we have the intellect of a mouse. You know everything immediately makes sense to them. They calculate and rationalize any problem immediately and it's and our brains are just pathetic, I mean ultimately, so the danger is there. I can see that for sure. If it, if a machine somehow gets past a moral barrier, that's coded into itself. Who knows what decisions it's going to optimize? If, if humanity or life on earth becomes part of its optimization code, yeah for whatever purpose it sees, who [ __ ] knows, you know Elin says he's afraid that humans will become second-class citizens to robots. It's essentially like a dystopian matrix, more stored, Susan -, yeah it sector exactly was world Susan. So here's the engineer of that bot, basically explaining what happened comprehend this. These are prone planes he's a human brain. Someone is telling me this variable has failed so many times it's actually better than professional dota player. It's putting four really lifetimes of experience, and it's quite so many games of dota as exploring many different strategies, learn to be learn to exploit other people debate, and it's just played far more into the strategy as any human, as so turns out, worried about star deeply how they just played dota 24 hours a day, don't need us if you can do in the second time, so I find that explanation was actually really interesting or fascinating should I, say fascinating, because it's like this bot can just play DotA lifetimes in the span of like a year. Even that's right. How long I think they were doing it for for well a year or less okay? In a year they can play a hundred lifetimes of straight dota. You know and as an amount of experience that no human could ever achieve no amount of date. You know it's it's pretty interesting stuff. They say is that next year, during the next international they're going to try to make a full five-man team to compete against the best team in the world, that's going to be something to watch yeah. You know they're going to win the bottom to win right else. So then Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg, my favorite person, who represents my favorite company cancer book, started talking [ __ ] on my boy Elon and I'm, like what does Zuckerberg I, don't like Zuckerberg I, don't like his company I, don't like a stupid, smarmy face and I. Don't like other things about him. He says about Elon. Basically, our main reason is freebooting on Facebook right among their among many others is our own device. That's just like the it's the best example of how they do business on Facebook, I. Think so the fact they let that go and they reward people who do it and pay them is really representative but they're. One of the most unscrupulous disgusting companies I think the way they farm data they don't they've done experiments on people trying to manipulate their mood. Try to sell them products they'll show them post that they know will make them sad, so they can sell them Kleenex or whatever for prozac or ice cream or ice cream. So then Mark Zuckerberg starts getting butthurt at Elon and he says he says that Elon is being irresponsible and ridiculous. He said this publicly in a live stream about Elon. He called it. Fear-Mongering and Elon later responds I've spoken to Zuckerberg about it, and his understand me understanding on the topic is limited. Oh, it's [, __ ]! That's like that! I'm gonna be over! That's like an AI you talking about us right. This is uh, not static. That's a bottle and unlimited ending is limited and to be fair, you run Facebook dude. What the [ __ ] do you do except mine. My data I put a dick pic on Facebook, so Zuckerberg can mine it and so apparently, and also ironically, Zuckerberg. The one is like: oh, this guy's fear-mongering [ __ ] this guy, we spoke about a couple weeks ago. Facebook is the one who created these chat, BOTS right and they vented their own language, yeah to start communicating with each other and broke the protocol that was designed for them and had to be shut off yeah and he's the one being like. Oh, you fear-mongering he's the one developing Skynet in his basement, and so there's he actually, the beef goes even deeper and I love. This whole story. It's great! It's a it's a classic story of good versus evil. In my mind, so space X forget about YouTube John. Oh my god. This is on a whole nother level. Spacex was Elon space company. Well, it was responsible for launching one of their internet. Beaming satellites on the Falcon 9 rocket that blew up upon launch was one of their failed launches and that was Facebook's satellite that was going to go, fly over Africa and give everybody free access to the Internet known as Facebook's free basics, and so that satellite got blown up when the Falcon 9 failed to launch and exploded. Um Marx said about that as I'm here in Africa, and my ivory tower in my palace in Africa and I have an African, beautiful woman. Fanning me with a palm leaf and feeding me grapes like Jabba the alright again on I'm, easily disappointed to hear that SpaceX launch failure destroyed our satellite. They would have provided connectivity to so many entrepreneurs and everyone else across the continent. Is that him so I'll? True, a sick and amazing that Facebook was going to launch a satellite over Africa to give them free internet yeah, but wait. It was actually just some [ __ ] scheme yeah. Those are the scheme. This is what a scheme was. It sounds like this: can would you seriously trust Facebook the altruistic company to be an Internet free Internet to engine? It's so shady that India when they launched it over India banned it, they banned anyone from accessing it because they called it essentially digital colonialism. It was a data mining scheme disguised as humanitarian aid with bloated for targeted companies apps and get this. It was like you just connect to it, and then you can use the internet. You have to use it using only a Facebook app, of course, and then the the data in India was that apparently, almost nobody was connecting to it for the first time with the Internet 90% of people are using we're just out of data and use it as access Facebook, [, __, ], [, __, ] I'm, going to save the world I'm here in Africa I was going to save this this flea-ridden country. Thank you. I will take another creep: [ __ ] [ __ ], whatever they caught. You know, I love that Indian bandit. They banned his ass, they know what's up and he has been doing good lately, actually I'm proud of India. Lately they also passed a bunch of legislation, legislation committing to going solar and yeah they're, very tough they're. Very they speak a lot about the global warming. It's good well they're, one of the biggest you know effects telling by it. You know not affect that yeah, but they're burning a lot of coal but they're developing country. It's hard anyway. That's yeah, that's a whole different thing, but anyway I just love that that Marx trying to make it seem like this guy just kill all the internet for Africa. So yeah, that's about it, and yesterday you had a little heart attack right when, when your phone beeped- and you got a Twitter notification- oh god, this was so fun. So I'm on my phone last night preparing for this podcast today and on Twitter. It says: Elon Musk followed you back, and this wasn't no fake, [, __ ] like it's, it was verified. Elon Musk at Elon, Musk, follow you back and I was like either way. She was nothing like yo, stop open, Twitter and man. I, don't know if I got goofed. If it was a bug. If he had like accidentally followed me, then unfollowed me broke my heart man. He didn't phone. Basically, you think that you know I'm. Just saying for the people, listening, no he's not so currently follow me yeah. What do you think happens because I'm, a hundred sure I saw you on, must follow you, but if you're sure that it said they followed, you back. It said that so I think maybe II follow you by mistake and then unfollowed, because you didn't know like it clicks on a stake. Somehow, oh man is person. Well he's pretty much. My probably my number one most is our guest. The guy is deep into everything, I care about he's at the heart of it, and let me tell you this about you on keys, fascinating, fascinating. Thank you dim anyway. That's pretty much what I have for today. I hope you guys enjoyed that now. It is time to bring in the news with Dan, let's take a short break and then we'll just hop on to the news with Dan to wrap up the show, so we'd be back in a quick two minutes. My friends stay tuned, welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast weekly top of the week. Our new episode I hope you guys are enjoying it. We're back with the news with dan dan. Why don't you take us off people who probably heard, but over the last 10 years or so there's been a lot of research into using magic mushrooms in therapy? You know it apparently has been proven that it can be effective at treating people with PTSD and depression and a multitude of other conditions, and everything and researchers have just discovered this breakthrough, where they can essentially synthesize the enzyme that makes you trip the [ __ ] out when you're taking mushrooms. So now it can be kind of put into medicine and done, and you know a more clinical way than eating nasty dirt mushrooms. So you don't you don't need to eat cow pies anymore, cow, pies, yeah right, but it will trip you out the same. If you take the medicine, that's what they're saying essentially, this is the this is the active ingredient so to speak in those cow, pies or mushrooms that grow on cow pies. That uh, that you know completely makes you trip the [, __, ] out and so yeah. Basically, you know a lot of very reputable research institutes have said that this legitimately is one of the best methods that they've ever seen when used in a clinical environment. They're, not saying everybody should take mushrooms behind you know if somebody, you know suffering depression or has severe PTSD in the right environment, with the therapists there with you kind of babysitting your trip, you can kind of talk through it and by the time you come out of the experience, you're actually feeling much better and they they say in the article I think they said they found it to be effective up to about six months. Well right, so you guys get a great one. Every six months or something like that and you're good yep. You just go in and drip all tri-annual I mean answer. The doctor I've heard that before I've heard they also do medical tests with MDMA without sweating good I'd like if it's ready to sign up sign up for that doctor I got a couple cow pies for you, it's really interesting. You know it's cool to see these drugs that have been previously such strong stigma around an actual medical professional being like what there's actually something we can do with this, especially if you live in the controlled yeah environment that, by the way, let me stress this, this isn't saying go out and take these drugs is going to make you feel there. That is not it's not! You have to do it in a controlled environment with the professional. That being said, if you go out to the forest and look for giant cow dumps, you may get lucky all right, cool, great, interesting story. What's up next, when we have up here next, we've got North Korea right, so you have to be living under a rock to not have heard of this. But you know this. This was a big deal in the last week and felt like something we should probably touch on. You know tensions with north yeah in this kind of rhetoric of Lego we're going to bomb. You has been going on forever right, like it's at the point where everybody just kind of rolls their eyes like sure the difference. This time is apparently North Korea has miniaturized their nuclear weapon. Small enough that in theory they could put this on a missile and hit the continental United States, especially relevant for us here, because they you know what caught my eye is. They keep mentioning. You know, Los Angeles, that's that's in range, so this feels a little different this time because of that they backed off WOM to threaten so an tensions have stabilized there, they're no longer threatening to bomb Guam dangle for Guam. At respect, it's easy to see that, like, oh, nothing was ever going to happen, but again, every time. Prior to this we could say: oh nothing's, going to happen because nothing can happen now. It can happen now. They they have the technology to nuke us [, __ ], it I'm going back to Israel in there just a identify left, Israel to beautiful Los Angeles. By the way when that was wrong. The [ __ ] did WOM, do good like battle we're gonna long long, big, WOM sort of like what the [ __ ]. We do mom's like a u.s. territory. They can't even vote they're, basically just slaves to America, yes, I'm gonna bomb, well, my guys when you're using the wall street journal' prince inside. Let me know someone point going like that out hawk. Oh, that's right! You guys portal ministry. There I just quickly get off that story right away! I'm kidding what else did you have anything else, dad uh? No, just that I don't want to get new I guess I mean that's the fair point. Death by nuke is kind of may not be the worst way to go. I mean you'll get anywhere you won't get over here. If you're, oh, my god, these ads um yeah. It really depends where you are, but I I'd look I mean getting vaporized quick-and-dirty right anyway. What else we got alright and then this one I want to say made me happy because that's kind of dark but the game hunter trampled to death by elephant in Nam media, no media! That's a country that I've heard of that's what I decided ignorant good luck! I shouldn't shoot him like relish in the fact that I've never heard of this country. This place on earth, nom, nom, nom, I, know Nam BIA is that nomming I'm a certain ambiance? What I thought it says, but I mean now that I'm looking at it alright there's a place out there called Nam, Joo 90s. Don't ever forget it so yeah this guy from Argentina went hunting elephants because that's still a thing, people do apparently oh yeah and uh. You know I'm not relishing in his death necessarily, but you gotta love the irony right. I mean and people that go out and do big-game hunting I'm relishing in it and how give a guy a just film, [, __ ], no looks like the elephant. [ __ ] him up. Look we all go out for that, because usually they're like from far away and they're, not even doing anything, it's just. They just pay someone to hunt for them, and then they take a picture with the dead anymore like they did something that yeah I mean. That may have been the case here, but they just [ __ ] up. But it's when you're on this big-game hunt right. The whole point is like miiverse to animal. That's the whole point and how how long side it is that game? How often does the human lose? Well guess what boys today the human loss, human law yeah it's under, even if you're like it's an underdog story. Everybody loves an underdog story. [ __ ] that guy he went out there shaking his dick trying to get his his [ __ ] nut off feel like a big man, killing a beautiful immaculate, majestic elephant. I, really don't get these people really don't get it yeah I did the whole thing is so weird they paid thousands of dollars and then the whole thing is it uptake. They go. They meet these people or locals, and the locals tell them exactly where the animals going to be. It's all organized them yeah! You you spend here, the animal will be there and that you just click this thing, and then you have a picture right. $20,000 qui. We tranquilized that animal. He subdued he all a on the ground. All you have to do is go to deliver the final blow, I masturbate with his blood. Yes, we do love. That does well can't even argue that it's, the thrill of you, know stalking through the brush, and you know tracking this animal for miles on end and taking it down or whatever I mean that's so [ __ ] up, but you can make an argument that that's like a you know, thrilling experience or something, but this is it I mean it's just handed to you on a silver platter. Just hey like, like you said you just pull the trigger. Just hey you get to kill this thing: I'm, not gonna, I'm, not denouncing all hunting like some is fine I'm talking specifically about this guy. So it's this rich people who pay like twenty thousand dollars to go shoot. Some really exotic I have like, like announcement, a like auction off the rights to kill one exotic government and the money goes to conservation quote-unquote, which means the local governments back pocket where you know and elephants are essentially non-human. Intelligent life elephants are one of the most intelligent creatures on earth. They recognize those Amir's, they have complex language and culture. You know it's an argument. In my opinion, an elephant killing Alvin is kind of murder. Same with, like a dolphin quote same with like a [ __ ] gorilla I mean it's kind, that you're murdering a nonhuman creature. I know there's not many non-human creatures. In my opinion, who are sentient on an ear level as us, but elephants are one of them. Certainly absolutely, but you know: there's invasive, there's overpopulation, there's deer and shed that's perfectly acceptable to go. Hunt yeah, but this [ __ ] is weird. Anyway, you got [ __ ] killed what happened trampled so he took a shot. He took a shot and he [ __, ], missed and elephant took him out pretty much said the hunter identified as a 48 year old Jose mandalas was killed on Saturday afternoon in a private wildlife area, 43 miles northwest of a small town and calc Feld. The dude worked for an oil company class act Wow. If I got charged well, they all died with another Argentinian and three Nam beings working and me me: wait wait whose work wait. What clarified the that's, how you say, I guess, I I, don't I, don't believe they all died was I was wildly so the elephant was like [ __ ], this guy in particular yeah- and this is a this kind of things- kind of to your point of how they're near sentient elephants that are kind of in these areas that this goes on, the ones that survive they they hold grudges essentially and there's even been stories of them. You know essentially attacking villages in what kind of activity a pseudo organized manner. Where they'll you know, they'll mess up and charge. You know in a wall of elephants and you know, mess without event and that's what humans would do right and it was kind of like the same in fjords with the Shamu and the killer whales. The few times the killer whales actually killed the the trainers right because it's like [ __ ], you Lavery, stop bossing me around and free me yeah, yeah mmm on some level, they understand, I, think yeah and killer whales are one of them too yeah. You know. Well, that's just my opinion folks and that we need like a slogan and that's the way it goes down. Well, that's our show. That's our Tuesday show hope you guys had fun. Let us know what you thought. We'd think we're gonna keep doing it every week, I like the balance here between having us doing our thing here and having a guest yeah Friday. It's a good balance to beat to be truthful with you, my dream, although it's far off now, is to do it every weekday, but that's a far. Oh, that's that's flat farmer. That is a fascinating fascinating, but for now it's a to date. I like that balance. For now we should call this a bit fascinating show. This is the fascination hour. I found it really fascinating the fascination hour, guys anyway, I hope you all had a good time or get a laugh, happy Wednesday. My dudes see you on Friday for Jay Paul and the key t8 reporter looking forward to that. Until then, my friends I shall be calling you with my thoughts and prayers and to everybody who has supported us graciously through Amazon, twitch, Prime I. Will think of you the next time I make love by my friend.