Hello, everybody, and thanks for coming, hey everybody, big friend out here today, free podcast, that's my announcer voice, hey everybody and someone's just your voice. No this! It's not that different, Happy Thanksgiving! So thankful for you all joining us here today. You know we pulled into the parking lot and there was nobody there and I was like holy [ __ ]. It was difficult, I'm telling you. It was difficult to come in today. I had a big-ass meal, I could barely move, but we did it. We came in. We did it. So thank so god bless. Today's episode is sponsored by post mates, Dollar, Shave, Club and Vince arrow. How was all of your Thanksgiving? How was your Thanksgiving you? It was nice. Luckily, you made I, don't food yeah, so I enjoyed some food but I. Don't like the Thanksgiving food. You know what can I make a confession: I, don't like Turkey, it's the most boring yeah meat imaginable! Mmm, it's gaming! It's dry! Usually it's just it's not there! It's just! No! It's not a word of the bird with the cranberry cranberry. What what I know? There's people at home who were like, oh yeah, I, know it's a very polarizing dish: yeah I, don't like stuffing I, don't like cranberry I, don't like Turkey, but I took Thanksgiving it to my own hands, because I said you know what I'm gonna make a pot roast and I like to call these Ethan's heavenly potatoes. True, because I want to make sure you look could eat and what Ethan's heavenly mashed potatoes look and I'll. Let me tell you: okay, I'll tell you what's in it, but that doesn't do you any good cuz, it's all about the technique. When people see what's in it, they can't believe that it's gonna taste good well sure, and you should be. You should be horrified about what I put in it, but that's the secret to every good restaurants cook. You know what I mean is that's why I food at restaurants tastes so unbelievably good! It's because if you actually went back there in the kitchen, you would never have the balls to cook food the way they do like you know, putting a whole stick of butter and for like two eggs, scrambled eggs. You're like oh these scrambled eggs are amazing. I never had my eggs. Never taste like this before there's a whole stick of butter. So what I do is I put a whole stick of butter and a whole block of cream cheese for every four potatoes. So yesterday was - yeah. There was eight potatoes. Two whole sticks of butter and two whole blocks of cream cheese and I, hear Danny freaking out in the back, but I'm telling that sounds mom. It is bomb Dan, but you know it. No, it doesn't it tastes airy, it tastes light it tastes incredible. You can eat hamp, mouthfuls and mouthfuls, and little do you know that every bite has probably 200 calories. I love that mashed potatoes, the best dish ever like potatoes by themselves are already pretty unhealthy. But then you like or like heavy heavy, let's say, yeah there's just nothing really good in it. I guess, but it's not I know no I'm, not a nutritionist I'm, not even gonna claim that I don't make claims on this podcast anymore, yeah, I, don't what's funny I, don't even know that my name is Ethan. I cannot confirm or deny that my name is Ethan. Allegedly allegedly my name is Ethan and it was Thanksgiving yesterday. Don't hold me to that, though incoming exposed videos about my name not be anyway. These potatoes are incredible or a hit. I got this pressure cooker instant pot. Have you guys heard of this whole crazy night I had two massive pot roast I put in there for two hours, mmm I gotta tell you nobody cared about the turkey I had a pity bite just so. My sister didn't feel bad. Your sister cooked all day that turkey I know and that's what I'm saying you came in two hours, I pop it in I, set it and forget it and all of a sudden, it's smashed potato heaven, I I care, so much about smashed potatoes, smash, mashed potatoes and it's so important that they be right. You know I don't all day but at any rate, I hope you dan, how was your Thanksgiving? It was great. It was really nice actually saw a bunch of extended family I haven't seen in years. So that's cool and nice good food you're vegetarian were they able to accommodate you. They did accommodate. It was very nice of them. The the wife of my uncle I guess my aunt in-law. If that's the thing she's a vegetarian too, so she hooked it up. So thank you to that show what Harold? What are the vegetarian eat on Thanksgiving? Well, I mean most of the sides are vegetarian and they they made sure the like the stuffing. You know, usually the stuffing isn't vegetarian, but they made vegetarian stuffing, and you know the cranberries and I know you I know how you feel about the Christmas and in and Zach everyone had a good time. Everyone's happy everyone's satisfied. I hope I mean I'm, not a big fan of Turkey either, but who is no I mean some people like it? We're also not fans of the pies. So there was a bunch of pumpkin pie and I. Don't I, can you know I, don't want to offend too many people here. I know I'm gonna start a whole new wave of, but I don't like pumpkin pie, but we ate, and he made a chocolate pie. Thank God for that. Well, at any rate, listen um! But enough of that I'm glad everyone had a Happy, Thanksgiving and I'm glad you're. Here, Black Friday, as you all know, let's get to the real business which is today right, Jay's, Black, Friday, oh yeah, good I, gotta appreciate this, like it's so amazing how the sandwich and then like. First of all, you got this beautiful, thick ass and then even the hand in the top right. It's just incredible. I actually had an awkward moment with this, because I was looking at my phone at Thanksgiving, and so you tweet this and I started laughing my ass off in my famiiy deity, my family. What are you laughing at? What are you looking at like I was like I? Don't really want to show you this. Do you consider my boss? There you go. You consider this open-faced sandwich, not-safe-for-work Dan yeah! That's why I was like to be honest. It's a little lewd but I have to be that might have to be switched and I'll say forward very gross to you naked, except my balls, dripped down at the bottom of that toast James Baldwin you're, your legend dude. You can see why illa likes me. So today's Black Friday and there's a tradition in America to stomp the face of every grandma in the way of your new ps4, but I have to say this year we had a mellow a mellow year, I didn't see any fights, I didn't see. Any babies thrown across Walmart I didn't see any ambulances picking up 90 year olds. Nothing like that I think the stores have finally gotten smart. It's more like that. All the videos are surfacing again. Yeah cause people are craving. Those yeah I noticed that yeah there's all these slick, guys on YouTube, just they re uploaded all the old [, __ ] and they say Thanksgiving, Black, Friday, fight, 2018 and disable all the comments and then every year, but there's no really juicy fresh fight, memes I think enough. People died and got trampled when I watch those old videos I'm like my god, how did they not they? You need to have order in your store, but what we did find was some friend. So what I've got here is a little segment called Black Friday around the world. Yes, here we go, I've got USA, Canada and Brazil. How do you think this will go? Let's start in the United States and see what Black Friday is like there. This one I couldn't tell if it was from this year, because there's so again, people are so started, pretty calm. Exactly excuse me, it heats up. Doesn't it look like a nightmare? It just blows my mind. Imagine waking up at 3:00 a.m. - I mean we tried once number, though we're gonna make it I mean this is your day off. This is Thanksgiving Day and you spend your day at 3:00 a.m. trying to save. So you can find most of the cells online. No yeah, you don't need okay, I, don't know some places. Do these crazy in-person deals, but it's like they're trying to start a riot yeah. You know yeah, you got it, we need to order Walmart, but we're supposed to play the theme song yeah. You got to hit me with that. Zach Zach, no, the Walmart theme song. Oh yeah, hey, throw it up now for audio listeners, there's just swords of people grabbing television and say: oh, it's nearly in a riot here of people jumping over escalators and grabbing television wonders I mean there. You have it there, you have it so that is black fright. You want to watch that. Do you on yeah not like we have anything better to do. We are. We are Walmart, yes, sir one with lyrics. Oh you serious and when you typed it I love that so I guess a manager at Walmart wanted to do a little hype, video for their people. They get excited for Black, Friday I! Think it was the day up. Yeah has the best this guy's employer this century. Nobody gets paid enough to do this now. [ __ ] kill myself [Music]. They just gave this. They just gave this guy 25 cent raise he's all state. Did he say you got blood on your wait? Why do you have blood on your face? Is that what Black Friday is for them? Oh you're gonna be a cashier someday whoa, really dream dream: big ela, you're gonna be a cashier someday yeah! You got blood on your face. You love this place really because those images seem contrary. You'll be a thing. We need the one with the lyrics you're right. We need this decoded. What's that one uh? What's that one YouTube channel that decodes lyrics genius, yeah genius, the one you need a genius on Walmart fight song analysis, you, you may be a cashier someday. If you play your cards right at Walmart, [Music], two more times give them a break. I think this guy's doing it slowly for himself be sure this constitutes bro unusual punishment, Constitution under the United States law. I love that great. So here you have it Black, Friday and America. God bless these wonderful country. Here we have Black Friday and Canada they're, getting a round of applause best five. It looks like congratulations on wasting your holiday. Well, they're, Canadians! Look how wonderful this is. It probably took coffee they're, just walking in super orderly and calm. Employees are lined up and putting around books, giving high-fives kind of a fog watch. What? If what a joy, what a drill? What a thrill you know does think when I was watching that it just takes one lunatic to start running and it sets off that chain reaction, cuz I, know well, I think if one person from the bottom started cutting and running a front, that's it full riot mode in America. You've got five of those from the beginning and nobody ever had a chance. Ok, but there you have it Black, Friday in Canada and now. Finally, as you all know, Brazil is, as a crime-ridden country, there's huge disparities of very rich and very poor lots of corruption. It's a rough place, so Black, Friday and Brazil, as you can imagine, is gonna, be one of the craziest things you ever see, and so I warn people with young children and who are sensitive to trigger warnings to divert their eyes from this very graphic scene. Black Friday in Brazil, but I, see you. They got the mascot, some girl with I, don't know bouillon yeah, yeah, so they're all the employees are lined up at the gate and they're about to start pounding it to get everyone outside super heightens. Here we go, they got a DJ by the sound of it. The pounding on the wall get ready, everybody completely empty. There's, not a single person outside. Not even one single person outside nobody's there. Incredible I wonder how they miscalculated that one yeah we're gonna get demonetized for sure. I find it fascinating that nobody peeked outside I love how they're pounding on the gate. There's got a DJ in the mascot. Not even one person got the memo, not even one person, so there you have it and Lou of anything interesting to talk about this Black Friday Black Friday around the world and on the topic of Thanksgiving. We are a very topical show if nothing else, Barney at the Thanksgiving Day Parade, nice, Macy's, Thanksgiving, Day Parade, excuse me thank you in 1997 was murdered. This is Elaine gunned down by the New York State Police, and we talked a lot here on the show about police brutality. Well, this is police brutality, the worst I've seen in a long long time. So this is more of a memorial for Barney. This is amazing. Actually, so it was really windy winter day and the Barney flow, just it just gets so out of hand. This video reminds me of Gulliver's traveled and little people laugh at him. Oh yeah, the Rope over them and they're trying to take them out. [Applause] I think this is probably the most go. Well, the people on the ground. Well, so Barney's floating everywhere, he's completely out of control and people on the ground are wrestling. It's almost like a dragon I feel like I'm, watching a mythological battle, I'm trying to like well of mythical beast you skip to where it gets real spicy. The crowd is a balloon, as they should be. The sooner you can see people all whoa. Why is that rope? The link everyone's dressed up at it's a bunch of young I thought they were a lady, but they're. Just up is like gnomes or something. What are you gonna? Hang it on picture even literally got people just as gnomes clinging on to ropes for dear life, I mean it's incredible, but this is the site of Santa's workshop that we have not seen before it. Just is Barney yeah Barney's, Barn, Barney's, molding, Barney people, I thought they were known Stan. Why can't they be gnomes? There could be no, oh and so I wonder if you would get me and then it splits a wide open under the gust of wind they fighting to quell the Beast you're like a five-year-old you love, Barney I mean the audience is losing their mind, because this is the most exciting thing they've ever seen in Thanksgiving Day Parade. You think you could get taken out if that thing just tumbled into the crowd, its massive, probably yes, sir, they fill those up with helium. Is that what they do to make them float? Yeah cuz is in helium like a precious resource. That's like a lot of helium that precious I've heard that it's a finite resource that cannot be replenished. So it's a good thing. We're using it for important things Barney this is when it gets really violent and again. I have to give a trigger warning here for people we're sensitive the violent content, because, as you're about to see the boys in black, the police are about to make a violent slaying of this innocent bystander. I mean what did Barney ever do except try to entertain the kids, and here he is being gunned down. Taken down in cold blood I mean he's just a brother trying to live his life. You know what I mean just trying to enjoy the parade gotta bring the dinosaur down humans, always keeping the dinosaur down. I mean God, there's no justice in this world. You know we need some human rights activist. Take a look at this foot. Yes, his body is splitting apart yeah if you're a Barney lover. This has got to be some traumatic footage. Yeah here come the police, guys so again sensitive warning here. Here they come at the foot they starting to stab him at the feet. Please, oh! This is a griddle I got to commend these brave officers honestly climb. On top of that, with a knife, it's pretty daunting, Oh crazy! Doesn't this remind you of Gulliver travels like it seriously feels like they're bringing down a dragon or some [ __ ], it's kind of mythical you're right yeah and on the day of November 22nd 1997, the dragon was slain. They decapitating him, look out there, but again and they're Gabba day to go where's Jesse, Ventura, brutal, brutal party yeah, so that was exciting. I had never seen that before kind of a thrill kind of a joy on this beautiful Thanksgiving Day, you know what do you know about Thanksgiving cuz, you are an immigrant to this country. You know nothing Turkey, oh you say thanks I, think, that's probably what most people know about it. You know we never said thanks at dinner. That's true! Should we do it now? No to be exciting. What am I thankful for? What am I truly thankful for? Well, clearly, you mmm clearly I'm thankful for you. Everything good in my life was a result of I'm thankful, for this is so what it's great to know, not good content. I have Black Friday deals day. You might be thankful for how he was trying to say way out of this. Okay. Let's do that so go ahead. You look put together segments for us, I mean how exciting is this? Oh [ __ ], it's 3:30! If we take a break or you want to do this segment, first, yeah, okay! So when we come back from our break ela a splits, their Black Friday deals that nobody wants and there's some hilarious stuff on here, like the Dollar Tree everything's $1.00. Today, only and so much more today on the h3 podcast Thanksgiving extravaganza uh. As usual, your stomach and the rest of your life are at war. You need to eat, but you can't stop what you're doing to deal with it and the only fast things that deliver are not what you want. I've had this problem all the time your favorite restaurant doesn't deliver. Well now they do with posts mates, yes, the app that adds a delivery option to your favorite restaurants. But that's not all you forgot eggs, milk, no problem, they'll go to the grocery store. You want that tasty burger from your favorite place, no problem! They'll go there even though they don't deliver you looking even for a bottle of wine or summer beer throw in a pack of smokes. If that's your thing, no problem, they will do anything for you and it's so freakin. Convenient I cannot endorse post mates enough and, as they say, is your new long-term munchies booty call. Although a parent item went in yeah, don't try anything on your driver. I, don't think that's what that means. I love posts, mates so much just give it a shot and you're gonna see how freaking incredible and convenient and mind-blowing this app is for limited time. Post mates is giving you $100 of free delivery credit, so you get to try it for the first 7 days, $100 free delivery, credit give it a shot. You got nothing to lose start your free deliveries, download the app today and use code. H3, that's code, h3 for $100, a free delivery credit for the next 7 days. Save the hassle, get the food. You love fast at post mates with code, h3 I love this app. Please try it out! Appreciate you! I love the Dollar Shave Club. Has everything I need to look, feel and smell, my very best? What I love the most is that I never have to go to the store. That's because Dollar Shave Club delivers everything. I need right to my dang door and to they keep me fully stocked and what I use so I, don't ever out here's how it works. Dollar, Shave Club has everything you need to get ready, no matter what you're getting ready for they got you covered head to toe for the hair, your skin, your face, you name, it they've got it and they have this new program where they automatically keep you stocked up on the products you use. You determine what you want and when you want it, and it shows up right at your door from once a month to once every six months you decide that's what I love and let me tell you they got this new shampoo out. That is a beautiful perfectly balanced. It's got this beautiful smell. It keeps my hair, nice and lush. Unfortunately, I have no hair, but before when I did have hair that little poof mohawk in the middle was so lush and beautiful and smelled like a dream. Fortunately, it did not look good, so I had to axe it out, but the smell and the feel unbelievable, plus with their handsome discount the more you buy, the more you save so right now they got a bunch of starter sets. You can try for just five dollars there. You find that deal in the grocery store, like their shower starter set, which includes the shampoo after that the restock box gets shipped regular sized products at regular price. So what are you waiting for? Get your starter set now for just five dollars at Dollar, Shave, Club com, /h 3, that's a Dollar, Shave, Club com, /h 3, guys get started today for just 5 dollars. If you are in the market for a watch. Now is the perfect time to head on over to Vince cero, because they're having an epic pre, Black Friday sale, that's right, the biggest site-wide sale of the year, my dudes, the holiday can be stressful enough without having to worry about breaking the bank. Ben Sira watches is taking the hassle out of holiday shopping by having an epic pre Black Friday sale, no matter who you're shopping, for you can get them a luxury beautiful timepiece that they will love long after the holiday season is over as ELA is beautifully. Modeling for you here and the best part is you can get it early. Their mission is to create compelling luxury timepieces with impeccable craftsmanship, to inspire as many people as possible to elevate their game and, ultimately to lift her the legacy dude, my dude you're gonna, live a legacy with this watch holy smokes. We learned that luxury is a process, is not about specs. It's not about price. It's about marketing I! It's not about marketing items to be thrown around. It's a matter of attention to detail and a step-by-step process to craft every product, and especially it's about legacy. They're big on legacy, we wanted to offer a watch. It was able to stand out, get noticed and set yourself apart and not conform and at an accessible price. Their watches have a distinct look, a quality feel this watch will get you noticed and that I mentioned legacy Oh able to provide the look and feel of bold luxury watches at ten times the price by selling directly to the consumer. So if you want to capitalize on this attack, Black Friday sale, best prices of the year head on over to Vince era, watches calm, slash, h3, sale or click the link in the description. It's happening right now and these offers will not. Last long, and let me let me be frank: your legacy won't last long either unless you get this watch. Thank you. Welcome back my black friday, dudes speaking of black friday ela, has put together a segment of Black Friday deals that nobody wants and nobody cares about. Neela I'm very excited. You know why don't we switch spots so I prefer a few control, though okay, no good. What do you think too? Close yeah, I, guess whoa. This is weird man Ethan. You might be interested, it's only lower price right now. What's the discount lower price of it's, the URL you have to select besides I. Think I can tell you it's about five dollars off. Well, that's thrilling! Oh yeah! So there you have it I like what the ABS are just kind of built into it sure yeah you need. This is called men. A waist trainer vest for weight. Oh it's for weight. Loss like you could wear it is this for instant weight lost well instantly gives you abs by just kind of faking weight, loss, high heel, print corset, body shaper. Oh, it's a body, shaper zipper, sauna tank top workout shirt, go up to images, whoa the fire. Alright! Well, that's actually got good review. It's caught. It's in the category of sauna suits talked about. You have to show that picture. It's a great reality versus expectation right, but wait is it. What is the purpose of it? Just just slim look slimmer! Oh he says no doubt about it. It makes me sweat more than usual. Well, that's because you have a super tight and allow you to exercise. Shame on vendor. One start well either way. This can be yours for five dollars off a thrilling, thrilling savings here today, I'm lying Friday, we're not hating here. That's right! You look not hating. Next is a horn. Horn, horn, incredible also very well reviewed, a well ways: the sale price this was featured on their Black Friday. So it's not even don't even save any money for this genuine oxhorn. Well, this was featured, maybe all right. Well, we go next one. What do we got? Tell me about it: Norsemen, 12-inch, authentic oxhorn, drinking, genuine leather mmm-hmm and with the stand, I guess it's on sale, but we don't know for how much so hurry while supplies last exactly he's exciting wish. We had some exciting music to play. Oh man now then wrap it up. Zack give us some thrilling music, cuz timing, whoa that thing probably gets so dirty, so quick, my greasy hands on that. Okay, we've got a Oh grim. Our wait is that world of warcraft. What is Oh grim are. Is that a world of warcraft reference? You guys oka Mar is the capital of the the Horde. So yes, oh so we have a World of Warcraft merch on sale today, I think it's spelled differently, though o remark, I, don't think that's wrong. You know what it's on sale today on this Black Friday, get it while supplies. Last, it's our it's our more Algrim our winter. Warm faux. Wool steering wheel cover with handbrake Oh. The handbrake cover comes so you can match. Yes, if you are wondering the carpet doesn't match the drapes, that's right! This could be dangerous. Yes, sir, you live as Overmars, always in constant threat of invasion. So is your safety in this car, but nice stuff, it's probably the best offer at the Dollar Tree. Everything is actually a dollar for once incredible sales, Black Friday, calm! That's right! Wait! Are you saying that stuff at the Dollar Tree isn't always a dollar? That's right, Dan, what it's a loophole, a gray area that somehow they managed to find that's right. Advertised well, I feel like inflation's got to the point where now they just think. If it's on $1 clean, like it, was 1 2 3, then they're like it's multiple of $1, but today only today the Dollar Tree is actually just $1. Folks, incredible savings. This deal went live one month ago. It says hurry while supplies last. What a thrill it is to save on this Black Friday and you don't CVS Black Friday, incredible savings, 99 cents, but hurry while supplies last, you have to were lined up at 3 a.m. to get these incredible patented Goong for 99 cents. Yes, indeed, last but not least, you need to upgrade your browser. The one item we all need: Wow, Garth, Brooks, the anthology live part 3 Wow part 3, is on sale today, only from 39 $30 to $17 the Impala ecology part 3, let's get physical while doing music I'm gonna discs is that it looks like five dancing. Kraske enough steel hive, yes, Garth Brooks I want to be cool. I want to be slick. That's right, head on over to Walmart /ip, slash, scarf - Brooks, dark anthology: - live - bar 7, 3 Ford, /, -, 2, 9, 6, 7, 5, 8, 9 5, while supplies last. That's it ok, [Laughter], [Applause], incredible I think we may have sold a couple: Garth broken thaller, G books, I'm buying right now. It's like stop life. Switching! It's just on the longshot he's buying all these anthologies. My resale. These ideal, like that. So here's a story that I absolutely love. Dude wants to legally change his age. Why does he want to legally change his age from 69 to 49, because it will help him get more dates on tinder, understandable at 69? 69! That's right! Here! We have it! Here's a video about it. As a legend man, you just trying to [ __ ] he's like dude. Nobody wants to [ __ ] a 69 year old, but my dick I got a 49 year old, dick my purse still 69. We can 69, but I'm 49 and I feel I suffer under my age because I'm much more younger than my 68. So when I ask for a mortgage, for example, they say it's impossible. If I go on tinder, you know then I get I, never thought about it that you can't get a mortgage at all age because you'll die before you can pay it off. Isn't that gnarly yeah, this guy he's 49, you know like did you want to mortgage your 69 ish I'll, give you five years tops the mortgage bankers like you, want a mortgage I'll, give you five thirty year for from 68 a 69. When the woman are there and when I'm on tinder, you know the then they say: okay, then you can lie for your age. You say: you're, 49, I, don't want to I. I want to be myself, so don't force me to lie, but when I am really 49 again, I will have a baby again. I will buy a new car again. I will paint my house again. I going outside and I invest my money again because now I'm old man, you know I have to save my money to give to my kids, so they can live. But if I have that age again, I've hope again I'm new again and there the whole future is there for me again all right, ironclad logic right there, so I wanted to say well. I know, there's been a lot of debate about changing genders and this kind of whole thing and that gender is a construct, the social construct and people changing sexes. All this you know we can debate about. We can debate about gender roles and that old things time, however, I think is indisputable at least right now. As far as we all know, time is a linear fact. I, don't think we're trapped time-traveling, yet he's like described himself as a young god. Yes, he did. You know he said a 69 year old he's a positivity guru. He says he does not feel his age and has started a battle to make himself legally twenty years younger on the grounds that he's being discriminated on dating apps doctors told him. His body was that of a 45 year old man and he described himself as a young god. Yes, the judge expressed skepticism but also noted that changing the sex on a birth certificate as a transgender people have the right to do that, which was once impossible is now allowed changed under people around the world have fought long battles, the right to change their birth certificates to match their gender identity, where this is permitted, the legal requirements vary and the Netherlands transgender people need a statement from an expert affirming that they have a permanent conviction that their gender does not match what is on their birth certificate and that they understand the repercussion of their decision. But again here you know, that's gender is a kind of abstract idea in a sense that it's not a physical. The idea here we're talking about age I mean we can't debate age right mmm, but apparently the judge is actually it's unlikely to happen, but the judge is like open-minded about it. I mean what what what is our world be when people decide their own age like a 13 year old or like a 18 or being like I'm 20 I am actually 21 an emotional age did what's right. Imagine I! You know. I, like he, oh, he almost just talks that if he was able to change his age to like 45 that he'd be like he's like my dick will work again, yeah and like say it will like magically like actually reverse his age. I can get a mortgage. My dick will work there. You have it. What do you think you that's a weird one? He looks pretty good for 69 I'll give him that yeah. Maybe he is a young God, but he should embrace hmm I, think his problems, yeah yeah dude, that's 20 years and once you're, that old every decade is like hit you harder than the last I think he's just like I, don't want to [ __ ] I, don't want to [ __ ] 69 year olds, he's looking on tinners. All these old ladies he's, like I, want to [ __ ] these hot-ass 49 year old, mm-hmm, he's 4. Have you seen these 49 year olds, they're bangin, they're hot? As hell, my dick will work like it only changed my age. You think he really believes it or is he? Is he full of [ __ ]? Well, you had mentioned Dan that it was some it's hard to say all the articles I've read it seemed to take it very seriously, but you said that you had read some that's some kind of protest. Yeah I thought I had seen somewhere that he's he's trying to yeah I mean like you, you brought up the whole gender issue. Thing I think he maybe is trying to make a point about that. But yeah I mean, like you said, I mean. Obviously it's pretty [ __ ] a different yeah. You know I see people always trying to make this play. Are you really gonna compare that to a gender issue? Well, one is like measurably wrong, like okay, you're, but people say oh you're, born with the dick. That makes you man, but still you can identify more as a female and so there's a debate to be had and some empathy and understanding and you can't physically change your sex. You can remove your penis and surgically implant of Aegina and you can assume the identity of a female and you can be born with certain genitalia, but it's kind of like in the middle. What do you? What do you mean like a pin? You can be both like I inverted you. There are some people that are born with both correct me. If I'm wrong, then, but wasn't Jamie Lee Curtis born with both a vagina and a penis. What I swear I swear? Look it up, I'll! Look it up! Jamie Lee Curtis super famous. She was like a babe. She was like one of the hottest babes in the 90s. Let me make sure I'm saying her name right, yeah, that's her I think she was born with a with both a penis and a vagina that appears to just be an urban legend. Are you kidding me idiot, look again double-check that well, I I just went to Snopes there they're faulting it just flat out so that we fat check that yeah I. Evidently there's a reason. You thought that, though cuz this is like a thing yeah, but no that's lust! Uh. This is not true, I had never. Why would people think that about it, but it's that a real thing then, because now I'm questioning, if that's even oh, well, yeah what what ELA was just describing absolutely is the thing. Sometimes you know when a baby is born. It's it's sort of ambiguous and it's sort of doctor, just kind of makes a call. So that is very. What does it mean a doctor just makes a call can happen. Wait! No! No! No! No I got understand this. The doctor makes a call, so is he doing something to the baby, or is he just writing male or female, on the birth certificate? Is that the latter yeah, and so what? If the baby has a penis and he's written down as female I I mean I, don't know the specifics of it, but I do know that this is I mean this. Obviously this is not super common. This is wait. I'm just really actually curious about the medic. Can you guys look into that yeah, no I'm curious. Let's look into that! We're so sidetracked, but now I'm just fascinated so baby can be born with like either and they cannot and the doctor can't tell the genitalia intersexuality occurs whenever human being has both male and female physical characteristics contrary to the meats, and they do not have two sets of genitals mmm. They often have ambiguous genital structures, not readily identifiable was clitoris or penis, or you know so it's somewhere in the middle. Why? But that means that they have like a like a vaginal like they have a vagina like an entrance and like a little penis -. Does that mean they could actually [ __ ] themselves? I, don't know just I know, I know you're just curious, but yeah I'm asking what people are thinking or words. We should have knowledge, I'm, just I'm still reading I, don't wanna I. Don't wanna may still present this at all. Okay, but anyway. Well, regardless of regardless Jamie Lee Curtis is not. We have definitely cleared that one up so damn, but it can be like [Music]. Well, at any rate, it says that you can go and like people can go on long periods of their lives without knowing that there were intersex what and then they like grow out of it. No just I think just when you're a kid I mean you're, not literally seeing other people, you don't know that you're different I'm curious to see what that looks, like obviously, I can't show that yeah no, but I am cured. That is why are you seeing pictures, no I'm just trying to read about it, but that's why the gender issues well, even with no, regardless of that, it's such a stupid. Well, people have been making these arguments for so long people have been saying it about homosexuality. First, they say: oh, if two dudes can [ __ ] each other or marry each other, then what then one can we start? Marrying animals yeah, that's and bla, it's it's just so weak, it's so lame like and first of all, animals cannot consent. Mmm-Hmm! You know people, people always ask me, can vegans take a can they can you come in a vegans mouth. People are always asking you that people always ask me that, but I would say yes, you can come in a vegans mouth and I'll. Tell you why, because a human can consent to give you their semen and I assure you that it will be given with much pleasure if my experience is any indication of that, but animals cannot consent to give you their. We might write down and I'm, representing this rate, you're a vegetarian. Well yeah. Animals cannot consent to allowing you to kill them all right. Guess, you're talking more about like dairy or eggs, or something like this yes correct. So so semen is vegan. If you have the consent of the person, did you send me a link? You want me to read this so back to that previous thing. I just want to correct that it could look like a male or female genitalia doesn't look weird necessarily, but you're homeless could be oh, like you could have the other hormones or something that's the only during puberty, interesting you'll feel different. There's a lot of degrees. My screen I'm looking up inner inner sex genitals, damn okay in, but they said that it happened. Actually, a lot more than people realize one in 100 people in the US right, I didn't want that's what I had heard. - I didn't want to say it just off the top my head and be wrong, but yeah. It's it's much more common than here's a picture of uh I've typed in ER, six genitals and here's a picture. Jamie Lee, Curtis, [Laughter] they're, definitely appeared I, guess that was an urban legend that existed because many articles came up about it when I googled it so I, don't know had never heard that before it's just I heard that, like as like a fact, yeah false false, let's see here, yes, is she she's a she? But regardless I find that that argument very listen, homosexuals, transsexuals, they're people, I just don't understand the whole. This whole campaign of like trying to. Why are? Why are you even trying to contradict them? Just let them live their live like you know what I mean I mean. Obviously, some of them are pretty aggressive and annoying, but if someone's just like hey I'm, transgender I, don't see that being an argument, you know, but again, if this guy is doing it as a protest, I think it's very, very, very weak, because time is measured. My dude, you have been on this earth for 69 years right and unless I missed a memo, we do not have time trouble yet and so time as I know, it is not yet in dispute. Sexuality, however, is somewhat of an abstract concept. I know that there are male and female genitals, so there is that concreteness of biological sex, but I guess what the trans people got is gender, which is which is different and and and like we just said, I mean even the even the biological aspect isn't always known greater I mean it definitely is a completely different beast. So if he is trying to do this to make a point, it's it's a pretty weak argument. It's a weak argument and also it's I mean dude, just just [ __ ], those old. Ladies, do you like Kyle Kyle, the people champ now the cougar champs got no problem, man he gets and he takes it for all of us. He's a young man and you're trying to lie on tinder about your age. So you can [ __ ] some 49 year old, cute little cuties young cuties mm-hmm, it's [, __ ] up man, it's [, __ ] up, it's just not right! There you have it HT, podcast, spring knowledge mm-hmm. This is a wild story, so this American missionary who's trying to spread. The word of God goes to a there's, an island in in India that is blocked off from all u of humanity, and this tribe has lived there in isolation for fifty five thousand years. Some people estimate and the Indian government protects this island because well, first of all, I think there's something beautiful about. They don't want any. They don't wash in yeah and and I. Think there's something beautiful about conserving that and just letting them live in peace. There's been people who have attempted to go there and they've always reacted violently. As I guess, I was reading an article that the British went to the island early during their colonial days and, like decimated the population of the island, and since then their original numbers have been decimated and now they're, still just a small fraction of what the original population was and they're very guarded justifiably from outsiders, and so this American missionary goes to India. We pulled this article. He writes that he's going there for tourism, but his real purpose is that he wants to spread the message of Jesus against the law. Preventing India prohibits, prohibits visitors and well. He was killed by the natives yeah whoops here. Let's see here, John is said to have died in a hail of arrows as he set foot on North Sentinel, Sentinel island part of the Indian controlled islands in the Bay of Bengal people who live there are one of the few tribes completely cut off from the rest of the world and have previously fired at outsiders. The media here is really incredible. These people are fascinating. Like here's someone off the coast, here's the tribe yeah like when they see people off the coast. They stand guard on the beach they're [ __ ]. It's amazing what a trip! It's like! Really uh! Here's the island right here. It's a really beautiful little cut of land, which is incredible. Fifty-Five thousand years they've been there. Indian police, confirmed the death and said local electronic engineers. Simply his name was Alexander. He had locals and five fishermen took him out to the island illegally. He hired fishing guys to get close and he kayaks to the island from the boat. Here's some more footage of them, and this was like a known thing that they were hostile. Oh yes, prohibited by the Indian government they're my own hot there. Well, the fishermen knew that too and actually they're under arrest. Now, oh wow, oh right because they broke the law taking him there. He was attacked by arrows, but continued walking. I'm, not the fisherman saw the tribals trying to rope. Oh, my god. The fisherman saw the tribals tying a rope around his neck and dragging his body. They were scared and fled, but returned next morning to find his body on the seashore [ __ ], crazy. The people are banned from getting within three miles of the island, the island, with an estimated population of between 40 and 200 Wow. That's not a lot mm-hmm. Apparently there used to be thousands of them and said to be at risk of death if they have contact with outsiders, because they have no immunity to common diseases like flu and measles. So this guy out there trying to give them God trying to give him a little taste of Jesus could actually end up, decimate wiping them out. The final I mean I'm, not happy. The guy died, but it's like yeah. You got, you got what well, you know. I mean the guy went looking for Jesus and he found him I [Music], don't hey I'm thinking all he may have taken the whole visions. What he's like hey? He sees him in the afterlife. Like hey, I saved you all. We made it. We made it you guys on the evening of 14 November. The group of six pretending to be fishing evaded the patrolling police, Coast, Guard and navy ships reaching the island at midnight before mr.chu kayak to the island. In the morning police said the fisherman agreed a time and place to meet each other near the island. On the morning of 17th November, they saw a dead person being buried at the shore which, from the silhouette of the body, clothing and circumstance, appeared to be the body of John Allen chew. This is an iconic photograph taken from a helicopter after the 2004 tsunami, which apparently they somehow survived like this huge tsunami yeah. This guy is shooting a bone arrow at a helicopter because they're just so unacquainted with the outside world I can't imagine what they would think. What would you even think? Yeah yeah be terrifying. Some gnarly bird, probably in a situation like this too I mean what what was the plan. I mean. How are you gonna? You can't just give them Bibles. They don't speak English to explore any. He could be the one guy that could have rich to them. I think so the thing about these missionaries. They believe that it comes from a good place, even though it's insane as they think that the best thing you can do for another person is give them Christianity, because they'll die in internal torment if she's trying to save their soul right so to him. He's like this is like I'm gonna save these guys from and from eternal torment. They never even got the word of Jesus Christ. So how are they supposed to get saved? And so he goes out there with the purest of intentions, but I mean I will say for him at least he didn't [, __ ] a kid. So there is some thing nice to say about him. After all, it's a pretty wild story, though going alone - I mean he. Clearly he knew what he was getting stuff into, because he hired a black yeah, a black market, uh illegal fishermen to ride his ass there in kayak and of corn, where I read there was hails of arrows coming at him. He continued to walk with Bible on hand. Did it say that it yeah it's it huh? You want me to go back. I'll read that [ __ ] I'll read the hell out of that [ __ ] again, Mel Gibson can make a movie about this guy and in the movie the natives are Jews. Of course, here it says uh he was attacked by arrows, but continued walking. The fisherman said pressing forward yeah a little Braveheart moment. So there you have it pretty wild man, Z American he's American. Yes, what do you think about that? I mean yeah? It says John loved people and he loved Jesus. He was willing to give his life to share Jesus with the people and North Sentinel island ever since high school John wanted to go to that Island to share Jesus with distinct indigenous people or since high school. There's like a long term project yeah I mean it's again, I know there's kind of terrible to say, but it's really hard to sympathize with this guy. It's like you knew you knew exactly what you were getting yourself into. You know interesting story at what point it's like. You can go to church and all that. But at what point at what point does religion become insane like? You? Can believe in, but his defining characteristic is that he loved the God and that his whole life was to go it's. It seems like a suicide. They are a little bit. Yeah mm-hmm he's a martyr right. It wasn't more! Hmm, you know, God loves martyrs, so there you have it like. You said, though, I mean the point where it it drips into yeah. It's just [ __ ] up is the there is the high likelihood that you're gonna infect all these people with measles or smallpox or something well, that's wipe them out. It's like that's a nice kind of you're kind of you kind of [ __ ] up at that ball. Hmm well he's like my only I just wanted to get them a Bible. Now, if they all die, it's okay, right, they're, safe I, don't think so. Dude they're, all safe! Now, I, don't know little bit of arrogance a little bit, but I feel bad for the guy. I wish him all the best in the afterlife I hope he is received well by God and that he says you did my work and you saved those savages. You know I mean my god: they've got bows and arrows, they need Bibles and we need to get them job so that they can pay their 15% Tiff's teeth. How do you say that, when this high tithe, we need to get those savages paying tithe right now, because you know that God don't run on faith. You run on money all right. What's next? Well, we got a lot of lot of windows open. You know, speaking of stories that I don't know how to feel about it. - there was another one: 95 year old, Nazi deported to Germany and I found this such a fascinating story because on one hand he had not seeing which we all hate, but he's like this 95 year, old guy who's being deported to Germany he's lived here for 70 years. He's 95 here is in the u.s. yeah in the United States huh, 1949 and Germany doesn't want him either they're like he's not a city, we don't [ __ ], want this Nazi, but he's so old and frail. Well, let me watch the video over night of a New York man. Officials are calling the last surviving, not they've, got him rolling a great jacket, wonder what the hell it could take out a he could guess a Jew at any minute, 1949 in his past as an armed guard and oh thank you. He was stripped of his citizenship years ago, but he remained here in the US that is until now. Mary is here with the story Tara good morning good morning, Polly Polly has been living in the shadows. For decades am an authority say. Is the last known, surviving Nazi collaborator on US soil until now, living in Queens, New York his presence. They are bringing on years of outrage from the surrounding community, but this morning he's been deported to Germany at the direct order of President Tremblay ABC News was there exclusively as ice agents wheeled and 95 died? Wait, that's it the German. What you can't get even get on a plane at 95 I mean that guy is gonna knock last long. Well, Germany doesn't know what to do with him either, but I get the premises that he's a Nazi and he doesn't even the guy deserves no dignity or comfort or anything right. That's I guess the premise they sent ice out there for Christ's sake to wrap him up and throw him in a airplane. Well, here, listen to Justin Bieber! Sir, do you have any comment? Do you have any comment on Ariana Grande's breakup with Pete Pete Davidson? So are you a Nazi sir? Have you heard thank you next, you have any comment, sir Jerry Seinfeld. Is them one of the most rich Jews? Have you seen his stand-up? Are you fan of Jerry Seinfeld, sir? Can I get a? Can I get a remark. He's uh looks like he's dead, sir sir, are you fan of Seinfeld or Larry David? Have you seen Seinfeld the show, sir loved it I mean it's obviously a theater. It's like a show because nothing's really at stake here. Mmm, it's just yeah. It's just state man. It's a theatrical! It's fair! It's very much just for show! Well what'd! You learn later in the stories that he was just a guard. I, don't know what his involvement was necessarily and and and the execution of of people during the Holocaust who use a guard at one of the death camps, though right yes, he was, and he oh yeah well here. The story continues to explain, but the real question is: what does he think about the full house remake, finally being deported for his alleged role as an armed guard at a Nazi death camp bowling decades after his alleged involvement, Justice Department investigators say poster: have you seen b-movie any regrets, that's complicit in the deaths of thousands of Jews during World War, two authorities say: poly lied to immigration officials when he first entered the u.s. in 1949 and it wasn't until 2003 that he was exposed as an alleged war, criminal and stripped of his US citizenship. Anything you'd like to say, sir anything, the lead investigators. Think, sir, have you seen Frazier? Do you know that phrase is run by Jews? Do you have any remark? This footage is so weird carrying him like that I'm confused about the straitjacket situation yeah this trade, you all, they see a clear and imminent threat in 2004. What do you think about Krusty? Being a juicer? Have you seen the Simpsons Krusty was a Jew in the Simpson yeah. His dad was a rabbi I'm in deep I got Simpsons lore four days during a single nightmarish day in November 1943, all of the more than 6,000 prisoners of the Nazi camp that yakky Polly had guarded were systematically butchered a judge, ordered him deported in 2005, but no country would take him for years. Protesters gathered outside his home in Queens, demanding action, members of Congress imploring President Trump. To finish what was started to send a message: the entire world that the United States stands firmly against anti-semitism, bigotry and hatred. The deportation, drawing rare praise for Trump from top Democrats he's a war criminal. He didn't deserve to live in the United States. He doesn't deserve to die in the United States place of freedom, inequality where we respect each other's difference, sources tell ABC News. The president became fixated on the case or during his new ambassador to Germany Richard Grinnell, to make Polly's and deportation a top priority after being sworn in, it's unclear. What's next for him, he's being detained by the German government, but they're still evaluating his legal status, since they don't consider him to be a German citizen, so deported overnight future to be determined in Germany. Exactly how about that? That's a weird one! It's a weird one I mean he's a Nazi [ __ ] clearly, but he's also 95 years old. You know what would you do? I mean I, don't know how to feel about it. I'm, AB, ambivalent, I! Just don't see at this point. What's the point of doing this yeah, they should just throw him in a hole. I mean prison sounds like no just a hole sounds like since it took this long for them to report him and Germany doesn't want him either. He basically is probably just gonna spend the rest of his life in in a camp Roenick yeah. That is kind of a beautiful thing. Let's put him in a camp I'm, okay, with Rico, make him watch B movie for all of eternity. Jerry Seinfeld presents this speeds up every time it says B yeah. Let's hop on over to fan submissions guys, if you have submissions for us questions, videos, suggestions, anything at all. Please drop us a line at podcast at h3h3 productions comm. Today we have an email from Michi guys, big fan of the show. Oh, this is sorry I'm getting ahead of myself. You want to watch the CEO of Pappajohn. Now, let's give this fan finishes your boy Mitchie says I, think honestly ping and the sink is a superior method than using a urinal pros. You can save up to 5 litres of water because you don't have to flush. You can wash your hands while you're doing it. I, don't understand, don't don't you finish pain before you wash your hands? Otherwise, what's the point, none of this makes sense. Why are you washing our hands while you're paying that's you're, not done with the act? The sink doesn't. Have you ever thought about? You haven't thought about this, but I wash my hands before I pee, because I don't want to get my dick dirty mm-hmm right, except because the dick is kind of a holy. It's my temple, it's a it's a quarantine down there. The sink doesn't really get dirty because you are cleaning it up, while your pain literally impossible to miss. So you don't have to worry about cleaning up or even putting toilet seat up. Splash is something that I'm concerned about. This is not cleaning it up, but if you're peeing in a sink there's a little drops of urine all over the place, standing upright cons, you have to properly clean the sink once a week. That's disgusting! Bro once a week. If somebody walks in on you, you are gonna, get kicked out of their house. Well, I disagree with the premise of peeing in the sink, but I found a subreddit called sink pisser's Oh No, which is singularly as a whole subculture, yeah. It's a whole community dedicated to the glory of ping in a sink and from the sidebar. It says, don't ask yourself what the world needs ask yourself. What makes you come alive and go do that, because what the world needs is people who have come alive. He was talking about pissing in the sink. One pea is sterile. Two sinks are unsterile, three people spit in the sink every day and occasionally vomit there I, don't pee in my friends, seek I, don't pee in the kitchen sink I run the water, while I pee I, never [ __ ] in the sink. Well, that's a good thank God I, don't pee in the sink when there are urals nearby, I, don't pee in the tub unless I'm showering in it. If I notice that any pee has missed the drain, I wipe it down. Well, the the pee is sterile thing. That's I believe that's [, __ ]! I I know that gets repeated all you look that up, because I recently saw an article saying that P is not actually sterile way. He's gross okay, it's gross. We can all agree, although I've seen some porns, where the people don't think it's gross sure you can find everything urine is not stale, there's nail art stair, it could be stale I suppose, but it's not sterile. I keep the water running after I finish: peeing a peeing in the sink, although more readily accomplished by males, is not in any way limited to the male sex. Now here's one of the pulse that I looked at that really horrified me: okay, which goes against the tenets of Peaks. If this goes against the tenants of sink piers- and this is the fourth highest rated post on the subreddit, so a different kind of mile-high club, the dude is peeing in the sink and an airplane, the toilet right there. This has got to be ironic like well. This is people for real I think it is for real Oh, although it's hard to save because the post under it says heavy breathing and it's picture of a sink - toilet gang owned. You see that one yeah imagine pissing. That's one sink pisser masterrace! What is this imagine ping, but you have to flush it. This meme was made by sink pee gang. Well, there you have it so I I think you should use a toilet. If you're asking me I think you should use a toilet, you know you may enjoy it and I'm I've peed in a sink before I'm. Not gonna lie, ok, I've done it, but I. Don't I've not asked why I think it was possibly that the where'd, you think I think it must have been first when I was a kid just out of curiosity, see if you could do it and then another time probably I, don't remember if it was with you ela or a different girlfriend, but we were both in the bathroom at a time and she was on the toilet and I peed in the sink they may have been with you. You remember something like that: yeah I think it was you. It was a long [ __ ] time ago, that must have been like so long ago. Now, boy like super drunk yeah I, think we were drunk I, think it was like a art gallery and we were drinking wine or some [ __ ]. But regardless we were drunk, but the point is that yeah we weren't thinking right. It's not like something we would do. No it's not Bailey and I can die, was I cleaned up, I didn't splash, but I. Also I'm, just saying a splash could happen. Splash does happen and all I'm saying is that we've live it to it brush. Next to the thing, there was no toothbrushes next to the sink, no I'm saying about this guy, oh yeah! Well, you know they say that there's poop particles found on most tooth brushing. Are you saying I'm telling you look it up? Damn the more fact-checking who particles found on most toothbrushes, but I think that life is complicated enough. You don't need to be peeing and sinks. Looking over your shoulder, try explaining that to a you know a new date or a family member. Are god forbid anyone I mean yeah. The the poop thing is verified. I think it looks like thank you who doesn't know their [ __ ] now read me an excerpt Anna, oh well, it says your toothbrush is home to plaque blood and even fecal matter. Yes, you're. Probably scrubbing poop particles all over your pearly whites. There was a study in 2012 this. The sink pisser is listening or like. So that's the problem right I say: don't pee in the sink for Christ's sake, man get your [ __ ], together, Chris Donahue, what up h3, fairly popular men's style, video made a video about youtubers with black hair styles and to no surprise Thank. You Ethan was one of the people he talked about here. We go buckle up, I'm ready to get pissed I mean that was love, but he looks like an elf ears. Are a little pointed it's true. It's like the hair. Everything he's got going on he's very hand, is very elf, handsome, elf chic style. It's a earrings too he's a little bit of a swashbuckler. You know pirates wore gold earrings to pay for their funeral. Is that real Dan? Can we fact check that I'm on it legend? Has it all the Pirates wore gold earrings so that if they died in combat the earring could be used to pay for their funeral? Is that fascinating, yeah? Well, I'm, a wealth of knowledge and Dana's fact-checking me as we speak meanwhile, but could be so much better. Is mr. Ethan Klein even has incredibly thick coarse, curly hair he's gone short, he's gone long he's gone through that I, absolutely love. These girls are hot dude Legolas, who wouldn't [ __ ] the show Legolas, it's not the blonde yeah. You know you [ __ ], the [ __ ], Legolas yeah. You would you know who Legolas is dating Katy Perry, oh really, yeah Wow, it's getting some [ __ ] premium! That's what I meant by elf. Now that I found out you like my content, giving it now the incredible thing about Ethan his hair is so crazy. Thick, it's crazy curly! One of the problems with thick like the ball. Miss hairstylist I would totally hire him to be my hair. Stylist hair. Is that if you don't understand it, if you don't nurture it and love it and get a hair stylist that understands how to cut it, they can be a disaster, but it could be better like this with the right product. That's got it. Okay, what's happening here. What happened here, Dan [, __ ], but certainly not least, the fourth popular. You would be better like this with the right prop. We see that dan. What is it, what the [ __ ] is that shot? It's just the screen got super small. Can you help me out here, good I'm, you think I think so, but how did could he miss that? What the hell YouTube help me out could be better like this with the right there. What is this mm-hmm? Are you seeing this Dan yeah I'm, seeing it I not just baked into his video and he just [ __ ] up I mean it's just so strange, but I've got some film here. You think I could pull that look off, yellow I think you could, but you wouldn't take some work that guy's got like wax in his hair. You know what I mean either I draw the line at wax mm-hmm, but that's hot hair I mean that hair is [, __ ], maybe it's just they can rock it I think it's just that he's very attractive and it looks like I look good on that. Guy look! I could have like pubic hair and look pretty good I want to [ __ ] this guy's. What I'm saying this hair come on dawg, there's no way in hell. I'm selling here like that I mean I'm, not doing that. He's got a fade and like a little pompadour, curl I mean dude. Imagine a chubby guy like me, who dresses in like elastic waist shorts, walking off the haircut like that curly luscious locks of amazing come on dude I am there's no way I'm styling my hair, like that? What do you think you look? No! No! You like my hair. The way it is yeah I like that we Herman yeah girl. Let's go jerk off in movie theater like this Ethan should go see a stylist who understands curly hair. He might need some type of relaxation treatment just to take a little bit of the curl out of the hair. It's gonna relax the curl a little bit more in terms of product. He could probably get away with the Pete and Pedro cream, which is a leave-in conditioner or the bean Pedro paste. If he's looking forward you're sure this guy's, this guy's embed Ramon, oh wow, calls it the question everything he says is Brandon he's in their pocket. You think it's a little bit of shine. Gentlemen, if you are not sure what well there you have it I think you should go for a man. Well, I'm gonna have to wait like a year before his long again. But when that happens, I'm gonna ask your boy for some Pete and Pedro mm-hmm. Whenever it was he so on this one comes from James hey, my name is James I'm from the UK and a level-10 vapor Dan will know what I mean my little sick. That's a hot! That's a high level. Is that good, oh yeah and my local shop I found what I swear is a budget hunk version of Ethan? Maybe it's just me: let's see the vape juice there. What happened here. He continues just thought. You should know what kind of taste like [ __ ]. There was a lineman on lime, flavor available to keep doing what you're doing and congrats on the baby. It definitely looks like a budget. It looks like animation, yeah answer me. Well, you know if you're gonna use my likeness for a babe flavor at least make a nice one. You know yeah, that's bogus that it's a terrible, flavor I, wonder what it sells for on Black Friday. If I can get this on discount, probably always on discount I'm gonna, try and track some down. I want smoky babe yeah, so there you have it. That is all we've got today. I hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend. I'll be a lot of great Thanksgiving thanks for joining us here today. Next Friday we've got bill words. Finally, coming in super excited to have him: oh yeah, Jack and Eric- is that the week after Dan I believe so the boys are back in town the week after that and I'm super excited to meet bill words I'm such a huge fan, we're all very and he's such a mysterious guy - he's just so creative, an interesting dude. So if you have questions or anything you'd like to ask him- or you want to tell me anything about him head on over to the subreddit- there's a thread there, where you can submit a lot of great questions in there already -. Thank you. Everybody! That's great thanks for participating that so make sure to tune in a week from today for Bill. Warts, meanwhile, have an awesome weekend and we love you and wish you all the very frickin best. Thanks for watching bye, [Music], [Music], [Music] [Music].