Welcome everybody to another episode of the H Street podcast live if you're on twitch. If you're on YouTube it's not live. This has been pre-recorded in previous day. If you want to watch your life to get on over to twitch.tv forward, slash is redirected. You can watch the live next time, but not this time, because it's a recording like a song and dance with the Cape yeah. That's funny! You should do that for next time. Today's episode is sponsored by quip, audible and MVM T movement. Thank you to them. Today's guest is the great and wonderful pioneer of YouTube, hardly Morenstein. That's got to be one of the most Jewish names. I've ever heard props to him. Harley Morenstein he's got he's like a he's like a Jewish warrior like when you like, he's a big guy and he's got like a big beard and and like because when you think about a Jew, you usually think about like. Like a guy who looks like me, you know like a doe a little boy but they're what had to be Jewish warriors cuz. You think back to the biblical stories of like King King George. What was the guy's name? That's a restaurant! What's this guy's name the old Jewish King, he was a warrior. The old King David yeah, so King David was apparently kicking ass back in the day. So you know that there's some warrior blood in the Jewish line. It's not a meat, but it isn't some and he happens to be a warrior. Jew is what I mean to say he seems really don't know: warrior vibe yeah, there's like like an Israel there's like a yeah. My name is Mort steed, but then there's like warriors in Israel. You have everything right. It's American, I! Guess it's really American like in Israel I, wasn't thinking what is the the Jewish stereotype like inside Israel? You have different stereotypes right right, right right here, I've learned, there's so much like more going on the American Jew is like oh I need to call the electrician to pull to put in this light bulb. What are the stereotypes in Israel? It's I, don't know, there's like really dumb ones, but it's more like, depending on like Ashkenazi or Safari. So you guys, who don't know Ashkenazi is European. Jew Sephardic is Middle. Eastern Jew like near Arabic, almost kind of like how you have here and I. Don't know, what's politically correct here by like how there's like, like black people, will have shut it down at times that black people shut it down. There's theory there some white people right. Sorry, white people have got their wall like this cuz, their asses be so high. That's one of my favorite ones from Eddie, Murphy, good, sorry, whatever. So what but I'm actually really curious about? What are the stereotypes about Sephardic and Ashkenazi? Jews I? Don't worry, all right are not as good with cooking or like they won't make enough. That's true! That's not a ton of food! There's! No such thing as like running out of food right and I skin eyes is like don't put like don't comment on many people. They're cheaper. Is that part of it because I feel, like that's real yeah? What else you got? Mmmmm that can't be the only one like it's interesting I. Think everybody's friend is the other night. Okay, but there's like a stereotype that there too so I love that even amongst the Jews in Israel there's one sect. That's really -, it's like all gays are cheap, but the Yemenites they're super cheap watch out for those guys. It's it's just it's it's fascinating to think that, like everybody, thinks about Jews in this way, but then, when you go to Israel when everyone's Jewish, you have all these sub stereotypes, it just kind of shows how stupid it all is. It is really dumb and like no one. Our age really talks about this stuff anymore. It's like all this stuff. Is there any other, interesting ones, because I think it's great well, what do you? What do people think about the the that the Sephardic Jews a lot of times they go together with, like the obviously minify time, explain what our skin is. Our seam is like a jersey, Shore's, a Jew. It's like a a what going on I got my pop collar forget about it. I just got herpes the other day. Forget I just do Lola rubbing alcohol I got my dick and another girl forget about it, eight, but on the muse Rock a and they dance, they said, I guarantee nobody's upset about making fun of our soon a okay. Anyway. That was a nice little any other stereotypes that we can talk about here. Any other people we can piss off. I am super excited about this weekend. We are going tomorrow, hopefully with with post to Coachella backstage, hopefully like we just before coming here. You asked if we want to come he's like I got tickets, for you guys the thing with post is that like whenever he invites you somewhere, you know you're gonna, be on a crazy, reckless, almost helpless journey because, like he'll get you there and because his life is so insane and he's playing tomorrow at Coachella yeah. So it's almost like I'll get you in, but beyond that you're in a war you you mean your own. It's like hey man, nice to see. I love you buddy thanks for all you're the best and then he goes out in there and then it's just mean yo, like you know, just like it's floating in space, it's exciting! It's fun! It's a thrill right! I'm really excited, never been to Coachella, no I, hope I, don't know what to expect what what what I imagine is that well, there's like I guess: there's two portions there's like the public area and then there's like the backstage yeah, the artist area. That'd be cool. I'm, gonna, harass, I'm gonna harass people like I'm gonna be that guy who's taking pictures with all the famous people who shouldn't be there. Yeah I mean hey: Drake, Drake, hey Ben, here's my let's play for tonight. Here's my here's. My card, I'm gonna bring cards. Here's my card. It just has my Twitter tag. Oh my god. It's a USB key! Oh wow data get him they never see and then on it is the spyware is blow over and it stalls the h3 app, which is unloads a virus to the whole network and then on Monday we're going with the whole clan. The h3 clan and the Teddy fresh clan there's eight of us to Disney delay it's a company event we're gonna, build memories that will Latin door beyond these more these mortal bonds, I guarantee I, don't know we're just it's gonna, be the best time nobody's ever gonna forget about it. We're going it's gonna, be adorable, we're gonna, all wear, matching outfits and shirt. We have to do the shirts yeah. So if you happen to be on Disney Land on Monday, and you see a big group of hooligans walking around and red beanies come say: hi it'll be fun. So there's a couple things I won't talk about before we bring Harley and end on that first things. First, the h3 live show that we had planned for the 26th. Yes, what Brad buried? We pulled the effing plug on that B and it was so I don't want to I, don't want to throw any blame around okay, but here's what happened? We were I, don't know how to say this without a lot of misunderstanding in the process of the prices on the tickets right so and and and somebody somebody put the tickets up without finalizing the details with us. First of all, we were misled about the price. Like we were told there was going to be $3 in services fees, so the ticket is 30 bucks, I kind of wanted to do them for 25, but then they threw it up for 30 without consulting so then I was like okay, fine, so 33 was what I thought would be the final price out the door. But what happened when ended up happening? Was there were so many fees so much taxes and it ended up going from 30 to 50 bucks. So two people coming into our live show would end up paying a hundred dollars to come. Watch us do the podcast. That was a good podcast. I wasn't comfortable with that. At all, I mean our last show at The. Improv was twenty two bucks and, like I, don't know if there was like a couple bucks service charge, but it wasn't, but that was it, it wasn't 50% of the ticket price and so one the tickets went up without us knowing and the price was cut a little higher than I wanted and then two we didn't realize that first, all the fees that came with it than what I after people complain to us: yeah. Okay, what the hell that was just three bucks I thought it would cost thirty three bucks plus tax, and so then I saw that there was these insane fees and I was just so pissed off and I yelled at them and I was like dude this. This isn't right. This isn't the way it's supposed to be so they go back to the venue and then the venue magically reduces the the convenience fee from 1050 down to like three bucks and then I was like. Okay, can you refund everyone who already bought tickets like well, I, don't know we're dealing with the AXS and there and I'm like dude, and it just said and I was just angry. I was like: why didn't you reduce the price from three dollars out the get-go like what what what the hell they says? Well, nobody asked us to I was like okay, the whole thing was just super sour and, and it just didn't, feel right anymore and we weren't sure if people were going to get refunded who bought before and after most of all, we really didn't that wasn't the price we wanted for this kind of show. It's made us uncomfortable that people would pay so much and and also a lot of people have to travel so right, you'd pay for traveling food drinks and and a hundred bucks for tickets. It's like twenty bucks for parking, no penalty, so we're just like you know what this isn't right: let's just let's just pull the plug on this, so everybody who bought tickets is getting a full refund, including all the convenience fees and everything and I know on Twitter. A couple of good were like well: I bought, plane tickets, and so I did genuinely feel bad about that. So what I offered on Twitter and if anybody's listening bought tickets in it airplane it emailed a net HTH reproductions calm, and we will help compensate you personally on on that. There is one funny anecdote the guy on twitter is like man I got by this. I bought plane tickets. I was like alright. Well, you know, will compensate you thinking that what how much is a domestic flight like $200? He sends me the receipt two first-class tickets, 1600 bucks- I was like bro, I don't even fly first-class I can't I can't I can't pay you $1600 bro, both some life choices you have to live with. We haven't fully looked into all the details yet because we want to just get everything. First, all the people that are to compensate and look into the details and makes decisions a bit we like when we opened that one ready what Dan cannula yeah so anyway, if you, if you got, if you bought a plane, send your your proof of purchase to Dan and well well. That will help you out how we can, but hey that's crazy that you fly here to see us. You know acknowledge how freaking crazy that is. Thank you, ma'am. What else I mean I wanted to talk? There's a couple of things. I wanted to talk about here for one this is kind of personal, but I feel like it's interesting. Alright, I, don't know how to broach this, but I feel like I want to talk about it. Okay, we've been chopped. Okay, we've been trying to get pregnant. We being me either's been sticking her dick right. My belly button I know it does good. When you say we, it's like well I'm trying to get a dealer pregnant when we say we try, but okay, whatever we're we've been trying to get pregnant, we don't really know how it works. Neela's been I've been rubbing, my dick all over HeLa we're not really sure the mechanics of how you Lisbon, we don't know how it works, so we've been trying, but so far another things work. This is not what I agreed to talk about. Okay, so we've been trying and getting you you think like by the population of the world that getting pregnant would be something easy. Was it like seven billion mouth-breathers in this world? It's taken up all the oxygen, you know and china they have like laws. They're like you, can only have one kid or we throw the second in the river everyone's scared about overpopulation. I can't even get a have a kid. How did we get to this point in history and evolution if it's this hard to get a kid like? We like you've, been on birth control for like two years and recently in the past couple months, you've been doing like ovulation tests, timing, it out and stuff wait. What are you saying I'm in off? Maybe that's the problem. No, we figured it out. You went all brokers or you doesn't go honk birth control. So we've been trying and trying it's so and it's so disappointed because you try it all month all month, guys no I, don't know. If I want to talk about this, we try all month and then it's it's just it's disappointed because ela gets her period and then you and then it's like you have to wait another month and it again it starts to get really stressful. At this point, when you're actually start trying, but but what's frustrates me is like what is going on with this planet, where everyone's just getting out kids, but apparently a lot of people have this problem a lot of our friends yeah, almost everyone that I know had really hard time. Can it happen right, I, don't know we had another friend who just had a kid like a year ago, they said they were trying like with tests like timing, it out and stuff for six months and I'm like where are all these people coming from when you're 18, if you just buy it's just like they make it sound like you just touched a guy and you're seriously and sex education, that's what it makes it sound like sperm can last for 30 days. So even if you have sex when she's on her period, thus warped this, the sperm can hide in her vagina for 30 days and get her pregnant when she ovulates it's like seriously. So my point, my lesson to you is: don't use protection god it was most likely you'll be fine. I'm just kidding protection is honestly to keep your dick from rotting off your body no and to prevent unwanted pregnancy. Let's not start some rumors. Now that were use a condom, I guarantee it's worth it so I, don't know, that's just something! That's that's I'm, just trying I'm trying to be more honest, right, I'm, trying to be more gentle I'm trying to talk about. What's, on my mind a little bit. This is something that we've been thinking a lot about and doing you know for a while. So let's talk about it, let's be real again: have a I'm trying to I'm trying, maybe I'm, maybe yeah- maybe we're doing something wrong. Maybe it's supposed to go somewhere else. No! Okay, I, don't know! You know. Einstein says that the definition of insanity is trying something over and over again and not getting resolved. Gotta. Stick it somewhere else. Yellow I don't mean like the but I was just making a joke. I just making joke I just wanted people to know that was an anal sex joke or anything all right. What else we got here you guys heard about all this I was gonna, make a joke about how I got in trouble got in trouble for the transphobic tweet and that's why the show was canceled but I didn't add a border I. Don't really want to talk about that. I! Think it's whatever there's a couple of videos: I want to watch, but maybe we can watch it with Harley cuz he's here. Mm-Hm cuz I've got that Count de aquila video and the st. Claire news clip that I wanted to watch. Maybe I should bring Harley him. Is that weird, though, did like do that and then talk to him? Maybe we should just watch it now. It's not weird! It's not we're nowhere. Alright, apparently it's not we're deal said: let's do with them. So let's go to a quick commercial break. We will be right back with ya boy. Harley we're gonna have a lot of fun. There's so much to discover, there's so much to learn in this life. It's gonna blow your mind. Don't go away! You guys hear that that's the sound of everybody's favorite, electric toothbrush, quip who's, also, incidentally, the sponsor of today's episode when it comes to your health. Brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day and qyp knows that they've combined, dentistry and design to make a better, stronger, slicker, more beautiful electric toothbrush. Here's the deal quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibration into a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost of a bulkier traditional electric toothbrush, I mean this is it. This is all it is, and that's all you need you ever see. One of these like. Oh, it's got a whole package. It's like a power tool. You have to like unholster it out of your belt. It's like give me a break. This is all you need guiding pulses, alert you when it's time to switch sides making brushing the right amount of time completely effortless I personally, a lot of people I brush for 30 minutes, because I'm neurotic, but a lot of people are like I, don't know how long I need a brush. That's the genius about quick it vibrates for thirty four three minutes: it tells you when to switch sides and- and you know, when you're done and when, when you've done enough, brushing that's when I use this I usually I'm about to stop before really ups, so like normally I guess, I would do two minutes. But then this makes me that's funny cuz, when it put when it tells me to stop I'm like I just started you're in the same by the way I thought I had a cavity and I have had one cavity in my life when I was like eight and the pain went away, I was like Eli. Have it yeah yeah, there's no way I think I have a cavity. He was like. Oh hell, yeah I can't wait for Ethan to go get up by the dentist and I was like nah, just not enough I'm happy to say thanks to equip by the way it comes with a mount that sucks right to the mirror right there dude. Also because that thing cleans, your mouth should also be clean. Wept subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist recommended schedule, delivering new brush heads every three months for just five dollars, including free shipping worldwide, which is just I, was free shipping worldwide who? What what kind of underground consortium is this? What kind of weird they took the time to make a little package for a little toothbrush refill it's a pod because they didn't it. Do you already have this quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals, including dentists, hygienists and dental students. Again, the dental students, don't I, don't I, wouldn't ask them for advice, they're students, they don't know anything they're students I'm not what am I supposed to take the endorsement of a student. Oh yeah, you should really use this toothbrush. What do you do? I'm, studying dentistry I'll talk to my dentist. Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's best inventions of the year, but guess who did quip find out why by getting want yourself? One of these amazing toothbrushes quip starts for just twenty-five bucks. If you go to get quip, comm /h through right now, you'll get your first refill pack for read with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at get quick, calm, slash, h3, spelled GE, t qu IP, doubt cop / h3. If you are not quipping yet, then you are quitting life I, don't know, but give it a shot because I genuinely love this product, I think you will too. So. Thank you very much squid for sponsoring us up. Next we've got everybody's most beloved audio book service audible for our audience, audible is offering a free audiobook with a 30-day free trial. If you want to listen, audible has got it just go to audible.com, slash h3 podcast or text h3 podcast, -, 500, -, 500, 500, 500 and browse their unmatched selection of audio content. Download a title free is start listening. It's that flippin easy. Whether you want to feel healthier, get motivated, learn something new or just relax and listen. Audible has got a book for that. Here's! What I recommend to you guys you've, probably seen the last Jedi. It's been a lot of people had a lot of opinions about this book. Okay, I personally thought it was okay. Does that mean yeah I thought it was? Okay? Is that okay, but he I loved it? Oh you loved it all right! Well, great! Today's guests loved it too Harley is apparently a super fan. I, don't know if we're talking. This is prerecorded, so I, don't know where we are on the farm. I, don't know where we are in the conversation, but maybe we're talking about right now. The last Jedi expanded edition by Jason Frye is an audio book that expands on the original story, because they cut a lot. They I just got to say a lot of the characters were undeveloped. A lot of the plotline were undeveloped. So in this story you got all the details, all the development. You really get a better sense of understanding of what was going on. So, if you didn't like it, you get to know what was going on. If you loved it, you get even more I highly recommend listening to the last Jedi expanded edition and it's gonna be a lot of fun. Here was what else you got speed control. You can listen to books faster or slower the narration. The speed suits your desires, that's really cool. What did they have them? Read it I, like five different speeds. Today's audio books about to you babe yeah, it's probably something where they like pitch shifted. It's AI, so guys get a free audiobook with a 30 day free trial at audible.com, slash, h3 or text a street podcast. All one word to 500 500, that's audible.com, slash, h3, podcast or text pod h3 podcast to 500 500, go listen to the last jet expanded edition for free. That link by the way is audible.com. Slash, h3 podcast, not h3, thanks audible.com, so I did about God mm-hmm versus I. Can't talk. You guys get the idea. It's audible.com, slash! H3 podcast, go listen to the book for free, the last Jedi, expanded edition, Thank, You, audible for supporting us and finally, we've got you know: um, you love them and VMT movement. These guys are the greatest right. They make the best watches in the game you gave me these are yours, but now they're making the best sunglasses in the game. Oh my God look at this dude. These actually look and feel amazing. Well, thank you man. They feel sturdy. They look great I feel like this is the best looking sunglasses, maybe I've ever worn. They really are yeah I've been trying to find a pair like this for a long time. These guys listen here, buddy. So here's the deal with sunglasses, you you you get a nice pair, it costs 200 bucks or more or more. My thing is: when I buy a nice pair of sunglasses I end up like not liking it after a week, I'm, like damn I, didn't know like these I. Don't know why that happens. That happens to me, but so on the other side, when you buy like a $30 pair, they just break and they're crap and they're built like like garbage. So here movement comes along. They say you know, what's flip it, how about we make quality trendy sunglasses at a fair price. These things aren't cheap plastic, they're acetate meeting it's more durable, it's not plastic. It's acetate. They specifically said to say that I don't know if that means anything to you, but apparently it does acetate. Look it up. They start at just 70 bucks, though these girthy meaty acetate polarized. These things are slick and they start at 70 bucks. If that's not a compromise of style, quality and price, then call me the pulp, because I'm not lying okay, so they got. They have a ton of styles to choose from they got everything got classic trendy round. Aviator mirrored polarized for him for her, for it you're sure to find the perfect fair. This pair is called the renegade because that's just kind of how I identify and wine is called Savage found. It see those the savage I knew it all along so guys, movements already revolutionized the watch industry. Now it's time to change the game for sunglasses, get 15% off today, with free shipping and free returns by going to MDM t.com, slash, h3, go to nvm t.com, slash, h3 and joined the flippin movement today. Get 15% off these excellent amazing sunglasses. Thank you so much to our sponsors, guys, let's get right back into it, shall we welcome back everybody? They see podcast. What up? We are back with Harley Morenstein I'm on the show I was May. I was joking before first of all, welcome I'm so happy to have you I'm, wonderful, yes, yep, I'm, so happy you're here, because, first of all, let me just say that it's a little surreal for me to be sitting here with you. I probably told you that, because we hung out a couple of times, but you were probably the first person that I watched on YouTube before I, even dreamed about having a YouTube channel I was at work and we would pass around epicMealTime videos like amongst each other in the office, and that was just you were like you know, was just like you were YouTube royalty I mean your YouTube royalty, and so it's really weird to have come to the point where I can sit at a table with you and do a podcast. That means a lot. That means a lot sometimes I, don't know if I'm like I'm, like I, look at the landscape of YouTube and I'm, like am I like Nick Cage of YouTube, where it's like yo this guy. Everyone knows this guy. Everyone loves this guy, this guy's, a legend he's been in there. Man he's been there. It's like, what's the last movie box office, how to feel okay? Okay, but you know what he's gonna get another chance we'll do another one he's been that solid right or I'm, like maybe I'm, like gene Simmons of YouTube. It's like this guy still here he looks like now. Oh my god, you're, not genes, man, you're different I'm, a 'king me toos between the two and they give and and who wouldn't want to be in a cage. No I want to be someone's gotta, be in a cage. Somebody like that's me, yeah I, feel like I'm, the Nick Cage guy. You know like I'm, like you got a job I'm on it right I'll. Do it come on the bacon guy will do it right, I think that was like a motto for a while cause. It's like you know: I'll just tell people that just so that I'm, not all about bacon I'll, take roles in other people's videos and they'd be like. Oh, that's awesome just come here and hold this bacon in yeah, so it's like everything, I'm doing yelling bacon. Well, the first thing I noticed about you when I see you is that the guy that I would used to watch back then looked a lot different from the guy. That's sitting in front of me right now, you're you're, you look good dude! You got you! You look good! You dress good! Thank you! You're killing it what's going on what happened? Well, here's so! Here's the secret I just watched myself, look worse and worse every single week, and it's weird to have that documented every week right where you just like see your progression or regression right and it's crazy cuz. It's kind of like this I feel like I've, been traveling a lot lately. So if you look I'm kind of like on the down, I feel terrible, but I got gel in my hair, so that counters everything you feel good with the gel I. Didn't interview the other day, like I legit, did an interview the other day and after the interviewer was like. Are you single female, a real life drawing you that much longer a live one was like. Are you saying that I was who says? Can you imagine being approached by a female like that I can't very unusual? That's the Nic Cage I pollicis, all I thought you must know that I was in the Ghost Rider movie, equivalent of YouTube, so, but you have a girlfriend so that yeah she's outside yeah brought her really entertaining shredder. Shredder is actually under the desk. So why you come on my show and liable? Why isn't he jumping in my face right now he has zero and ten. That's all I have like what tell me more about like your physical transformation, because I'm always someone who's unhappy with the way I look, even though I make it meme out of it. Doesn't I'm not like utterly depressed, but I, know I'd, be happier if I was more fit. Yeah you're like me in a way that I, at least of what I could imagine, is like how you know after I, just literally put up on my interest or a picture of your belly. Look at you looking down at the camera with your belly. There, oh great, like it's like you posted yourself as well. I remember I I I have these times where I'll sit down like to put on socks. Oh look at this sad boy. You know there's a lot of people who can relate to that right. Now, yeah and whoever's around them like yellow, might come, give there's a pinch, so I gotta want to some would come touch it they're like it's fine, it's not even that lying to me. You're lying did this ever happened to you. This was one of my I was fatter than I am now my most fat and I was like I gotta. Do something others I went to tuck tie my shoe and I couldn't breathe. That was my lowest point. Did that wrapping you well I, don't know if I can't breathe but like I couldn't to put on the socks kind of it would be like when I'm done, I'd be like right. Oh my god, there's like a parent wrapper there yeah yeah yeah there I had to hold my breath. I would literally take him deep breath. That's inouye year age for me, I had I had a moment where I was just looking in the mirror and I just had like an angle before I was getting in the shower, probably charging a phone at the same time and whatever and I just looked back and I was like like. Is that my eyes for my back? No, no or where does my back and my ass begin. I'm like what's happening and I was like just like that's my body as it gets like fully like people joke like potato, but like I was full-on potato ass, and that was just a moment. For me, I was like oh I should maybe change a bit mmm all I did was drop the carbs. They did the no carb thing Kate. Oh yeah, the keto diet. It was good, that's it I enjoyed it. Where he's well on the keto, no III got off it I. You know, I think it's not meant to be forever type thing huh, but a mere one of the guys that cooks on Epic Meal Time has been on it like non-stop, but he's just gone from, like disgusting slob to really trim guy and as before enough, their picture yeah, they're, wild and yeah. It was literally just for me. A big thing was drinking water, because if you drink water, then you stop snacking and oh, if you're, watching in your disgusting slob and I I'm, a disgusting slob but I transitioned back and forth between the two I I I would say drink and it's always sounds cliche and dumb and you're, like all you idiot, drink, more water seriously, I started drinking. If you aim to drink like six to eight litres of water a day. Don't even get me started on Coco khoka love that, but it makes it makes it it's it's like, even without breaking it down. It makes you want to eat more. The fate that like it makes you want to make sugar doesn't work no well. This is what I heard. Apparently we have triggers to sweetness and remember everything. I'm saying is nonsense, who the are my arms very one that ever should be commenting on that stuff, but what I think dead yeah inspire quote me on this. Is that when you have something sweet like diet, coke is super. Sweet coke, Zero super sweet. There are receptors in our body where it's like sweet means high-calorie it's a tree, so it's like Oh incoming, intense sweetness, crank up the metabolism. Let's go boys lots of sugar coming through. Oh no sugar, that's weird I thought there was gonna, be lots of sugar, I guess we're wrong, and then it creates these false alarms. So, the next time when you are eating something sweet or something that does have a lot of carbs in it, your body's, like I, is just joking: it's diet, coke, don't doesn't matter, and then you just get destroyed and I think that's right, yeah I feel I. Think that's true. I felt, like that's gonna, be right. The biggest thing, though, for me, was sleep because I'm, like I hate, sleeping I, love, staying up late, I'm always like I, don't need a sleep. It's just stupid, like you're, better off, you know trying to stay awake as hard as you can enjoy sleeping I, love sleeping when it happened, but trying to sleep. But now these days it's like once midnight rolls around I'm like oh now, no one's gonna with my I can start that video game, I wanted to start or I can go and I can work on something. That's like a side thing or I did. You know, sit sit there, just smoking watching like five hours of a cult on Netflix, whatever it is, I just value that Solo time I get there at night. So how did you make that sweat? You're saying you used to do that? And now you sleep well I go now I've been traveling, so I go back and forth all over time. I've had a terrible sleep last couple days, but I noticed that me aren't I my best. It's like a domino effect. It starts with water and then sleep and then I want to go to the gym, and then you just don't want to snack at that point mmm because you're already committed you don't want to do any sauce when you went from potato in the mirror, yeah I, don't know why I'm on my way back, you look good a potato in the mirror right now: yeah you're, not a hitter when they mirror my eye, which is the Jewish warrior, we're talking about how you fish for it before. But we said that you look like a warrior thing. There's two types of Jews in the world: there's like little like Al Oh like me, and then there's like Jewish warriors like during the king of David, like biblical but anyway, when you went from potato in the mirror to Jewish. Was it was it like a straight just like you were like I'm in I'm, going yeah, it's it's. If you really think about all the times, I look to myself when I was terrible. Like all those times culminate in many false starts right, there's so many times worse like now. It's the time doesn't fly and then something happens like wait tomorrow. My sight I know because that's good exactly yeah, but those false starts are important. They really are I really feel like you build on that leg like I, maybe got to a place where I felt comfortable, because I had all those false starts, leading up to it. That wouldn't have happened if I didn't feel one way. You know many times, you know cuz after the fifth time we're gonna be am I. Gonna say this is going down again or am I gonna lie to myself and man. How many times for me it was like 27 times I like doing to keep failing like that. No I think that's important for people listening to. Remember that it's okay to have those false starts because eventually you're gonna get to the point you won't be at yeah. Definitely well that's why I think it's happy what's happening. You know when you, when you do you guys ever catch for wasting food on Epic, Meal Time like I'm sure, that's probably the biggest criticism people say about the show. Yeah. There's lots of there's lots of criticisms. One that's consistent that comes up is: do you guys eat all this and it's like it's a multi-tiered question answer. There are times where we've food has been contaminated and we've thrown out an uncomfortable amount of food. Where we've been like Oh somebody we're like that's time. We do we're like that sucks. You know we're like visible otherwise, but it's just you know that sometimes other times we're like we're: five guys on camera and there's about eight people off camera. Okay and people on set like aren't, ready, they're like you're there like filming for six hours, they're ready like they want to eat it. People want to try it. You know we they were episodes where we knew there was gonna, be a big waste. Like one time we put, we stuffed 50 Birds into ten pigs and attached all the pigs at mouth. We did it years ago and I just knew that it wasn't going to get eaten and we literally ate like two of the pigs and the other eight. We have set it up with a soup kitchen in advance. They came with like garbage bags, literally scooped at all hours. I was like, what's it gonna be and they were like soup for a year. Well, so I was like okay yeah, it's cool, we did it. We did our TV show we did. We did donated a portion of the budget to feeding America org right, but a lot of people are like you know once you give that to like homeless people on the streets, and it's like you actually can't yeah, it's illegal yeah like it's. It's like you just expose yourself. If you're, not if you're like a production, come out of letting a liability yeah, it doesn't mean you could feed people. You can't feed someone. If someone gets sick, like you, haven't sure that you're screwed for that some guys, just gonna, be like I, puked and so I'm suing you for poison, well, yeah America. This is even even like. If you go look at grocery stores, we're like a lot of times when we're doing meat, heavy episodes we're buying meat. That's getting that's gonna be expired. Anyways. We go there whenever there's stuff on sale like expired meats. It's like one more day we go when we buy all those up. Those get thrown out a lot of the stuff that we use would have gotten thrown out, and you know if you ever watched the grocery store. What they'll do is they'll like triple quadruple bag things and lock the dumpster in the back cuz. They could throw something out and someone can go in the dumpster eat it get sick and then also sue god bless so yeah I actually really do love. America, god bless. I am Canadian and I really love this place. Every time I come here. I'm like I love this country here when yeah or I lived in Montreal, yeah you're back and can I lived here for two years and now I'm back in Canada and I come here for work very often mm-hmm. Who do you guys film from now Toronto? So can you can you get rid of the food? There? Is it's not as sooo happy there right? No, you! It's still the same scenario like you, uh like you, couldn't get in trouble because we're we are a company, so you can't be giving food and don't want any liability exactly you can't feed someone you could you know you can get in a lot of for that. You know what I mean if someone starts barfing, they go to the hospital and like goes down, and it's really expensive. Like that's that's on us, you know, I. Don't really understand that criticism, though, as if flex somehow this one large meal you made is gonna solve world hunger. Well, the biggest thing is like I noticed. The people are always like. Oh look at that waist and you know what everyone wastes yeah, but before epic, before Epic, Meal Time happened. I never did anything. I didn't do anything like for the homeless or anything like that and episodes where we've gone to soup kitchens and volunteer and and stuff like that or if we donated the most I've done, is during this time on Epic Meal Time, like it kind of like the guilt aspect of it, because there was some inspired me to do something, but then the people that go in common they're, like oh wow, look at this guy I'm, like I, hope you volunteer right, I, hope you're a volatile year over here right now talking about this, but if you're just some [ __ ], that's you know, like. Oh man, look at this guy wasting food and it's a bull you're on you're on the internet. Let your mouth throw in like half eaten Carl jr. burger cigar meal. They never finished our Carlos. You know you know that yeah and also I feel like I feel like at the same time. It's like you know if you were too overly scrutinize, so many things you really can't a Quebec. Well, look at you paying for Internet when people are starving yeah and you can feed children for a year. We live in America, it's the most opulent is that the right word opulent most / abundantly resource country. That's ever existed, I, don't even think it's just it's like the way. It's it's messed up because, as you were saying, grocery stores are even throwing out their like, whatever you guys are doing for entertainment purposes in the problem when grocery stores and restaurants are throwing out every ounce of food. Well, what I heard is that- and you know, there's something I heard is that we have enough food on the planet. Yeah feed the planet right, it's just a logistics issue right like if we can somehow move the corn in this country around the world. At you know, basically the thing that we need to solve world hunger is teleporters, we're at we'll figure out teleportation we can teleport under all the corn to Africa. Things are good as I understand it. It's that simple, you guys God there be so many weird, like things happening with, tell apportion exist. Teleportation, the clock, no I'm, not gonna, go there, I better, not keep my mouth shut. Why? Why do things happen? When you make jokes? No, it's just embarrassing, not that I'm gonna get charged more. Why did you get in trouble? No, no I'm, okay, okay, I've embarrassed myself several times on this podcast I. Think that's the one thing. When people become creators that they don't understand or they'll, never really grasp. Is you got to do it? You got to go all into it. You got to have fun. You know you got to for lack of a better example. Pull your pants up really high and take pictures of your gut like you've got to be all out there. Everything and it stays there right. So, like you can look like you could ask any critter like I. I was a Viner. Also. Vine was like a big thing for me for a period of year and a half like you go back and if you had a vine account like, if you did trust me like it, was like ela e to anyone, the content that you have to be comfortable, leaving behind the trail of it right is everyone will get embarrassed. Everyone will get in trouble, everyone will do some up and if you ever get big enough, they'll go back, I, don't whine some things he did in the past and make a make an issue out of it and I just went I looked at my my vine as an example and I was like I'm. An unfunny piece of I'm, like deleting every single vine I was like can't believe. I did this the format of vine? It was brutal and there's a similar way of YouTube, but that it's just it requires you to be so fast-paced. You got to make content. You got to slime it out. You can't ever think or work about on it too long yeah on the podcast. It's like I sit here and I talk for for hours and hours and hours and of course, I'm gonna say and do some stupid. It's just inevitable. It's like I can't even try to avoid it. I just have to embrace that I'm, embarrassing. The biggest thing and I think we've learned that, even with, like you know, things in the and in the recent past and stuff with creators, is everyone's gonna up. It's just how you handle it after the fact. That's the most important part, because I feel like what this society loves. American society Liz loves, building someone up on a pedestal, yeah and make it a big deal of them. But then we love knocking them off the pedestal, yeah and like clowning them, but then we also really love a comeback introduction, which is right like this guy's such a good singer. Oh my God look at her face. That's terrible, but he's a good singer again. You know when it's like kind of like it's torturous to be in that position, it's hard to understand how, anyway, you know what whatever. Let me ask you this so when you guys were making it I, sometimes I go down the rabbit hole. You know what let's not talk about this. Let's just go tomorrow. Let's go take us there were there ever actual medical concerns that you guys had during the filming like I, think back to man, verse food. You know the story of that show yeah he was eating the gnarliest. For so long the doctors were like you're gonna die. If you keep doing this yep was it ever I mean I know you were a potato in a mirror, but I just love that phrase. Thank you, the good cuff, like I, need you guys to write the foreword now. No, there was never any major food concerns and I mean if I can go deep on some theories for a second, you know and I actually I met Adam Richman a few times. I never spoke about about that specifically or anything like that. But this is just my theory is once you've done three seasons of a show. You control a lot more. If you are the talent on the show, so you kind of get like you can get like kind of stepped on in your deal, the first three seasons, but then, like you know, once you get to that point, it's like now it is I who can make demands right and you can make those demands and I just feel if I had done three seasons of that show I'd be like hey. You know what I'm tired of getting really fat right and I want to start paying for my trainer and in fact this in between this season and last season, I did start to make a better difference on my body and I want to host other shows where you know they want. Maybe a trimmer look, so other people eat now. That's just it yeah I'm like well. What are we gonna do? Well, you could just say that I was gonna die. That's it like that I would die. You think that that's overhyped I I, think if I were him I would I would have done that I would have been like kay we're done now with this. We're done like. Let's be honest: do I really have to to die for people to it? The answer is yes, then yeah, it is saying you have to die. I want to watch you specifically you you I. Yes, you I've enjoyed your content. I think you're, a great guy Adam eat you I, want nothing more than for you to slowly, I want boiling and on and on your funeral I want to deep fry that confident and forced you to take a bite of it. Oh that's, actually an actually never knew I want to fill his coffin with ground beef and nacho cheese, coffin, guaranteed, 50,000 views and then out of Adam Richmond's inside. Oh, that's. The mill I want the service to be called potato and the grave in dug grave yeah. You know the craters the crater saw. Are you going to put in the gravy potato in the gravy? No yeah? That's my life. I can have you guys on a Halloween episode now, next year, potato the spookiest yeah it was like you gave you don't like this episode. You gotta go listen to this podcast months ago. The shredder has this uncanny ability to always find the most uncomfortable place, to say he's literally right, where I would put my feet and I don't notice it. He does this tequila every more, not every morning, all night, he started doing this thing where he'll he'll I will go to bed and then he'll jump up on the bed and go right next to her pillow like next to her face and then somehow, in the middle of the night, I wake up and I'm completely like in the middle. No, no longer have my Saturdays like sideways on my side. It just takes it over every night, now killer yeah. Now what she was less keyed, so he's so good that it's hard to complain, but I wanna, literally I, want to strum through the window he's so good I was just I was wondering what is it? We were talking about it briefly that what is that impulse that one cute, when you want to kill cute things mm-hmm you want to like squeeze them till they die you're like oh, you should die. What is that we? Are they just a weird thing? I, don't know you my lover, you're, so adorable and so defenses and so sweet I want to kill you I'll kill you? Is it like something like I could kill you because I'm so much more powerful than you are you're? You are nothing and I can't, but you can see everyone goes it right. Yeah, like you can see and ant would say to baby I want to squeeze him right, like everyone would say that they won't say: I want to kill you, but no, but that destroys it until it's completely obliterated cute Oh. Somebody said in he said: it's cute aggression. Yeah. Can you get me a Wikipedia on the cute aggression, chameleon I exercise, I Gretchen unexplained, like I'm five went up at one point. No, it's just like all interesting, but it wasn't one of those point. Four I named click. It I was like I'm in a gif mood, so I didn't click it but now like well. Actually this is playful aggression, not cute. Okay, a superficial, aggressive behavior superficial speak for yourself, human baby or young animal people, grit their teeth, clenched their fists or feel the urge to pinch and squeeze something they considered cute. Well, not actually cause you're intending to playful. Aggression is a type of dysmorphic display in which a positive experience elicits expressions, usually associated with negative emotion. There's behavior occurs more calmly. Individuals who experience what is de morphus emotions across a range of society, go down a hole that you clicked amorphous this article sucks I was kind of hoping for an explanation, they're just like yeah, and you want to kill cute things. We all know about it. It exists um. Last year we were both that creator summit, YouTube Illuminati anchored meeting yeah exactly. Are you going this year? No, are you? No? No. Did you get invited? Yes, oh I was not invited. I think it might be because I shouted at everyone. I was gonna. Ask you. Last year we were there, and that was right after like the whole and buckle in popular as soon as as soon as the six companies like pulled their ads because they found that their ads were playing in front of like weird YouTube videos that they didn't they weren't happy about. I, don't remember what it was. We were screaming about I. Remember very clearly: what did you know? Communication this information yeah, that's! That was my fault point, but my main question was like, like I said: I used to make vines and vine ended. Vine was an app and it ended. I saw people like people existed. That you know were like you know what it felt like when you were on the rise. You're like hey, he'll, I, think it's gonna be all right. This YouTube thing it's starting to come through now. You know, like you, had that feeling and it's like whoa: let's buy a better camera or a laptop there's, an investment aspect there where you're gonna double down on this career, but there were people I'm sure on vine that were like wow I just got 150,000 followers, I'm gonna, move to Los Angeles, and they book the plane quit their job, and then they heard vine was dead. That must have happened. Surely- and we didn't hear about these stories because obviously no one gives a about vine or the people who use it. So what happened was I felt that YouTube, like is no different from vine in many respects, in the sense that it's like you know, we put all our eggs in the YouTube basket and we hope that YouTube will work out and that if you have a career, you have a career and that's great, but I just found out that these companies can just close like they could be like whoopsies ha ha we're not doing this anymore. So my question was to YouTube. If one company can complain about one instance of a bad ad being on a bad video that 6 it was, the number was 6 I, believe 6 companies can pull away and it affects all money making across the entire site I needed to know how many companies control the fate of YouTube. What if 8 companies backed out? Do we close YouTube? What, if 10 back up, do we close YouTube and since we're in a room of 200 people that dedicate their time and their money and their effort to making a life on YouTube which YouTube capitalizes on as well? We should know if it's like hey guys. Things are much more fragile than you think, right and, and we got that I already found out how fragile it was. It was as fragile as Pepsi can be like that sucks that add going on that video, so we're pulling money off all of YouTube, and so are these other companies in YouTube's like wait, wait we totally agree. We totally agree. The problem was how about it. The problem was how submissive they were to these advertisers yeah. It's it's all you're talking about influencer, yeah and in an influence like scenario. You have infinite influence or ammo in this room. Just this room, let alone everyone else right. No, it's people like PewDiePie weren't, even in that room but like who still is a guy that lives and breathes Oh, YouTube, yeah and and my positioning- was how many companies back out until this whole thing shuts down and they're like. Well, then it was just this one scenario, and this is what would bother me was Robert had said he was like. You know, hardly put yourself in the shoes of the Pepsi executive that had to go and explain and I jumped in and I, don't know what this point was gonna be, but I was like I'm sorry I apologize, but we only have one time where we get you guys. Face-To-Face and I would love to say: hey I love, you too thanks so much for changing my life for the better. By the way they ran off stage right after that till yeah yeah. Well, the whole point is like and I've been through these things before they're, it's so cool. They show us a great time, but really, if you look at it, you just need to see that we go to this. You know sooo secret YouTube, awesome meeting we get there, they have this face-to-face and he was like well imagine the Pepsi executive that had to explain to his superior my uncle a about that guy yeah. That guy makes six figures. There are people in this room with popular channels that will not make six figures because they invest back into their channel, and maybe someone spent fifteen thousand dollars that week on their biggest video of the year and there was no ads and no one told them, but people are YouTube's knew that that was gonna happen and this Pepsi exec or whoever knew that that was gonna happen. But we didn't know we didn't get the heads-up, and you know what Epic Meal Time was never affected by the ad pocalypse buzzing. The reason why I think YouTube up is because I made more money on Facebook last month see real-time, that I did on YouTube Wow and that's pro monetization we'll have to talk. They won't even get. They won't even throw me a bone, not that I care I, don't even upload our videos, but do you how many views do you get? Let's see that I have like some like? We have like one video we put up and it was like you know, a recut of an older video and it got over 30 million views. You know great yeah, it is you know what Facebook, for example, would really go. Viral I can see that yeah yeah. So what was like? We take our old content. We take content that exists. We take out all of our faces. We take out the voice, we take out any context that would have timed it and we make it just becomes like the most epic lasagna, instead of it starting off with me at the fast-food being like what like do a little bit, it's like you know, cut out literally every single person. That's so you put me cut it and you got a regear. Sometimes we put it in square. Feet were like who made this and put emojis and, like literally, throw a plant out there. Yeah we play the game. You know what I never played the YouTube game: I never got into playing the YouTube I feel like the game didn't even exist when you guys were at your peak, but the game kind of came around YouTube a hundred percent. It did dude. There was no game, then the biggest it was with pretty long actually did. The biggest game then was just like there were categories, so it was like they would say, like food and like one video was shown that day on food, Tom, comedy entertainment movies and like if another youtuber uploaded in food, they say girl what the bro you're my category, dude I thought. You know like if you're like, if Tim Billy, gato uploaded in food I'm, like that's weird, brought on how you feel if I started uploading, an entertainment right, then what what I don't want to choose weekend warriors showing up at your crib I'll, be throwing down a King David. There sounds a lot better than potato in the mirror. I feel like Jewish warriors is a lawyer. A Jewish lawyer, Jewish warriors just a lawyer, but I was annoyed and to that point about the Illuminati secret, meaning thing like. If you look at it, I love you too, I really do and I'll probably always have. If YouTube is existing, I will upload to YouTube, but there's a up when there are articles out there being like this. Guy makes five hundred thousand dollars every month playing video games online on a service called twitch yeah. You know that's a YouTube up because you could make you could do bigger than that on YouTube mm-hmm and the millisecond people do they exist, but no one wants to talk about youtube as much. It's not exciting news. It's like you know what I mean it's like. We just we bash YouTube. You know we don't yeah exactly yeah I know it's even in like the mainstream media. That's what I noticed like if you're talking about twitch and how much money people make on twitch. It's like that must be like a YouTube [ __ ], because they should be mentioning it on YouTube, but they don't that's interesting in itself that management the company has become so unsexy they're, just a bunch of the people, whatever I'm bitched about YouTube. So much but you're right. You make sure the point they're missing, see why didn't Drake stream for tonight on YouTube? That's a big deal yeah, you know and it by the way, we're on twitch right now. If well, yeah, that's right! If we were on our podcast channel streaming, the numbers would be way higher mm-hmm, but it's better on twitch god. It just feels better. The experience is better. The audience are more engaged the twitch audience community I cuz I made a twitch channel as well and I noticed that which is a different audience yeah, and you know what like we put our Facebook videos up. Facebook is its own audience. Yeah you big, like Facebook Facebook can like look is its own planet. A hundred percent make a million percent. Facebook is like our content, doesn't have to Rieger like they do. Were you like write, our content makes sense. Yes, and no you just cut out everything. I would keep it the boat I would keep it exactly as a or literally you just take your video, it's basically a 10-second video of you with like 100 beanies on it's like look how many hats, how open you know why to make Joey salads God bust, his soul was like I'm killing it on Facebook, yeah and YouTube. Won't even hey for me: I, don't know he doesn't make it he's just getting D Montes every time. Well, as he should another lesbian couples, mix, mix child and broke a trump card Facebook. The thing about Facebook is like. If you look at it, this way is the biggest youtuber has like 63 million subscribers right. Yes, it's a huge deal like the number one like like like that I could think of just in the food space. Just in food is like tasty and they have 96 million likes on Facebook. It's really and then you go look at some sports teams that have like or soccer players that have like a hundred something million and if they upload and it's a video native to Facebook Facebook's like oh yeah, we love video content. We want to be video players in the video game. So let's push that push that video push. That video like I, have a friend who put up a video one video. It got 180 million views and then he got 500 thousand likes on his Facebook page first video one time within a week. Youtube has not in forever done that to a channel or someone or anything, but that really yeah. The biggest thing is like. Let's say you started a channel and I started a channel. We did it on Facebook. The biggest thing is we could share each other's Channel right. I. Remember when I was negotiating the peace between Joey and soffel they're initiating so Flo didn't show it Cheryl shares and he never paid up yeah. He did a night got a nice everybody's, like you know what it's fine, I, think Facebook's. Still the Wild West I feel like they're. Gonna start something's got to happen. There cuz it's just too insane, what's going on there, but my page is dead because they just favor a video content so much like short form, snappy video content with like crying laughing emojis everywhere, yeah that are like if you post a picture or status, update or anything, it's like a link. Any people saw this yeah I think what would do very well is highlights of the podcast with huh with interest it's. This is the most important part: subtitles woah. That's a really good idea: 8, damn job titles. If you have the subtitles, it changes Facebook. Here's thing you go on Facebook and it's just three seconds counters of you and they don't have to have the sound running which is dirty so 100 million views yeah. It's like 179 million people that scrolled by just didn't scroll by fast enough and it plays without sound, and if you have subtitles people do again. Some people allow you to watch during class they're in clouds. You got tips, yeah I knew you were gonna come in here with me. Write that down everybody I want ten I want ten highlights on our channel. We need someone, we need someone, we optioning that and we go for uploads a day. I have a disgusting feeling that if we start posting those, it's gonna be it's gonna, be sick, you're, gonna, post in your make a hole. Look at this now our lives. If but I don't have known your facebook lives and I do hookup, monetization I can try. I can connect you to a person. I've done that with two of my friends, okay, yep yeah hook me up. Yeah I, don't know if they got monetized but I hooked them up with the person. Okay, that's it yeah. What do you got speaking of potato in the mirror? What do you got there? My pizza and a bag? This is pizza and a bag. It's my jerky I have a jerky. So, okay, good I'm, a really tell ya. Well, it's so crazy, because I made, let us hold it here. Hey guys! Look he's available in Walmart I, like people just like killed. You ever expect Epic Meal Time man to do all this and be like you know. I'm always like no I was joking, like I literally made a video where I was joking around mm-hmm and it got views and I'm like. Oh, let's talk again next week, we're joking man, I can't believe we're still. Joking I mean it's like six years later, I'm like yo, this jokes, really heavy. Almost seven years later, I'm like I, have I, have found the reasons internally within myself. Why this joke will always be funny to me and why I should value this joke and I'll continue to joke. With this joke forever and I got to that place and I'm like. Where can we take this joke snack, I love? Walmart, that's a joke! It's sunny! It's called super snack time, good, Epic, Meal Time. Let me let me break into this. I want a baby yeah. It's called super snack time, cuz Epic, Meal Time! This is the craziest thing. Is copyright, which is a yeah? That's not seasoning, so hold on hold on it's copyrighted yeah. So, okay I didn't expect this. It's little pepperonis yeah, oh my god, I swear to god. You could be a hundred percent honest if you don't like it, you could say it's not it's not good! You could. You could say that be everything want me to give you a real review right now. A hundred percent 100% be truthful. Ok! Well, it's like honey, I'm thirsty on first. Doesn't it taste like it shocks me? I'm, not gonna lie it's like a mass of meat. That's like it looks like a potato in the mirror like okay, so visually it's interesting, but then I was like. Oh that's kind of cool looks like pepperoni yeah. Well, they are it's pepperonis. The pepperonis I found that that jerky is like sometimes dry or top right. Now, at that gas station, I was like: let's changed the game. Let's bring in this pizza flavor, which our surprise pizza doesn't exist. This is gnarly, that's really cool. This is like a little shot of life. I know, isn't it crazy? It's actually pretty good right. I've never had anything like it. No III swear I was like I was shocked that a triangle bag doesn't exist. The that Pizza jerky itself doesn't exist, doesn't say stuff like that yeah hundred percent, you could say that doesn't taste healthy, yeah, it's it's it's high protein and low carb somewhere I was telling you about Kido mmm-hmm. If you sat down and you had like I'm still eating about, if you had sick by jealous, if you had six slices of bacon and three eggs for breakfast, you know people would be like Oh cholesterol. That's not really healthy! That's in line with a keto diet, though. So, if you want it, this is the best way to eat pizza. If you're on Aikido, because your other option is making a cauliflower pizza and then just do I gotta, say I mean I'm, I'm heating, it I'm still eating it. Where are these little nuggets here? They look like raisins glued to it, raisins to our jerky. What is this? What are the chunks? So it's like it's marinated and seasoned. So those look like Olaf. Those are like delicious little like sauce pouches, you just like it's. Basically, when you get a chip and it has extra powder on it, you got lucky with that bite. No here let me read the packaging. I I agree about the texture. It is not try what you don't. They have that I love trap, I'm, a jerky guy I'm, just gonna, be frank with all you right now, so yeah I was gonna, call it Epic, Meal Time Pete's in a bag, but I found out a human to calm down a huge Food Company trademarked, Epic Meal Time in the food space in 2012 whoa, and it wasn't, you know, was enough. Did you combat that yeah? But then you just have to I have to just spend a lot of money against it's like literally like it's like a mega corny who was I, don't even want it. That's how big they're there's like five of their products on this table right now, so just like that serious table, oh no, not that what sneaky little actually very sneaky big. These were like big mmm, big ones. You know, but actually it's like my first lesson. It's just like I was like America yeah, okay, I'm gonna, say I endorse it. It's great sweet! It's fine! It's interesting, I've, never seen anything like it before it's tasty, oh wow! Thank you where it's really cool yeah, we I it's! It's so crazy, because I've pitched shows before like doing this whole thing, I've gone in and done show pitches like I've, been there like waiting like in, like you know the hall of like this huge production company being like I hope they like this show when going in there doing the little song-and-dance. But it was just interesting with this, because I went to Walmart to pitch it, and that was just different in itself. Oh, so you did it directly with Walmart yeah yeah I own this. It's not like a licensed one like this is like this is how the hell you make a food. Do they help you like? How do you make? Yes, that's a jerky company that makes the jerky and partnered with them yeah and they make a jerky. That's a delish, Turkey and Walmart. Are you telling me not to chew on the mic? Oh yeah. I'm. Sorry, shredder I'm. Sorry you try this, you know, I did I, don't like eating on the podcast, but I did like well I'm a I'm, a big disgusting monster. That is why we look like we look. Thank you for saying a proverbially, so it hurts less. No and I look skinny! You know, and that is why you're gonna die. Young and I'm shredder gonna live on happily you're, not what is after you gonna gravy grave I was saying that I was standing up at YouTube and I was like y'all for taking away the money yeah from all the people. Anything they were like. We put up a blog post. I know: I was like it's the same blog post. If you have 75 subscribers or 7 million subscribers yeah and they're Alejo, can we appreciate the irony of YouTube communicating through blog posts, yeah yeah, all right? How you guys know what you're doing y'all are in touch and then and then the best part is and guys, if you're watching this and you get to go to the the beautiful youtuber Illuminati secret meeting, which I do love YouTube. Also I can't say: I love YouTube, but it's important to criticize it as fun. I was watching a superwoman video and for like seven minutes she was like YouTube's. The best love you to be so good with, and she went on about how great YouTube is then she was like, but- and it's like she had to do that before she criticized it. So six minutes of praising YouTube I had it you know but like how dumb and they bring us there and they're. Like sorry, we took all the money away for a week without any one. Now can you go on stage and dance right and dance to hype, up, Ellen's, YouTube, channel and type up, James Corden's, YouTube channel, and now you go to like YouTube trending you're, like oh great YouTube. This is it TV leftovers from last night, Ellen segment, James Corden segment and it's like I'm, not bashing them, although I could bash Ellen for a long time. I'm just saying you look at this top ten list of people and it's just gonna be left over. Did you Ellen for a long time? Oh, my god tell me about Ellen I'm licensed oh yeah watch yeah I love that I've watched, Ellen I've started watching Ellen I got on the treadmill recently and I flip on Ellen. Just had a carrier, I'm just curious. What's out there, but I've watched so I've watched a couple. Episodes recently and I'd love to hear all your all of your grievances. Well see you guys actually touched upon it in one of the videos, something that I do bring up, and that was the girl. It's like, oh look at you. Now you had to steal right yeah and for those that don't know she, she chief set up a ruse that would totally encourage someone to steal an extra hat or it's garbage. Ellen bar mitzva merchant, good yeah. It's like four dollars. Not a multi-billion yeah like over, gives car so don't get high and mighty that someone took two hats yeah and she. So this what everyone could take. One thing and someone took two things and she was like. Oh my sister at Ellen's like, oh you, don't think we all have sisters right, everyone, wouldn't we all like to things like yeah like robbing they almost. If she said Nicole, she was a killer, would go and hear that woman to pieces for Ellen but I hope I get a hat for this and we don't know if, like maybe her sister was supposed to come, she filled in for her sister made her sister's sick. We don't know it'll tell you what I know. I know that Ellen Ellen's like a billionaire she you know she's got her like slot machine level. She got her own slot machines and yeah, so she's, the one for stealing a hat when you got sluggishly, Oh exactly and so she's there and she's. Like oh look at this road, it's like oh wow, Ellen. You know your billionaire and this girl's, like a peasant. Stealing two hats. Let's shame her on TV. What is the Ellen slot-machine like when you lose? Does it be like you took two hats, it actually says, claim prizes or claim below both prizes. If you claim both prizes, you get nothing. You web cam turns on and dreams your family, like pops up, you line, [ __ ] like one, not everyone's a billionaire another one, no Dan sent me something another one was the the you know: damn Daniel yeah, yes, so damn Daniel, okay, let's say you're the the damn Daniel, okay and I'm other guy that says damn Daniel. Oh I got to some pics of Ellen's, oh man, oh my god. It's about dancing come on all right. It's sorry to pull that up and everybody you can open your eyes again. So let's say you're Daniel yep and you just came to school in your white vans. Mm-Hmm now I'm here with my $600 iPhone and I'm, like damn Daniel back at it again with the white, you know and I do that here, like haha shut up and then like damn Daniel everyday, damn Daniel, damn Daniel right! Okay! Now, if we just black and white it, you are the star. This wouldn't exist without the star. However, this other kid. You know he bought this iPhone and he uses his data and he is the guy saying to him. Daniel mm-hmm, like that is his phrase. You know so I would say that they're equal in the sense I would say the damn Daniel's the artist the guy make he's the creator. Yes- and this is just the star. Yes, the main actor and this guy this guy's, the director, the writer the producer and disturb his it's his grade of work right. So, let's just split it half half, let's say they're. Here: okay, they both go on Ellen. She gives that guy Daniel a lifetime supply events he's already got some slick new shoes, you know, but he now he has a lifetime supply. This guy, the friend that came with him, a surfboard that says I went on The Ellen Show. Was she trying to be rude to him? I? Think? No. She wasn't trying to be rude to him. What she's trying to do, in my opinion, is subtly place the seeds for a treacherous backstabbing of these friends around like in a year. Oh, these kids aren't anymore no way it's now: music, oh yeah, Daniel! Why don't you just do it with your van? So you have a lifetime supply of and all I got is his surfboard and he's like bro. You were always jealous of my wife back. That's why you filled me in the beginning and then they bite each other. Who knows, but you know what I mean so she's breaking up. That's what I think what a nasty wit? How? How is it hard her face, are crazy by the way Horus we're done. Whatever you know, whatever I got scared for a millisecond I saw you realize blah I thought I thought about it. I thought kpop fan base you're, okay, I thought you were a kpop fan every day, I fight for that. For oh, you fought against the haters I fight against a knife. It against k-pop fans. Wait I thought you were for Cape, I am they're so up. So what is the key about 25 plants I like I like I, like some kpop band, some boy bands I, find them I find the mesmerizing. The fascinating and I think that they're, the pinnacle of money spent on pop music and designer clothes, and it's like they're, born and bred, like they're, like Spartans, except instead of kicking ass, they're, a boyband right, they're born from the beginning and like they throw other other kids like other Koreans in the garbage that just don't have the look they're like no in the trash in the trash. This one, the pop singers, do that the there there if you thought the Backstreet Boys were corporate shills. You have no idea what it's like in whatever we loved them just like five seconds ago. I do love them, but you just call them corporate chills. Sometimes, when you talk about something like in a way, it sounds worse than it is in real life. You know like like this this in this one, this one video this one, video on YouTube, this guy max, describes Ric, Flair and he's like his skin is he's like he looks like leather and he's this weird old, goober and he's so gross and he's awesome. And it's true something he's never downed worse right when there's explained, but when you really, when you take it in yeah. These guys are nothing. But you know they're they're, corporate shills, okay, but you love them all. They're there yeah they're, the best. Okay, all right, I get you I understand, so they they they're just born and bred to be the best at this, and this is a very specific thing: their groom exactly to be in a boy band right and their fans are very territorial. Hmm and I, like some fans, bases and other fan bases, don't mix well and I went once and I was like. Oh, like I'm, like I love, BTS haha, my boys are so sick and I. You know this one's my favorite and then literally people were like you, stupid jar, mayonnaise and slit your throat. If you think you could be fan of BTS, they hate white people, you and I was like whoa, there's really intense they're like can't beat that comedy racist [, __, ], yeah I. Actually I screen shot so many people all different pirates, all different walks of life on Twitter being like you scumbag. If you think, you'll be fan of BTS I will kill. You I swear not like dude. That's crazy though, and they I like they kept sending pictures of like a jars of mayonnaise crying. Why why exam white and white racist- and they are like yes, race they're like another, like they can't be racist to white people, you idiot, oh I, was like what my people think that I would look I'm like oh. This is just completely interesting on on so many levels do that I kind of want to get into k-pop. Now yeah yeah I got I got like a list for you. I got like a start I like a list of please like I, don't care about the music I'm, just interested in the beef yeah, and once you just go out there, I got just like like. If you went up right now and you're like huge I'm, a huge fan of jungkook like you'll see your mentions are gonna change, hue, jungkook, yeah, Ju and GK. Oh okay, you write that and that sounds like that's a Korean pop. That sounds like a cowboy, so weird it's like a twist, but it I bet. If you see it's a ghost they're gonna hear dude they're I mean they're, throwing mayonnaise through the window right now. That's interesting, yeah and I. Just I was like oh yeah. This is awesome. People were like I'm gonna, kill you crazy I'll on the surface value, it's like. Oh, this wholesome everyone's having fun and seeing it and dancing and then underneath it's just static, don't ever first she's. So obviously what I did was I was like well. In that case, I guess I'm gonna be the fan club president. So, like my bio has said, fan club president for, like the last lexicon and Ryan I'm gonna get messages being like yo. Mr. president, can I be in the BTS fan club and I'm, like hey just wanting to be in the club. Get you access to the club, alright and I. Had some websites like throughout an article being like Harley Morenstein from Epic Meal Time, is that there's the BTS fan club president? It was like literally like written on this like Korean website and I was just like. Oh, this is actually true and weird. It's not only was a weird that I was wearing a kpop t-shirt with like a young man's face on it, but I was at Dave and Buster's, which is also weird. I was having a weird night, and someone tapped me on the shoulder, and it was just like young girl and I turn on shows. Are you the BTS fan club president? Okay, I swear to God I unzipped my jacket, where I had a picture? I was like yeah and she went, it is usually staff and I get a picture. No. She was a nice one, at least so. She recognized you as the fan club leader, yeah. Well, I was like damn serious brand pivot working. Hopefully, I got a couple videos you wanna watch some videos, yeah I would love to I've got. Did you hear about this count? Dink, EULA Chet, the dog? That's a dog yeah yeah! You guys you guys probably mostly heard about this, but I'll. Show you a little clip. I, haven't actually had a chance to talk about this I mean you talk about it for a long time, this guy trained his girlfriend's pug she's, always she's. Always you know doting over this pug saying I was the cutest thing doting. Is that a word? They say that right, whatever you guys know what I mean I, don't love the damn dog yeah and the doc he taught the dog had a Heil Hitler. This video just got demonetised algorithms like a legume, is like Heil, Hitler nope, so here's the video anyway he got locked up in the UK. So that's it happy. So here you can hear him saying it's. The least cute bang mm-hmm a Nazi yeah, not glory to Hitler. All you know, and the weirdest thing is is like, like he said that he thinks it's not cute. He thinks Nazis are not cute. So now he's talking about it. He's established his side of it yeah, but he doesn't think Nazis are cute. So then we are we're. You know we're are remembering the Nazis, which is an important thing right. We should remember that. That's a up time, that's true! We should remember it and if we remember it through joking or whatever, let's do that, but he started it off by saying this. You know and like actually member the the I hate, Jewish people PewDiePie thing. Yes, I always thought that that entire video would be in completely different and changed. If you actually right off the bat said it and I just want to say: I, do not hate Jewish people and then went through with it. It means something so different. I've watched this and I've gone over this before alright, but like it's really important, he paused there because he said thought of the least yeah that context easier, put exactly put him where he is yeah I. It seems so logical to anyone right. Everyone that we would talk to seems to be on the same page. I just don't understand what is going so well. So let me basically I mean I thought it was pretty funny. I was giggling to myself as I watch this. He says: gasps the Jews and all that good stuff and the dog piles Hitler's. Let me find one because it takes me a minute to train the dog. That's funny the pugs, an obscene. Oh my god, I'll say the the accent is too spooky. He got the low speak, German accent. It gives me like two real, but well today is like okay, so in the UK, apparently you're not allowed to make Nazi jokes and they're actually sentence his ass they're gonna, throw him in the slammer for a for a joke. He's gonna be in jail yeah. How he's gonna be every day he's gonna be in jail. He's like I think cannot believe that I'm in jail and for every person. That's like what are you in for what are something that they do, that from the movies yeah, that is honestly I, taught a pug to salute Hitler and then privately, like this guy's, a violent right and then killed no and you killed. Who was you kill? Yeah, no I, literally I thought that my reaction is I, don't know what the laws are and I'm, not English I, don't know what it's like to grow up there, but I'll say this. It made me appreciate this God blessed land of the free, where free speech is a tent-like. We free speech is an actual right that we have, and that would never ever happen here in America and you and it's crazy to think that even in UK the birth of civilization, someone can go to prison for something so insane it makes you really appreciate what it means to live in America, I, gotta say this is what's interesting to me is let's say: I taught you how to kill someone I just showed you how to kill, showed you how the fastest way to kill someone with a knife and I showed you and I trained you for a year on how to kill someone mmm-hmm and then you went and killed someone right right. You did the crime, yes, but maybe I should go to jail too. Maybe right, but it was you, you should be punished. Mm-Hmm I, don't like the idea of this guy going to jail at all, but if you really want a black and white it that dogs are not see. How do we do with that Nazi dog yeah? What do we do with it right? We got a dog out there that will Heil Hitler that watches Nazi propaganda, the guys locked up, but he knows the difference. Does the dog? No? No, and what's messed up to me, is I hate to say it. But, like you follow that logic, you got to put that dog down. We have to put that dog down yeah. Well, it's not that I want to see that. But if you're gonna continue the crime, you have to guess that dog yeah exactly that justice. You really do. I would like to see that I. Guess that and I don't want that. But, like you know what like, if you don't think that anything should happen to that dog, then you should have and nothing shopping to that guy. Absolutely you're moving you're moving UK! This is. We started off talking about killing dogs, we'll make sure to touch back on yeah I just was like when I saw that I was like I, don't know anything about the UK I, don't know about their laws. I thought that they had the same freedoms we have, but apparently not I, guess you can joke about. That's who I remember: I went on a cruise way back in the day, like literally like 15 years ago, and I was hanging out with some kids from America, and there was a couple of UK girls there and one of them at one point was just like, oh like. If something came up and I was going. I'm Jewish News, like you're Jewish, you're, Jewish, he's Jewish you're Jewish like yeah and like oh wow, I, never met a Jew before and he went on to talk about Jews and a lot of the stuff he said was very racist. It really up and the UK girl was like if you said that stuff in the UK you can literally go to jail, and in my head, I was like ah she's goofing around. She wasn't around so I. Don't think this is a new thing right, I think, just that's how serious it is I know in Germany, and that makes more sense to me that, like if you talk about Hitler or Nazi propaganda, you'll go to prison. That makes sense to me in Germany. They don't want. They don't want to do that whole thing again. Yeah that didn't work out yeah, although in a weird way it did because Germany is prospered. They took like a weird route there, but they seem to be doing well now: hey, not that bad start a couple world wars like yeah. We made a couple mistakes but like it worked out, it's almost like you said a couple: false starts. You find your footing in the rim who might have criticized their plan. No, would you go to jail for that Joe great, possibly interview, possibly in the UK I I, don't know, maybe from that we're going again, but there's the possibility that you could I try way too hard to be a funny person to ever. Go to the you. That's right, probably a guy that, because that that's the American spirit, it's like if I wanna, say I'm gonna F a bunch of frickin flips gasps, a bunch of Jews that it is a word that is a word guess know if you said a word yeah F word. That is a word. That's a derogatory word right! I swear! What's your point, what are you saying? Oh no I thought you were trying to say it - like bypass a word, but then you ended up saying: 100 counts! Oh here's, my ultimate point: yeah! Okay! There were UFOs on the news like three months ago. You guys see those videos, no full-on UFOs, like f-16 fighter pilot Jets being like what the it's a UFO look at that and it's spinning and it's doing weird, and it's all that I swear to God I believe aliens can invade earth. They will be at our doorsteps, like it'll, be like Independence, Day, mothership small waiting for that. Are you expecting that it would be pretty cool, I hope, I'm alive for it, but I'm just saying it could be there. That's where we could be at uh-huh and no one will talk about it. They're, like oh, my god, this guy, this guy, said something homophobic on Twitter. Let's go get him boys and then let's get mad fry or the mothership in the area over New York yeah. They could be here what Deng kuelen said about the Jews yeah, exactly the black that is borderline, anti-semitic and I. Think we should talk to him right now, yeah those aliens they could wait. Yeah I just feel like that's where we are on it's been about on earth now. Did you follow the whole me being accused of Transpo being transferred? That's what I was referencing earlier, yeah those those very reaching I'm like I, saw that I'm like how far are we reaching that yeah and I? Actually I saw that girls post I was like oh she's, just been waiting too use that meme format know that format where you say that what you like she just been waiting to do that and to just she's like oh here's, where I could jump in on it so and she used it and then it's like. Oh she's yeah, but at first we thought at first it was some sort of a joke that I was missing. Like I mean I, don't know, but then I realized. It was serious. No I didn't see anything like I, don't know! No it's insane table. We did a video, we put up a video and there was some weird jokes in the video and I was like. Oh let's take that out. Let's take that I edited this video like so that had some weird stuff pulled out and then I put it up and this girl on Twitter was like you know: I watch all your stuff and this one really got to me and I was like. Oh, why I will take criticism. Sometimes you know I was like. Why is that she was like I just felt like it was really offensive to vegans and really super rude to vegans and now. I know that we made some jokes towards vegans, but we definitely didn't go anywhere like they should die or anything like that. It was just ten on ten hilarious joke and that was it and I was like Oh Mike did I offend you, she's like no I'm, not vegan I just felt that it was very offensive and I was like okay, which part and she was like. I'll have to watch it again and I was like this is the problem here, because you're not vegan, but you feel like it's offensive and you're gonna go back to try and find out why you made me felt it's just that everyone's got their their their their sensors up on so sensitive that, like I I, sometimes see things I'll watch something and I'll see it and I'm like oh I bet people get offended about that. Every day things happen. I, look at that on. My all people would get offended about that right. You know I kind of like what you said. I was watching your Twitter video about the doctor, disrespect his Asian guy character, yeah and I like what you said in a way where he was denying that it was racist and you're like I like it it's funny and it's rad, it's racist yeah. It's like okay, I kind of like that acknowledgement of being like well, first of all, I'm, not acknowledging that what I said is transphobic I, don't want people to know they're very different, very different later else, but to be like okay, I chose to make a racist joke for the sake of comedy, but I think the most important thing that nobody considers of everyone who loves to get angry all the time is that what really matters is the intention. Yeah you're, not someone who wishes harm or has bad intentions. If you make a racist joke that is harmless because there's a you know: well, that's it like I I'm, like dude I, like I, I love, one of my favorite comics Anthony Jeselnik, says the most terrible things ever most terrible things ever. If he ever worked to be like it's, not that bad it'd be kind of up that. He says that it's the fact that he's like oh I, know people know that I say up things and I'm a huge fan of doctor disrespect and, like you know when he does like, like basically mimicking a Chinese person's speaking mock Chinese. Even though I think he's hilarious at it and what do I know I'm a white Jew, how could I ever know if that is offensive? But if someone get another give that disclaimer I don't know anything I'm a white Jew I hate that problem too, when I was making that video about, like my response to the trans I was like I I was thinking about saying something like that, but it's like I'm, just a white Jew, yeah I, don't know any you want to preemptively. You want to preemptively like just stop those comments or can I know, but what I? What I settled on is this? If, if you went and you stubbed your toe and you're like kills and I was like, let me see and I looked at it. I bet go it's fine, you're, not hurt, it does hurt you yeah I, gotta, trust that it hurts you that's all. So if someone, if someone asian, is like that's up yeah, then I'll be like you know, pain is real, maybe maybe it is I-I'll. Just I'll believe you, you know cuz someone can go and like shake a jar of pennies. In my face now bike, that's up and I'm like no, it's not like. Well, you know not. It was knee high. It was a hack joke, but now that you're saying it's not up I want to fight you. You know cuz, it is up, but like you just need to just know that it's up and doing like the mock asian thing is racist. You can't you can't yell ching chong at a Chinese man and then say that it's not racist, cuz. You know I think he was like. You know my girlfriend's dad's Hawaiian bro, that's cool, something like that which is like that doesn't cut it. You know, but I was having a good time laughing at some funny content that I thought was funny, but I'm a terrible person. So I can laugh at racist things. I, don't think you have to be normal person except we need a yeah. You know a terrible person insane anyway that I'm terrible on that the most sensitive person will find a million reasons to get annoyed with me and that's what, but I'm I think I think, joking about sexuality and races and yeah. All that is important and I. Think joking about the Holocaust is super important. Also I. Think it's important. We're like joking is an art, we'll remember things by how we laughed at it or whatever, and if you like, in that scenario, I wished that he would have been like either a like huh. My name is dr. disrespect. What the did you think other than I would disrespect a [ __ ] I'll disrespect the whole race and you know whatever, but then it got to like a weird quasi play by the way I don't follow the whole I didn't see his response. I just saw I like that. What are you explaining, yeah well cuz I, felt like it could be taken. What I was said could be taken and applied to lots of things. Well, it's just like recognizing what you're doing like you know like like the PewDiePie's like I I, know it like the guy invited me to sleep on the couch at his house. If I ever wanted to go and film with him, you know I, don't think he hates Jewish people. He knows very well, I'm Jewish, you know I, don't think. That's I, never thought that, but the content yeah the content, the joke was anti-semitic in definition, but he is nowhere near an anti-semite. You know what I mean like in my experience. No, that's not. You know what I mean so like it's, it's like people take the joke, and, and it's just the comedy is at comedy- is at risk. Yeah, okay, I'm, always Pro comedy. That's right, I'm always like what I hated the most was growing up is, if, like you know like someone, would make like a racist or homophobic remark and I might say something but I might make like an anti-semitic one and then a Jewish person would get offended and I'd like no you're ruining the game, because the game is all or nothing and if you're gonna get mad at one of them, then you're gonna ruin the whole concept of the game and the like for me, like I, like pushing buttons I like being extreme, so always default to saying something about Jewish people, because I can go to that far edge and then be like. Oh it's our word, the K word. You know I could say that it's fine, you know and if someone else said I'd like oh as long as it's funny, let him do it if it's not funny, let's make fun of them for not being funny, but also just know when you're being racist or know when you're saying something homophobe, Bick or whatever and I thought your tweet was, however, that even came is being transphobic does not make sense to me at all that wasn't partly really frustrating me was that, like I didn't even know why I was being such a reach, it was just such an intense reach that I thought it was so goofy. What am I I feel like it's just that people are expecting at this point that you shouldn't. You should never be offended by anything like it's fine to be offended. You can move on right. It's a normal, healthy reaction that we live in a society are supposed to feel you. You need to be able to talk and express yourself. You're gonna worry about every little thing you may offend. You can't say anything anymore or if you get offended, I want that person to pay is like that was this justice on the the offensive aspects is weird by the way. I can only imagine how many people were reporting our channel and trying to get my Twitter banned and yeah, because that's it, it's like a it's. It's all about retribution. The thing that really annoys me is like I'm I'm, so pro trans, right and so liberal on social issues and I feel like I'm, an ally to them. I'm, not a conservative Christian who thinks that they're mentally ill or that they're desecration of God or anything like the that I hear. That's really awful I understand that growing up trans is probably really it has to be extremely difficult. A lot of them are at risk for suicide and depression and like that, and that you should call people by the pronoun that they want in the name that they want and I totally understand, respect that feel, like I'm, a sensitive dude to their issues, and it's so it's like. Why are you trying to ruin that alliance? Yeah I'm on your side? Dude, why are you segregating us people jump people to jump the gun on pointing fingers and, what's weird about it, is like you know what I don't like is like now, if someone this week we're to Google your name, it's just attached to something that says like transphobic and that just exists and it's there and then you know obviously like some websites will mention it or talk about it. Ethan comes recently accused of being transphobic, which is yes, that's 100% true. You were recently accused of that, and that makes whether it's really baseless and completely nonsense. It's not gonna yeah. Even like you know, I was listening. The podcast with Shane like how terrible that is the whole. You know, Shane Dawson is dude. That was insane. That's like that's 12, on 10 scary, that Twitter news that they featured that exactly and how fast that gets out of control like this is minor. Compared to that yeah. Oh that's, but that's insane like and I I'm, like you know, that's what's scary is like this day and age like you know something could happen, someone someone could be accused of one thing or whatever and then before you know what you're in this box or there's been where the company of that bin is ten times worse than what you're even falsely, being accused of and that's what's weird, is you get thrown into these bins? We categorize it like oh yeah. First I think that Twitter should be deeply ashamed of that whole Shane. Dawson thing that was just shocking I am as borderline like Miss America. You should sue them. I, genuinely think that what they did was borderline I can't remember the word: was it defamation yeah what they did? I know they have some exemptions if they're like journal journal, but you have to have there's some journalistic standards. Yeah like you, should use that power to correct yourself the next day. Never then, and they kept it up for a long time, so up yeah it just up, but that was one thing this it's like one of those under under side risks of doing what we do is you know you put your name out there and, like you said you, you go on the mic and you talk on the mic. Non-Stop you're, gonna say some dumb or whatever yeah, or maybe you don't, but people will piece together some dumb or say you can easily remove context from anything there's. This picture like this picture that, like I, could see why someone would think it was me like it almost could show you. The picture. I'll follow if I find it on my phone, but it was just this picture and it looks like a guy that, like could almost be me, but he had like a tattoo, then I don't have a single time. What would you do? It was just it was him, and then it was this girl that looks like it could be another another youtuber like really. If you wanted it to be, and their faces were blurred. Hmm but like there were like naked together and like it looks like it could be me and another youtuber and I just remember it like the week that it went on Twitter like in 2014, people were tweeting, it like crazy and like Mike. Girlfriend at the time was just like look. Is this you and I was like yo I'm. Like look at my shoulder. I'm sure this is like my girlfriend were in the same apartment. Look look at my shoulder: I have no hair. This guy's got hair all over and surely you're lucky and I'm like I am lucky, and it's like this is you, but the people that are looking at this picture? They don't have me showing them my shoulder. They don't know me as well. There's like damn damn dog. Look at you -. You did this and it's like not a thing that happened. You know that's great, but yeah. It's just wild just what it is, and it's funny cause like I'm sitting here like sharing this with you guys, right now and like there's still an element of me male, just even randomly sharing there wasn't even anything. Bad to it, there's nothing bad to it. It's like okay, yeah, we each other. Even let's just say that is what happened when it's not but like I'm still sharing, and it is somewhat an innocent enough thing and I'm casually sharing and like I know it's not, but there's still an element of like you know you get this aspect of like I, don't know if I should believe this was it that they thought that you that you I didn't want to I, don't want to say because I feel like it's like a thing and then it's like kind of like a thing, but it's definitely not someone that would ever me someone that I know well enough and I would tell you that they would never. They would never mess exactly so if they enough every time I got you, you have the best. You've got all the Jews all the stories you were there from day. One I know a lot of it. You would never say on camera. Every time I see it. This guy he's telling me that's blowing my mind. Is there any stories you can tell on camera? That is just like the greatest craziest YouTube. It's a good one. I could tell on camera the best you guys I'm telling you get this guy off camera. Oh boy, you're on it's too bad, like 90% of them, are like incriminating, -, yeah, Tom, berry I, mean every moment was extremely incriminating to all of our favorite youtubers yeah. There was I. Remember there was a point like where, like it was, like, you know, Toby Turner, of course, Toby Turner was like the Great Gatsby of YouTube at one point where he had parties every single weekend at his house, and they were like extravagant parties like Thursday, Friday, Saturday and I. Just remember going to those parties and be like something. Bad is gonna happen here. Something bad will happen. There's just too many youtubers too many people getting up. I just feel like something bad will happen and I remember: I used to go there like all the time and, like you know, I had some somebody, some guys that were on Epic, Meal Time, then, and they were just like. Oh man. Maybe we should stop coming to getting up. Then I. Remember the last time I went, it was like the last straw of we're like okay, let's go was we went in the backyard and like in the hot tub was like someone that I recognized from like fine brothers like teens react mm-hmm, and this is like a party there's like drugs going around and drinking going around. We walking and I look in the back I'm like yo I'm, like that's one of the kids from teams we act like we leave now. Let's go. That was the last time. I was there, but anyone who's ever been at a tobyturner party. Who's ever gone to any of those they've been up. They know they got up everyone's been up at those parties. Everyone like every youtuber, if they've ever been like oh I, remember the I was at a Toby Turner party and this they were on what they were on. Ecstasy, probably yeah everyone. Those were the days on those were the do tube days right. You know what it was funny is like it. My experience on YouTube, going through so many phases that I have been I, can recognize enough that sometimes someone will say to me, like you know, if I talk to one of the guys who used to be on Epic Meal, Time they're, like man, then whatever man, those were the days and then a part of me thinks I'm like these are the days and I know. That's like a weird thing to say, but, like we are still in the days and I know that, like there were times where I'm like oh, those were the days but like these are the days to in a weird way, like I had like the days where I remember that when like Epic Meal Time was like fastest growing number one channel on YouTube, it was like you know, like 10 million views a week, and we were like going like up like 25,000 subscribers or a week, and that was a lot more. Those yeah yeah, those were the godly numbers yeah there was, it was messed up. Those were the days and it was like Food Network was like had a show where they had a guy. That looked exactly like me, but it was just like doing like we're doing outrageous foods. It was like over Aegis meal fibers. All right and, like you know, huge corporations are trademarking. Our brand I'd like to accept those were the days, but then, after that you know, we moved to LA and living in LA like those were the days, and then we got to work with, like some people like Arnold Schwarzenegger or Seth Rogen, James, Franco and I'm, like those were the days but like then there's an aspect of it where I said about, like I, think about the times where we've met where I met, you guys the YouTube thing or something like coming here and I'm like these are the days where to pizza and a bag for me is like these are the days there are like the days are like there's just so many you know, there's just like it's all the days like it'll all be one. When you look back in 20 years from now, it'll all be the days you know like the the the Joey salads and, like you know, the lawsuit and the podcast. Everything will be like into the days yeah. That's all I think that's healthy I think that's a that's a good outlook for anyone, who's listening, because I think people have a tendency to be like always looking back yeah. The truth is about the days too. I mean you'll talk about this all the time like we idealized the time we were in Santa Cruz and we're like man. Those were the days back then like we were broke. Now we even sometimes talk like that about the times in Israel right all the times in New York, but you remember, sighs it and you're like those were the days. But when you actually like meditate and think back, you were miserable back. Then there were a lot of complaining for like man YouTube's. So up these days, I was like dude. Youtube has always been up yeah. Do you think it's up now people used to complain and be like. Why is there 15 Taylor Swift parody music videos on the front page every day? Why doesn't my content pause and like there was always something like that? There was always an element like you know. People are like oh I heard this youtubers like not even that nice to everyone. It's like people said that about like raywilliamjohnson back in the day, I thirst, he hates me, whoo, hey William, yeah, I, bet well, I, don't know why I've never caught, though I all I, don't I'm I'm he's before my time on YouTube I didn't really watch his colony is I know about its lawsuit case, because he was our predecessor. He lost his case. I studied a little bit in preparation for our case and why he lost and what you know. Why did that happen? But I he's a real, interesting guy I appreciate what he's accomplished and I was like hey. You should come on the podcast. You know I love, to be a really interesting conversation, because we have a lot in common Ally. The guy. Does he watch his videos, that's kind of what we do. We both been a lawsuit about fair use, so somebody I tweeted at him. He didn't respond, but I got a lot of attention. Somebody showed me a screenshot they've been following each other for a long time. For some reason they know each other, I, guess and he's like hey. You should go on the h3, podcast I heard that he wanted to have you on there and he blocked him straight-up blocked him did I mean. What's that about so I listened I met, I was kind of like I met, him I met him a few times in Jefferson and he hangs out with Jeff Dunham by the way. It's interesting. You know what cuz like you know. What like I I come from a place where it's like this. If you, if you make content you put yourself out there, then you are open game for discussion. We can talk about you. We can that's just how it is I. Think there's, there's there's a fine line to that. Like I I'm, for you know the content you guys make I'm about that. I find it weird like. Sometimes, when a creator will like you know, talk about like an 11 year old girls, Instagram feed, you know like rice gum content is weird -, I agree and there's a difference. But when someone like gray he's, like you know, he's a real person, I've met him before he's been nice to me. I do know that he doesn't like being the topic of conversation. So I know, even in this scenario, I from what I remembered of him, I haven't, hung out with him in years. Is he wouldn't like that I'm even discussing right now about him, but there's an element of when you become the top there's an element we might never really grasp unless you've been there yourself, like I, remember when jenna Marbles was blowing up and that sky rocketing, like how that affected. Her in my encounters with her personally I saw Logan Paul when he was on vine, and then I saw him when he was on YouTube before he popped, and then I saw him when he was skyrocketing and there was something similar there there's a similar. What is this detachment to an extent of like relationships and whatever and there's this element of any any person that you can think of or speak to were people that would message you there's an element in this position where it's like? What do they want from me? What is that person? Why I have mean I? Definitely the element of that. So if you're number one yeah and then you've been number one, then you have that feeling with everybody yeah sure. So you know like Logan had adore I've noticed I thought maybe Jenna may have have it, but but Ray had a strong aspect of that that you know I'm sure he was one of the people that were there way beginning way early on, and maybe there was that element of like what does this person want from me from him? You just him and Jamie on the podcast yeah, but but like I did. But why are you trying to you trying to put me on blast but rose yeah yeah? So yes, this- and this is an important one to this scenario- is I, went out and I and I tend to be someone who connects with everyone. I literally I met like one person on YouTube that I didn't, like literally everyone else like I like and I, went out once, and it was a scenario where I I went to this club and Ray was gonna, be there and Sam pepper gave me a lift, so it was just like an interesting night, your ass. No, this was pre, ass, touching and so I got there with Sam and I was at wallbrook grace ray was there yeah and he? This is the perfect encounter that sums him up in a way Sam went up to him was like, oh, my god, I'm a huge fan, I made YouTube because of you. I can't believe it like it's. Just you made me want to be a youtuber, hmm Narae said to him I'm, not a youtuber and then Sam said raywilliamjohnson and he was like yep and he was like yeah you're. A youtuber I used to watch equals three I loved. It like you made me want to do this and, like you know, and I literally, like I loved your channel, he goes cool but I'm, not a youtuber I. Think as well. You were a youtuber, he was like. I was never a youtuber and he was like mad and he kind of stepped away and Sam was like to me like I'm, getting mad like I'm getting mad at him. Why is he saying he's? Not a youtuber right and I was like. Well, let's be, let's be honest, it's pretty lame, but we all are. He totally is yeah yeah, we're all youtubers, you know, but like saying you're youtuber, maybe is an element that you don't want like I knew that he, you know, he's he's a musician he's a writer. He had directed content that did not go on YouTube. So if you just say you're a youtuber, maybe he felt like that was limiting what he's done or whatever, but he that encounter himself is I, don't know anyone else that would have had 9 million subscribers, where eight point nine, nine, nine nine nine of them would refer to them him. As a YouTube, and one of them would refer to him as their son, you know, and everyone else would be like a youtuber, so well, also that when, if when an impressionable fan comes up to, him is just being nice and looking for a little yeah well who's. Also now in his own right, he was successful at that when he was probably I. Remember yam was a big deal yeah, so it was like that in itself it was just weird and I'm in the middle and that just right there I mean I, guess to an extent can give you a hint at you know, huh what the mind frame you know. So it might not be that he hates you, but it is interesting that he went and blocked that purse just bro, but that comes from a really sour talks place. That's not a help. Happy man, who's blocking people, just watch. You know I I found it I interested, like you know, like maker studios, had like a weird dynamic back in the day, like I used to go there, and it was very strange because it's like you have all these employees that want to be youtubers and want to create channels, but they're now until they get their break they're working for other channels and that person's coming is like edited, better breath inches. You know, and it's like you are you're working for this guy's channel, but you want to be spending time on your own channel yeah, but you're trying to work your way, you're trying to make something happen, you're trying to figure it out so I think maker just had a very strange dynamic but I. Remember people used to bash ray like I'd, go to VidCon and be like VidCon Ray's. Not even at VidCon thinks he's too good for VidCon, and my only thought process is maybe he's just really uncomfortable or unhappy, or you know, like I, don't know when, when I started, doing YouTube when I went to the first VidCon I was shocked at how strange every creator was. Hmm I left my bag, yo, you, oh my god, I love, your shouldn't. He like to say: I was like: oh, it must have taken us particularly be like I, am gonna go on this site YouTube, which doesn't even make money yet yeah and I'm, just gonna for fun. Talk to no one and say like me. Follow me subscribe to me and I'm gonna upload it every day and I'm not even like getting paid for it or anything I'm just doing it, because this is who I am and I just noticed that I'm like well. Those people are different people from myself. Now it's different now, it's like being a youtuber, so cool in this day and age. You know like someone like when, like I was telling Tim to leggett I was like bro when you uploaded your first video to YouTube Jake Paul was six yeah like he was six years old right, so he grew up at a time where it's like yeah, what YouTube it's actually cool to be a youtuber bro. Alright, like Rey, grew up at a time where it was not cool. In fact it was uncool, in fact you were just using it as a milestone stepping-stone to get to other stuff to be respected in auditions. You know I used to talk to me. He said he used to wash dishes in his videos to seem relatable with the audience. He never wanted to say that he had an Escalade at the time. He didn't want to talk about his fancy car or his fancy lifestyle, because he thought that would be weird for the audience where I remember when we came onto the scene, we were like. Oh let's pretend like were rappers. Well we're gonna pretend we have money before we had money like we said YouTube money before we ever got our first paycheck. We were just like. Let's just be like, we got a million dollars doing good good, you know, but it was just too counterculture what was happening then, but he came at a time where it was like uncool to be a youtuber. You know. So maybe he is just not a happy guy. I really I, don't know I, don't anything about the guy he's interesting did and I'd love to sit down. Oh I think it would be and I'm sure someone's gonna be like gray. They spoke about you at this moment and check this out rage he's in this pod right here. If you block me, if you don't want to come on huh and if you do want to come on, follow me, those are your two options: yeah, you can't do it nothing yeah. He is friends with Jeff. Dunham I've noticed that he's friends with Jeff Dunham, who is my personal friends there's they may be together. They're friends, they're like I, could work because they're cut from the same block of uh I, don't think he would work with someone that he doesn't like personally I like I, think if he's working with someone likes them personally, I think if he's working with someone he's bringing them into like his, you know, I think it is what you just said connected with me. I think he's like doesn't even want to associate with this that's going on here. Yes, cuz he's a big deal. He makes collabs with Jeff Dunham are the best pass, the most powerful comedian? That's ever lived, who puts puppets on his hand and tells racist jokes through the puppet, so he's not accountable. He's friends with the great and wonderful Jeff, Dunham and he'll be goddamn become waste his time with me. He prefers to spend his time with peanut. He prefers to spend its time with the talking jalapeno peppers. It sounds like over-the-top Mexican, so I'm way, I'm way way way below his level. Let me ask you this yeah, we, oh, we didn't do the giant babe bring up the giant babe for Christ's sake and so important. We totally forgot yeah all right. You got to hit this thing. It's customary that uh this is like ceremonial yeah, usually good in the beginning, but we forgot so hit this hit. This monster. Would you now it's not a competition between the guests at all, it's been sanitized, so don't worry about that. It's been spit shined by Dan. Is there chronic in this there's? No chronic? It's just vape juice. Now is Shetty. Okay, I think he's just yeah he's all right. Now it's not a competition, but there there's a friendly exchange between people to see who can rip the fattest vape cloud. So don't worry about it. You know but like. Let me warn you. Let me give you some advice. If you rip it too hard you coffin, when you cough the smoke disappears, so you have to find a balance of ripping it really hard and not too hard, so the buttons right there and you just suck you're gonna love it yep yeah! That's where you suck from yeah I every time, yeah, all right, Godspeed, I, can't wait! I would go all around it. Yeah for max suction you're, very you're very, is you're very self-aware about holding that little phallic tube wrapping your mouth going. Yeah, don't worry man just put your mouth around that little tube and suck it here we go, ladies and gentlemen staff. A trip he's very tender, very dainty. You can take another good at it. Yeah. You know you that was impressive cuz you coughed, but you also still got a pretty fat rib. It was no! It wasn't that big, but you caught. If you didn't cough, it was gonna, be a lot really big yeah yeah, yeah yeah, that's a bat cloud. It's uh, donut I, don't know. So. Thank you for doing that. By the way. How was good did it hurt the first rip yeah a little bit? Oh! No. It's so closed it out and it's like it went yeah. Sometimes when it's not been serviced, I, don't know why just told me it was clean there. Everything is clean. The tube is clean, not been used, but sometimes I. Don't know why trips so harsh! It's like battery acid and like so you know it's so funny. Vape scary, the worst like like. If you have a vape you suck online automatically. Did you know this? Let me explain. Let me clean I have an account on Instagram mm-hmm. It's literally a toy account. It's my side. Passioned fun project I, have little dolls. I swear. 12-Inch dolls like Star Wars, force diagram. It's called young toy boy. Why you ng to a boy yeah, so I put this up and sometimes I'll tell people how I made a picture like I'll, be like? Oh here's. What I did like and I'll be, like the background, is cardboard, I mean we'll shot I'm using the hot toys, r, a picture or a sideshow, Boba Fett and the alien queen and then I'll say like and then III use, like a blue light and I'll say. I took my vape, which I literally bought the vape for this, and then I bought the vape to their atmosphere to blow it yeah into the picture, so there's smoke in the picture. This is why I bought the vape and I'll. Tell people I'll put the picture up and I'm like yeah check it out into the sideshow Boba Fett I put some cardboard in the back there and I blew my vape for the smoke effect mm-hm and then all the comments are like you have a vape. Oh my god, you loser or kill yourself, there's no you're, so garbage Wow made more douche bag. Jeez and I'm like yo I, literally just I'd literally just took a picture of dolls. There's a lot of people. These are lighting to kill you. These are pictures of malls. I took a picture of dolls and I, sent them up with fake plants, and everything like that and I took the picture and you're gonna comment me for the vape, a more Pro like yeah, exactly I'm, like a grown man lying on my tummy on the streets, taking a picture of toys yeah. This is pretty much I'll be like. Oh man use your vape Wow you suck bro, you suck and I'm like, but how did that outshine the fact? The fact like a grown man, payment yeah, we got playing with all there's, not really crazy, really cool! Actually yeah do you ever feel discriminated against, because our producer Dan Azov, is a big actual vapor dan. Do you ever feel discriminated against for vaping? No, no I mean I, see the hate online, but not in real life, not in real life. Oh my god, they're, probably talking behind my back, but a hundred percent. They are when you leave everyone's like that. Vaping Wow, by the way I didn't want to say in front of him, but Dan is a babe. We always ask their guests at the bottom of the show. If you have any and it's okay, if you don't have them- okay, paranormal extraterrestrial or unexplainable stories that have ever happened to you ghost stories, yeah you, okay, god bless you. What do you got for me? So I I was dating this girl, not my ex my ex, but the other ex before epicMealTime ever happened in my basement. Mmm and I always felt like weird vibes in my basement, like I'd. Wake up sometimes and I felt like I, couldn't breathe mmm, you know and I'm not someone who's like there's ghosts, but I am someone like maybe there's ghosts. You know. I'm, like you know, I'm very, like anything, is possible to exist or not exist. Who knows it was her in trouble then grab him. Let him out of the room, and so what happened was I there's this ghost in in in history or in different cultures that sits on your chest. I've heard yeah and you could wake up, maybe like or in your dream. You can breathe or you're kind of awake and you know you're napping, but you can't breathe and it's like it's like hard to breathe mmm and it's like there's this just I, I experienced and I remember experiencing it in googling and then finding that's in culture. There's just like this ghost that sits on your chest. Whatever you know, it's a thing: whatever I had these weird experiences and then I remember being in bed with my girlfriend at the time, and it felt like we're both in bed and I, wake up. It's like 4:00 a.m. and it's black. In the moments all the lights are off and I felt like someone was at the edge of the bed kind of like pushing down on the bed and it felt like the bed was moving a bit and I felt that and my face was up against the wall. So I like put my finger on the wall to see if my finger was moving or if I was just imagining. This bounce, hmm and I felt my finger like going on the wall. So I was like it feels like someone's here, hmm and so I roll over this way so I'm facing her now. But you know I, don't know if she's facing me or what, if she's, sleeping whatever and I rolled over and she just goes, Harley Harley I wasn't quiet. She goes there's someone here and I look at the foot of the bed and it's everything's black, but at the foot of the bed it's extra black like really dark, like ultimate darkness. So there's just like two things you could do here: I could scream at the top of my lungs or I, could fight I kind of did. A mix of both I like stood up and I was like and like fell through. Whatever was there or wasn't there and my light is behind it so when I fell through it, I hit my light and my light turns on and she's got tears all over her face. She's like there was a ghost here for like 20 minutes, I swear, he was there, don't freak out and I totally thought there was I was like. Oh, don't worry, I wasn't gonna, be like. Oh, my god, I felt it too. So I was like aw, don't worry you stupid idiot? You thought there was a ghost here. You must feel foolish like we'll just keep the TV on. If it makes you feel better, you know I'm not putting the TV on and keeping the light on and everything I'm like it was a weird encounter fast-forward a week from then I, wake up in the middle of the night and I'm just trenched in sweat, like I'm, sweating, I'm, drenched and I'm, like full-on, like like having rage, sex and I like what, when you wake up I wake up, but I'm doing I'm like covered in sweat and I was like what, during a sexual act when you I'm having sex, okay, I'm having sex right now and I'm like what is I like pull out and I'm like. Oh, my gosh I'm like what's going on she's like what are you doing, I was like what happened here. She was like I, don't know you just you just got really one-track minded about it and he wanted to do it and I was like I. Did this again like it wasn't me and she was like: no, it was you and I'm like no I think that was the ghost from the other week. That did this and she was like what are you talking? I was just like I, don't know, I'm, sweating and I. Don't remember starting this and that's not when do I ever do this and I don't want to do this and I think I think he's with us or he you or whoever that is or whoever the ghost was that I didn't do this look. Look at me, I'm soft, now, I, don't even want to be here. I didn't want this I waited. You were actually having sex with your girlfriend. I was fully having sex, I woke up and I was in the middle of sex and then all of a sudden you were like wait. I was at whoa I'm awake now, who did that she's like you're being weird? Why don't you just bang this one out? Let's get back to bed. I was like no tell me. How did we get to this place crazy, but she was like you. Did this she's, like you, woke me up, you didn't say anything you were just really one-track minded about Oh. Oh, my god, that's ever happened yeah. Those are the only scenarios that that happened. I I, her and I didn't stay together. Much longer, anyways and I didn't stay in the house, much longer, anyways, so I don't know if it was her or the house. But those were the encounters that time that a ghost my girlfriend Oh No yeah and usually a dick yes use, my pathetic dick as a mere vessel. For this of all the Dixon of all the disappointing David in the world, mine was selecting this ghost dick. Alright, the be exercise I have an honor in a way spooky and and and and fighter I jerked off with holy water to exorcise the demon visa. Following that's right, the Pope ribs website yeah, that's great thanks for sharing that Amy told me to can I say: can I say that I've been I've had experiences? It's a type of sleepwalking I happen for a period of like a year or two where same thing would happen to us where I would wake up having mid like mid sex like I, would wake her up and initiate it and then come to and not remember it at all. I was waiting to see if you'd bring it up but yeah. It was like how much do you want Amelia yourself, I'll, let you do it? No I. Don't want talking about it's just that weird then, did you feel that I, that ghosty was even better than you Frankie wasn't self-conscious, like oh yeah, like after that you're. Like all you thinking about ghosts, oh yeah, but you are, nobody was just like he's awake like himself you're, not talking to me and everything and then just wake up all of a sudden like what's happening. It's a weird one. Is it the house? You think it happened in Israel, only mm-hm I, don't know we move I, know I, guess, there's old enough to be pretty on there so make up. Take it over my dick dick gets taken over I, find I find some places to be more haunted than others and every time I go to Hollywood I walk into a hotel in this place, so haunted, there's so many disappointed ghosts that died here. They just wanted so much more than they got right and now they're bound to this room. They'll have I'm trying to sleep. Oh no, you know, I have an audition tomorrow, and this is this ghost a man yeah. This goes to just pissed about this they're gonna curse, your audition I've been I've, been cursed so many times and in Hollywood hotels, I just feel like every single one is like every time: I go into a room and Hollywood I'm like someone died here sad, it's like every single room in all the way right. I'm, like someone had a terrible death in here. That's probably true. We were, we got a room in Vegas and there was blood on the ceiling on the ceiling on the ceiling and I came out. Oh my, oh, my brother I was like Darrin like look at his, but he went like this. Went ass blood! Oh, who said that bad? It was that's blood blood he just for him. He assumed that has blood would get on the ceiling first than any other blood I'm. Trying to imagine a scenario where that happens like that. He shoots like that. He shoots a bloody diarrhea on the roof. Every scenario I share is terrible: ass blood yeah, a split that he came in. He was like, oh, my god, ass blood. No, it's cool san aspie I think it must be all right! Well, I'll! Leave you guys with that ass blood and go stick yeah, and what about you and everyone part of the us? And, let's not forget it in the mirror. This stuff's great I urge you all to give it a shot, because it's it's interesting and I guarantee you've never had anything like it, and it's really good. I love! You found a flavor raises, you think you're putting it back in the bag. I want that one will touch the ground or something I would have totally popped, that raisin flavor that that's some for the boys flavor raisin! Oh, you did yeah there's much for the boys over there cool some Buffalo one and pepperoni cool and well. Congratulations! That's really exciting to the cool product that does really great yeah, I hope so I mean I'm, hoping Americans do what I want them to do and that's go to Walmart by your feet: the bag, nothing face it. It's low-carb. Also, though low-carb. If you wanted that you know, if you wanted that, it's low-carb right, that's it! That's all! We got thanks everybody for watching, appreciate you! God bless! You love ya. What else? What are we doing? Next week? We don't know I've, exciting announcement next week. We have no guess, but the week after ninja is joining three yeah wow, that's gonna, be a big one. Ninja is on Monday. The next I think we didn't finalize the date, but I think it's gonna be on the 23rd, so that'll be cool, well get hyped which get hype yeah anyway, 500k a month. I think he makes even more that's just that article I know that was like alkylating the numbers and then I was like I, don't know where his sub-account got, but it was some more like eight hundred thousand dollars a month just from subs, that's stupid. It's insane! God bless him good, I'm, happy that this world exists, I'm, so happy that that guy was able to carve out he's fired, alright good guys by the way guys he smells really good. We better at home, wondering if I the dog yeah, we walk alright enough [Music]. What's a goodbye see you guys next time love you [Music].