Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live at twitch TV for slash h3h3 productions, every Tuesday and Friday. It's just my lonely. Ass here cut to the wide shot, and now you can just see really how sad it is. But the good news is ela is on a plane right now, coming back man such a lonely, [ __, ] guy Christ, look at cut - that white shot again. I saw a post on the subreddit. It's like pathetic. It's like the whole gang is here always count on our fans to make me feel good. Now, but anyway, it's been fun and, as always, thank y'all for spending. Your Tuesday afternoon here with us means a lot appreciate you letting me in to your life and touch you in that special place that only Uncle Bobby ever touched you it shouldn't touch you there, shame on him. Today's podcast is sponsored by sea peek and raid world war 2 a new video game by my friends over at Star breeze. It's out today on Steam more about that later and, of course, h3h3 shop.com support us directly. There and, of course, viewers like you who subscribed to us on Twitch using twitch, prime or just a straight-up subscription by the way half off this month, so tip of the beanie yeah I'm, so excited ela is coming back. Man I know, I, really underestimated how dependent I am on her. It's kind of [ __ ] up like when I was living by myself before I, don't remember being such a pathetic [, __ ] loser, but I guess you just get dependent on somebody after so much time, but I, don't know it's been a tough. It's been a tough couple of weeks like we well clearly the reason she's. There is sad, but we just moved into a new house like two days before she left and there's just been so much to do. We didn't have like a studio set up in our house, so I wasn't able to work. It's just been a I've been masturbating with my tears. I'm not gonna lie I had a lot of time to masturbate. Specifically with my tears. A slick, tiny little vibrating -, you guys really love that sound bite out there. Our advertisers love us by the way um anyway, yeah I'm super excited for her to be back. This Friday she's back just in time, because I need to emphasize that this Friday, the red carpet, celebrities, the Bradbury, burrows I'm, Ethan, Bradberry I'm, talking MO I'm talking it is Ethan. Are we gonna be in here this Friday I'm so excited like honestly? Probably if I could choose one guess, it would be them. We just have so much history together with these guys. It's like I mean one of our first big reaction. Videos was pranks in the hood, which was heavily focused on them. You know you got spy, it looks like they've been around and suck our destinies are intertwined. It's like a great literature right. It's like um, it's the hero's journey or something like that. It's Joseph Campbell you jealous. If only I, tell you stranger. Life is stranger than fiction. Nobody can read it. This good anyway ice made a thread on the subreddit that I would love for you. Guys. I saw a lot of people saying like hey: I've got questions for the Bradbury boys and so I want to base I mean it's helpful for me just to like hear what you guys are thinking, and so, if you guys have some interesting questions, you could throw them in this thread. Here, god damn it, you could throw it in this thread here and we'll look over it before we go live with the Bradbury boy, so I'm gonna spam it in the comments here. So if you have any questions, it's there on the subreddit you'll see it. Even if you don't know them don't leak, just go there go I'm super excited about that. Sorry, I think I was too close to the mic. On that one fishbowl. We spoke about fishbowl, the spiritual predecessor of shark tank. It's like shark tank, but less money, less experience less interesting to watch fishbowl. Are you excited, but there's like so much. Basically, for those who don't know, I'm, like I, was obsessed with shark tank and I loved the idea of having our own little shitty version of it here and so I want to have people come pitch, their business ideas to us and the winner gets like a $50,000 investment from us. So there's like a lot of legalities who we've been talking with our attorney. We have to like draft some kind of consent form and make a website and think of like rules cuz, it's a contestant, there's all the kinds of laws and [ __ ] around that. So we didn't forget. I'm super excited to do it. Just gotta cross our T's and dot them eyes, Brian, Shawn, Smiths and Skippy, bringing those guys out so haven't forgot about those wonderful angels, I'm, so proud of Skippy. You know like I raced 3000 dollars with his belly button went apparently undervalued it at 2,500. So when you're gonna be smoking that coming up to you I, don't know, I got some cold feet. I was planning mmm, Justin, roiland and Alex. Well, just it was Justin's idea. He's like, let's smoke a blunt of Skippy's belly button lint if we had two hundred thousand, but he and we crossed two hundred thousand on the charity, but he's like Oh day. It was I only met today week, I'm, like dude, we raised 235 and you're, telling you're not gonna blaze that [ __ ] hit that [ __ ] for freedom dog, take a kneel before or I. Don't know what are you supposed to kneel or not? I'm, not the NFL thing, I! Think of those all go. Those guys could just get a blunt of Skippy's belly button. Would there be peace on earth that NFL [ __ ] is great I'm, not I'm, not gonna comment on it by the way, it's just crazy to see how charged up everyone's getting I'm, not I'm, not I'm, not even gonna, touch that [ __ ], that's one of those things. It's sad I feel like there's, [ __, ] I can't even talk about because people get so angry by just expressing your opinion about something these days. It's it's mad. People are so upset like on both sides about this NFL thing. Take a kneel, you salute the flag, Oh careful getting too deep anyway, I'm, not even gonna, touch it and more I'm more like interested in the fact that I can't touch it that it's that, like people are so fricken divided. It's like such a team politics, man well, I'm, not gonna, touch it I'm, not gonna. Take the bait this time. Folks, I'm just gonna have a sip of this ice-cold. Coca-Cola zero! Not a sponsor yet should be, should become a start, might get a test taste for Pepsi, Max Coke! It's on you, oh and later we have allomere of overkill. Coming in. To talk about anyway. Well gets all that let's [ __ ] get right into some [ __ ] now y'all know that I love sucking human Musk's dick and, as we touched on previously his dick actually expands and contracts, he has a cybernetic [, __ ], so maybe some girls like it like a child, some like it like a noodle Elon, can accommodate all of your needs because his dick is like um. It's like a balloon. You fill it up with more schmutz and it gets fatter. I've heard this through the grapevine he's very satisfying sexually anyway, so he was dropping bombs on Twitter, bro, USA Today, hey. Let me show you this picture. I love this. This is why I love you on all right, USA, Today, tweets out Mercedes, makes a 1 billion dollar bet it can take down Tesla. It's like this whole big thing, Mercedes, apparently, all a lot of the car companies volts, we're gonna, hurt our investing a ton of money into electric vehicles and I. Think it's smart I mean it's clearly whether you believe in global warming or not. It's clearly just like a better way to fuel a vehicle right like it seems like the future. So everyone's putting down money on that and Elon responds. That's not a lot of money for a giant like Mercedes, which they do more off by a zero love it, but so here's the great part next day they tweet out this damn damn Lear I! Guess these guys own Mercedes, you're, absolutely right: Elon, Musk, here's, the missing zero, investing ten billion and next generation V's and 1 billion in batteries got him. He just says good. Can you believe this [ __ ] guy, you know what I don't suck his dick enough I, don't give him enough credit Tesla recently they they made all of their patents public, like they released all of their technology publicly to anyone who wants to use it because they're trying to generate the e V market, I I mean I, get the reasons why? Thank you. It's like a they've made the best progress in converting our existing infrastructure to you know accommodate electric vehicles, but it's a huge undertaking and they need help to do it. I think he's smart and knowing that competition and this area's is only gonna help them because I need charging stations, they need infrastructure. You know like this. [ __ ] cost money man, it's incredible. What they've achieved just with the Tesla, you can drive from LA to New York now and charge all along the way, not stop at a gas station. Once god bless him, the guy stick. It goes from one inch diameter to twelve inches I mean it goes all the way up to twelve I. Don't know anyone do would need that. But I'm just saying it's options available its. What a great guy is all right. So that's my daily Elon Musk dick-sucking. Now here's actually the story, the the main story. That was really interesting to me. This twitch streamer reckful was a he's, a IRL streamer on on Twitch. What are the chances of this [ __ ] man, it absolutely blew my mind. Dude is inst. My parents aren't right now in Barcelona for my dad's birthday and their anniversary. There's my mom. You could see it right there. These guys are out in Barcelona IRL streaming and my parents walk through the back and the chat explodes like that's Ethan's parents, the guys don't recognize them and they just keep meandering through the back of the camera, and then they end up it's it's just so bizarre! It's just what are the chances? Let me show you this show. That's true a barcelonian is my pal. You said sure, like it wasn't really right by the way, there's conspiracy theories that exist that these guys, these guys nil, there's some compelling evidence, but I, don't I, don't see what's true, but the way that they're framed is so crazy. It's hard to believe that, okay, but I think it is. But anyway, this guy's like staring at him right, a little [, __, ], interesting I, don't know why they would set it up, like you said sure, so anyway, here's my parents just like framed up perfectly IRL stream 10,000 people watching isn't all that to talk to get grills or something you just need this thing. That's it my dad [ __, ] haggling with this guy trying to save $2 or some [ __ ] off, like a $10 purchase, he's negotiating for a good long time till I'm glad you can't hear what he's saying I'd be embarrassed, but it's hilarious either literally negotiating with this guy for like 20 minutes anyway, the chat is like exploding me fast for what I say: I say huge, 3h days: parents, oh wait, wait till they buy the lights, guys I'm, just filming. Turning in circles, you guys see parents like what small world man do. They speak Hebrew, though my dad is going to go skating. Five minutes later he's got one dollar off that price man he's killing it. If I say h3 actually haven't seen the whole thing. Let's see, I'm just totally Israeli names, let's go check: Ethan's parents they're, still picking lights, yeah, they're, still picking life. That's how I feel all right. I know my dad till I get in there by BMO's goddamn it Jesus. Okay! Here we go man. This is why am I pair that real question? Why have my parents talking this guy for so long close the deal man? This is like a whole long boarding ceremony. Okay, here we go I'm, also I'm a twitch streamer. He streams on Twitch. Now that's really cool, hey, I'm, sorry to bother you! You are I'm, also I'm a twitch streamer. He streams on Twitch now yeah, that's really cool what my viewers were all seen. They saw you in the background of my video and we're spamming. The chat yeah this [ __ ] is so [ __ ] weird. What was it dancing by the way I was after me, I feel bad. Now, I was making fun of my prize dude. What the hell I was making fun of my dad he's over there buying my ass, a gift I, actually like those lights, they're pretty cool, I hope it is for me and I hope he got at least two dollars off the purchase price. The asking price or I'll refuse it I love it. They try to give me more credit than I deserve. No, in short, I do not speak. It was okay anyway. What the hell dude such a small world dude was super nice to my parents. A very wholesome experience, though, shout out to reckful for setting up that whole weird wild journey with my parents. What else huh, Oh God man I, fell into this rabbit hole you guys ever heard of Wendy Williams. This [ __ ] is bizarre, weird and wild stuff I'm. Getting really deep into like um daytime talk shows the dr. Phil's, the Oprah's, the Wendy Williams I'm, just I, know. I find the whole thing fascinating, uh and, and Wendy in particular, is is uh. Is the Gold Cup winner for can fight just what she's? Like? Oh my god, just let me just watch this story like this is my intro to her old son. Yes, his name is Kevin jr., okay, what kind of mom Murray I'm just thinking like Wendy Williams, the mom I'm, trying to imagine you at home what we don't know? What let me show you something else first, so this lady has a show like Oprah and she's got this insane audience when she walks out. They have they have like rituals, it's like a cult like a bunch of screeching housewives and when they, when she walks out they'll, go like like a long time like for five minutes and she comes out and she goes. Oh, oh you, like that's her thing. That's her slogan, I haven't seen. Um I haven't seen a slogan like that. Since Jeff Dunham's I kill you, they both kill, I need a slogan and just I don't know if you, what don't you have a few I? Don't I need something that I do like every time. I want camera like ooh, Cooper, oh I, know one fascinating. Okay, all right I need to dress that up a little bit, but I don't know the whole thing is just so bizarre. Let me let me in show you guys to the world of it's really really inspiring to me, because I've been I'm really trying to put together a show, treatment and I'm thinking of of like what would my dream show be like and I find these daytime talk shows really inspirational just because it's a weird and wild stuff and it's a great format. You can talk about anything. You can talk about videos, current events and it's just. It lends itself to some absolute spooks I mean here, take a look at Wendy's, my biggest inspiration right now. I may need to get breast implants and a ton of plastic surgery. My goal is to not be able to move, show expression in my face and I mean like look. It I mean I generally, don't like making fun of the way people look. Cuz I mean she's, killing it, but I. Don't really need to say anything honestly, I, don't need to say anything, I, don't know it's just the whole thing is so it's surreal. It's like a alien universe. Just look at her face. I mean that's an emoji right there, oh yeah there. It is. Oh I, don't know it was with this guy. This weird [, __, ] youtuber, basically reuploaded her clip, but just he and him doing little bits. Look at this. That's it that's all he edited it was him doing that [Applause]. This is the show they just [. __ ] love her ass anyway, I'm absolutely fascinated by Wendy, Williams I. Don't know why I don't she's! She this show is um. This is like the third most popular talk show in the whole world. The whole planet she's a superstar, just like the main theme dis are on Twitter. If you guys remember him, oh look at this intro, it's like it's as if the editor is doing a meme on them its way, it's so high energy that it's like bouncing and exploding live from New York. It's all you Wendy, look at the intensity of the intro and this [ __ ] is bananas and I love it, but I, don't know why the whooping gets to me. It's just everything's high-energy, except for her she's, not capable of expressing energy in her face. There's all these people chanting her name and she's. Just like staring back she's very strolling about and she's very stoic about all the love, that's that's thrown on her, which is part of what's so bizarre about it. Her whole thing is just like yeah, I'm, Wendy I know you love my ass. Oh you I! Don't want I'm, not trying to like hate on her she's achieved a lot. She says: she's, she's, clearly, she's, a strong, independent woman and a very hot pink dress. It's very hot, pink! It's hard to look at her hurts my eyes. Fun, be honest. I'm surprised her producers, let her put that on but I'd the whole ecosystem is just like completely new to me. Rabbit hole yesterday night and my draw my job, which was on the floor. I mean that that that this stuff is so popular I'm like completely out of touch come so into the YouTube world. I, don't have cable, I, think that's part of my problem. I need to get cable, so I can actually know. What's out there. Look at this there's a there's, a how you doing compilation. Wait. I saved this, how you doing compilation this was [, __, ], powerful, stuff. Here's seven minutes of this I guess it's supposed to be absurd, but it's one of those things like Poe's law, where she just does it for so long that when I watch her come out on stage and drop by Hagi, the one I get the win just seems really like a friend's reference. Are we going that far back for there um? No, no. She specifically has said that it's not an Italian, how you doing it's a something completely different in fact, Dan! It's nice that you asked me that, because I have this video cued up to explain the origin of this, so this, incidentally, is not it. This is not planned I'm. Just this! Damn in this deep here, wait! What's up, let me watch the damn video [Applause] wandering of the Wendy Williams mess. You don't say it like Joey Tribbiani from friends. There you go now. She just she directly answer your question: the [ __ ] down dude, what the [ __ ]! You don't put a giant annotation over the videos. You see this [ __ ]. This is so infuriating. If you try to click it deposit, it takes you to the YouTube charge, Wendy, how you doing get the [ __ ] out with this [ __ ], it's triggering I'm, not doing good Wendy. Could you put an annotation over the whole video? Take note of this I want to see your best. How you doing you understand hold on. Let me let me get my notepad okay. Alright, I'm gonna go back. You wash this [ __ ]. Now get to the end of doing you spread your bottom lip I'll. Do it website and you they loved it. She did it. I can't believe she did I'm a charlie. How much I feel like she didn't do anything to me. She doesn't deserve to be made fun of I'm. Just an [ __, ] I'm, a cynical piece of [ __, ] I, find people who are happy and having fun and not causing harm in the world and I [ __ ] ruin it. That being said, how you doing something like that? How was that I was like a four out of ten. Well, it's my first time but anyway, like basically Wendy Williams is my inspiration for whatever show we were cooking up: I love, it I love the daytime, TV [, __, ], I love the DES squealing housewives and the free the fetish sizing of like putting free cars or whatever, like free. There's this one clip of Tyra Banks they'll, never forget of her. Like she I swear to god. She passed out like um like her like Vaseline, just Vaseline and everybody's. You have to watch this to believe it Tyra Banks Vaseline, look at this [ __ ], it's on real. She lose her damn mind. Cuz. She gave everyone a little tub of Vaseline Tyra tonight, Tyra actually fascinates me too I needed a senior to compare her shoulders straight. We honky boys I, brought out these very special boxes to our studio audience and inside the boxes is my SuperDuper, no felts gettin saving eye on anything crazy, [Applause], yes, getting caught up in the frenzy Oh getting caught up, I'm getting so caught up. This is like Oprah car giveaway, but they've literally, look at them, [, __, ] sure. What's in the ball, it's a tub of Vaseline I, [, __ ]! You not it's a part like how much could that cause they're happy. This is like petroleum look at look at this exuberant. This has to be a parody right. Nope, it's pirates, terrible! You get the cream. It's like listen, I, know: Oprah did this! She actually gave away cars. That's exciting! It's a tub of Vaseline! It's just this! This thing of, like I, got something for free I want to do is I want to do like um, I, don't know. If I should we talked about my show ideas publicly about whatever there's a see. There's like a hypothetical see. This is all copyrighted, don't steal this [ __ ]! Alright I want to do like um, the under the seat gag, but it's just like garbage like actual garbage and then and then like the janitor, comes through with a plastic bag and everyone throws it in the bag. Is that funny, like a ice cream wrapper, look under your seat? The janitor will be around please. Please help us clean up the studio from last week's performance, just like a gag every time, but I just look at this [ __ ], you get a tub of Vaseline and you get a tub of mini tub of Vaseline I. We couldn't shell out for the big ones. These are the travel sizes, [Music] [Applause] Tyrel you're worth like a hundred million dollars. You just gave away like a thousand dollars for this [ __ ]. Look at her she's losing her [ __ ]. Mind. Look at her! Look at this. Are you guys seeing this [ __ ] she's rolling around on the ground like she just found, God, Jairo, I? Think the crowd is getting concerned at this point. [Music] [Applause] [Music] wait it's bedazzled, oh oh dude, Azal weight is still even still. She says is worth $100 well, so there's like a hundred people in there. So what like ten thousand dollars worth tyrunt Irish, it's ten thousand dollars just a hundred bucks. Well, it's not even money. It's a tub of Vaseline that doesn't have reached sale value. You know it's not easy to resell. A tub of Vaseline [Applause], partially use only dumped in once only applied to my dry itchy [ __ ], once I double dipped, full disclaimer, your wildest dreams, your wildest dreams. How has this nut? Has this been parodied I feel like nobody's make appear to this stuff before, as someone else does, this I said, I feel like it's relatively original as I want to believe that this is a parody I promise. Tyra Banks stood I'm, not [, __ ] with you dude. This is real. This isn't a parody. Tyra Banks is not a comedian. She has go just to google and type Tyra Banks, it's in the lunacy after lunacy. Look I'll. Show you another one of her. She does this like fake out. She lies like a host on a reality. Show that just I mean she's she's man. Here watch this watch this and tell me if you think that that was you tell me that was fake top model or something so you've gotten this far. So is it? Is it hard walking into the judging room and I've been working so hard, I'm, so tired, guys, I'm, so sorry, guys, I, don't mean it y'all bleep in front of you, but I'm. Just so lightheaded you watching this [ __ ] passed out a stop model thing super concerned about her [Music] [Music]. Wasn't that so such a same thing to do they're like? Why did you fake that, like that's not acting you just like we were worried about you, she's she's, pretty nutty, no, that [ __ ] was real. So anyway, that's kind of like my dream. Right now is we're thinking about this whole Wendy, Williams, Tyra Banks thing little dr., Phil little Jerry, Springer sprinkle, some Joey salad on there and you got yourself some ranch and hey you got yourself. A show am I wrong, all right. Let's uh! Let's thank our sponsor today. Today, we think the glorious glories people over at seat, geek SeatGeek, is an app that aggregates tickets to live events from all over the web to make bind simple those bad timing, guys yeah like the call of Cola I, don't control it, but that clearly not a reflection on SeatGeek that was I just want to make a disclaimer. The burp was not that's not on the sheet. No, it's not on the sheet and it wasn't like it wasn't. An editorial decision either see keep seat. Geek is an app that aggregates tickets to live events all over the web to make mine simple. They put a 0 to 100 score on each ticket to let you know if you're getting a good deal or a bad one, green equals good and radicals bad in the app you can view seats. So you can see where you're going to sit. If you go to see geek.com or use the link in the description enter code, a ch3, ch3 and you'll get $20 off your first order. Click. The link in the description to download the app now seek geek is a it's actually a great innovation and and buying tickets online I love what they're doing with the rating of the seat, because they do it on a scale of 0 to 100, but you get the view from the seat. So, if you're like looking for a Dodger game or Kendrick Lamar concert whatever you, you choose your seat, you get the price, and then you get a view from the seat and you get to see where, like how far you are from the stage and how good your seat is. If there's a beam right in front of you, you know you didn't have that technology I went to a Dodger game. Once with my family, I was literally in front of a [ __ ] beam I'm wondering how the [ __ ]. Do you sell a ticket with the beam in front of it? Well, apparently, they do, and now we have the technology so that you don't get stuck with the beam unless you want it. There cuz I was scared of foul balls. When I was a kid I'm, not gonna lie my dad used to take me to Dodger games. All the time and I was terrified of foul balls, because he my dad the lunatic that he is. He was obsessed with getting foul balls, so he would sit us and like he would sit us infallible foul ball territory. He would specifically buy those seats and I says dad I'm, afraid, I'm scared, I'm, a child. There's projectile Rockets raining down from the sky towards me like several times every game at least I'm not I, can't even enjoy the game. I'm just paranoid, all the time he says shun shut up. He slaps me in the face. He didn't do that, but I was scared. My dad is such a lunatic. He actually got two balls, two foul balls pride out of the hands he's that dude, who prides the ball out of the kids hands in the video he's like one of those guys. Luckily, luckily we were going to two games before YouTube existed anyway with SeatGeek. You could prevent all that so use the code h3h3 if you're in the market for hitting up an event, a concert whatever you like head on over, see geek and use code. H3 tree you get 20 bucks off so support the show. Thank you to see King, and now we have with us almir from star breeze. Who is the I? Guess the marketing director over there he's the one who set up I, don't know if you guys heard about the DLC for payday to payday - gosh such a huge game. It's been, it's still like allomere was showing me right now. It's like still like the number five or six most played game right now, on Steam, after, like five years or four years and they're making a DLC where they're putting me and ela in the frickin game and basically giving all of the the proceeds to us. It was super nice. It was like a unbelievable, generous thing. I'm super excited we alum are you want to come in here? What up have a seat? So I was just talking about the payday DLC yeah. We would we I underestimated how many lines are in that game. Everyone does first, you don't thanks for having me by the way. Oh yeah, thanks for coming hello, Internet, the payday there's like a ton of custom voice lines in that and they're like yeah, like we put you in the game, will record your voice. It's like a whole cool thing that we're and I expect you to go in a couple times for, like the voice acting on, we must have gone there like. We must have spent like 20 hours in there yeah and the craziest part was like you have to shout and say all this crazy, [, __, ] and ela cannot raise her voice. Yeah cuz, it's a bank robbery game right, so you gotta yell, you know get the [ __ ] down right, get up right chase is in a pickle. You know these kind of yeah yeah, the one that we always said. The first one went there was just like scream as loud as you count dance tears. [Music]. You just have to scream everything cuz it's in a gunfight, yeah and so there after the first time, heals like I, can't do it I, just I. Simply can't do it, but why? Because she her voice was tired or just because she felt incapable she couldn't get into the character she couldn't scream. She couldn't raise her voice, yeah and so she's like just tell him just you. Do it I can't do it and like there and then you guys were really not sure like nah I'll just give a shot with a couple of different actors right and everyone, you know, have a different. You know challenge you know becoming a bank robber so and becoming a career criminal, but Allah I mean did by the way where the hell are you you know when and secondly, in the plane, she's gonna play no II, listen a plane that sounds like a new height is coming home. Yeah good for you, dude that she's coming home. I know it is good for me, trust me and but I was so surprised by positively surprised by I mean her her acting right. It's crazy she's yeah. She scared the [ __ ] out of me yeah she went from like I'm. Just tell him, no I can't do it to being like all right, I'm terrified, like her voice, acting skills, I, never heard her shout and you have some examples right yeah we do. Yes, here are do I. Have it are you yeah? We shared the drive with you yeah, so we have some sneak peeks stuff for you paid I stirs out there all right so hold on one sec. When we open this up, yeah, don't worry. So that's coming a little bit later in the fall yeah, our goal is to get it out the door as soon as we're done right, so we're recording. We recorded all the lines with you guys more or less. We might you know, do another recording just to catch up the straggling lines. You know if we have some new content that we need to match up or whatever, and then, of course you know it's about finishing up the characters. I think we we have some some images that you might chat. So this is me in the game, damn that is insane the Fupa and we're we're looking forward to hearing people's feedback cuz this the first time we show it in public. So this is obviously a work in progress like you can see the food, but you can see there I love how this suits the white gloves. Yeah well, I I'm, not sure what color they're gonna be in then, what kind of glow color? Would you like? They're? Usually blue, you're, white, okay, yeah, keep it classy, I! Guess, I get a tight little suit, like a magician like one of those old-school magicians with the white gloves right right, yeah make sure that all the pressure is on this one button for any hyster tuning, so I flew in just for this call for this realist yeah, just like from Sweden all the way from Sweden 10-hour flight here just for the these moments to get with you, Ethan and afterwards I'm flying straight to Zagreb to meet up with the line game line, the developers of raid, oh wow, you're, flying where dudes like that Bing creature, Jesus man I'm flying it's a lot of flying yet right, I think I got good stuff. So here we go. Oh that's, terrifying! Yeah! It's a bit terminator SQL! Isn't when you, when you match him up like that cela yeah, she looks she looks like a real hit. Man he'll is, is gonna, be the star of this game. Yeah I'm here just has a little side. Shell yeah! This is gonna, be crazy and we, you know paired with the voice. Acting I mean she's gonna, be incredible. Did your guys are incredible that yeah there are there so yeah, the PT crew is fantastic, I mean the developers are doing such a such a heck of a job yeah. They look like such a [ __ ] idiot. That's me, though, you guys took pictures. You rendered my body. This is me we put some white gloves on and we agreed on how you were gonna look and then we have the perk thick that we've been talking about. So the idea of the perk tech is that we wanna we wanna. We want. We want the perk tech that is, it's built around you guys, helping out each other, oh right, yeah so, and we had the document and people be able to see it in the past but or going for, but we this is obviously working progress stuff. The goal is to find you know, cool I setup, but yeah we'll see it was actually cool. When we weren't Sweden, we met more like well. Let's, let's figure this out together and I. Do you guys have something like this in the game? Works like a two character me Moreno, where you know this is the only character pack, where you get two characters for the price of one essentially, and we said we were gonna, stop doing DLCs and we're gonna. This is the final one and, like we said during star stream earlier in the year when we agreed on doing this cuz, this all started like a like a goof right, yeah, totally yeah. It was April, Fool's, total, goofy, yeah, and then people were like. We need to see Ethan in helium and first new people were like Ethan and then you know people like Gila, you know and yeah. Initially we were like yeah. Of course you know it's so natural when you think of it that both of you have to be in the game, yeah I'm so happy to hear both of you wanted to well I'm just excited because I think the characters are actually fun to play. Yeah, it's not just a memory, no there's some spoofs and a couple of booths in there as well. Of course, in this [ __ ] I mean I, haven't heard these by the way. Oh, my god, yeah I've heard any of these they're like okay, my god it was rough man. I was like okay. Can you? Can you just turn it up a little bit, I'm like to it dying, yeah turn it up again: shut up, -, no they're, not shout out to Oscar who [ __, ] torch, monster, -, more sound designers, he's fantastic! Well, don't ask her. They care taking both of these guys. Oh my god, I, don't even remember cuz I did so many of these hate control. I've been thinking. Are you in - boy bands? Should we start a boy band? What do you think just pretend this is relaxed hour and I'm? Not here, grab yourself a juice box and shut the [ __ ] up [ __ ] yeah. Now we're talking you're starting to sound like a real criminal I'm telling you all right now now - the real part yella, it's [, __, ] payday guys take him down. That's great! That's good! I love the intensity yeah! This just straight up: good, hey control! Um I! Had this strange dream. Last night I was some kind of a YouTube star. It's. It was weird, pretty crazy, a little bit crazy, but the cream. That's that's awesome and want to go shoot. Some Bradbury's after we get off work. Uh-Huh did I can't look down now. This can't wait to hear he'll is Oliver. Lions yeah just shut the [ __ ] up and lie still. Let's just I love it [, __, ], talk now and imagine no with the intensity of the music. You know the ambience and game cops all the gunfire and so on, and you hear these voices I mean it's gonna, be completely it's it's it's sick! It's dope! You get to hear yet ela scream yeah, it's crazy for four hours, essentially and then next up. Well, you guys just released a new game today, yeah, which is like the spiritual successor to payday 2, correct yeah raid World War. Two. You want to talk about that, a little bit, yeah happy to so rate world war. 2 is essentially a spiritual successor to payday mm-hmm, the creative director of the game, ilya petrovitch and his brother used to be a part of the overkill crew working on payday and ilya is actually one of the cofounders of overkill, so he's like Original Gangster and he's one of the designers behind payday in the franchise itself right and when we were successful with payday 2, and we decided to help him and his brother and create their own studio in Zagreb in Croatia, because they had this idea, this dream of theirs, that they wanted to create move back to their home country because they grew up in Sweden after the war in the Balkans in the 90s, and they had this dream that they wanted to move back to Zagreb and create a game studio, and we we loved the idea- and they pitched raid to us in the PT group than we were like they were like. We love this. These guys know how to make a fun game they do in Italy. These are guys who made payday. 2 has been like one of the most successful games ever yeah I mean Ilya. The creative director for raid World War 2, he was the lead level designer on both pay to the heist and PT 2. That's dope, yeah he's behind. You know no mercy. You know a lot, a ton of the different heists for practical of freaking game. It's exciting to get because I think is like I can feel. Like I came too late to the payday scene, yeah, it's fun to happening dude five years in resilient on the ground level of yeah. That's what I was like about like mmo's. So now you have a chance to like get in and from the beginning, yeah, and it's so great. You know for us to see it go live today. You know what a feeling you know, especially for the developers down crazy how long you guys been working on it a couple of years now yeah. So it's it's been a long time coming right, but you know the feeling you know we're so excited to see people jump in and to see the changes we've done from the beta, because during the beta we got a lot of feedback, a lot of critique regarding some systems. In the game- and you know the great thing about lying game lion and and and you know that the actually no spiritual spiritual successor part of it- really- you know other than it being a co-op multiplayer game. You know that it shares the same kind of intensity and adrenaline. That peda does is that you know these guys will listen. You know, just like you guys, listen to your community, the lion game. Mine will listen to theirs, you know and being a part of it from the get-go from the beginning, with a new IP I mean this is a. This. Is a brand new gaming, a brand new game design from these developers? Yeah, and you know they want to hear the feedback. So so there's a lot of changes, so it definitely check it out. Complaints. Everybody yeah, send the complaints, because we're gonna, listen and we're gonna, communicate and talk. Let's see, here's a trailer check it out: [Music] [Music], -, good old Nazi killing. Well, it is yeah it's set during the world, the Second World War. Obviously, and it's it said in the time when you know the Axis powers were still winning right, so you know yeah. So so you know it. The Allies are having a hard time and they rescue this band of prisoners of war from the Gestapo and the British intelligence tells them that if you seek Redemption, we have an opportunity for you. So if you want your freedom, you have to join us and and fight the axis and and- and you know, make life hard for you. No we're saying it's like inglorious basterds plus suicide squad yeah. You could say that yeah and it's inspired by a ton of other things as well. Yeah, so imagine you know everything that we've learned from developing pay day and making it into the coop hyster shooter fest. It is and taking it another shot at it through another game started starting fresh and so really excited to see all the people starting playing. You know, and people jumping on board, and today it's the PC Raiders you get to start and in a few weeks time in October, it's gonna be available on Xbox one and PlayStation 4's. One play between PC and Xbox I, don't think we're gonna focus on getting cross play in there. I always found cross play weird yeah, because I I think you know any any way you can get more people to play together is a great thing. So if we can, if it's a simple solution and it's easily implemented, then we'll definitely you know prioritize it, but I think you know with there's so many other things for us to do right now in the start of the post-launch campaign, so yeah we're excited epillow crossways always been such a weird thing: I, don't get it. How can someone on Xbox play with somebody on PC? It's like completely different. It seems that the PC player would have like a ultimate advantage. Now, in what sense you mean, would they have an advantage, sighs yeah? Well, you should see some of the console players. I mean they're, unbelievable with a hang controller. They think people can do yeah, I guess, but it just seems like a mouse. Yes anymore. The great thing about raid World War two is that it's a co-op game, so it's the players environment, and so you don't really have to worry about. You know if someone is better, then it's just like yeah yeah, it's everyone's on the same team, yeah kind of thing: yeah. It's like you know like a team kind of thing, yeah yeah. So it's a it's a it's a it's a mix between like an action game and it's at Oracle like it has a satirical comedic side to it as we got it yeah and we did some cool live-action, stuff. I. Think we're gonna really look at that now: John Cleese, apparently who's, also in payday 2. Yes, now we were joking. My colleague yeah we're, basically friends, yeah we're cool your best buds for sure you said he's gonna do lines about us and payday 2, oh yeah, absolutely yeah, we're colleagues yeah, so any hila cleaners out there have any any lines. You'd like John Cleese tell him then share it share it with us. [ __, ] like like slammed those Bradbury's that would be unbelievable. Yeah I get him to say that I we can try it. We could be like what the [ __ ]. Is. This no he's a great guy John. He it's been fantastic to work with both for PT 2 and as well as read about that on my resume. Actually, the game director, oh really, the winner, yeah very soon, you're going to be hearing about us a lot. So what this is giving an idea of level design and stuff precisely yeah, so I mean Illya the Creator director. He has an extensive level design experience right, especially from old-school games right. So it's a lot of emphasis on on the level design and making sure it's as fun as possible because we're all about the gameplay right, that's our biggest focus. If you enjoy playing the game, I mean just look at payday right. People have hundreds of hours, some people have thousands of hours yeah, and this is the same thing. We're going forwards. Raid, World War, two [Music] wait to get started. See you soon since easy. This looks, super funded, I might get into it tonight, yeah you should. You definitely should all of you should get in there fight the war. We need you on the battlefield should I be playing I'm gonna, I'm gonna play it tonight. Steely and fight the Nazis steal some Nazi gold and it's the perfect perfect raid action and high stinger during the Second World War is completely different from heist, and you know it 2017 year with in Washington DC with John wick, yeah, John, wick, Eli, Klein and chains, maybe I, don't know which other highs today I would want to join that mix up well. I wish you guys the best of luck. Thank you, dude I'm. Looking forward to that DLC, it's gonna be so much fun for people to play. As me and ela I'm super excited, it's yeah, it's gonna, be it's gonna, be a lot of fun and I. Think people are gonna, be positively surprised, you know, and how how serious you guys took it ya know. So it's so easy to say, like these guys are just screwing around you know, but you guys who really really took it serious and it's gonna be really exciting to see how the peytie community reacts to it. There's a lot of laughs in there too, like they gave us a lot of room for improvising and just [ __ ] goofing around. So we had a lot of fun yeah, it's gonna, be dope cool, all right, cool thanks man. Thank you. Thanks for stopping by thank you appreciate you, god bless you and Papa bless ya. Thank you. Let's see what's out on the peanut gallery, let's see here, stand by we've got monkey hey monkey. What up? How are you I'm good? How are you I'm, good dude? What's up I just want to know since I know that you play guitar I just wanted to know, have you ever considered trying any other instruments, and do you have a certain instrument that you would like to play in the future? Oh well, thank you for the question appreciate you problem in well. I don't play guitar I! Guess he's talking about like [ __ ] matzo I used to play guitar when I was in college I used to make I used to goof around on the guitar a little bit but I'm not really a serious musician. I love music, but I'm, not very good at playing it I wish I always wish I played piano. That would be pianos by far the coolest instrument. Let's take one more from Big Tuna big tuna Jake. What up doggy? How are you I'm, good man? How are you so I wanted to ask you? You know I've heard you mentioned before that you know some of your your creative inspirations, but I wanted to know you know growing up. Did you have any you know big role, models or heroes and how did they impact? You know, visions you made or or just your childhood in general, hmm cool thanks for the question, yeah god I, don't think I had any role models growing up, I! Think! That's why I'm so [ __ ] up? Does everyone have role models? Is that something that people have? Did you have a role model Dan a role model? I mean yeah, that's I know some people have it with the like I loved this person, but I don't know that I had a role model. I just played video games all day, I didn't do [ __ ] I was like. What's your role, I'd have I'd be a better person. If I had a role model, I wish had a role model all right. No, not really. Let's see what do we got, you know, can exercising a lot I've been talking a lot about like depression and she'll like that, like just being sad and I, don't know, I've been I've been hitting the bike lately that [ __ ] really works. Man. It like I, did read a study that, like people who take antidepressants to get rid of their anxiety or depression, that exercise is actually statistically the best treatment for like depression and anxiety compared to antidepressants it's better and it makes you know it makes sense like your physical appearance is so tied in with like how you feel about yourself. If you just are like a fad, Oh like I, am that [ __ ] really like gets it gets in your head. You know, but just the act of exercising - like I'll put on TV hit the bike. I know it just gets my mind off. It's like a good outlet of energy, so I just think everyone out there who's who's, feeling kind of who has those feelings. I. Think most of us do. That exercise is so important. Dude I want, like 10 years of my life, without [ __ ] doing anything. Basically, just like sitting at an office come home sit at a computer sitting at a computer for like 16 hours a day. They say that sitting is the new smoking that apparently, like just sitting like we do increases your chance of death by the way. I love that phrase they don't say what up, because there's just too many options increases chance of death by like 30% sitting is, though, kind of sucks. What there's no buzz? It's not worth it. Apparently I will some people who exercise say they do get a buzz. No I meant from sitting. Oh man, it's okay, yeah I would rather [ __ ] smoke. That's true! Yeah! You don't get a buzz from smoking, though you mostly just feel like [, __ ]. Oh, that you smoked for it. You smoked. You know. I spoke for 10 years goddamn. Did you get a buzz? Maybe like the first time, I mean yeah, you got a nicotine buzz a little bit, get a little [ __ ], hey how you doing yeah. Mostly it's just the inverse, though, where you feel like [ __ ], when you don't have it. So, although you're vaping, now you your boy, are you getting more you're getting more nicotine now than you were when you were smoking? Probably, if you hit that vape pretty hard I hit it a pretty good amount, but I used like the lowest nicotine count so I, don't know how that equals out. Vaping saves and parents and sitting kills. So that's right, I'm just saying I'm, we've talked, you know: I I get a lot of emails from people who are like I'm depressed. You know that conversation. You have was really interesting. A lot of stuff like that. I'm saying man you gotta, like gotta, take action. You gotta like take [ __ ] into your own hands, cuz, so easy just to lay lay down and feel like [, __, ], sad and despaired just go for a walk. Man go for a run. Do something with that energy? Did you uh play sports growing up sports, not really like Little League I did a little I did a little Little League, but I hated it I [, __ ] hate it I didn't wanna, be there I want to be at home playing EverQuest Oh, [ __ ] a to talking my language um. You know: I played water polo a little bit in high school, I was fit boy, I was tan and I was fit and friend fully virgin by the way. Not damn I was a straight up, but I looked good as hell boy. So anyway, I don't know. I was just some thoughts. I had on that. This is exercising this morning hour on the bike, watching killed a kill by the way. I know I'm late to that game. Killa kill this anime I, don't know. If you guys seen this, it's basically just hentai, it's like straight up porn, the show is really good. It's got this come it's an anime. It's got his completely nutty plotline about like different clothing, giving you superpowers and [ __ ] like that and I know it's like meant to be a parody of anime in a way, but it's like straight-up porn, dude I, totally on it, like I, didn't, really understand hentai, but now that I see that, like kids, grew up watching this [ __ ] like if I was 13 watching the [ __ ], who oh yeah it was Sailor Moon [ __ ] was was that hot I haven't watched, Sailor Moon! Well, it's not like Dan with kids are rocking these dandy dance, jerks, [, __ ] many times to Sailor Moon by the sound of it. Oh yeah, back in the day when, like um [ __ ] were desperate back then boy, no internet. You would like there'd, be like a commercial where, like one girl, has like a little more cleavage than normal and you're, like oh [, __ ] waiting for that commercial to come on. You don't care about the show you're just like dude. She, it was rough back then, but get a catalog of like Victoria's Secrets and the mailboxes. Don't know I'm telling you man I, remember when I was in when I got dial-up I was one of the first people with dial-up internet I would sit. I know this is a joke, but I swear to god. You would sit, you would go to like boobs, calm cuz, you were like 12 and then you would pull up a picture and literally it would take like five minutes to look in my line. Yeah so it'd be like you'd see her face, you like she's cute, then you get to the cleavage. You don't even know. If she's naked, you have to wait, yeah she's, a she yeah, that's that's! A new problem. I feel, like that's a whole nother issue that kids are dealing with these days. The world is changing anyway. I just the I am, she seems, like people were to press so much these days. You know I was talking to my friend a good friend of mine and he is very successful and what he what he chose to do- and we were just like did why, like this, is like what the [ __ ] like. Why aren't we like happy all the time I y's are always like some kind of like FOID right? It's weird, it's like there's, never, there's never a place for your like dough, I made it it's all good, forever, I, don't know. One of my theories is that like well I'm, not like super depressed or anything I'll, just say that it's just something to think about it's kind of interesting. It's like I've achieved beyond my wildest dreams. Four years ago like this, is all I could ever dream of and everything I ever pursued. It was like always something else, but it's just like everything we do is so unnatural. It feels, like you know, like real [. __ ], like real human biology, is to like [ __ ] pick pick cucumbers from your garden and [ __ ] feed your kids and [ __ ] like build a house or some [ __ ], but like we like I'm, just saying like that's real [, __ ], like that's, that's the problem, that's like what we're geared to be like satisfied by yeah not are all of our lives are so natural, like I'm, some [ __ ], who sits in his room and films itself, puts it on the internet. Like that's just it's a weird thing to do. I got to build a house, something we'll never do it make a cucumber. You know it's all. It really takes. You pick cucumbers. No, it's pickable, yeah yeah! You could pick a cucumber so anyway, he's just a whole [ __ ] thing I got a bunch of videos here, I want to watch this [ __ ] was [. __ ] was mad. Macy gray. You guys remember this lady macy gray, Louis, that's his song. She had she's trying to say goodbye, but she chokes mm-hmm. So anyway, she put on this performance and this some of the footage came out. I was just like damn [Music] come on. Apparently she came on like eight hours, late drunk as [ __ ]. Can you imagine paying for that feel bad for her, though go bad for everybody. There misty just screaming boring twitch at real life, yeah yikes. She was hot [, __ ] for a minute, I, don't know, I didn't realize that she she fell off so hard. She was. She was huge for a minute when I was I. Don't know moves that like the 2000s yeah early 2000s. Well, she was kind of one hit, though right yeah, it's funny used to always joke with post Malone about. He was like I'm, just a one-hit wonder when he just had white Iverson and then he had like congratulations like I'm just said, to hit wonder now he's killing it dude I know. If you guys have checked out his new single rockstar, it's killing. He broke the iTunes streaming record for the first 24 hours, our boy postie. Isn't that insane supers happy for him, BJ Paul, even yeah, well yeah! If jake paul drops his at the same time, he austin won't have a chance in hell. He got lucky on the timing, but it's number one across the board. I, don't think I can play it because I'll get like copyright strike by the whole freaking the whole music industry, but check out posts. New single Rockstar, proud of his ass I'm like dude. That's three hits that's legit, so you're pretty much just a musician out. Yeah you pretty much just a musician at this point. God went down this whole rabbit hole here of a saw this thing on reddit and as someone who used to be a server for two years, it was absolutely horrifying. This server is walking with hot pot. You guys know what that is. It's like super hot [, __ ]. It's like some Japanese thing, I think I, don't know where they just Smeg a boil all this [ __ ] in a pot and then bring it to the table, got it these restaurant accidents freak me the [, __ ] out, it's like so senseless and random, and- and it's like nobody's fault, really I mean [ __. ], like here watch this like oh [, __ ], oh [, __, ], dude, just slips went on that little kid dude just slips and just [ __ ] whoa, that's disturbing! It's yeah I think this happened in China holy, but it's like. What can you do? What do you? How do you, apparently so I was reading like generally speaking, it's a good idea to put your kid on the inside. I knew I, wouldn't ever even think about that I guess as a parent. You learn about all this [ __ ] I. Don't even keep playing that for you guys, but it's like what the [ __ ]. Can you do? Sometimes life just comes out you and drops a hot pot of [ __ ] boiling oil. In your face, you know reminded me: I'm just got serving is the worst job in the world, but it's not that bad, because you me and Dan we're talking about the other day. It's kind of the worst job, but not that bad, but like [, __ ] like this can happen just some guy working, a deadbeat job and all the sudden you like ruin some kid's life I had to uh Heimlich somebody once whoa, really yeah. It was straight up. Choking. Did you save his life I mean? Did you get it out? I guess yeah. We did. He tip you nice. No, he didn't. Actually what a monster I know piece of [, __ ], what you she's she shove that yeah I can tortilla chip back down his throat, [ __ ], how the [ __ ] you're, not gonna, leave 20 percent. When someone Heim looks you you're like dude listen. This is not my job description. It was like percent tip yeah. It's pathetic. Did you say anything? No, have you ever said anything about a bad tip? No I! Never did that I mean not to their faces. Some people do that. It's a bold move, yeah I mean I had all these like dreams that he felt last week, gonna just blow up in people's faces, but you know what you just move on: yeah, it's better to move on in cases like that, but anyway, you've got I. Just went down this rabbit hole of all the spill [ __ ], and it happened to me once where I was serving a family and I had like a tray of beer of like pints of beers and tall glasses and I, was leaning over serving them and I and I spilled an entire pint of beer on a little kids over his head and they were pissed and it was super like it was awful. Imagine if it was like boiling water watch this PSA this is, it does not [ __ ] around. Apparently this is some work safety accident PSA in Canada for Bennett guys these do not [ __ ] around yeah. They really they really get you with that. Huh. Let's see you have to laugh, it's just so absurd, but it's powerful. It's like just put down a mat, definitely gets the point across the fact they showed her like skin boiling yeah yeah. They didn't shy away from that I loved the whole I was gonna get married, but now I'm a monster. A little extra tape there for all you guys who work in restaurants little something to take line appeal that guy like ducks down like he's under fire in a war zone. It's the deck, there's a there's! So much here's another one! Oh god wait! Am I pulling that up holy [, __ ]? That's the wrong one! Look at this [ __ ]! Look at this dumb, ass, [, __, ] dude is pouring hot grease into a bucket in the middle of the [ __ ] walkway, and this poor girl slips on the grease. Look at he's like smiling: oh, my god, McDonald's we're dreams where dreams come true, I'm taking one a happy meal with that third-degree burn gotta be safe out there guys seriously. Now you guys remember the McDonald's coffee thing. I found this really really interesting. Okay, this is kind of a shocking image, so I'm just gonna. Warn you now, but I remember, you know you guys all probably member the McDonald's lawsuit when the lady spilled the hot coffee on her thighs and everyone was goofing on her like. Oh, this is a frivolous lawsuit. I can't believe this woman's getting millions of dollars. She spilled coffee. Everyone knows coffee's hot right. You remember that [ __ ] down yeah yeah. It was a so everyone's clowning on this lady. Meanwhile, this is actually the I'm warning. You know this shit's [ __ ] up. This is the word. This is what happened to her people, don't actually realize that they [ __ ] this poor lady up like third-degree burns all on her crotch like she got destroyed the worst and the worst part is everyone in the media is like. Oh, this frivolous lawsuit like [ __ ]. This lady lie back verse. Mcdonald's also known as McDonald's coffee case was 1999 product liability lawsuit. That became a flashpoint in the debate in the United States over tort reform. She was awarded three mmm to a 79 year old woman who suffered their degree burns in her pelvic region. Apparently, she only won after some back-and-forth 640,000. She was hospitalized for eight days while she underwent skin grafting and required two years of medical treatment. That shows cost more than 3 million. To be honest, I think it said something: medical care, yeah I, think it said it cost like a million dollars actually in the medical care, but like um, yeah I, just I when I actually looked into that because I remember my parents, talking about that and everyone making fun of this lady when I actually saw the details of this I was like holy [ __ ]. This is completely legitimate. Abc News called it the poster child of excessive lawsuit. But you know what I mean: I got a tip the beanie to that lady. She raised a lot of awareness about work. Space work, space, awareness and stuff I mean that hot coffee should probably saved a lot of uh. Save some lives, possibly anyway. I want to give a quick shout out at the top of the show here. The bottom of the show here, you guys know this guy this guy, who makes all these awesome remixes and our at the beginning of the show and for a music. This guy cool songs, I want to give a shout out to this guy man. He makes the best [ __ ], music, [Music] [Music], but like what's, he may famously made like Ethan trap. Berry he's made like all these amazing songs. You was here yeah. We got like five of his songs yeah on the playlist, so people always asking like they want to buy the song they want to know. Where can they buy the song, get like a playlist or some [ __ ]? So anyway, I just I said: hey put together an album for the people. So if you guys want to support cool songs, there's a link in the description you can buy a it's a 10-track album with three bonus tracks, with all your favorite spoofs and gifts and laughs, and it's available in the link in the description. If you want to support this cool dude, cool songs- and here, I'll put it and yeah I'll put it in the chat - here. Let me spam it. There, anyway shut up - that guy he deserves some love. Man he's been grinding for us for he's, been grinding forever for us doing: cool ass, [, __ ] and not getting much love, so god bless him out there because editing is on point -, it's hilarious, always great! You know, I was talking to him, he's like the songs, I cook up immediately. The editing is what takes him forever yeah his his clips are awesome, he's got steve-o, thickness, humongous and, of course, everyone's favorite anal. So anyway, yeah I've seen enough people asking that I thought it'd be cool. All the all the proceeds go to him by the way. So, anyway, I'm gonna keep it brief. Today, eal is back tomorrow. Thank God. Somebody needs to change. My dipey and I could do in that minute. When I'm done, he doesn't get paid enough for this [ __ ], literally and yeah. This Friday tune in it's gonna, be a great episode. I have so many questions for these guys, I'm legitimately excited who's, the guys uh. That would be this Ethan some time he says. I'm, Doug, Doug, Doug, I'm, Ethan, Bradberry mo and in an end like six font. Is this little short brief little hey how you doing it's gonna be good I'm, I'm, I'm dying out here: solo I need to side. I need a side. Lady she's rough I'm tumbling out here, like a [, __ ] tumbleweed from the Wild West, sad lonely. Try so got you on the wide. Oh yeah just mean look on the wide shot. If you don't believe me, I know, there's a huge empty room so anyway, that's me holding it down so low I hope that you know it was all right for you, it's my last one anyway. Thank you, everyone for watching. Thank you for letting us be a part of your Tuesday. God bless your Papa flush. It thank you to everyone who subscribe on Twitch, take it to our sponsors and looking forward to seeing you guys on Friday super super jacked. So until then, Papa bless preciate. You bye.