What up pimp and welcome to another episode of the h3 podcast alive catch it every Friday at 3:00 p.m. at twitch.tv, 4/8 reproductions here to date, with eel of course, but, as importantly here with Eric common etiquette, what up ping thanks for coming and Jack, hello, hello, Oh, Jack's, film, hello to wonderful youtubers, who I admire very much and I'm super super excited to have here with us. We've got cigarettes on deck I'm, not a smoker, but when people bring cigarettes I, sometimes some of them kids don't smoke. It's horrible. Have it. We've got some Rose day. Compliments of Eric sparkling rose, a sparkling rose, Arafat, see where the fell. Okay. So anyway, thank you guys for coming, really excited yeah. Let's just actually almost I mean really I realize there. You should probably fill more because I'll just keep going here, don't go hard. Yeah everybody get a little bit more than one more to the UH to the emoji movie. Oh thank you! You're the emoji July 28th 7 days, guys absolutely Cheers, plancha salud luck! I am all of them school there. It is. So how are you guys doing? What's going on what's good baby? Ah too much man just uh, you know I'm struggling to stay relevant on all the all the social medias, not eternal struggle, the eternal. You know you always have that that fear in the back of your head, like Oh, a Scottie one's gonna happen when am I. Just when are people just going to turn off, you know when, but the thing that bothers me about that question: I, don't do it. Do you feel that yeah oh yeah cuz like well you've been around for a while too you got wool you're you're like them. Actually yeah! You guys have books in around forever. I think the first youtube video ever put up was in 2007 yeah. Before that there was like I think you could only make a video like 5 minutes long right. There are times earlier yo. So that's the thing attrition me out about you is that you're, the salvia guy I'm, always in the shadows, but like because you were a meme. You were like one of the original internet, memes yeah I'm, the deep state of YouTube you're, your teacher, the dark web yeah. I'm on behind the scenes, so like Joey salads, all those guys all comes back to me. If you follow the money money at all these back to Eric, but he would, if you guys, probably seen this smoking salvia meme and when I met you and I started watching your videos became a fan. It didn't click right away that you're that guy and I was like what the [ __ ] I look a lot different I'm, not a young man and I feel that I feel that. Well, it's also a big departure to I mean you have the salvia vids, but then you're. This total 180. With the comment etiquette. No there's no relation I, don't really play for girag. You should anybody during that's right. So this is common etiquette. Is your your body on alcohol and it previously is your body on salvia I'm, doing I'm doing a real trippy like human experiments using that walking how's it going good I shouldn't pause this area. It's going good I! Believe that see my doctor, but I am fascinated by this eternal struggle to stay relevant on YouTube, because I feel that all the time yeah and the thing that drives me crazy- is that I never know if it's my fans, that don't like me anymore or if it's YouTube's algorithms yeah doesn't like me anymore. That's the thing that drives me: [, __, ], crazy. It's impossible to keep up what honestly I can't keep up with the algorithm anymore. I just tried to make stuff when I can as frequently as possible yeah. You know that's just and like it, because if you obsess about the the algorithm and the numbers, you will never live in it, you will absolutely go insane so I, just don't that movie where the guy starts, seeing like circles everywhere, then they're an auskey movie about pie. Oh wait, hi pop hi yeah, yes, the one with the Jim Carrey. No, it's the number 23, oh yeah, that yeah that movie hilarious. You can just kill there. One of the best carry okay, you put some mask on and everything's green I love and I love. The double feature that movie with the emoji movie possible I mean nothing stopping you, man, ah well I, excited I, know the deeper I get into YouTube. The more I found out like some really disturbing [ __ ], from like some people high up on YouTube, that I honestly can't even say but they're arcs I can say that they there's an invisible hand, pushing content and suppressing content. I can say that that's the thing that happens on YouTube I believe it basically what admit it. They will never admit, of course, of course, but I think anyone who's been on YouTube for a long time. Yeah I agree, you know I'm getting slimed out of here. Absolutely it's just all about I mean like art, so you've been around since seven. Oh six, it's just all about like how can you like? How can you adapt? Obviously I know it's cliche, but it's all about adapting is changing and it's making sure that you don't lose your personality in your style, but you mold it to contemporary trends. What I want to say trends, but you have to mold it to the tastes and the formats of today, because videos today are way different than what they were five seven ten years ago, yeah I've noticed that your contents changed a lot over the years. I sure have is that is that a conscious effort to like switch with the with what you think works on YouTube? Well, it's it's! It's a and B a lot of it is yeah merely trying to catch up, but a lot of it is also like what I think is funny is so what I think is funny today, isn't necessarily what I thought was funny. Ten years ago I mean like who here hasn't you looked at their own content from years ago and cringed and winsome? That's not funny visible right. You know, you'd, see that look and go well. I would do that differently. Yeah! That's how I feel you know and I get every single I've been getting this since 2008 nine I missed the ocean. I was in automating a Tele, a cell phone, my patience for you yeah, because that's that's I! Guess that's something that any youtuber gets everything they want free for a couple years. A question is how long you get it on an old timer, so I can get it forever. Yeah you're really smart about when you're doing the daily videos, the IE yeah I. Don't do this daily anymore? No, no I! Can't! Because if I do that daily, then I can't do anything else. If I can't do anything else, then I create I. Do not comprehend how much [ __ ] time that must take. It was joking. All of it is just in the editing. You know it's just a tedious chore to edit, because it's all like timing, timing, timing, timing, timing, you know it's not it's like you're clipping frames. You know frames to make the joke work. You know you think, a joke that maybe at 50 and with the timing, you can turn up to an 80 or 90, but it's all about just the editing so that that was the hardest part, but the rest of it wasn't that difficult. It was just just the being consistent about it, which I suck. At generally. There was a window where I was I was okay yet and then comedians aren't known for their punctuality. They're, not they're, not a meant that I like to sleep in and do whatever the hell they want for a week or something to do right. Oh yeah deadlines, yeah yeah 72 years ago, speaking of which, how long's it been since I got a haircut. I, don't know I, just don't have the will to cut it. So what does our times? Think you I like nice, make an appointment. That's it I'm there I made like I, get it that's right! It's going to take like two hours of my day. I could be playing video games. I could be napping, I'm, walking, you're saying you get it, but it looks like you have a pretty good clean cut there. Jackson. Ah man I, don't know! Then you get my own okay, good, yeah, [, __ ] it. What you know I mean he's got a guy that comes over wakes them up. I'd, be here connecting royalty over here. That's right! That's what I am Eric YouTube loyal, good yeah I'm, the guy who cuts it. So I should it's really good money? It's kids way better than my clicks per minute or whatever called your Adsense today is well giving it up. Erica yeah. Can we get a beautiful tight shot of? Oh no, it's kind of God kind of gone, sorry era. It's like salt and pepper. Now. How long ago was you got 19 months like extremely that thing really fell apart, I know: yeah yeah I can't even spike it up anymore, because you gotta maintain Ludacris. Oh you got to maintain. Maybe that's a high Oh Nathan aside and like it's all brown on the bottom. Now Dan, can you can you pull up a picture of his original pineapple cut, yeah, I think just to get over for and after Google like Eric pineapple boy on the pineapple boy, I'm up, it's the worst superhero in the DC Universe yeah yeah I know what only had a couple of issues before they pulled it. He was easy. So what was that saga? If for the people who don't know, oh I made a Kickstarter that was intended as a joke but like fingers crossed it would actually work where I asked for some like 2 grand or something like that, just to drink wine and get a haircut I. Never that was a wonderful team at I was team and it took off if it ended up doing really well and I. Think that's where I realize like oh, this is what Kickstarter's for stupid, [, __, ] only honest kitchen butter, I've, seen because every Kickstarter I think you said in the video you're like it's all most of its fraud, all of its fraud. Every paper harder is fraud. Pretty much you're. The only honest guy was like gimme money. I'm gonna get a [ __ ] haircut and drink beer. That was refreshing. Why it was there why I who got sorry? Oh yeah, I, don't want be run big, wait, wait, wait hold on hold on camera hold on. Did you write that in the description do people know you're going to be spending money on beer, because that is a little bit better surprise? Oh, that is fraud. They're all frauds come on. Don't include that in this alright yo can we cut that out. I have got I've got lawyers chopping at the bit. Can we get on the kicks on the class action? Oh wait now. Can we see what dents and then are you pulling some up cause I? Don't see [, __, ], pineapple boy, Li! Let you do it alone. You need to switch. A danzig. Is your own computer? Alright. This was like this. There Eric Eric Eric I'm a pineapple I'm, a pineapple. Let's see if that was anything else thumbnail for it. Oh wait! Well, I'll tell you: well, that's the inspiration yeah yeah, that one's [ __ ] yo that one's that one thing we aim that's what Jenna used as the basis [ __ ]. Let me find your pineapple boy. You should just on that video hang in the top right that go, wait, yeah, the top yeah, that's what it was wait. Was it there yeah. There was a good like on top I, wouldn't that job yeah that one a couple piece. What did you make this pineapple summary? Oh I think this is from my subreddit, oh nice. There. It is surprisingly difficult to hold you should just up in the video they like they like to put up desktop backgrounds and see what have you my subreddit pains me all right. It's all it's my entire summer. It is like you don't think. Like Jax lost, oh, like every [ __ ] day. Do you know what dude you're, not the only one I everybody subreddit is lit, just like in Compton Civil War, yes, and it drives me, [, __, ], crazy, oh I've been trying to stoke the flames in mine you're like yeah. What it is, have you stoked it um? What do you do? Just making alternate accounts and posting obscene races? You know we're getting out of I find like our on your level. Where is the animus, oh, by the way I forgot to say so I'm so a little late, but this is owed is sponsored by Mia, STIs and audible. More on that later, that was supposed to go in the very beginning. Can we go back in time? Please pay out. So we could just say a bunch of really nice things about them. Really, oh yeah, no I'm gonna! Do it inaudible every day, I'm gonna read you them out. Okay! Wait! Not! Yet let us save it! Save it! I'm gonna give him a full reach-around, though, where is the band? Yes, one with the fertile text there and with Heather you, okay, the long-awaited yeah so Lou years in the Mesa? That's a lot of hair man when they do investing on my head. It's another dog yeah. It looked like it's all yeah that man was really impulsive. Yeah! That's what it is. It's not good! Hey! You got a new trim, oh yeah, there. It is. How does perfect? Oh that's a perfect shot. The bench uh yeah, UVI, affordable the types here in the back is really something. That's a that's a the tiniest wall, climbing wall, everything my expertise as tall as that wall climbing. Thank you. I think you just hang on it and wait till your arms get tired, a beginner's guide yeah while climbing this is how I got it grasp right, pegs that come out of the wall. So how much did you pay for that haircut? This haircut was you okay? Well, what did you raise for Kickstarter every, but it was yeah. The the haircut was chosen by one particular pleasure. He gave him six hundred six hundred dollars. Doctor I was nearly all of that know nearly all of that. No, she should be arrested for fraud. It was six honey here. There's a lot of materials that went into this they're, really expensive, okay and I'll turn it easy. What's that, if you feel that you were fairly treated, oh yeah, no I got a deal. Agile, hipper, uh I gave her a wine after hey I, like six bottles of wine and I drink one. She was like these are rest of these. Are yours I'll see you, you just left it yeah. That was which left the wine there. She was so cool about the whole thing, though yeah striking up a whole conversation, pletely happy with my own camera. How was that's cute I, don't feel like nice about it. It's almost worth the 600 she did. I was telling Healy. She did like a like a test run on a dummy head. Oh like oh, so that's right. Nice was a lot of hair on it until you haircut she like back down, there was let ground earth. It was like perfect. She like had the thing jeez she's, good, she's, working it like the all the stuff we were just looking at on Google Images, yeah I was like okay. How do I add a little bit of that is what giant and she left this little sluice in the front. Jenna Locke Jenna law, ello song, shout out for the pineapple Claire's Bobby oh go to here and get your own for $600 for Instagram Johnson, some like close-up pictures of it. She took some like oh cool. We don't have to keep going on about this. Well. I heard your question: oh yeah, like how many subscribers are you. It airs you're on 333, Milly, I, guess going back to the YouTube thing like you, your channels seems to be like criminally underrated. Alright, not underrated, but under view could be able love your content always see it on reddit, oh yeah, it's always recommended to me. The algorithm seems to love, because it's always on my home page and oh, how do I but I, don't know why? Why do you think your cello has been so so so bad at putting stuff up I think a frequency yeah? This could be a month where I just put one video up, and a lot of that is like I'm I'm not used to being self-employed for this long period of time, like I, think all of us when things started actually work, you may like oh I, could just sit around and drink and play Beatles 100 all day yeah. Why not and I think I have the opposite problem where it's like I'm self-employed, so nobody sits two hours and I. Think of it I end up working too much yeah I! Don't worry on my free time, yeah well, I think it shows I mean, like you know. You guys exploded like how many subscribers did. You guys have before I feel, like you guys, blew up like right around the time when you were leaving your multi-channel network. That's right! Some people, don't belittle your ends: yeah yeah, fullscreen and collective. Did you guys ever have experience with collective or fullscreen? No, no I'm with full screen now and I've? Never I'd. You know, which is had an issue with them. Yet was a copyright thing. It wasn't like was it anyway yeah? It was being stupid on you that happened. That was like two years ago, I go! Oh there's our first debt dominated reddit and I'd, like already the first time that we had anything like that. I quote yeah. What is happening? I say that was it was a huge piece of the puzzle being on reddit. Well got any people, people listening, who don't know who Erica's go to his general internet comment Erica and give me [ __ ] a watch because he is probably one of the most under watched per quality of content there. Hopefully, I won't have that as a award for long most underrated channel and use your belly laugh every damn time and asking at that tattoo covered up, though yes, this video was really good. Then this was a. This was a lot of fun. Just looking at that, hair I can't believe how much it's grown out. It's just anything she cut, like grids, are gone when it first started. Coming in there's like a little bit of brown, it was like like had more definition to it. Almost looked more pineappley, oh cool. What do you do now, because now you just look kind of like a school shooter, yeah yeah your face and you're, showing up at your one time, shooting up a theater it like I, look like a toucan I would like I should be giving nutrition effects on it. I'm like a another Kickstarter, you start up in other. Well, I maintain it yeah. That's all it is a long-term care coordinator, yeah yeah OPH, oh my god, Eric's hair patreon. This is a Molly. This requires monthly upkeep, oh yeah, and a timer for the current patreon I have I have to do those with a bald cap on because the hair has got its own layer. I don't want across the screen. Oh my god. I got ten on that our not donated on patreon, oh no hair, I'm, Andrea, okay, yeah I mean you're getting something there right. It's my favorite content. I mean recently appears anyway, so we can get more hair videos- oh yeah, yeah yeah. Tell me: what's your: what is the obsession with the emoji movie because anyone who's been following? You knows that you've been slamming the emoji movie or what? How long has it been? We are counting down, as it been seven months, even jacking, their [ __ ], and it's about the frequency you know shows but I feel like we can date the stupid meme of mine back to either late last year or early this year. Basically, that's when you heard you saw the trailer well yeah. They had like a teaser teaser. That was just like infamous. It really was one of most disliked videos on YouTube for its time, but then an actual trailer didn't come out till May and that's kind of unheard of for a for a July movie or for any movie really no trailers until two months before it comes out, was very weird, but that once the trailer came out seven later you already, you know that kind of kick started the whole meme of it really back in May, because that's when I did like a frame-by-frame analysis of right right, which was like an hour long because I'm pausing it just analyzing everything I know there hasn't seen very you know, observing the frame, and can you summarize your yeah it'll, take analysis it'll take an hour but um yeah summarized: no, you have to see the full things together and it's a feeling you can brush can't rush art. Not even my dad was like yeah I. Think I watched about 10 minutes before I signed up, and oh my god, that's impressive. What was the average was someone that god I wish I knew I didn't even bother to check. You know I just put it out there and let the world do what it wanted. Algorithm turned on you on that. Thank you, oh well, I hope so I don't want anyone watching the whole thing. Yeah tell me what what is it that fascinates you about the emoji movie and the movie about emojis? Yes, exactly just like that, Junaid amber I am the expert here and here's my breakdown, no I, just it's one of those like I, like many others, I, couldn't believe that a major studio, the film studio was putting a big. You know the huge amount of money. Do you know? What's the budget on a film preps, it's got to be 100 milli, hundreds of million, yet at least a hundred, and it's just the fact that it exists at all fascinates me look back gently they these just imagine like these. These, these these middle-aged. You know fat cats, just decided all right what let's tap into the psyche of Young America. What is what they want to do? What is why moat Mia my granddaughter she's always texting and emojis done good log. It right it will get TJ Miller will get a famous real actor and who was Sir Patrick, Stewart yeah. We were talking about that before we started, but the fact they got a night to voice the poop emoji I understand therapy rides the same time he's close to death. Do we really want this piece of work? You know he just recorded that like in [, __ ] car, like is in traffic on the way, a lot of us that do like Shakespeare on the park -. Yes, that was item I guess is jean-luc Picard here. This man has a legacy. I didn't know, not actually that it will be the pooping buck. A lot. I learned it. The thing that fascinate me is like this movie is just representative all the formulated garbage they're churning out it's like the emot--, the poop emoji wants to be a [ __, ] muscle emoji, as you think west, because they said you have to be a poop emoji knees like nah Doug. No, no, no, no, girl, power, no gene! This is your plot. The plot actually is that jeans was a mess, emoji yeah. What man, you know, yeah, you know I, say weird: cuz, CJ Miller has that voice I'm I can't do it. My buddy Brock. This is such a better TJ Miller impression anyway, he's the voice car he's the voice guy. He was amazing um, but so gene is a mess emoji, but he's good the conflict, the central conflict of the films that he feels all these other emotions, emotions. If you will and his parents, don't want to feel that, because his parents, which were also a mess emojis, they say, son, you have one job and that job is to go mad whenever playing the second block. He's not yeah he's not supposed to yeah cuz like good in collar bone. It's a story of empowerment, it's just um really arm and finding your own identity. They spread it yourself. People want you to be a man, but you're gonna be a yes, a party hat poppin emoji right. Or what have you wonder if the executives had notes on that and they're? Like you know, we make a lot of money off these emojis. Do we really want to? We really want them thinking for themselves, right, reg I, like really metaphysically, or we get negative on the emojis bad PR for the emojis or we make it all look kind of thinking. Oh geez are impenetrable to bad PR. Tj Miller really fought to maybe that he was an integrity. He did absolutely that's why you left Silicon Valley so that he could negotiate the scripts better too much on delay yeah. She led the that's right. Well, here's the thing that kills me: you know that movie is kind of kill it. I'm gonna kill it. Oh, it's gonna make a fuckload of money and there's no such thing as bad press for a film people are like you know, [ __ ] on it, obviously meaning about it. For half a year, it's going to just destroy the box-office, and that's the thing about like M night, like the guy, has made a career of the worst movies ever very interesting and who always makes money his movie darts, always well. Your avatar people hail it as the worst movie ever made crushed it. All this movies make money, but but here's the thing I don't think that wasn't like he had some great films and then a nice little plateau. He literally he's gone back. I see I did see his dude. Was it good? Yes, but it was good I've been found by his career because he started with such an amazing quote his first one was the Sixth Sense right semantics and it was like breaking or unbreakable, and then they look at a sign signs with, like oh, that was kind of bad that was kind of bad. It's like oh [, __ ]. Where are we now but I? Don't think I, don't think he's like an Ed, Wood kind of figure, like I, think he's had. He has a large number of bad films under his belt, but he's capable of greatness we've. Seen it and I think it's like yes, its bookend by like honestly split was fun. You know, he's still [ __ ] at writing. Dialogue. It's very. There are some cringing moments and split where I just went. Oh people don't talk like that, we're heaping a references and stuff. Yes, you know exactly what yeah it's like that that Kid movie he made kid movie the the visit that little kid keeps wrapping the whole movie and it's so unbearable. I forgot about that I feel bad for the actor I was like there's no way you could make this good yeah. This is destined to be bad, but that's what I I have doubt like when I go back and watch The, Sixth Sense, it's a masterpiece and I wonder: did he think I think what happened is that you had a hit and then they're like? Can you make more and there's a lot of money? So you maybe you rush out more movies like I, don't also trapped by his own gimmick of the twisted twigs, yeah I said yeah you're ready. A sixth sense is perfect, yeah and then unbreakable has a nice one and then it's and then signs what water and others cetera yeah. What that was one of the worst twists in any movie. Ever like my brothers, like a meteor like a amateur meteorologist, and he was completely triggered by that movie like money, the atmosphere is rockin, 50 percent water. Why would you invade a lava planet? I? Do I made a water glass nightly filled with lava people right essentially to that lava? Yes, it could spit at the aliens and send the women right. We were venomous today. A watery exploit water is absolute toxic poison. They have everything we need yeah. That was a lot of holes in that in that that gimmick, but I mean that I to to me without the gimmick you know and I feel like he was. Maybe he was pressured. I will never know, but maybe he was pressured by studio, heads and producers. Saying like look. We need those twists mighty. That's what that's your that's your stick, yeah, you know, yeah Hitchcock did suspense Spielberg did yeah, you know the Spielberg, your gimmick is the twist ending and he maybe you know he kind of wrote himself in a hole there as a trap. Yeah there's a thing about split. He actually I got to see it with Adam from your movie sucks. He was in town and hey shorty ain't yeah shouts to my boy that out and he's okay I got this ticket for this MIT move. You want to come, it might be hilarious and we were both walking out there like well. That was good right. There's a little talk from M night at the end where he was like this was based on something that I had written into a much older script, and he just like, went through his old files and found like I guess when you already had been yeah yeah destroyed by the the notion that he was the next Spielberg right right. Is they too had that there was like a cover magazine cover? It was like the next Spielberg yeah I think if it's got a question mark in the headline- and it's not know next Albert and then you put the pages but oh poor guy I mean what a headline like that. That's you up for so much I would yeah I would do the same thing he did I'll be like. Oh now, I got a suck Yeah right, like comenta kit, the next cutie pie and the answer to no. Definitely not. Although I got the hair for it he's a real heron, he got yeah. What did he reach it like? What it was? He went to yeah I think isn't Hawaii, he went kauai, he did kauai yeah a good look for you know yeah, shout shout Sam. What do you, what you guys have any view to conspiracy theories, uh, yeah, I know we were talking just a touch about this outside before um I mean judge, not really Road dish, I, don't know what are yours I've? Let's look kinetic I've talked about it so many times on the shy have so many gas various key theories. Well, you were you were saying that was really like this invisible yeah that yeah that's pretty much it, but I feel like every youtuber I talked to because you've been through all the ups and downs of like you know, not understanding. Why you're getting more or less views that there is always some you always trying to figure it out. So I'm always curious. If, if yeah I got why people have conspiracy theories, I think that all those companies pulling their ads was like a front for them just doing poorly money, saying, oh, you think they weren't performing yeah I, think they're all going to come back I even made a joke about that. Whenever they come back, if it was bad, bad fiscal quarter like I, don't think the ads are performing poorly, but I. Think that, like not enough, people are buying Pepsi these days wholly anti sugar thing and like look right, things have pulled out. There was like Pepsi coke McDonald's. Well, it wasn't limited at most telecom telecom. You know! Well that's interesting! That area, but I mean if you want to find anti FCC stuff on the internet, you're going to find a YouTube, video or somebody's like explaining why net neutrality is good right. It's just like I think that a lot of these companies were like. We can save a lot of money by just blaming this on Isis saying, like I caught a Pepsi I before an Isis video where they look. Are these Isis video right, I? Think what what yeah I've never seen whatever all one? Not all! So it's like! Okay, I'm! Sorry, your ad ran on an Isis video to a hundred people. You don't have to worry about them. Buying, coke or, like you know, ruin a girl, yeah I and it also Isis drinks. Coke too, on the other hand, like the suckers need to drink Pepsi right like that's a market, but the theory I've heard from people at YouTube yeah was that they just wanted to de go. She ate better race, they used to that's like leverage. It was like wow, Jen, again still something kind of ski me. It was definitely Syria right. It's not the surface, there's no moral high ground, absolutely not and the server the explanation doesn't really make sense. Really it doesn't where you guys hit hard by the boycott. I I think I noticed a dip, but it wasn't too bad feel it wasn't too bad. I, don't pay I, don't think I was able to like see because, like I said, I got a shitty upload schedule. So I was like that could have just been me because I put one video up that month. Okay I got hit guys. Oh they got me man, you good huh, stupid Pepsi. What about you? - I, didn't I. Luckily, for whatever reason, I did not feel like I said that family right well, I do I know about you, but no yeah. It's a little bit of that and I think I was somewhat protected by full screen as well. I think it was good yeah yeah so, but I still scared the [ __ ] out of me, so I said maybe like 80% down 80 from what it was until we all we [ __ ] and we were posting. We were on schedule so yeah, oh yeah, that's not that! When did you, when did you rally? What do you mean? I mean like I mean yeah well from the so you it would get it get better yeah. Well, it gradually got a ladder yeah like month or two past. It's probably it's probably added about, like 70% of where it was last year, which is like obviously, I'm really happy that we're just making moan you know again, but for a minute I was like alright well yeah time, madam [ __ ]. Let me grab just MC, hiring or yeah. That's the right of a sub. What do you guys doing? What's your? What's your guys, upload schedule these days? Is it once a week or a couple times a week or bury it Mike once a week once a week? Okay, but we also do this once a week right, of course, yeah different channels, but play it and the twitch and in a perfect world I'd like to upload like three times a week. Of course, I noticed you guys were doing we wear for a while yeah, which was blowing my mind. Cuz, you guys don't make the daily kind of content. I mean lies in like the cotton. It's not what you would expect to see three or four or five times a week, so that was well. They look unhealthy and that's kind of many was all we were doing like we yeah, you don't have a life. Yes, I have again totally get that so I'm, making a conscious, conscious effort these days to kind of balance, my work and personal life, because it's just not help are you like you have that you have that feeling like oh I'm, not [, __, ], working buddy thing to talk about that [ __ ] crime, though just which one just ride it off and drop your arm in the world. The rise of the colony. Are you guys following the rise of the poll yeah? What's gonna I, try, honestly I do and I don't I try to ignore it until it hopped up on [ __ ] motors wetter than I can't, but like otherwise, I am blissfully, really different. I tried, because because, if I do see it then I'll obsess ya over the numbers and then a variable again report, yeah I, know I agree to take Paul had in the past three or more today. Yesterday, yeah yeah, whatever you know, I know it is 80 million I'm a nanny kid you're, a sweet kid, a light. Sixty! Oh my oh you're here you you're sweet, try again, I, don't know the analytics guys. I do know one. Yes, 380 closer, really over four right: yeah 484 it 480 hours, all Daily, News I am up so [, __, ], glad I, don't have kids, so I can say about that. Yeah! That's why I said I really imagined like you. Your kids, like I, cannot eat a drink, Paul's house and they do and I do what errand your attorney on business on this wall. That's my thing. What happened to parents like forget about talking what happened to kids these days when I'm go to parents, business? None of us have kids I. Think we're under estimating how annoying kids are my god. I would be dead. You [ __ ], go to shake Paul, go and n/a exactly no way. Yeah go, go, go, dig up, their wall go destroy their house most this guy, I [, __, ] school. You shut up. Oh great, dad can't wait. The solution set up a webcam outside his house, actually awesome kids up a window that industry yeah before he does know, because you know he will come here for yeah come on. Please someone I love that idea, I, don't let's copy write that right now and sue in the fee. I'll put a patent on. Do it on live streaming outside Lamar is already going to have a whole channel Tim 1212. Well, we record the hotel. What do you think his daily grind? Is you need wakes up and he's like I just had an idea for a music video, no I, think yeah, there's there's shadowy elements on that whole thing: oh yeah, they have cheerio. Yes, sir, isn't he should present there? No, not Disney, that's a different name. No, they actually have investors and they have any yeah. There's huge investors in a whole business team on and is owned by some shadowy investors and Jake Paul I. Don't know how much Jake Paul does there apparently he's the CEO, and so what they do is it's like a incubation chamber for [, __, ], boys right of course, and so they bring them into the smell, so they buy them. They own these people, essentially like I, like here's, a camera, here's our your vlog! Do it daily. We own you do it daily. You know: they're, bang they're like you're a hot little twink, oh they banging the [ __ ]. Out of you was that guy, in the other really back to real and then jacob that you know what our demo, our site is actually what it's about right, that's kind of cold! That's how you'll know when YouTube has made it to the love of Hollywood yeah. The Jay Paul was sucking, smells, oh god, you're like all right. We made it guys reality the o-town guy, the guy who like founded in sync and all these boyband, oh yeah, a big fat guy he's a real he's, got a lot of rumors about him as well. He was way they suck and he killed himself. Why? Yeah no I think he did in jail. Low in jail, lose something right, really yeah the story with this guy. He was honestly okay. So he was this very sleazy. I, don't know what his role was in the founding of all these boy bands, but he helped whether it was a predict production or something behind the scenes. Hmm, but he kind of like helped build in sync and O'town, like making the band a big reality show from God the late 90s early O's. You know he was a key figure and all of that, but their ID Lance Bass. You know former NSYNC member once had a horror story where I think he went up to I'm gonna butcher this, but he went up to Lou and he and so lose like. You want to be a big star right. So nice, it's like I, guess and so I think he undid LuAnn undid his fly said you know what to do and just [ __ ] like that stories like that, are not uncommon with this character. So but then he was also running this big Ponzi scheme or some pyramid scheme, like The Bachelor course talked about it and there I know way too much about boy bands. Man, I, love it but I see a side of it. This is like oh yeah. There's this whole weird aren't [ __ ] the bachelor boys in their heyday. When they're selling out arenas and [ __ ] they weren't really getting paid, well, coordinate, not well I mean they were getting paid, but it didn't add up. It didn't add up it wasn't enough. Obviously, Lou was you know, kind of kind of holding on to something and then finally, it was revealed that you know he's running this big scheme, so they sent to prison and I think he died in prison and he was banging them. So he was scamming them I'm, not going to say banging, but he was trying metaphor again, literally yeah, you kind of banging them that's what Hawley was all about. I think it's a matter of time until that happens in like team ten or something no I right, you're right, not talking about the no I. Think you're right, yeah yeah, the pyramid, scam, that's pretty much, just what we're seeing that's, why I'm so fascinated by Jake and Logan Paul and Team Tennis, because I on YouTube has never seen anything like this before the right like Jake and logo, father like rapper status. At this point. Yes, they roll around with posses. They have investors as big. You know the investors thing is blowing. They do it right. Okay, they have like you've, seen the music videos like the originally the contents garbage but they're shot and edited very well built on the backs of a lot of people with like drones, for cheap mm-hmm yeah. Just like hey keep watching the flyer drone over my house and just matter what it's going to be beautiful shots I will give them, but that they have a team. They don't they. Don't you guys, don't edit anything, don't they probably didn't know if they don't know yeah I, don't know if that was I know. I was very dry but I'm actually surprised, though they don't know I shouldn't, be surprised, Jake ball. On recently, on his second general, he uploaded a reaction through our reaction to his video okay and when others like I, want to stress. But anyway, you reacted to videos about his everyday bro yeah and the way that video is made really shows you can tell his skill set they're, basically just sitting at a table. The sound is awful. It shows I'm, gonna, well you're, just watching the video on your laptop and there's no cuts. It's not even edited now. I want to watch. Oh that's disgusting forgot to edit out spark camera guy named Lou comes in, and you know what he everything all right. Fellas I want you guys to watch this, because we thought about in here yeah yeah I thought about making an HD video about it, but it was just so obscenely god. It's like it'll all be gonna. Make me down man, it's good I. Finally, get you well is this, for me is like a good insight to what he's actually capable joy, yeah content. Wise first off is really well lit. I, like their their idea board on the back, I mean the name of this test. Tube is trying to write a script. You reacted beautify bamaca. This makes no sense ready like a Mario level. He does on my dad. You may get it okay here it is yeah de now, that's some stupid hair. You know always think about Jake yeah first off, because it's recording the sound off at any louder. Yes, it sounds great things on your budget is showing I, don't understand. Why would they do that because he clearly synced the video up to what they're watching, but they took the audio in favor of a shitty right, so the room sounds like the microphone is like ten feet away, so good elected at every reverb be really don't underestimate the quality of a practical effect. It's practical effects, George Lucas review I, want to predict what he's gonna say: I want to predict what I want him to say something like what the [ __ ] is even wearing man. He looks like such a tool- man, he looks so [, __, ], gay, alright cool, so I can't really disappointed cuz. This is what he says this, what he says: oh so, so a jinx level of very actual reasons: cool cool god. I came in here. The V over, like all this debt is so bad. You forgot that this is being recorded. You just watch the videos so the bit the whole video is unedited. Not even a single [, __ ] cut I can't do that I mean you can well, you know. Jake Pollard's are the strongest in the world, but oh my man. So why don't you say? Did you have them all queued up and he's just like control, tabbing or oh I'll, be watching you say was Jake father new, oh yeah, let's take like ya know how to edit on all the quality goes in daily Paul one, that's higher! That's fair, not read that maybe he was just staring at your Oliver thinking, yeah. What overthinking issue yeah I got a million wife and comic comment. One I made sure but I think I shot this man before it will happen frequent anything correctional consulate, yeah I heard that you just say: I passed this man in three months. He did say that today, but I want to have a beer with him. He feels like really cool, humble guys, drink no I, think he's 100, kids 20 he's definitely getting banged by the way. If he's not old number drink, you so much banging him right area. Are you talking about an old man? Oh yeah, old man's back. You know what I love about Jake's SEC acts like he's a sex icon, but here's what I like I mean look at him. This might be below the belt, but the color. How he's pushing the air over his forehead like Sudha, knows he's going bald and it don't worry. Okay, you'll get hair plugs in three years. You can we completely Gauls, you know a little girl, you'll be fine. I'm bill cos frosty know a decent as a Ludlow. How [ __ ]? Dare you can't agree more and meanwhile good looking for just little while awfully what up hair, what up pay up? It's probably a low blow but I take some. How I revel in the fact that I know he's gonna he's already going bald, hey Jake. It happens to the best of us: okay, buddy, don't even worry about it. Alright, it's inevitable night, why you may want to brush that for yeah I'm, trying to I'm trying right come on. First of all, I think a receding. Hairline is dignified and beautiful. In your case. Thank I love you. What a lovely compliment shaken. You know you don't even have a receding. Hairline you got hair for days. I just got too much hair care secret, Oh, hair; okay, that's it that hair! The secret! Did you get? This thing? Is a curse. I, don't know you could shave like three pineapples in the mud very good, literally so a [ __ ] sweater from this I'm like a summer, her sheep issue, I, need to give it I need to get sheared or else has died. That's what happens if she they gradually do they let her see spec by the way. Oh, that's evolution like taking a wrong or Scott wrong. [ __, ], where's, God sheep. He abandoned them. Here's the surface yeah, but back to Jake Paul. What a what a charm! Anyway, we had a charmer I feel, like I spent way too much time talking about Jake ball, but it's like so fun. Well, it doesn't hard not to talk about it. It's like I mean it's a hot dogger thing like so it's not like yeah six months from now we'll be talking about someone else. You know the new. The next guy was well button thing I, always say about Jake Paul's like thank God for him because YouTube for me, as a professional, [, __, ], talker and complainer I was running out. The pranksters were dead. You know, I was running out of father people yeah exactly I'm, like oh kind of damn boy. You've got look at Renaissance 18 and is good, absolutely Christmas every day with him for every day. Bro. Forgive me, oh thank you. Thank you, but there's been some interesting developments. I want tell you guys. Well here we go so in his. You guys saw the news report where he was playing at you: okay, so now essentially, and his vlogs he's accused his neighbors vs. neighbors. He made a video apologizing to them, but he recorded it without telling them, and then he posted to Zoo cha. As you know, in California that's illegal right. They have a you can't you need their consent. It rank up with you they're in a video he didn't tell them. He didn't get their consent and put in as well the guy's such an idiot right. So now they're falling a eavesdropping complaint against them yeah and then now the same news guys is covering this story. Then it gets better better than in the next vlog. He says he accused his neighbor's of trying to kill him on. Ironically, he accused his neighbors of going up to their team, ten man and unbolting the tires that resulted in a crash. He says my neighbor's literally tried to kill me, even though there is that the titles that the UM, the title of the video, my name is literally try to kill. I wish it were her entity, he got some. The actual title was something like my wife is living me in parentheses, said I learn now by the way, many kids, that's the real cutter, yeah yeah, the new pain. The new thing on YouTube is like telling you what kind of emotions yeah right right or not clickbait as a hot one, not quickly just you know, that's run like seven. Ninety percent of my videos that are quickly list time, I'm serious this time, I thought. Oh, my GAD guys nicely played alright there's another I. Don't know that I can tell there's another thing, that's even better than that, but I'm think I can talk about it. Yeah we should. We should wait and see how things are you best? Yeah well done. Do that you yeah yeah I'll, see you guys off the water yeah yeah. Well, I'll tell you happen yeah, we can cut this short [, __ ]. It good loser, TGI, Fridays right on me and that's anyway. So that's up with me a lot of money. I was really fun. Little rabbit mole, oh yeah, I bet should so interesting. You know there's definitely like a click is sort of the reason people watch, TMZ and stuff like that yeah. Oh absolutely. We love to hang outside our world yeah, oh uh. They set their pool on fire, yeah yeah my neighbors. Never done that. Right right, the flames were reached higher than the house, which is [. __ ] kidding me yeah, more [, __ ] neighborhood man seriously. I do feel. How are you gonna end? The thing that, when he's like my neighbor's, tried to kill me to all the five million dumb ass fans who are even dumber than he is right, been jobbed, um, Jake, Paulus, divided by half? That's how dumb his fans whoa just half come on man a fraction, that's barely functioning! That's like that's like struggling to breathe! Well, what got me- and we were talking about a little bit about this beforehand- was just the fact that a he has his address. You know publicly available yeah, so it's a Google and look up and be that 12 11 10 year-old girls are outside it at all times, yeah at all times, that's creepy as [ __ ]. Apparently we got an email, tell nobody from the neighbor wait. We got an email from his neighbor or someone knows a neighbor and there was a quote from the neighbor. You know right, but no we got an email from someone saying: I know the neighbor. We live across the street from him and they're like I'm there right now. It's 12:30 p.m. and there's like 30 girls outside his house right now. Wait I, didn't read that I want that neighbor on yeah I did not just oh, my god so yeah their neighbors are losing it and the secretaries I'll. Imagine now that that's your reality yeah and now he's saying they tried to kill me and so imagine what his insane fans are going to do when they think that that person is trying to murder our Idol neighbors do they're going to vandalize their house. We can break the windows they made. They're, probably gonna kill them plan. How does he know that the neighbors did it? He doesn't the addresses public sign ages right. Anyone could have done any third address public. That's got to be the stupidest thing. I can do. That's pretty but sweet [, __ ] low yeah. Well, the funny thing is now I've seen pictures of that front of the house. Since all this shit's gone down- and it's just so vandalized yeah I know it's like graffiti on the garage for signing the wall and the themes on house. Yeah I think it's so the investors own the house right. So that's why they're not being evicted and that's why they're like I'm, good I'm, just gonna, flip and ship it or whatever he says my neighbor's hate me but I'm just going to finish and it we got a room in the back that we really need to host down. But don't that habit we're out of here! Yeah I, don't mean anything by that yeah Oh Jake knows what you mean yeah, but you know the whole thing is just it's fascinating. It's all new yeah, all wild, it's all! It's so much to [, __ ] keep up with because it's a new story every day every day hate that that's a mean. I, think that that is every day bro. With that gonna take Channel I get a song stuck in my head and pretend he never write. He will do that's why he wins. You know and I I, just like it very much -. He saw I use off the hatred he drives, which is good I, prefer that than getting defensive. No, it's healthy, I'm, just very healthy to thrive. I wish I could talk about that. Other thing: I'm not going to I'll, take a dump all right, you tzg! So what I've got a question for you guys to [ __ ] pivot, hard off the subject close the crease on me: let's take off [ __ ], a hard letter, yeah and hopefully not flip I mean for me YouTube such a emotional rollercoaster. Like do you have these? Like emotional ups and downs I mean it seems, like you you're just chilling you don't [ __ ] care about anything, yeah man, it's all big money to me baby well, but I'd like you've, been in the game. You up looks like very frequently for me. It's like this constant emotional rollercoaster trying to be like saying. I get like super depressed. I feel like bipolar, because you have like these super highs. When you have a good video that people like and do well- and you have super lows- you make a video that people don't like or you're, not posting enough videos, and it's like how do you navigate that space and say saying I struggle? Oh yeah I struggle with that a lot because it's you go through inspirational cycles. You know so it's like. There are some days where I'm really [ __ ] pumped, like I, got the best idea ever and I paced the house right talking to my girl, trying to flesh out the joke and rights and everything and how it's going to be edited and all that stuff and I know I'm, making myself laugh and crack up like. Oh, this is good I write down. Then you have the days where you got nothing you're running on empty. You know, and those days really suck and I'm like I, think there's not much I can do I scream at my poor dogs like I, said I'm, so happy that my fiance Aaron has an office job so that I can have the house to myself and just go bonkers with my just soul self conflict. It's a lot of self-doubt, too I've been working on this. This joke that I just don't want to film because I don't know if it's funny enough- and you have this self-doubt, like it's so weird funny, is it funnier on paper rather than if I flush it out and film it and stuff? And it's just all this, like I, keep saying self-doubt, because that's really what it is like I, don't know funny I, don't know if they're gonna think it's funny, so I don't do it, then nothing gets made and then and then you know, people look to stuff like we're book is yah and I'm like I. Don't want to make you doing [ __ ] me I want to make something that I was something different or sometimes I do want to make you hype. It's like, if it's an inspired episode where I'm actually putting a lot of energy into um. Like you said, highs and lows, ups and downs, there's I, don't know, I haven't found a way to like cope with I'll, be honest, I, don't there's no ego to solution where it's like? Oh I, know what to do. I, don't know what to do. I have good days where I'm inspired I have bad days, where there's just nothing in the tank and it sucks, and hopefully you have a backlog like well. Maybe I can upload a best-of something on those days, but it's there's no easy solution of. You know like thinking back when I worked in an office shop for five years, I didn't have these [ __ ] manic, you know Twitter is interesting, and then you don't you come home and you're done we're done on your day. I turn off. You know like everyone's, like okay. First of all, yes I'm doing my dream. Job Google, explaining right, yeah, unique I. Think it's important to be like this. It's not that I mean emotionally. It's really dad! That's the problem. It's more than complaining, and so you can kind of lose your mind. So, yes, you can in actually what we can fall into yourself. Yeah I mean this stuff pretty easily because there's nobody to tell you what to do. It's like I could fall into those eyes of your daughter here, - daily, a point of talking about yeah yeah you're, not real, you can't get realized. Oh man, they're powerful! Here you know tweet the Ted Cruz. Let's go! That's what you know where's my dance for me dance for me! Oh no! It is a thing though. Like um, you know you could do you could start having your own inside jokes or you're like oh people want these inside jokes amano-san yeah. But then, like you, there's other people who are like. Why does he keep saying the same thing right? It may Leah Nate's the new viewer and you don't want to do that, but you want to keep the old-timers happy. So you got include that right. Is this give and take this balance like comment and yeah all the comments. I mean I, get called a fat sweaty piece of [, __ ], but I know that they mean it with love. They I might stoke those flames. Somehow those moments don't bother me as much yeah, that's more like people, something like we don't like them anymore or like like this channel, is gone to [ __, ] yeah, that's the worse! Well, yeah yeah like who are they didn't bother me, but it does well. Those are in a sea of 15,000 comments per video or what have you? Those are the ones that it's sucking. They stand out. You don't have you know you don't ya know exactly because they're like for one of those there are 20 like a wheel in the illa I really got my life yeah. You help me find everyone huff time. I. Remember, though, if you remember, though, like man I, remember one you can either were funny it is it that's true. It's gotta be something like it's probably always been that way for entertainers. You just never have a open forum right level low the content where you can see what people think on in an anonymous right way. You know like I, always try to imagine like comment section on there, like Netflix, oh yeah, now is the base. I show that color that's there was live comments in comments under like Jimi found my backhoe and go to work anymore. I thought what it's waited years ago. God I saw the question sweet today. That's totally make fun Italy ribbon on Fallon. It was like the in the context of the tweet oj was his guest, and so he's like man, I just actually oj was his guest right. No, no, like Genoveva talked about like you know. If he were on the show, and now that he's you know so, the tweet was like he's talking about saying, like yeah Jimmy I, just really want to talk about blah blah and then found like that's great man, but now we're gonna play a game called get that shoes and it was perfect. It was so like. That's in a box it was so like and it sucks, because I had heard him like well, I loved Fallon, growing up on like 90s and early O's SNL I loved when he broke character in left. I really I know a lot of people hate when he does all like hey what room and it's worked for him and when he and horatio sanz were buddy-buddy on SNL like they would just destroy every sketch there and the sketch was instantly better. So I there's a weird kid. Wasn't that good? To begin with it really really? That's not a nice habit of dragging on sketches for way too long they always have, and that especially then, but it just kind of like he gets memes on and he kind of deserves it. Let's be real everything's everything's, again name celebrity celebrity beer pong, you know, but he shouldn't he million bodies. This like fake niceness, not the other one he's way too [, __ ], happy-go-lucky, right yeah he gets off. Every movie is the best drink puppy. You know you know he does probably rapes a public rapes, a [ __ ] dick right in there. You heard it here guys at on the h3h3 podcast by 210 them how their mom they supply. The puppies they've got they've got a puppy mill. They got that big house, you know. Do you feel that, though Eric? Are you like more chill? Oh yeah? What we're talking about my turn, slow down so yeah! Absolutely cuz, like you know, I'm not I made a joke earlier where I said my upload schedule sucks, because I'm just sitting around drinking playing video games but I'm like I've, got Google Docs open in front of me and I'm writing this thing. I'm, like is this funny yeah yeah I, honestly can't tell and I'll like read it out loud to myself, nope that wasn't funny, but I, don't know how to fix it and I'll just deleting we're not delete it, but I'll just go on to something else. Well, I want a man that that's something that hits me is like you're working super hard, but you have nothing to show for it. Yeah yeah I complained that exact point to Aaron just about every night. I've made those literal words I got nothing to show for it. You know, and and she'll always provide a very strong counter-argument and I go you're right, honey. You everybody, god bless, you got, you know no she's um, but um. Wait! It's no true and it's so frustrating because then you know, then you don't upload that week or a couple a lot. A couple of days and people think you're lazy, yeah, the [ __ ] is my content. Where's my where's, my free content, I paid good money for this yeah I'm, so envious of people who, just like turn on the cameras like alright. Well, if I can hey how you doing I'm gonna [ __ ] around and there you go not even going to look at it. It's up now and people love it, but I think that's the obstacle that I'm trying to get over where it's like I found that when I have that self doubt and I'm like this, isn't funny. [ __ ] this that 90% of time people love it yeah. For example, our new video about Jake Paul yeah we didn't want to post it me mostly well I mean I, felt understood what you're saying but I'm like I'm, always the ones like what's not uploaded like. Let's just that's interesting related. Are you laying out like the reaction when you say that or is it more like you, you watch it and you're like oh I, don't know close quote I'm like yeah. It's both I, don't think I I can't even trust. My judgment anymore, I always think everything is not good and then I'm like what people are not going to like it and that's interesting. So my attitude to counter hers is just like we did our best. This is our video for the week yeah. If you don't like it, they understand and they want something so I'm not going to throw away like I used to do is really right, like we upload the video and then they love it yeah and then, if I watch it in like two months, I'm fine with it and I, laugh at it and I. Think it's all that's interested when you're looking at the one you guys were on now, yeah she's got a bet. Is that one yeah, it's gotta, yeah age, like fine Rosa Jenna, does salt to like walk away from something I've done that a couple times yeah yeah I just did a one on music videos, yeah and I I'd had that written for like months hot dad, the guy who does my theme song highlights out that oh yeah he's made some music for us. Oh really, yeah I, don't know that we have maybe he's a shadow master behind the scene. Sad I was everywhere now I wouldn't be surprised. Music and video games are shy. He's smart Adam now like he had made that cover a long time ago, when I told him about the idea and like, like I, told him about the idea in a week later he's like all right I did it Wow got this song ready. When are you putting yours up and whoa, hey man I'll even now, I'm making it a circle and I edited that [ __ ] thing for I wanted that thing to go up? Last week on Monday- and it took me until like two days ago to actually finish it- just editing like staring at it like this- is that's alright, I'm gonna kiss. This is not good. I cut, like five minutes out of that. Well, ten minutes, long, pile so I I, don't know! What's worked for me that I suggest and obviously it's hard to take advice on this level, but a big change for me was when I just I'm like I'm not going to get caught up on this because the nature of YouTube, you know we're not making a show on television. Where you mean we spend a year on ten episodes and very few just got a [ __ ] dude I, let it just let it go! Let it live its own life and move on the nature of YouTube is very stream of conscious yeah. It is like those raisins logs are so prevalent on there, because it's just hey guys what I'm doing today right it doesn't matter. We cleared that Chad's popular -, it's a stream! That's a perfect analogy stream consciousness for the moment. I think I. Think yeah. For me, getting over that hang-up was was like really was really big for us and, like I, said I think you'll be surprised how many times you put out a video you're, not happy with, because just in that and the spirit of I'm just going to let this go and it does great and everyone loves it, and nobody even sees what you were worried about. Yeah there's a little something about it that like as a magical ingredient in it, because you hate it so much yeah. What that is absolutely. Are you just like? Well, this sucks is going to do terrible friend, but it's always got your essence in it like as long as what you're putting out is you do you know, I mean it's because that's why people ultimately subscribe to channel it's not really for the content, but for the personality in the content. You know I mean I mean like Constance got to be good too, but it's also like they, like your take on saying yeah. No, they like you and they want you to be part of their lives. Yeah. It's like yeah, here's, my here's, the bestest! Sorry guys is the best I could do this week, yeah and I think that if you really are like struggling with something that you're working on you're going to put way more work into that have a much more polished end product and something that you loved. That is sorry. This is great the way I did it at this time. That happens. That's what people watch it you, then you watch that a week later and you're like oh, that sucked should I should have done that better than so. We we read these sponsors, oh yeah after that, we'll take a short break very short break, and then we have a new segment, we're working on when I'm very happy to include you guys in. We have a new segment offbeat news, some crazy wild news that our producer cam, the birthday boy is going to come. Read to us, love it and I'd love for you guys to be part of that. But if you guys, they want to take a break now, you don't consider, for you, don't know this, but your what means like I'm, you know, writing four out of ten a to the ride, we're in for the long haul baby. Alright! Well, let's begin here with these guys, I got to thank our sponsors. They make the show possible if it wasn't for them. We wouldn't have creamer in the office today putting our coffee, which is huge, we're really we're getting the luxuries of life here. Thanks to these guys in this whole, damn show so first off me, undies have you you guys know about me on DS. No key tell us about me on DS me on DS is native. Every pair of me on DS is sustainably sourced and made from micro, modal micro modal checked out. Give that a few couple fielded. You know if you put against your family pillow soft, it is Oh, like my favorite thing, about that's soft, to sell racism, yeah unbelievable fabric, what the hell does it for? You goes up, didn't realize yeah. They were very kind reach baby I'm talking about and they actually yeah this once what I do love about them? I got a dear friend I. Do like the colorful designers Hall. Thank you take that home. Thank you. Nan Warren unwinding. Oh great! This really will hug me undercarriage. That is some that will take care of you. Yeah on those hot summer. La days got to be German engineering and cousins, all right, whatever they're just big fat. They make the best cars, and so you know that's the best micro mobile. So this is some great colorful. It's probably the most comfortable underwear you can get. They don't also have underwear, they've, shirts and sweaters made of this wonderful fabric. If you guys go to me undies calm, /h 3, you can get 20% off your first pair plus free shipping and if you don't love them, they're free they used to have this promotion where you would ship back your used, undo, I love that that's ingenious and sometime College, somehow I miss that first time we did them with like alright, well they're, going to bed your dirty onto the deal like it, but now now they swish it to their free. So if you don't like him, you get the key point. I think that's a better choice for everyone. It's been with ya all personally I wonder the heck out of this product they've been a huge sponsor, a great sport bus. So if you guys are in the market for some very comfortable colorful fun, did you believe it's a Jubilee. Nowhere, jelly there's a word that you know way more play. Is a party downtown nice so go to me? Andy's, calm, /h, 3, get your free or not free pair sorry slows down $25 free shipping, though all right. Thank you to me undies. Thank you. You guys thank you for the freemium. You should I, send you this when it's dirty, yes and then yeah, that's a mailman hates that just doing you don't even package all the label on it there we go yeah, so cool, then about star. Next up, we've got audible, who doesn't love audible? Who among us does not live all can't think of a single person. No I am drying so audible. If you guys don't know, is the biggest supplier of audiobooks they've got everything you could dream of, and I mean first of all beyond having a great product. They are such a great supporter of online content, they've seriously, one of the original champions of supporting content creators or that I love them, but like if you're exercising you're gaming you're in team. If you're camping out clean ten mmm, you know you gotta, listen to something. You gotta, listen to something put this on its going to make it ten times better I mean exercise, is excruciating. I need something to take my mind off that [ __ ], so I put on audible, I've been jamming The, Dark Tower, the original Dark Tower. On audible recently, since the movies coming out this Stephen King, you guys read that one I've, yes I've read all idea. How do you look tired yeah years ago? Are you tonight up for the movie I I got high hopes like anything: okay, - there's a long time coming, they've been working on this movie, 4 p.m. and the book he's. Not it's not a black, the or I guess they don't talk about the day. I, don't think they serve a race ever, but in all the illustrations he is, he is a white gunslinger, but I mean like I, know, I just either. I love him yeah. Oh yeah, he's such a wire he's like one. My favorite KK go wrong with him. He's so great he's great and everything yeah I. Dare someone out there I? Dare me come on - anybody with memory? Well, ok, so I first saw him and the wire- and he is like, is incredible, like Brooklyn accent and he's, and then, when I saw an interview with him, he has this thick English accent. It's always worth a look upon: yeah yeah, the UM blue English actors. They always pull in over me. Man like him -, it's not the other way around, like you, never yeah, because if it's mas might have been in a series in kate winslet, I think played like a british ally and something but like, and that's it that you attention to the rule to yeah. Meanwhile, I feel like they're, making fun of us when these english out I'll we go to dollars and they yeah, and I don't even know they don't even take a look on just say, yeah, just like yeah. It's easy you just thank them. Don't look at america so anyway, the dark tower is one of stephen king's. Most prolific is a trilogy right or no amor. No, it's one of seven! Oh, my god, yeah the dark night series. Does this all we infer like a new harry potter. If the movie does well well, it's exciting, we'll see so the doctor anyway. The dark power is a great read and it's a great listen. If you go to audible.com, slash h3 podcast get a free audiobook with a 30 day. Free trial check out the dark tower, while you're exercising camping out team 10. You won't regret it so if you're in the market for some undies go to me, undies comm /h, if you're in the market for an audiobook and some great free entertainment, you have nothing to lose enough to send dirty on these back or anything. In this case, I mean either in Mandy's. Do you get them for free? There go to audible.com, slash a street podcast and get a free, audiobook big dark tower. Thank you to our sponsors. Thank you to you guys for doing that and sporting. The show we're going to take a quick, quick, bathroom break and we'll be back with the newest. This is a great segment. This isn't just the news I'm not talking about politics. These are offbeat stories that you will not want to miss and if you leave something terrible is guaranteed to happen to you. Yeah bizarre news, baby, bizarre love, it ok, we'll be back in one short minute, guys, don't roll off this shirt, alright, guys we are back with h3 podcast we've got drinks on deck and before we go to the new segment, something really spicy just happened. So we're probably make a video about this, but Austin posted alone. Texted me a couple days ago, he's like Jake Paula, just showed up at my house and I was like how the [ __ ] did that happen, and so Austin ordered Jake Palmer, ironically, for a video we're going to make and they took it very seriously. They missed the irony, which is fine, because the tweet was pretty ambiguous, but the thing that was insane is that Jake Paul extracted his address from the merge company, which has got to be so illegal. He shows up at his house to hand-deliver the merge, but here's the worst [ __ ] part. He showed the front of his [ __ ] house in his vlog. He filmed it and showed the front of his house and I know he just moved too, which makes it even worse. Eric you described what would be your choice, words for this uh. Well, you know, I was thinking that maybe that wasn't quite legal yeah I'm, starting to think that maybe it's they're gonna have to start calling at t9. This is what yeah like everything it was done like this man. This kid has no filter is no boundary yeah, that's it, but he started. You know, he's just really cool cabbage all right and that's why these 10 year old girls, love him cuz he's just a savage boy. Yeah I can't believe how [ __ ] did this keep just broadcasted? That's disgusting! No I was alone. He's got that VEVO money right he's on that short, oh [, __ ], don't [ __ ] with VEVO they're everywhere. Even her, not me, people have come to you, but I want to show you I haven't watched this. It just got posted up yeah. It's heard about so I want to watch it for the first time, yeah I feel so bad for Austin yeah I mean you know what you just don't do that look. He blurred the little on the curb like the address, but you see the whole town, all the cool, it's so easy yeah. They found that Shia LeBouf slag out in the middle of a field and for him exactly exactly through through the the jet contrails. So when I found out about this from Austin, we were both like this is so illegal and sketchy, but now that I'm seeing what he actually showed I'm actually outraged. Even more he's gonna have to take that down. He's gonna have like all. Now. This video is going to be taken, sorry been downloaded, eighty thousand times I'm sure. Let me download it the damn Harry. Thank you. Let me keep it out. Just like hey guys, welcome to t9 on bill can digging over for Jake pants Alvin I am 50 year old man Jake. All you better start sucking dicks now cuz, that's all I can give you at this point dude. This kid is such a train wreck man. This is so [ __ ] up it's. You know it's a good lesson and what not to do yeah all those air wiring you there's out there. We don't do that if you're like an up-and-coming youtuber, maybe don't show the Front's of houses a stranger, especially if they're vivo and maybe don't let it get to your head. So much that you blast somebody's address all right. Let's see what actually he put in his vlog well, first of all, let me say: I can't hear it to any Turnitin food I want to hear his creamy voice, um their prophetic description for voice before it's creamy, I'm, I'm. Sorry, it's cream! God, damn that, maybe you shouldn't showed that shot dumb. If he's gonna want to talk to you right now like well, we're not are, we are showing it I mean he already showed it to millions of people yeah, but it'd probably take it on this. Video will stay up or you should do it pose well done, don't show it on Python, that's easier! Okay! So how do I do it? So maybe don't show it I'm just going to listen to it. Yeah just don't show it so don't show the TV I'll turn it off, but I do want the sound okay. So here the first shot starts with he's. Just the camera is just on his house and there's a little rectangle with that, the actual address which is blurred but everything else, including though this is his house he's, got like Rolls, Royces and whatnot to get some estimates. They didn't wear out the leg alignment. They did not wear out the licenses. They're, not legible, oh, not that it [ __ ] matters. Oh here you go, Wow keep whatever like fifth grade. Music is I was like oh it soft again, plus one hate to throw whatever it's all good, though we're gonna dab on the haters, but then my boy post on Twitter this tweet, he orders our merchandise a lot of it, a lot of it, which we have it right here core, so I'm super confused I, don't know why he ordered on think about it. Idiot he's one of my best friend he does it well. Irony is a very complicated word for a boy like you know he did theirs. It doesn't exist. He's like what irony can I dab on. It is done confused yeah. It doesn't take much of computer serial, so let's go I booked, maybe lectures when they go to his house and broadcast it to the world. That'll get him quick plan, great merchandise when he was talking smack about us right now, we're about to hand-deliver it to his house. He lives like 45 minutes away. We're gonna, give him is March, hopefully he's home and we're gonna, confront him and ask him like yo. Why would you talk smack and then order, our merch and then hopefully we can that guy legal, that's not legal! Somebody ordering your merch from a third-party company. Doesn't it tied you to steal their address and then display it to millions of people in your videos? You don't get it man, he just wants to talk with him and then flog it anyway. No, it's like it I just wish. He had an older brother, maybe stay away from doing it, don't shine media. You know what Logan Paul I saw. I was like maybe he's laying low and he's going to talk to his brother. His older brother, his most recent video I, checked this morning, is reacting to the Jake Paul drama, he's mirroring it really they're, not even brothers he's just a fellow clone of turned out to stupid-looking a video right Ryan. These guys want to bang, and then he hits me Jake hit me in the damps and he says: I want to make a song with you and post hmm I didn't answer, yeah wait: Jake had you in the DM yeah, oh yeah, I was gonna. I wanted to wait to see what he did with this, because I was gonna, because previously we had talks into dm's and he was a nice guy. He had talked about coming on the podcast and I thought about having him come on shore. My concern was that he was going to come and act insane right and have a liability. Of course, the app dab, jokes yeah I mean that you know how many times can you dab on the hair? This is okay for anyway. So this is what this is kind of. Just I, don't know: I, don't know that I can. This is [ __, ] yeah. This is post Hong, know, okay, guys. Should we hear it like a quarter-mile away. I, don't know how this is about to go down. We don't know. If he's home, we don't know if he hates us or just gets used in general. Let's get it. What makes you think that it's cool to go to his house, so he's showing the front house showing his car's wrong kind of nervous, going up, she's, showing the front floor and I if I made a video at our house, I would never show the front or the front door. Never never ever you guys had AI dogs, climbing yeah yeah and that even that was too risky. Yeah. Okay yeah. This might work for the joke video, but we were worried about in terms of the front door they're. Both there they've got a lot of cameras there. It's Austin here we got two minds: they're recording Austin it like I, don't even know that he's being he knows his be reporter. This works the most legal right, Austin saying what's going on, we would can deliver if I thought, like you were somewhere back there. Granitic manager, the defense song, a new daughter away, will I do nothing more. So you know they are their shitty, obsessive, no, no boundary fans. Don't look at about the 10 year old girls up my ass and Tempe. He nor the behavior analysis. It's okay, not going yeah! You know it's really good. Everybody knows my dad drove me. Wait can I open it, so you guys can at least watch along - on TV. Is that too risky? Maybe it's bad that we listen because we're like the viewers we go yeah you get roll and cut to it in the man, yeah yeah we create. We get the picture, you're already blogging right. We like him so yeah, but yeah, we're friends right. We go in hang on input and write. You like ball skills and show this footage in our church people in the case that okay study like to thank you already know your savage I love your music and things so we're like yell. We are hand-delivered the March. Thank you, sir lucky for them post is a nice guy. Yeah yeah, nice guy goes way nicer, yeah, a less nicer person. Would have yeah sure that I've got my property huh, stupid kid or just be shotgun blast movie, really dark that'd be a good blood. I had no doubt that Austin would just be nice because is nice. He text me is like you won't believe what just happened: yeah, what not only feels like Jake Paul just came to my [ __ ] house I see a little bit of explanation because it's like you were kind of like hippy about the song where you're lying, but then you got the March, so dude he's [ __ ] moving on it. You are the purchase fire. You know a small video me me on him in his own video, but my yard is way over his head. He wanted to merge for sketch that we're gonna make right. Thank you. So much for having me on the show today. Could the timing be matter o'clock with the time is limited. We get to witness this. It's a beautiful thing. Where were you right? I'll, never forget, I'll, never win I'm stuck with little boy got himself incarcerated I'm. The thing is like thankful. Was writing so highs invincible, but somehow he found a way. No she's on like this uncredible nosedive. Do you think? Well, you think so I mean yeah. Well, this is illegal, no illegal to sell illegal. This is straight-up lawsuit. You lost everything like if Austin wants to press charges are suing I'm, sure I, Stanley worden, because he's not all right. I'm, not people, nice. The guy showed up at his house about to I'm, not sure, also there's a precedent to be set because I mean yeah. Post Maloney is a very popular musician. He has a team of lawyers, yeah Oh, anything like this and be like well Janna. Would you like to bury him? Yeah I'll show it flexibility, the merged company, the murder guy. The way this in okay, Jake Paul cells has merged through fan, joy, which is a huge emerge company right handed in his address, is a whole line of your. We gotta believe I'm scrupulous illegal yeah. So while are going to go down for this, it seems like it's. The new Watergate tailgate wait what okay so Jason on about it: Paul gate, yeah! Okay! No! Oh! That's! Good, that's just gate. This needs to be h3 video. It will be I think we just need to know how to make a whole video and then make the parody. You got old yeah, a couple of is there you guys got you gawking about having time so I'm. Looking line that on with all day I know you've got it. I need a bus men up for Adrienne. Can we just like? Can we just take take a step back and just here's a situation where I'll just drinking some nice ice-cold Hennessy, while witnessing the downfall of the most notorious? Yes, absolutely cheers here to the fallen? The fall of the poem was like what sorry I'm going to click. My damn glass swatch up. You know it's funny because they just made they made a music video called the rise of apology. Ah well, that was quick yeah. They really am night. Is this one there's a I'm sore about water killed them, I gotta see what's out there, you got to do anything with it, but we got another song and, as a verse open is there? Can you imagine post Malone a pop superstar doing a verse on Jake Paul, like how delusional you get the look on on Austin's face right now is the face of somebody who's like man, you [ __, ] up right, [, __ ], you up! What have you done? Hi carrie has out wrong by though using dolphin sounds the censorship yeah stupid news. Zombie fella work for a monkey that one so well that one so you are in the corner. This is the most corner gets us the other sniper shot yeah, but he's gonna be on my sonic. When you saw no yeah yeah, no, probably should I got his number. You know where that because I'm, not he just travels just like know where we live a little too real yep. Oh my [ __ ], now I so well. What are they doing right there yeah well max? Are they going to zoom in on the exact location? It's like really yeah. It's like a Google Maps thing on now: okay, I, don't know if it's yeah, it's I, don't think that it's accurate, well I, think it's gonna zoom in nope nope. All right, Nick, it's random, okay, okay, not so cool. So he see the comments yeah publicly made the I think we'll be fine. Okay, yeah they'll be fine. That went so well you're. Getting me that was great. Can I um any songs? Well more, can you ask for Christ I'm, shocked and awed by this yeah me too? This is so weird. It is beautifully. Assistant I know yeah. Somebody just filled our food bowl I just blown away by how reckless and irresponsible a king of egg it's just part of the UM weird new segments that are new, so you're talking about so cool, hey, we win, we won our new. This is our lead story, but I did oh great bit. Oh I really need to hear back from awesome. That's hilarious! Oh! What's always what is probably only a message right. Lawyers are how many lawyers- yes, probably what a message Dre and tell him to check that yeah all right. Let's get! Let's, let's focus! We need to make HD video of this, though this is absolute bananas. This is priority number one for you, guys, let's cut it short, go go! Go alright, let's, let's move it on. Let's do the news here are we are we set up where I gotta grab that back okay go ahead, let's kiss so anyway, dance corner! Well, I have a hard time. Nobody I get I get. That was quite a quite a development that we got to witness live yeah there yeah like watching the Towers fall. You know exactly that level. I mean all right. Well, I like that lesson: yeah I'm, sorry, Allah, arable and I hate when it like one victim here, sadly, which is possible long yeah. Well, so I'm hobbling I think posters give it a win in the end. Yes to do I think he's got the upper hand, hope he doesn't have to move or anything. He literally just moved there like a couple weeks ago. Oh really, he literally was like I'm going to take the day off, to put all the boxes away, because my house looks like a dump and I'm a poor person gosh. Definitely dick move dick move. No, this guy's got [ __, ] investors and you're like trying to [ __ ] through a legal team. That's representing look when you waterboard someone dick. Does it dick moves? Yeah yeah! It's your exact! It's just very, very common simulated, drowning Yoda clue. What are you doing why'd he do that I wish you just could've asked I could tell you I'll talk or explosion. Next we are setting up for the new segment. That was a bit of a tangent, but I thought it was an important one that was beautiful and not well worth the time well worth it real give it a second here, Dan you've made my day: oh boy in fun. It is to ride pretty crazy. That happened doing the podcast. Oh my god. Thank you, like everything else, he's done has been pretty pretty much a footnote to that one: yeah yeah yeah, it's good it'll, get hella views, it'll get hella press, um, I, just hope to god. It develops into something else, and it's not just another brick in the jake paul wall. You know what I mean like. I hope that this actually like is because you can compare like trunk to this. You know Trump says all this Atlanta's [ __ ] and does all this outlandish stuff and in the end, like everyone clamors for impeachment, but are we any closer to that so, like I hope? This is a little. This is a tangible crime, yeah yeah it is you're right, hi, special, ed and I, and I I hear you because it's like dude needs to understand that there consequences, like he's so off the hinge he's so like diluted with this power and fame. He absolutely off the chain he's doing anything. Is he is the definition of doing anything? Yes before the views he no no well I hate I got a video on deck, yeah I feel great yeah I feel great and I'm, not I'm, not Oh. Austin dinner I'm gonna make a bunch of money off his [ __ ] disco. Okay, you guys got a tab. Running yeah I want to try the analog [ __ ], real, quick that tell ya guys it all over. Has that babe I love it it's a it helps it's very family Hoss and you know yeah I like that I mean this episode's not brought to you. By this it looks like no a space tickets, very I like how slim it is because I tried another one. This is called a jewel I used to have another ecig. That was like big fatties yeah I didn't feel like a cigarette yeah yeah. It was like flick it like it. Okay, that one belt in it keeps me on the right side of hunger, see how it like thing got him up: yeah, yeah, I'ma, looking at a couple of rats and that's cool, that's edgy level, [ __ ], the dead, babes heart I'm on my way, that's higher! Let's do the new, so roll, the roll, the intro, let's get into the news, [Music] [Applause], [Music], I, probably should I should probably do it, so they don't hear it and I'm in a [. __ ] truck is an interesting overhaul in the new second. Alright. Here we got. We are officially in the new segment. Well again, take the lead, alright guys. So we got some spicy ones this week. First up I, don't anybody's heard about this, but it set a lofty goal in Baltimore we're going for a let's: go: hey Audra, now I'm going to throw the video over there. Oh, you are okay, alright I'm [, __ ], a separate alright. So in Baltimore there is a call for a murder free weekend. Yes, this is one let'em. Now no murder. Let's just say it, because people need to hear it. No right, that'll work, apparently, we've seen already 188 murders in Baltimore. That's here, Wow go for a record there that it and so I guess the solutions. Simple! Just don't kill anybody I find that I wonder if the hardened gangsters are like. You know what today's the day, today's the day I'm going to survive this [ __ ], yeah, they're right, you guys, you know what one weekend just one. So what is that a murder free weekend robbery for just a weekend and then it is Monday night I am right back out to be blast. Murder on Monday hurts my thank you. An honor like the they trying to keep the numb like why, this weekend, it's actually in August, so uh, oh, my god, something like that. So this is gonna, be [, __, ] murders. So weird, that's uh, and what was the committee like who-who's? No, it's uh! No, it's not! Actually his mother I think, however, kids murdered. Okay, okay, there's there's a real sentiment, I! Absolutely absolutely that makes it well. Will you all you guys, participate and then I pledge to participate? Yeah, I'm not going to I, don't know every single person that weekend you get order elsewhere, yeah yeah, I, get that I do have a trip to Juarez. Oh well, then go nuts we're doing a Baltimore right. Wait! Is that a real place? Yeah yeah sounds real. What American in August and see how they did on the last good point: that's yeah! Let's down we'll, have an update. Then Mike is a little quiet. They say so was it. You got a holdout Mike, real, close, okay, oh right and always hard. My music yeah yeah Wow microphone etiquette, a thing Dan welcome to our world day. Alright! So next story there was a light in your mouth. There was a crash. There was a crash in Oregon, we're a bunch of shipping containers filled, we accidentally spilled, looks like 7,500 pounds. Well that may be needed. This autoplay should I hate that autoplay share the worst YouTube ads or nothing. Okay. You know what I mean there's everything else is an imitator and you scroll down a 500 pounds of slime eels. Well pour avoir the owner version. Oh my god guys these shipping containers they crash and it actually crashed into another car. Already even big you'll. Only [ __ ] I've seen that anime yeah is that food though yeah I guess. So. This is a delicacy in Korea in China coming this particular species. Espanol grows off of the Oregon coast there, oh my, and when they get freed out, they secrete this like mucus. Oh that's like eel jizz. Are you telling me they got freaked out? They try to make a run for it, but like a defense mechanism, it's supposed to like yeah things like fish. One is trying to you wanted that you know about the alleles yeah they're called they're, not actually eels they're, actually hagfish. Oh I am serious. They have a bunch of with wars running alongside their body that secrete the mucus right. They are older than dinosaurs. Wait. Why living one of those is a number I've seen. Videos of people eating them and I was just like what [ __ ] Twitter, like they I, don't know if they eat them in the slide, like crazy, I'm. Sorry, if I'm running right is this some of you planned? Oh, no, no, that's not access and it's an interesting creature. Oh there was jizz all over the road and also for that guy, good guy, that car that image in the car is all the [ __ ] in it well forever haunt my dream: he was a you came out like covered in swine they're like oh. You got here with the aw no unrelated yeah he'll got me. One came right through the back of the truck any idea, honey. How many yields were spilled? Damn 7,500, no 7,500 pounds, oh yeah, like God's Way more. That is a lot of demand for eel. That is a that is a absolute yes, sorry, I didn't apologize! No like you're right, though, like just a trucks full of like I went two and a half now I can't that's not right, like three tons and then some almost four. It's almost four tons of eels I think the EPA heard that they've been alive since the dinosaurs and we're like well, let's [ __ ] wipe them out yeah yeah, either right I'd take them. Excuse we've only been around for a hundred thousand years. So let's uh, nobody beats us. Yeah number one baby number fill a truck with a new, let no an SUV yeah, you know I, say [, __ ], that's my takeaway from the story. If they're not eating them, let them spill on the damn road. Yes, why not yeah absolutely how the hell'd they become a delicacy, not a delicate about the creeps. Well, Asian is yeah, which is why you know what these guys look: fun, hey, Dan, yeah, it's always been challenges, and this one it's got to seem that they love us better. For there we go, people find this gross I found a way to heat it I don't want just real I want to L, with mucous membrane, sometimes the heels that energy. Thank you every animal justice, but this animal is the most fun thing. That's the nickname to the the hagfish and the jizya. Yes, yeah I'm sure we're coming back. Fish come on my own as Virginia bill today, the Jersey, oh, my god. We like to fill trucks with them and that's right, mommy I'm, going to try what I'm feeling. Yes! Thank you all right. What's next, alright! Next, what so? Five four over in China a new trend is these personal defense weapons? They call them an anti permit, anti pervert flamethrower this basically straight up a lightsaber, oh hell, yeah, not even oh [, __ ] show us that video look at this show us. Yes, wow. It actually gets way. Crazier penalty burns at like 7000 degrees, Fahrenheit, or something like that, so it could shoot up to like almost a foot. So for those you guys who are who are listening and out watching, it actually looks like a like. So it's really right up torch I mean that is like a three foot flame I've, never seen so I'm a little saddened that it had to take perverts in China to create that incredible technology, because that's amazing, that's a cooling it under a while necessity is the mother of invention event. They sure do they'd sure do say that maybe was trying to grab your slimy ol off your plate. You hit them with them. Yeah we'll just be a New Jersey like they feel right. Everyone, the jizz saver, that's so yeah right! We have an so pervert is illegal in China Oh. Someone is saying in the chat, but it's on Amazon currently no locks matter. If it's on Amazon I, that's the last thing I want to be seeing out like EDC. Is your new digit spinners right? Here's your kid with a DD! Now here you know he plays thinner, daddy's got to work and a kid loves fire. You have how many of these are been sold. People are actually watch walking around these in China blasting perverts. Is that big of a problem like what's going on in China pervert? Well, I noticed Li, okay I'd, like I, think I get it. There's like the overcrowding and trains and they're like a they're, gropers Larry. Let you know guys like grow the ladies: whatever having a pepper spray, I don't need. A button is raised, is pepper spray like a [, __, ], LED, saber? Okay, they were incredible. Technology no go. The person here is, if you use pepper spray on a train you're going to [ __ ] everybody up on the train, so instead give them a block. Give them a little faster. Well warning tomorrow will trigger bottom or I. Get that yeah that looks like it would go right through somebody like a website. I, don't know, I do dance Mike. Can you hear it out? There I know more about it. You definitely buying things. You sell more holes, it is the pollution, overpopulation burn them all. Syria I'm, just again, I can't is just such a weight like crazy cool technology. But what is strange like very specific origin, its perverts in China, as opposed to like, for example, like military technology or like laser cutting or something no, not just perverts. In an overcrowded China like like that, what a weird necessity I mean, that's not weird the wrong word: I mean it's tragic and it's shitty know it, but it's just very not what you'd expect I don't know with that. In a couple: - Jake Paul, a couple of posts, Mullaly burn that house their clothes alone. These days it was got him like memory, no just [, __ ] hand. Three kopeck, O'connell I just got really [ __ ] cool. We need to market these as anti Jake Paul divided. He will come to your out and he shows up. Your house came up, gimmick to don't buy his merch the entire dollars seriously. Honestly I was not the band type Polar's, all right, Paul. Alright, that's pretty fascinating. They did what else we got Dan. Then this was a little little. Lighter than yields are flamethrowers um, you guys remember, boaty, mcboatface, know, I, know this one. What obvious update I don't know. So it's super so a few years ago in the UK, they had a vote for this research vessel. What they were going to call it and they kind of opened it to the public, which is always a great idea, always always a really good idea. Yeah I was like as I'm out to do yeah and, of course, boaty mcboatface ended up being the winner, and it was this big controversy and then the government was like no we're not going to do that, and there was uproar. Everyone was like [ __ ] that it won so be fair, right and so I think they made some compromise like the the sub like that's on the boat is boaty mcboatface, okay, okay, so they've sort of got it through so in Sweden, I believe yeah, something similar happened. They did a vote and training train phase and go ahead. It listen to some of the other names here, but they're they're honoring it this time apparently they're going to honor it. Sweden is a great country, they're very socialist. They are honoured yeah, they don't get jokes too well either. They think that that's an actual name like. Oh it is yes, it is train in Israel good. Well, listen to these other operations other than straight active, so look at Karen, Dylan babies go to green. It was between training, ik train base or Hakan Miriam or Poseidon right. That was when I remember how very imperious oh yeah yeah exactly exactly and then training McRae thank God. That's gonna way to have a sense of humor like I got that like saw those three options together. I would obviously vote for training. Mccain says yeah, oh this. If this were a subreddit, it would be made me smile, make you happy, but honestly I'm really high like when I saw this on whatever like are not the onion or whatever the [ __ ]. This made me really happy because I do remember Bodie mcboatface in the uproar that has surrounded it, but I'd be happy that you made you up, didn't see there you go. It's contagious and frigerator died like two oranges kills people all right overall, hot italian. Tell me wala way to feel how I feel Prentiss is cute right in the vision. Delica no parentheses said not. Click face. I was out of training, m'q trained face transition over 6 3 I mean they could have more options like Jake full army. The strongest would have been business, reveal good, strong. We are strong or we are live. Have you been that way? Biddy really waited not by his March. He will come to your house. Yeah, find you and make it public where you live. Have you guys have you guys seen the tweet that he retweeted? Well, it's like that. One of his one of Jake balls fans said we are lit. We are savage. We are Jake ball. It's it's amazing! You should really know it's only something like we are Jake Pollard's. We are savage. We will bring something like that. So in here is. It sounds like a bad Nike ad. It really does we have anyway, let max hit us with the den they go next up. Basically, you know if you take this whole jake paul thing to its logical conclusion. Yes, later you wind up without our next story, hold on I got this twin I got this sweet. He retweeted this. We are savages, we are always lit. We are powerful, we prank people, we love team 10. We love bizarre bizarre Clark, that's his business show. We are Jake Pollard's and he retweeted that, and here we also retreated, there's 8.5 million people who would do anything to live next to Tim 10th house. By the way there are 12 year old girls like ok cool you do inking Lenexa, gig, 10, being a [ __ ] adult who owns a house idiot I, didn't realize you had a Disney show. Oh yeah I, take back everything. I said it's great yeah, he's cool with me now did me show yes see what else who helped the party behind like a savage making? People is tow, savage needs to be real hard. He also retreated he ain't gonna, listen! Nobody he's going to flip intended dude with the crying laughing I hate to retweeted that I'm, so cool, not ironic, cuz, it's the avatars a 12 year old girl and then he tweeted himself I'm still going to send it he's the first Disney star to lose his mind before getting the job on Disney. That's right. What's there now he's on there? He just plays a minor is like a character in the show for the kids yeah for the kids, any tweeted up crazy, how people care about me being a bad neighbor, bigger fish to fry and it's and people are getting shot every day. You should worry about that. That's not a justification for your shitty behavior, Jake Paul. You can't just hide behind a statistic and be like: oh people should [ __ ] worry about that. Instead Oh. That meant that tweet made me so mad, which I know, is what he wants, but I don't really care. If somebody does my shot somewhere, can we please go figure that out well, not in Detroit in a couple weeks right, the Baltimore, Baltimore Morgan for bad timing, th, so just write, five I know it's like awful. You know like murder away another still making whatever happens in Detroit stays, Detroit Baltimore, no, murdering one weekend, Ohio area as if people can't worry about two things at one time exactly exactly yo man yeah. Maybe I am a shitty neighbor, slash person, but people are dying. You know if I already world yeah what's another drink. Oh I'm still drinking I think another bud. You want yeah and I'm slowing down now, I'm, actually pretty drunk I'm, pretty Tozer huh. Here's, the damn guy you got ass, is what I'm empty all right Cheers! It's not it's! Only bad luck, even something you got absolutely yeah, don't get too much Hennessy in you, because I'm gonna have a beer I think you know that raw gimme, y'all I'm, sorry is saying the coin watch is just a drunk at all. So what's a beer I have a beer I'll be right back. This is great. You know just hanging out yeah with microphones interfaces, capturing all of our perps and public for the world is yeah, absolutely just shooting the [ __ ], though my stomach is alright next story. The next story is kind of happy that it is next door is heavy, very heavy duty. I, don't know if you guys heard about this a actually really good investigative report from BuzzFeed seriously. Apparently they they become a hard little and good news. Yeah yeah cattle reporters I actually read this whole article and it's a really good article right. You might be pretty disturbed by this I want only like it was people soup, -, yeah yeah. It was really disturbing, so it already has a sex called I thought he hit him right, dystrophy, sorry yeah! So apparently he he has a let's see up to six women living in his house that he controls every aspect of their life. Um records himself having sex with them and distributes it to his friends yeah. Oh my gosh, and he calls them my babies and he makes them call him daddy, I'm, not creepy at all, maverick we're, not creepy, oh and a doula, once it was my god when he when he started to like getting their relationship with them. What it does is, it gives them a new cellphone and then they keep it sealed yep. What are they complaining about? So he says. Well, let me tell you in this economy. They can only use it when he allows it and to whom he allows it and he tells them what to wear and what to do like. According to this article- and it's really there's a lot of evidence like there's a lot. Okay, here's Mike not just one rumor: are they complicit? Are they willing participants? So that's the problem with it. It's it's pretty much. It's like a cult, a manipulator, my team. That's is that this thing that's actually a little second and that's why yeah he's gotten caught on a time thing: wait safe! Daniel! Are you Talia? We active teen right yeah in 1994, there was a follow-up article from Rolling Stone and they kind of broke down his whole history of this kind of behavior and yeah. He was 27 at the time and he married alia well at 15 15 at the time when they were making their album. This is not a joke age ain't, nothing but a number yeah, and that actually, oh, no. No. That was so that that's I, think that's why I got so six on this story, because I was a big, ugly, offense and I. Remember this album and all of a sudden, like everything, has a completely different context: yeah yeah ages, the age is not nothing but a number at a certain point: yeah yeah! Unless it's illegal yeah, you know, look okay Allah outside, but it puts a lot of side. Let's put statuary rape aside yeah, if you're fifty old was she christened if you're a 15 year old girl? Think back to when you were 15 years old, you didn't [, __ ] know what was good for you. I was married, I live year old, actually, is that right, yeah, I've, [, __ ] up JJ I would wake up young seriously if you're 15. How old was he at the time 27 like that's? You cannot you're just not there emotionally maturely you're a [, __ ] kid you're watching Looney Tunes. Also he actually he was assigned. He was assigned to be like her producer, so she was like up-and-coming new artists and I think her uncle was like his manager or something like that. So we put them together and it was like we're gonna work on your album together, and so also you got to put that in context for her. It's like the guy who's, making her possible for a career yeah. So there's this kind of coercion, subtle, coercion, nice, so subtle! Even and it's the same thing with the Gulf that is keeping in his cult right there at all of them, were aspiring singers yeah so that picked them up here. That's no way I can make you famous yeah, there's something I, don't know if I'm bringing this up from something else, but isn't there something in this article about how he would film having sex with yeah, show them to people. Yeah yeah he'd have buddies over, be like yeah. You want to see me having sex yeah with a 19 year old, but but here's the flip side to that he makes them all dress in track, suits and they're not allowed to look any of his male friends in the eye. What yeah I want any of them to like lust after them or what a buck would go to that house, guys I investigate the Russian occupation directory, that's already like right. There. You know I'm going to going out with our Kelly. Welcome like ten girls and tracksuits won't look mean I, look at the wall. They try Putin's behind this Blair Witch yeah Stan paste the wall yeah yeah, it's earlier in the I look at later, which is a [ __ ] started sodomized field, so the parents of all these girls are like they're trying to report it to the police, but apparently because the girls are there like from their own will right. The police can't do anything, because the problem would call that's the cult yeah, the special Motorola phones, the can't dial, nine one Wow, so our Kelly I mean going back to. But this is a really circular episode. Cuz. We were talking about how team ten plugs I know. That's why I was saying this is Theresa yeah, but II. Think I'll tell is one of the ten he's in this the 10 spot 100. Why? Don't you guys are making URLs in it he's the silent guys are doing. We have some late-breaking news. Oh, it is being spamed right, oh boy, what not um firmed but Jake Paul looks like he's being evicted and faked. There's a video I! Guess really that's what [ __ ] happened. I think me and our tweeted this. They don't know if it's a prank or not here. Let me throw it on the screen. I call it fake news, breaking there's! Alright, let's see, can you look at thought? Oh well, this is probably a prank well by the way team, 10 I'll get that nobody can evict him. Can you turn it up? Turn it up a little bit right, crank it or [ __ ], just post Malone, sending him a lightsaber. Oh yeah, I! Don't know about that! Creepy! That's I! Don't know! If this house I think I listen, how many people are out there. Yeah creepy that they're just there at all time that has a [ __, ], hey on the side of his door, I like right of a horse, one yeah! This is first off. Also he doesn't get it is that lunch going there's a basically how old you, let's order to me is a your okay. Coming up so yeah apparently take that I'm fiction owes to the door like Martin, Luther, Martin Luther during the Christian Reformation right, oh wow, nice wrap, I, don't know why I hear them on right. Now we've been full of visitors, a great educational nailing, oh yeah, yeah Wow under the eight-year-old kid come out, take a photo I. Don't the thing is that they in probably sketch they made a prank where they like, a police guy, came to arrest him, and that was a prank. So that's why I don't know if this is real? Oh yeah know always doubt it I mean I'm just more than the eviction I'm just really alarmed of the constant circus of children out in Italian yeah. This is so [ __ ] creepy like have. We saw anything like that before, like you know, you think about like Leonardo DiCaprio and all these like the the bad boys of Hollywood and everything like is. Is there any comparison between this and the question like setting a pool on fire yeah, maybe Leo Caprio when he was in the liquidity, posse or whatever is a rock star? If you look back at these uh rum, rambunctious rock stars who attracts hotel rooms, yeah I'm, fancies yeah, that's what you hear about every buck and [ __ ] up right, except his fans, aren't like teenage to twenty year old girls right. His fans are actually eight-year-old children, twelve year olds and the star is just a vlogger like what is the right news. Not in Titanic is not efficient and he didn't make ours and their vinyl whatever might you're like what is you bite? Your foot Eric get out. I said: have you not heard his mileage? Oh yeah, I didn't, might I got a little Hennessy in me yeah, you know, I know y'all to the mic you're going to kill our viewers. This is a. We have a pitch limiter right, no, no as soon as you're doing I'm. Sorry to everyone when I drama you want for me, you expect better. For me, drunk Hennessy bottle is about only a quarter left. This is what you watch for that's right, such as it's episode as default. Go to NASCAR to see the car crashes. That's kind of what happened here today. A free, podcast yeah see the paula fresh okay back to our Kelly yeah, there's a video that TMZ did with the one of the girls and they're like so is everything okay with you and she's like yeah I, don't know! Why is everyone overreacting? Everything is okay and she obviously looks so uncomfortable. We saw that oh yeah yeah then has it and then there's a part where they ask her. Can you tell us where you are, and you can see a shadow of someone saying no, like you can see their hand shaking no whoa yeah I've got to pull that up by the way I heard that in Jake Paul's video he does show postpones license plate mm-hmm, nice guy anyway, that's not cool cool guy. What a jerk yeah, not cool, you guys! Think Arco is a spirit. Cooking I know I've heard about that. What's that it's possible is that it's like baby blood that keeps you young or so in that Hillary was feeling like I. Thank you, I think you need to be a politician to yeah you got to be. You got to be going to Bilderberg meetings. Okay, no one's here cooking, it's our Kelly he's like doing live concerts at Bohemian. Grove is on you. Yes, I do trip tip tip all right, I love, it I love it Karthik! Alright, this is a TMZ video, be careful on the audio level and I just mainly want to say that I am a heavy place with my life and I'm, not being brainwashed or anything like that, oh really, to a point where it definitely has got a penis. So you know I just wanted to know my parents and everybody in the world. It I totally hi parents. Well, you don't! Okay, no! She doesn't okay, you're fine mhm! You! You are not being ollie to your will or doing anything that you do not want to do. Oh, no, not at all, never been filming hostage or anything like that in nature together. So why is it now that your family is coming forward and saying this and they've asked for a welfare check? And everything like that? Why do you say like? Oh, like a check of welfare? Okay and on and off about it? Six five months, I haven't really spoken. Svensson of everything they've been causing problems in my life without a nugget hostage and they inhale yes, I wheel and stuff like that, because it has I'm very hard work. You know what's going on with the situation, because it is neutral point where it's getting too much out of hand. You know we have to deal with it in me being 22. It's just you know it's just not right. So I haven't spoken to them, mainly in about five or six months. Really, oh I mean they'll. You know take like classical yep cut my parents off they take their phone. Are you angry in Georgia or where are you I know? You can Wow yeah I know yeah I know I find when I was on the move yeah when I was watching on my phone, it's even more clear. You can see on her shirt like yeah, the shadowkhan so creepy, you know that's so sad in creepy, oh yeah, we're fine I haven't talked to my parents for six months and I can't tell you where I'm located. What's what Scientology, where they have um a [ __ ]. What's the acronym? It's like you, cut someone off suppressive person, yes, MP! Thank you! So much exactly yeah same [, __ ] thing same [, __, ], yeah. What the hell Kelly also the really sad thing is that they all like aspire to be musicians and then, in a few of the stories it was a girl who went to show probably wasn't like the front row. You know and then he was like you come backstage afterwards and then she would go with her. Parents yeah with reparent with the parents and the parents are like cool, is interested, she's, talented, maybe or maybe can coach her and then invites her to a show. She goes. The prank gets a little weird. You know and then invites her to travel with him, and then she doesn't tell the parents, because she's like I'm, going to travel with the superstar is going to make me a star. The parents don't know about it and then they lose constantly and she's too late exactly and that's what happened but a few of them. It's crazy! Oh it's so sad and creepy and scary and weird that this [ __ ] happens. I know I sound, like John Oliver Kurt its current year. It's what he's ever seen at the same time, if you know it is [ __ ], weird that like doesn't, it seem like dated to talk about Colts just in general yeah that Colts man, [ __, ], dumb yeah still goes on today depends how much money they have true he's like a master, manipulator yeah, exactly he's back in the day and there's so many cases of girls who like sued him, and then they came to an agreement and he paid them. So there is no yeah, so there's no, like actual like he was guilty of that or guilty no cause you're broad singer, but there's like a million shots, weird one to so many stories. It's crazy [, __, ] article email. What's the R stand for wow? Thank you and thank you. This is why the people tune in if this is named, like Robert or Richard or grape either he's a [, __ ] same yelling he's a human slime eel really continue washing ideas. Wait worms did with the finger wagging I think it was startled by modulus title. It's very sad: oh yeah. Alright, let's move it on. This looks like laughter but I side. You'll excuse us, I'd, I, believe that is what else we got. Uh I think this last one actually so I'm sure everybody's heard about this is all over the news but OJ's back baby, oh yeah! Well, the world is a more interesting place with Jose. Even though he's murdered people I hope, people still have his [ __ ], so he can go steal it again and come on right down the [, __ ] personality and then how what must take some very three more years, all right now for an hour right time to get my [ __ ] back okay, so Oh Jay Simpson, after basically admitting to murdering Nicole Simpson and what was her her lover's name. Did it admit it I mean he wrote a book if I hiatus or do funniest was hypothetically about? If I did it, which is pretty much it I did here's how I do it in the in the publish Liars out it never actually has the murder in it. Well, they never published it every lack lash. Really. They were going to publish this book called if I did it and then, after all, this public backlash like what the [ __ ] are you doing yeah to my all the shirt they have canceled the book? Thank god they desperate for money because he actually lost in a civil suit because he got acquitted criminally, but then Nicole, Brown's, family, wife sued him civilly for her murder and he was found guilty in that one. So the guy is so weird and milk drive pretty much all of his assets. Did you see the ESPN like three-part documentary series? No, it's awesome I like six hours long, and we said then then that's like this recent one. Yet the briber, Thursday's but I think that's what I meant. Wait. One I'm not talking about that the fictionalized, the not the Ryan Murphy one I'm talking about like the what you guys may be talking about with John Travolta. Oh, that's the yeah, that's Ramat eyes! What's that it was, it was a reenact yeah yeah, that's a great one! I have that and then I watched, like actually I, think it was ESPN. They made like an animal that one like follows his early career. It does, but it's very even more, even more so than the Ryan Murphy one. It's very, very in-depth, like from early on, shows why he was such a big deal. It's fascinating because it's just so it's so bizarre, especially when he gets to Florida. This is after he's. You know, he's been found not guilty and he lives like this weird second life in Florida and he just parties it up and he like films, a pilot for a [ __ ] Punk'd ripoff. But it's like all it. It's all about n I! You know, I know you don't use [ __ ]! You I have oh its legend, its legendary. He like you know he drives a white Bronco. It covered in blood them -, AB, -, -, yeah. What for reactions? Yep I'm, a guy that really sounds like a [ __ ] joke I mean it sounds like a weird like bad, like monologue. Oil voce is fascinating. He was on top of the world. He was one of the most famous NFL players of the movie star and he just murdered. Yes, I was listening. They were talking about it today on Howard, Stern Show, and they were talking about how young people, like maybe our age, but a little younger like in their 20s, don't even know him for how big it was. Their only know him for the murder face right and they're and they're asking like. Is he really as big as people say, and they say no, he was. He was actually really fun. All my acting. You had a lot of cultural phenomena. Your time that murder happen. It was so big he was. He was like super one of the most famous people in America, yeah I was I, was going to say, he's out, [ __ ], killing six boy. So anyway he murdered his wife right. No well. She wasn't now she's dead. They really really got separated or something was she oh yeah yeah. They were separately I'm. But here's here's my question to you guys: do you think Jimmy Fallon's going to get them on like I? Think that joke tweet I know? That's bad press I think it's I, don't think it's out of the realm of possibility that sick I don't think that guy deserves and Jimmy would just be the entire time like calm and ease. No crazy, don't worry, don't worry disorder looks like I was going to be. The whole package is power. I know you crazy haha, though that's a pretty good, don't manage, not know, I. Think I. Think he's smarter, because he's more particular with image, good I saw a girl. Rogan quit should I have what a Joe so Joe Rogan is more interesting angle, because it's more conversation based than Joe Rogan VA and on him he's not afraid of anything. He said. Should I have Oh, Jay or not I would say yeah absolutely we're here with I was able to say about Shore, a spirit, molecule and DMT and the Enlightenment of the human mind yeah. Absolutely I, like Joe Rogan, believes in Joe Rogan all got again yeah the observations are short yeah. The only thing I've been deprived of is sunlight. So if you guys don't know the story of audiences fascinate, because he he basically got acquitted of murder and then he went to Las Vegas and did a an armed robbery of his memorabilia and that's what he's in prison for now right? Well, not the video of that anymore, [, __, ] hilarious by the way cuz like he goes in there with a mask on and he's like give me back my [ __ ] and the guy and there's like oh gee, is that you? What like? No man, maybe much you like do you know me? Yes, guys, [, __, ] back know how possession works. Let's go my girl, [ __, ] anymore. It's like a bad judge. Every case that is I need to just I, want to point out based on what you just said in his uh parole hearing. You know he was explaining his behavior and apologizing and everything, and he said, I'm sorry that things turned out the way they did classic non-apology sure right, I had no intent to commit a crime. Oh so he went in with the ski mask and a gun. It's not! It's not a crime yeah. This night II did not tend to yeah. That's nicely. First yeah, it wasn't my intention. Every was armed right, yeah, armed robbery and a ski mask yeah, but crying is it cause I, don't think he had a gun but I think this people, oh okay, okay, okay and he's like yo, you take the gun. You got a bright one. He's gonna launch it, the guy hey! You could do some damage with that book. Yeah. You know in its heyday Oh Jay I've seen I've seen your arm. Man I know you could hurt me with that cannon. I'm, not Oh, Jay average guy was a football with the same, build six and voice. Also Jay. Here's my face not Oh Jay. All right, then it's it anything. That's it. Oh dream on definitely I caught up. I'm thankful for lovers. Aren't you well. This is a pretty [ __ ] spicy wild ride of an episode. Everyone, okay, guys, I! Guess that's it! We can probably wrap it now! Yeah! Well, you guys have work to do you guys got to get into the lab. Yeah go home, I ain't! Going to trunk back, get back cringe mat suit back. Well, that does a sink back in the day in the early days of this podcast we'd have to go edit it, but now the live now. So that's what you made a blog. They put up tomorrow, XL video, alright! Well, thank you guys, Jack! Thank you Eric. Thank you! So much check out their YouTube yeah. Maybe it's a gription yeah make sure to check out their tone. Guys are the best. This was hilariously. Awesome. Wish you guys a call back on some time with that yeah. Let us you know I'm name the time and place. We will find out how we don't do: [ __, ], [, __, ]. True, that's positive! Last, very much the glorified way of hanging out yeah I'm. All for that I, don't get out of my house! All I do! Is that it's! Oh yes, please, Oh, cold, Anne, happy birthday! Thanks for doing all right, then then great job on the news, I will be a recurring segment. I hope you guys enjoyed it thanks for tuning in thanks for watching everybody. We appreciate you and we'll see you next Friday. So god bless you appreciate you Papa bless you Papa blessed Jake Paul's strongest army on earth. We are savage where your lineage, we never forget, never forget, don't buy the nursery. We'll find you, oh all, right, bye, everline, bye, guys! Thank you. So much welcome everybody back to the h3 podcast about to get into the ghost stories, but first, let's take a shot at any turn into Incan, Allah time, -, not anymore down it doubt your consumption, we'll just use that as your shoutout yeah, so we're going to get into ghost stories, because that's just a staple of the show here. It's a tradition, there's nothing better than a ghost story. Oh no son, I'm bored cheers to spooks and goofs this pretty good and then that it's been such a joy having you guys are the best man. I love! You guys this right back at you, buddies love in this room and it makes me so happy. Oh, this is fantastic. Lance really is I'm. Like you know, Jack and I are old, old, collab buddy. We really are man I'm speaking up. We got to do some more [, __, ], yeah I'm. Just laying, let me know if there's any make flags. Oh there's much more flights under when I thought. Okay, so one is a good one yeah. So this is the segment of the show where we talk about ghosts, which is a weird little segment. We do because I'm a very skeptical person as as hila I, don't really believe in ghosts, but the whole idea of the super national theme super national supernatural thing that fascinates me because it seems, like everybody, has an interesting ghost story. So with that being said, do you guys have any of those stories or supernatural supernatural anything as much as I like to listen to them? I still haven't seen much evidence that ghosts exist. I had one experience in one of my friends, houses and I was super drunk during in which I feel like most ghost stories. I send after our super drunk, oh yeah, drunk as [, __, ] and I was on the toilet right and as I was all did ghost story right, of course, because the ghost want to know what you're doing there like I, miss I, miss doing that and, like the whole night, they've been talking about ghost stories in that house and really I was like had in my head. I was like I really want to know. If ghosts are real, so I'm on the toilet, um I got nothing else to do. Are there any ghosts here? I'm like actually talking out loud? Oh my god, any ghosts in this house. If you, if there are, please do something: I'm, not I'm, intrigued by the fact that on the John you had yeah I, don't know. I was alone, like I was like no one's ever gonna know about this. Oh it's not about those randomly yeah! Well, it was an old house and they were like yeah. We have ghosts here and they were telling their hilarious. Okay. Okay, told me this [ __ ] is haunting and I was like I want to see a ghost and they're like well. Just you know stick around for a while. You might see one or you might see something creepy so I'm on the toilet and I'm like then it goes here. If there's a ghost here, just do something and a paper towel roll on the on the sink counter rolled a little bit. I was like cool ghost haha now, in my mind, thinking back, and that was obviously just a breeze coming in through the window. Oh, my that's moving it well I'm like asking into the nothing Neela's we either wants to believe in the supernatural now that how how would you breath move the doll, I, don't know and I like a window? It I think a window or something like that. But I saw it's the stupidest ghost story ever like. How do you know the grocery? Oh well want to move the paper towel wrong? Well, they hit it and I say God I need the fantastic story like I freaked out, though, like I ran that in the room there rails a guy's girl paper towel rolls myself. Ghost is like, because we want ghost hunting with post, Malone ones and I'm like, and he kept being like ela Ethan stop talking, because we're not gonna be able to hear the ghosts and I'm like these [ __ ] ass, [, __ ], the low tier ghost burst of their [ __ ] boy yeah. Every time what I would say it's like it's, that's that's the best you got mmm, you know remove the paper towel. Roll like like I, talked into the beyond I I spoke my words in tonight's, another generation of reality of an afterlife and what they had in response. Was they made a paper? Towel roll go but I'm going but like I, think on their side, they're, probably like channeling it that's [, __ ], that's a pretty good story about being on it. It makes me it didn't answer anything yeah and I felt really embarrassed about getting so worked up about it. In the immediate moments after cuz again, I was pretty blasted. I ran like ten of my friends who I immediately embarrass myself, a friend by being like girls ever but go through the paper. Towel roll guys go surreal. They're, like ah right, I, know what we're talking about. They just lay this on it. We stay here like shield babies, crying yeah, yeah, there's doors, there's chains being dragged on figuring out one sheet out of dude. It seems like it's always like you either you can find an explanation for it or you got a want to believe yeah. And then you like you have to make a well say that so to explain. Having ghost hunted with Austin, who is a believer that you? It definitely requires a leaf or, as I've observed and suspension of, disability, yeah sure it's fun, although don't worry, I didn't learn noses and then before we left but I feel like they more. You have to ask yourself, we wouldn't go something. We heard some really weird noises that spooked us all. We have to ask yourself: what's more likely a lizard or a snake kind of creature or a bottles ghost is the bchamel shouting it? It's like what really there's a better explanation after you have any ghost stories, I'm, so boring I! Don't because I was just racking, my brain the entire time and trying to thank you, I heard and I really don't. There's nothing! I like going just back my little history of time. Anything creepy and unexplainable I mean I, walk into a room full of ectoplasm ones, but I don't think that could be anything dude yeah yeah that could have just been a bunch of slimy, old, hag fish, so I real, sorry sure real, hey. What's on Nickelodeon, it was a Nickelodeon I should did you got slimed, oh man, member laughs, it's fun to think that ghosts are real. You know it really gives us hope. I like to believe like if I get hit by a bus tomorrow, I would love to be a ghost and just I'm done ohana. You love! Do ya! Yeah Oh somebody's got a hot tub. I wanna have like a like a ghost. You know like Patrick Swayze, absolutely I have to get into Potter he's gonna try to move on and I'm just going to honor a new life and [ __ ] I'm, just going to ruin that contest on your own, my one of them I can keep swinging around nothing. There's a towel. I'll tell you this I have a non-believer, but I would love to believe in the idea of an afterlife like I mean I haven't specifically I, don't think it's real, but I mean like it's just it's enticing. You know, I was I, was born and raised Catholic and at some point around like. Are you religious? No, no, some I, just kind of kind of just stopped I kind of questioned everything there's a point in time where I just started questioning. Did you go to church as a young bush or every Sunday, and sometimes Sunday and Tuesday? Twice a week, I went to a Catholic middle school just to eighth grade and yeah and I was super I prayed every night. I was very religious when I'm prayed like well. We prayers like Oh silly concerns. Please make my exam yeah yeah yeah help me help me study better. You know you never prayed for something to happen. You prayed for the strength to make it happen. I did that a lot so instead of like I, please let me be this trick to deal with this. Exactly like help me like, don't feel me an A+ on this test tomorrow. Give me the strength to study harder, get the A+. That's what I was told. I still I like that bit of an anthem is I, could put good energy on there and absolutely that I, don't just as a relative doing it will give you the strength to persevere at what age did you start questioning, 18 I, you know I uh this out got ready to [ __ ]. You know, like you know and I'll tell you what happened. This is so dumb. It wasn't until 18, I read Dan Brown's, The Da, Vinci Code that just got rocked my [ __ ] world right there and that's like it's so stupid, cuz it just like this pulp novel. You know, and it's just it's like. The chapters are three pages. Each in there a hundred chapters, one of those like every chapter- is a cliffhanger but honestly, like just the the cliff notes and just all the the research that went into it like I. Just that was the point where cuz up till then I never questioned anything and I was very religious, very religious. My a o L screen name in high school was uncorrupted 630, no 630, and it wasn't ironic, like that's my birthday: June 30, okay, no I'm, June, 25th, Oh Chad did not matter hey whatever, then yeah I hate it. That's our birth sign cancer. You know yeah, it's such a terrible sign of cancer yeah. What cancer as a sign, existed before the thing right, my the [ __ ]. They call it that when I call it like death, disease, I might write a catchy name: I sign it: death by 50 she's, not a catchy name but yeah like I. That's one would it for whatever reasons that book, and also the other one angels and demons that that just kind of like made me question my face and made me ask myself questions I never asked before I. Just kind of always believed you know, but I mean, like that's the personal thing: I never wanted. I, don't want like press down on people because it's like it works for me. It doesn't work for it. I like religion. You know we did whatever you want to believe. If it works for you, [ __ ] do it. You know, and that worked for me, but I did personally I never experienced a encounter and I'm lighter than my Braille God in some way went during your religious, a great question: um, nothing specific comes to mind and you feel like, like it's really superstitious this stuff, the guys name, yeah, cuz I used to be I used to be put in like yeah. When how about you? When did you start when I met this guy you ruined every day, teacher I was very into the righteous I was 19 I know, but it's around the same age, so yeah funny how that I just said you were dogs, bows, yeah, yeah, yeah and tell you bet beautiful, interesting. It kind of all done everything like clicks like a delicious sure, so I [ __ ]. Every look I woke my my name like I'm, not saying like you. If you believe in got your [ __ ] idiot like no I am NOT like that. It works for me and but I mean like did the dude, maybe like? What do I know? I mean my parent or does exist and I would love to be proved wrong. I would love to be mean that, like that's, not a challenge like I want to believe in I. Haven't I, just I, don't but I, really like just the notion of heaven. You know and I. Everyone describes their own versions of heaven and like what a lovely thing that could be, it just I, don't think it's real, but like I'm not going to rub it in someone's face and be like you believe in God, that's cute. You know like that. Looking [ __ ] that [ __ ] that move for people to know I, know and I hate be like. Oh, you believe in God, well, you're an idiot, well she's, I hate that at low level yeah it is very, very low. My mom, my mom, is still like. She believes in everything, but whenever you talk to her about it the what she sees in it is just good morals and and that that is just dying or for anyone, human decency, yeah or morals. Absolutely like the bite like if nothing else, the Bible has some great life lessons and it doesn't. It has really a double shitty once and don't you forget it so so, like yeah, your mom is a great person, but she doesn't oh yeah. She focuses on the good lessons like you know, be good to others. He'll know everyone says your phone is God. You know what everybody's got their own version of 100%. Some people are like, oh god, hates gay people. Yeah and like gay people are like well, I mean I, go to church and my god doesn't right exactly gay people, that's really about my. So how does different about every you know? Friend, I mean God. Is there mind of the man we create I'm in? In my opinion, we created a greater God, all the other way around so I'm like yeah, and it still works even in like we created this kind of idea. This very extract idea of this person who is situational, who you know, validates what we want to believe. That's what it's but I, love that it's validation, it's validation for all of our like drives and goals. It's like that. You know it's, and sometimes it's justification. To I mean our minds are not equipped to deal with the infinity possibility down the university Oh when we talk about God is just kind of we may be addressing that yeah, we individual fire and we were like who's responsible for this right yeah right now. Why does fire exist right? We didn't invent fire by the way. I don't mean that no, no, we never get caught up that I'm and me, but I get it, but it's true! Well, we learn to you, know utilize. It Rachel. We were like what, where does lightning come from, where menacingly imagine Apes running around little night and I mean it's a [ __ ]. We really somebody up there. Sending yell do eyes right right, right, horn, Eidos or hurricanes or lightning. How did you know in fact, then, that it was from a higher power course? That's the logical explanation. What l would like we heard? There's a big one of us up there, exactly controlling every I get it. You know. There's there's like you know. The idea of like a sentient universe, I think is like a really good like play it safe kind of version, I'm thinking about it. We're like you, can go up and like say something to the sky, but really you're, just like talking to yourself in a way yeah, favorite expression of that is what Carl Sagan said, which is my favorite. He says he. Humanity is a way for the universe to know itself Wow we're like the conscious mind of the universe, because we have this notion of self-awareness and observation and trying to use thanks to understand the world around us. So it's not so much that got like in a way. We are that God, because we have the ability to look in on the universe and understand it. So without that intellect the universe would just be a [ __, ] mechanical, it's just a clock, that's turning its gears, but there's needed mansion forever. That's all right! There's no way to be like this to a even acknowledge existence itself. Yeah. If we ever meet like an alien race, you know what [ __ ] God. Do they believe in right? Do you think they'll be crazy, lien race and they had the same copy of the Bible? Is us then I thought alarm. San Jose I would probably be like. You know what I guess. Whoa hang on. It is a ballgame yeah yeah. He told it how to make spaceships. All we had to do is not crucify him ha ha ha, but would it be win a big church or synagogue distinction? Really really? Is it finish it, the Jews all decisions did it first, but everyone else is a tester there's, always some salacious [ __ ] right. It's all the same guy. At the end game you fail. There are some kids at all today so high. Why? Let's see you I [, __ ], you that's an idiot. You know they were. They were Disney before that Disney Channel five news every day, bro never done before, oh and when I'm doing well right now, oh yeah, we really wrap it up Wow. Now we don't share Harry Greg, you Ethan. They gave you on it. This was all of them. Thank you. I come in yo yo come here. Thank you guys for joining us. Freaking watch live at twitch, calm, not twitch calm. They did again widget on TV / HP products. You can watch every Friday at 3 p.m. thanks for joining us. Thank you to these two wonderful, gentlemen and yellow, and course, and we'll see you next week. Guys thanks for tuning in appreciate, sometimes got it.