Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live. Today's episode is sponsored by stitch fix, Dollar, Shave Club and the black tux. Today's guest is the mega not just he's, not a superstar he's a megastar ninja, the twitch streamer and pro gamer and fortnight phenomenon. Many of you probably know who ninja is, but for those of you who don't know, let me give you some numbers to kind of put in perspective. What we're dealing with here so I was checking. Ok well, he's a twitch streamer. Let's start there at the at the beginning of the year, he had a just under a million subscribers. That was just a few short months ago, and a million subscribers on twitch makes him one of the biggest channels on twitch. She was a big deal fast forward to today, since that moment he's up over 6 million subscribers on twitch the biggest channel on twitch. By far now he's broken all the streaming records, he first broke the streaming record. What for the most concurrent viewers at one time when he played with the Drake? Yes, Drake mr. uh hot, whatever you guys know, drink, hey, mister yeah, exactly shed the sweater, I love, Jake, he's the greatest so jealous I get to sit across from someone who's played with Drake. That sounds bad I like I like him, for it I just have him on to get to Drake I'm thinking about Trane I lost my dream. He he broke the record one who's playing with Drake. The previous record was dr. disrespect. When he came back from his break. He had like three hundred thirty eight hundred thousand concurrent viewers, which was enormous so when Nietzsche blasts on the scene with Drake, they get six hundred thousand concurrent viewers. This is unbelievable. Four alive people sitting there watching like okay, and then he broke his own record again this last weekend when he was in Vegas putting on some really cool event that I want to talk about later with him, but that event broke. His own record was 660,000 live viewers. His YouTube channel, which is highlights of his Twitter stream, is unbelievable. He posts a highlight every day and these are getting like 4 to 7 million views every day. In the past month, in the past 30 days on, YouTube he's gained 3.2 million new subscribers and has 200 million views in the past month. In the past 30 days, I've never seen anything like it. It's unbelievable! It's exciting! It's cool to see that that somebody could take it. This far could blow up this much it's it's. Those numbers like don't make sense. I've, never seen like never seen anything like it. 3.2 million news today he's streaming with. Drake was the day we did our live, show at the improv and we streamed it really I'm, pretty sure that wasn't what was happening and we were like wow that was great. It was so much fun and then, after the show well, apparently there was something huge going on. Nobody cared about, no, not shitty live show anyway. Yeah I, remember like just that. That was the first time I heard about him feel like if you thought that was crazy, you're 20,000 views I know that's got a dude, we used, we could pull like 10 to 30,000 outside and those were like top numbers for the longest time. 30,000 was like top top dog in it. This guy now come just. Will casually stream with over a hundred thousand I, didn't think it would be possible. It's incredible. It's super exciting and I'm super happy for him to, because he's a nice sweet, genuine guy, he's been in the game for a long time, he's been a pro gamer for ten years. Okay, so this isn't some overnight the guy's been grinding heart and he deserves his success. He's a sweet guy he's an interesting guy super excited to talk to him. I hope you guys are excited to watch. So we are just gonna hop off we're gonna go grab him he's coming in soon, so stay tuned, we'll be back shortly with your boy ninja. So do not go away! God bless! You appreciate you you're the best I love you dad cut me off because I don't stop know how to stuff what up pimps we've got the man here: yeah boy, ninja, aka, Tyler, Blevins! Yes, let's play where's the origin of beloved uh I, get that everyone so mama. It's like Welsh, my mother, yeah, well, [, __ ] means a little wolf. Oh oh yeah, man, that's wonderful, they're, cool yeah, I really said. Maybe that's to be my gamertag instead or a little wolf. You know. So we were in showing you before you came in just talking about all the the unbelief like unprecedented numbers. You've been smashing, yeah I've, never seen anyone I mean I've not been on YouTube the longest, but I've been around for a little bit now, like five years now and I've, never seen in all my time. Someone come up so hard yeah, so fast right, I mean first of all. How has that affected your life because it seems like you were popular, but in the past four months, according like oh yeah, unbelievable, so with how long I've been like streaming and doing all this content stuff like that, the the massive growth really hasn't changed much because it's like in my own way, I kind of was like relevant. Essentially. So it's just really cool to see to see how girl, like looking at the statistics, we're looking at like numbers and how quickly other people have grown to and to just kind of like smash. All of that and is amazing- it's mean it's yeah, it's unbelievable yeah and nothing's really changed. Honestly. The wife and I still have the same schedule. If anything, we just kind of I mean I'm actually trying to stream more right so that you know there's more content on like the Instagram clip right and everything so no I mean coming from YouTube. We had mentioned the intro, but you you have like 3.3 million subscribers in the past 30 days. Yes, we're averaging nine. Every nine days is a million subscribers about 100 left had 120 a day, and those are just clips from your twitch streams. They are not yes, they are not. Very rarely will I try to so like in a live stream. If I wanted to I could do like okay, this game is gonna, be tips and tricks, so I'll literally intro it in to the live stream and then make it more like professional. It's fun fact actually just tested that, for the very first time doing a light machine gun only this new gun that came out in four night I was like okay, I'm, dude tips and tricks this game right, it's gonna, be great, like I, think I was thinking. 10 million views like in like a couple of like days like two days, and it actually didn't do the great great. It's not like it's like right in the middle of kind of where a lot of my just pre-recorded, like ripped content, is and so that actually it was something that blew my mind. I. Think people like the authentic experience yeah want the real deal. They want to see the crazy [, __ ], that's happening again, exactly and I think that, in my opinion, I think a lot. A lot of a lot of youtubers who are trying to like do the the YouTube live content or their YouTube content. That is planned and they come over to twitch and it is live. It's there. There's like a disconnect there. It's ah you're right, yeah, it's hard. It's it's a highly different world and it is. This is live yeah we still suck at it, but it's like the whole lot. Well, we've streamed video games before. Yes, it can be revoking brutal, like Ustream. How long do you usually stream for oh, so the schedule is like 9:30 is when I'll start in the morning and then I play until like fours like six hours, 600 hours and then I'll take a nice three four-hour break with the wife and dogs and then or family. We have like family nights and stuff like that too, and then come back on around like seven o'clock, central and stream into like three two in the morning and then so. It's like it's minimum like twelve hours a day is what we're trying to be and then I'll sleep for, like less than six hours or seven hours. Do you ever get like I would stream for like five hours a couple times and I was like I'm [, __ ] done for the week like I'm, not making YouTube videos. You hung on in bed, I'm done for the week yeah! No, it's it's! It's just like I've been doing it for so long, so maybe I built up a tolerance or something like that, an immunity to like that. Well, it seems like you really love it. Oh dude! That's that helps really yeah and being honestly being good at the games. My worst days, where I'm also the taxed the most are when I'm not doing well right and I. Think that's because you know it just sucks and also like mentally draining I'm kind of worried about I didn't perform today, like it's, not okay, don't happen, often, which, like that's a lot of pressure too. Yes, because you're, the best quote-unquote you think you're the best for tonight I would never say that no, no, you have to like not not like I've, never said it because I think I am, but it sounds bad yeah, yeah I know right. Alright! Now, if you, if you put yourself there, like you, you're already kept all downhill exactly you saying, oh I'm, saying and also I can't learn like at that point. It's kind of like oh I'm, the best there's no room for growth right and that's not well from my point of view when I watch your videos in your stream I'm just like what the [ __ ], that's the gold man, but like also that must come with an extraordinary amount of stress. Like you said you streaming and you're having off days, and you feel bad so does that stress to always perform like so good? How do you cope with that? It really just it's again like those days, don't really happen too often, so I got them really. Once every like two or three weeks, I'll have just like a really bad day, where I'll wind, only a couple games- and you know it's great actually just having such a supportive community, because I'll get like a donor or someone in stem. It's just a hey man like nice to know you're human like that is important. You know and I'll do my best, also just be like hey guys, even I suck, sometimes like cuz I'll. Have you know ten games in a row where I just died off the start and I'm like but I'm a very good like at resetting as well, so like sometimes I'll have like a bad first hour or something like that and like one time, I joked around and I completely like restarted. My stream, essentially I, didn't thought. The intro screen back in I, laughed I came downstairs, play the song and I was just like hey guys. What's up first game of the day here we go and I'd up winning that game. We're like 20 kills or something like that. Did you make a conscious effort to get really good at the game, or was it just I mean you're professional gamer you've been gaming for what like 10 years? Oh my entire life, but professionally, like seven, eight. Okay, when fortnight came out, what was it did you have kind of a feeling of like this? Is gonna, be a big game? What was your process of being like I'm gonna, be really good at this game, or are you just good at all games I'm, good at all games and that's just from being a gamer mine right, my entire life yeah. It's literally what I do so and I played a lot when I was growing up a lot of RPG games. You know the teenage Ninja Turtles legend of legaia Legend of Dragoon and Final Fantasy, and then halo, 1 Goldeneye. These Super Smash Bros I literally played every game imaginable. You know written dude, road, rash, I, don't this amazing man squeal back dude, it was amazing, run a motorcycle and you could like buy and upgrade your motorcycles and, like you had like you could like whip, like you know, with chains like you're, the other guys. Next to you, it was actually super fun, but no yeah playing all those games. Just kind of made me you were. You were prepared from all angles: yes, yes, sir d, and also what people don't yet for night man, it didn't blow up right away by any means ever no I was I kept my eye on it. I always check out my chat right and when they're asking you to play a game or play with someone in the back of my head. I'm always like. Okay, like this needs to be there's some research on this and either watch it or you know, watch this guy's content and see if I could be someone to collab with and stuff, and the game was not being received well by a lot of top broadcasters. I was watching that they were complaining about it. Oh it's too cartoony! Oh, it's not fun. It's not no scale, it's not and then, but when I'm watching it myself. I'm like this, this looks really entertaining they're really fun. So I waited for. There was like an AR update where they like increase the accuracy or whatever and I was like okay. This is my I kept telling my chat like I will play it just soon. I will play it soon. I will play it soon and then finally, I switched from pub G love. The game was not very good at it in terms of the shooting is not the difficult part it's building and that meta kind of grew over time and I figured that out how important it was to obviously block shots from people, shooting you and then once I figure that out I think that's what I'm missing I'm so bad at the game. Yeah the whole fort aspect. You know penis, gallery, I, literally love that ya know it's building is literally the most important thing. The way that you just like. Well, good players, they'll like build a whole [, __ ] tower yeah like jumping and building on it, I can't be I, can't get it. Oh yeah I know that is that that's the part that really takes a minute to get down so you'll find that there aren't that many talented players like in every game. So if you just build simple little structures, you can win that's enough yeah, it is. It is, but again if you're gonna run into a Mira, you know another top player. That is like trying actually game lame-o you're dunk on yeah yeah. It's very easy to tell if somebody's, not good, I think for tonight's such an interesting game, because well, if you look at, if you compare it to pub G, which is just a pretty simple shooter with a really cool, it's actually super basic. It's super basic. It's got a really cool concept and a cool map. Yes, that concept is basic. Yeah and fortnight took it then next step further by introducing another element of strategy yeah, it went like Super Saiyan, like God like like vulture and say, turned it and real I catch a game of chess. Yes, it really was so like. The a lot of people are like. Oh you know, built like pub. G requires so much more skill, because you know there's no building, you know and it's like wrong. It's exact opposite, like pub G, someone sees you from a mile away with a times, 15 scope, yeah. It can hide in a building and kill you and have the and be completely it's not difficult to shoot a gun and hit. Somebody like gun skill is not is never the main reason that someone's talented at a game. It is literally their decision making, like you, know next level stuff. What are they thinking? Ten steps ahead and pop G, you and not saying the game does obviously require talent, but less of less of it. In my opinion, there's a lot less of a skill gap. Yes, where you can get this good or as good like with you. If you were trying everything if I try every game and I, don't I a lot of games for me, throwing you know the impulse bombing in aiding myself 50 feet in the air and trying to like swag on someone with a noscope like if I did not do that. I only went mega, trihard I'd win like 90% of my games. It really 1,000,000% I'll and I'll ant. A 1 million percent Elena tilted towers, dude like I, would never land there. I would try it. I would land in very outskirt and like sides like I died, mainly because I other messing around too much I under arrest or entertaining you're, not playing exactly I, find that balance yeah and some days the worst days are when I try to goof off too soon, I don't get wins and then now I'm trying, but now I'm kind of in my own head and then I'm, not gonna, win and then oh yeah weird. So we touched briefly on like how fort net wasn't really that popular frighten it where he didn't really come from, because I remember when doctor disrespect was here. Yes, we asked him about fortnight because we just had Brendan green the right, Bob, G crater on like a week before cool, and it was like fortnight- was like this cool little game that was kind of just riding the Battle Royale wait up and then all the Select. Suddenly it was like the most popular game in the world who so I mean I think that it stems from really being free-to-play right and that's it's kind of like League of Legends yeah, perfect, you literally. If you want, if you want this, is why I don't know a lot of people aren't doing it like concept of like League of Legends kind of did that free to play in game? Skin purchases are where they make the revenue game and it's a solid game. I think what it was. Someone very recent. We had a conversation with foreign. It does not feel free to play absolutely not, and that is that's actually shroud. It was shroud. I was watching trout stream and he was playing a game that literally was like a puppy knockoff completely like 100% and it's free-to-play, yeah and and the comment that he made was like for Annette does not feel free to play, doesn't and neither did League and correct. That's why it was so successful. Oh yeah, everyone recently had a conversation. I mean a lot of people like if there I mean like taking pictures all the time in in the airport and like this one guy, his dad was just like, like oh, like I gotta buy it I should buy it like it sounds cool I'm like down-low, it's free, it's almost the that's. How hmm it's, how we can go viral yeah, it's so accessible! You can even compare it to like basketball or baseball or football in a way because you don't need to you just need a ball using you can play. Yes, it needs to be the same way if the game ever wants to be comparable on that level agreed like you cannot like unless the game is literally God's gift to the earth like you cannot expect a game, a destiny. That's a $60! It's got it's a huge barrier! Oh yeah. Yes, yes, especially since Destiny's like what is actually on everything. Besides mobile and stuff, like that yeah that just came out on PC right for two but yeah ma'am can't expect people to just buy it's interesting. He bucks a lot of money. I. Think a lot of people are like I. Don't want free-to-play games to, on the other hand, because they're like I, don't want a bunch of trash and I, don't really access rights right and I, don't want to have to pay for [ __ ], but the way that they do. It is so perfect unoffensive. Well, they have a they have the single player you have to pay tip. If you want to yes, but totally unnecessary, yeah I mean it's been actually super fun. I thought of dude I loved. It I seen a lot of videos in it. I mean it's great, like a tower defense. Man have you played it. I mess around with it a little bit, I actually try not to because there's less like there's no delay. There's no jump fatigue on the that which, always when you jump in and you like, it's gonna pollute your it does like I would jump in the survival one, and it's like instant, like I, can tell. There was no connection involved whatsoever, like oh, my god and I switched over. It's like playing on it's a claw three up: dude halo, three, yes halo! Three man on a LAN to online Xbox Live is completely night and day. So that's funny mmm-hmm. When I first heard about you when I first saw you on the radar was when you had this incredible game with Drake. Oh and you guys broke the concurrent views record right was sick about 600,000. It was like 650 650 hundred which, before the devious record, was like docks like Greece 30 or something who did start with for them before before before it was before T ones. Come back, Tywin's come back hand before docks. It was someone else, I forget who it was I, don't remember, anyways. No, yes, so Tywin smashed it with uh with his you know, League of Legends unbanned, and then he made that cool Draven cosplay, which is awesome, and then he was like 360 or so. I got 300, 300, octane back right, 390 thread and 37 I'm insane and then yeah we sweeper much doubled. It was. It was crazy. I, never seen numbers I didn't know, numbers like that were positive, I didn't either, and then you broke it again. This last weekend with your event in Vegas. That I really want to talk to you about I love to yes, but you you had like 660. What did you have picked? 80 I think was a the numbers were an hour which is like kind of unfortunate that they aren't like twitch I, don't know if they can actually release the exact I. Think the met no they're, not ready the ability to the metrics are weird Oh on something like on my screen. Right now, I can be on twitch like right now you could have 25 years. 100,000 I have no idea, but I could see ninety-one. Someone else can see 92 really yeah. It's people are in and out yeah and with three L's. Sorry without our Alice I mean like it's like a story. It's a long game. It's the same thing with League of Legends. Actually the viewer dip right. So you start the game up boom. Your viewer, you literally I promise you like. No one will lose viewers. As the game goes on in one game, you will only go up and then the second the game is over. Your yeah, you lose about 1050 like I, lose like I'll, lose like thirty thousand viewers and now gain them right back in huh. That's super interesting yeah I mean it makes sense. They probably have [ __ ] to do waiting, for they want to see the wind right. There's a lot of people were like I mean yeah I, don't know. What's wrong, like I'm not going to bed till you win the game, we win this game or like win this game and people they're invested ya, know the drakes. It kind of thousand the event Vegas that what what are what a sporting events can't live? Well, it's like a basketball game, get who actually know that damn hook that up I'm, curious, I, know yeah I. Think the statistic wise this is something was released like two three four years ago, something like that was like the total views of riots world's event was like 20, mil or 19 mil, or something like that and then like the Superbowl was at like 60 ml. Well, the Super Bowl. Of course, that's a tough figure that stat it was. It was the World Series, actually smashed the World Series didn't completely smashed it. The World Series had nine or something like that. Nine. That was over the course of the whole series, not just one game. What's the static n uh, it was like the world. World Finals for League of Legends was more than all six or seven games of the World Series combined yeah. All sporting events, except for the here we go, we've got so you've got. A national basketball league gets on average two million per game. Two million views per game. Yeah. Okay, now compare that like in a way you're just a dude playing a game right. It's getting there right, oh yeah, it's definitely or when you actually had an event. You had almost 700,000. Yes concurrent, it was like a seven-hour event. It was long and and if you compare it to NBA, you've got 20 professional, not even 20 cuz. You got the bench. You got. The coaches you've got like a hundred full-time athletes, making tens of millions of dollars right. I. Think it's funny how when you it's, nobody like we've all been wondering for so long like when's, it gonna get there. Oh it dude, yeah I mean I, think that I'm just happy that I'm at the forefront of it, oh yeah, right, you're, definitely spearheading it. Yeah and I wanna I mean that's. The goal is to obviously never stop thought. It'd be I mean you know, ten years from now someone like, let's just say this- is the year 2018, right and I. Think it is historic. I do think I hope, so man I do think so hope more games with Drake. You know I, think we'll be a couple. Mike will be there, but I think it's so funny. Whenever I see you on an interview, they're always obsessed with like so you get paid. Half a million dollars. Tell me about that. How do you make so you're just playing games? People give you money, it's like it's kind of annoying, and it annoys me because it's like imagine having LeBron James and be like so people pay you eighty million dollars to play game. It's frustrate, you just dribble a ball right and you shoot the ball and they pay you. Eighty million yeah, it's frustrating I I, never I'll, never ever react in a negative way to yes because it comes from comes from it and it simply mad about it. Of course exactly, but sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it seems like it doesn't mean you like it exactly listen. If you want to be better than the tens of millions of seven billion people in the world and be better than them at something and like do you think you should get paid like and and and then hear their response, I never I never have asked or been rude like that, but I'd love to hear what they say. Well, it's it's not art! This statement is just so stupid. Cuz we already are paying people to play, games right, Eve way more than your make. You tell me you've seen the meme I'm sure you have. What is where did this? This dude is literally he's on twitch right. It's why it's one of those like a there's, a name for the style of the of the cartoon joke right, but it's like he's just like chillin Washington's, like hey. What do you right now little bobble he's like oh I'm, watching this guy play video game. Jeez, that's stupid walks like 10 feet, sits on a couch and turns on the basketball game or dad I know. So you watch someone else. You watch someone else play a game. It's like! Yes, is this dude you've been doing it for hundreds years, but better dude, it's even but that's of thing. The live integration right, I was actually just in an interview. I can't talk about it, but like one of the things, one of the things I mentioned was imagine someone being able to to LeBron streaming. Whatever you know, Drake being able to literally, you know, donate five dollars to interact with guaranteed question that will be answered. Yeah, oh I, think it was like oh yeah, and not only that, like ma'am now he's okay, I think you good. We all bonded over our keys before not only not only that, but you get that you couldn't play with them right. You play the same game as them. Where I can get good. You have the resources. You just play the [ __ ] game right, it's I, don't know it's way: cool, no and I agree and well before I get ahead of myself. I did want to ask like you had this big game with Drake and it was. It was kind of meteor, meteorite, meteorite 'ok, that's a wordy or meteoric meteora. It was meteoric and that the media, it was like a thing that they could latch onto and be like. This is a crazy thing, so did anything change for you, after that big game. I think that that kind. That's I, think that that literal one match with Drake made it okay for everyone to play. Video games- hmm I, mean like how many this is something I've had a conversation with a lot of people about it's like who who's bigger than then Drake and in the world of like social media I couldn't pick a crazy LeBron James is someone that I would like right up there you're you know and then maybe like some crazy, crazy actors, but really game well, but literally I was gonna, make that reference, but and like what would break the internet and like kind of kind of people honestly, you know you start over who's, one of the very first famous people that I played with and like it's a good place to start it I would think so and then like about immediately, even even that night alone, Travis Scott messages, I saw hey, get me in there and it's just like you're good to play with right. No, but not even that, but I think I think so. So this is something that's funny like Travis. Actually like drop me in post maids throughout the game. One time and I was like okay, the only reason he did. That is because he knows he must watch the stream. He doesn't follow me or anything like that, but he clearly watches because he knew that I loved those grenades. It was actually really cool. That's awesome, um and yeah. No I think that literally that moment of playing with Drake made it it. Everyone is just like okay I can I can like tweet about this. I can like tell everyone that hey, it is cool. The gamer I can play I play video games too. It definitely made it cool, but I feel like even playing with Obama may not have been crazier. It wouldn't be as dope yeah. Unless Obama asks you pass if he was and here's the thing man if they urge any. If they're actually like interested in the game, then it'll be natural and I'd be like organic and that's kinda was a trick. Jp played all the time. It's a fact that Drake was a fortnight player and a pub Jeep player or watcher yeah. Did people know that before he caught a game with you, no I, don't think anyone knew I mean I. Don't think anyone knew about that at all and like when one of the greatest conversations of that night was when I I think I asked him was like so how long you been playing for a night or whatever say: oh yeah I've been playing for a minute man I've been watching you for, like a while I saw you win that tournament as just imagine Drake at home, watching you and you don't even know yeah exactly and do that's the thing do in no one. None of these people really go out of their way because it's truly right now it is becoming cooler and okay and acceptable, but people did not like maybe no one wanted to yeah you'd like that Oh Drake watch. Someone play video games, it's like you, but if everyone plays video games come on right, so it's like okay, now I do think it's a genuine think. It's historic I, don't think that video gaming professionally has ever got that level of not not just publicity but like good publicity right and you and I to your credit, you went on. You did all the interviews. You talk to people and there's a lot of shitty characters out there, and but you were presentable, you were positive. You made a you were a great face. Thank you, I think I was on it. I was so I'm, so happy for you and I was so relieved to see you talking. I was like this is a good. This is the perfect dude for the step. Thank you, ma'am yeah, thank you ma'am. So just don't stop yeah, listen, no I know no intention whatsoever. Man I mean I've turned the stream completely into into be like g-rated man, I literally it was in a conversation earlier, like my goal, is to make it like. You know your classic spongebob squarepants, we're like the parents at home can get like a dirty joke or something like that. But the kids are completely oblivious right. I feel like it's genuine to court. If, if someone like that, oh yeah, it's not like I have to you know like I. Don't have to do that at all, and a lot of people who are famous don't give a [ __ ], and they don't do that at all. Yeah, like that's something where it's like: oh yeah, absolutely man, one parent, I, think email me and was just like, would really love. If I could you know, watch you and not have to meet the stream and we're just like it's got it. This is like this. Is it like? We talked about making it family-friendly and like now it's like. So how did you just cut out cursing? Were you cursing a lot before? Oh yeah I mean it's it's a gaming thing really it is and the chart not so it's like, of course, and like it's not in my opinion, man. The cursing thing is like, of course, little kids should be running around dropping f-bombs or swearing at all. You know at that age, and it's simply just because it's like you, don't understand the meaning behind it. There's so many other things and also other meanings that the word certain words have. But it's not like I was, you know a bad person or anything like I just swear. It was gaming, been involved it in my entire life, but I've been cutting out certain. You know things and phrases that were accepted in the gaming community and, as it becomes more popular they have to phase out. Has it been difficult, no easy, yep I have my brother Chris is someone who I really admire with how he can turn off a you know, he's got and just what's the perfect word I'm trying to he just he switches it off. You know I mean what he was a neat. He says whatever he wants, we talk about whatever he said, nice impressed, oh and then he's a teacher, - he's incredible right and it'll, and it's literally night and day you're. Talking like completely, you know and that's something that I'm trying to like master. So how did you and how did you hook up with Drake? Ah dude love this story. One of my favorites to tell literally I, am a friend of came up to me. One of my good friends Alex. It was like hey man like there's someone telling or someone has like your Instagram posts. Like are posting your clips on for tonight on Instagram and they're, getting like 200 300 400 thousand likes every single video that I need. I'm gonna! Do that right, so we didn't like strike the dude or anything because I didn't I, don't know anything about Instagram whatsoever. So I just had my account already a while ago, I had like 60,000 followers that I I love that noise by the lab I mean something went really doing, say no, no, no. It so started making a lot of Instagram posts and it just caught fire so fast and like really quickly I think I had a million in like less than a couple of weeks. Great, like the videos were being, you know, received very well, which is weird I, think there's the hashtags or how they got anyways. That's irrelevant, I'm interested, don't know. So we made sure that, like my my youtube, editor James he's incredible. He helps me with my Instagram posts. We split that, like we'll just throw up a clip every once in a while, but like the hashtags or something that we literally pretty much just copied from like other four night. Hashtags are famer for Nate this for night live when it clipped, and then we put those into ours and then they just I think they enter the system. Oh yeah, it was literally our first, our first, our first four and I clip got like 500,000 Wow only about 50,000 followers, nuts. What is the benefit of posting to Instagram, for it litora sides exposure or it's just exposure. Man, kids, like YouTube, like the younger generation from what and it took I'm kind of kicking myself in the face not face kicking myself myself somewhere myself, because you know that I didn't make the connection. When you know I visited my one of my like cousins in Chicago Orangeburg in like Michigan or whatever, and his kid was like 10 years old or something but was on Instagram really and I didn't know and I was like I'm so dumb that I didn't think to start making a lot more Instagram posts, but eventually now obviously started doing it, and that's how I found me literally Wow connected. It was completely natural, a lot of people. There's someone who I want to talk about Bono. We thought it was like. Oh, it was total stage total stage ever probably pay Drake, there's no way this was like off like Drake would be interested in getting did like he would be something like dude he'll give a [, __ ], alright, exactly how much you can pay this guy milli was good yeah. So so it was super organic and he followed me my entire chat freaked out, so he doesn't follow that many people in Instagram I. Imagine clearly I was weird really we were streaming and the chat was like Drake fought how these people know. Everyone said she I, don't know I'm. So crazy champagne, pop ethology, shampoo, papi, followed you and I was like champagne, papi, oh that's Drake, oh oh sprin sit upstairs right, told my wife showed her and she's just like nope like you got to be kidding me so falling back and then he reached out was like. Let's play, oh good, that's the crate! Not only did he follow you for him to reach out and be like, let's play yeah, we had a huge talk about, should we reach out to him or not and then and something that I'm always trying I'd try to will always try to do is, like you know, I'm, not a I'm like very I'm, very, not very Fanny, of too many people and that's how I'm always going to try to just come off because it's like no one wants to hang out with a fan and and I mean I was a fan, but, like it's super easy when Drake was also really chill yeah. That's super cool man like immediately. He was just like we're just kicking it. You know gaming, that's freaking, awesome, yeah man, that's so cool guys. We're gonna take a short break. We will be right back, do not go away. Do not leave Dan cut me off, we'll be right back after this commercial break, see you guys soon. Thank you to stitch fix for sponsoring this episode of the H Street podcast style. Some of us have it, and some of us don't have it's easy to tell between the two of us, which one doesn't have it yeah I'm kidding. Obviously, I. Look like a hobo. If you don't dress me you're my stitch fix without you, I would be a hobo. Where is my fee? Yeah come on you get. You get your fee I cook, for you I clean. Sometimes what are you seriously trying to come at me like? Oh, you don't get anything out of this. No I do other stuff, I can't think of it. At the minute you walk. Straighter I walked redder, you can get your own illa klein your own hair, as it were at stitch, fix here's the deal with them. Some of us cannot dress ourselves. Let's be honest about it. Myself. I need a care. You probably do too. Okay, just because, if you want to look good and you don't it's not possible to attain, there's no time like the president discovered that Sal, you never knew you had and you can, with your own personalized care from stitch fix. Six fix has reinvented how we find and buy clothing just answer. Some basic questions about your size is favorite styles and budget right from your laptops, Mar, Fenne or tablet. You personalized stylus then springs into action. They wrote it in like bold and I. Love like this brings an action as if they're, like sleeping it's bold and italic. They like oh [, __, ] I got a dress. Someone they've got that much passionate enthusiasm. That's what ela does when she sees me walk out of the closet, with what I'd use you to be wearing she'll, be like. Oh, my god. It's concert. Last night you expressed your interest in new shoes and then I was up until 2:00 a.m. looking for shoes. For you, that's what you can get from them. It's incredible service in ela may actually I mean you might want to moonlight for them. I think you'd be really good at it. Ela might be picking out your outfit, who knows stitch fix styling fee is only 25 bucks, which is waived. If you keep all five items, that's a good deal, I, don't even pay! You of that, and since your personalized stylist uses only your preference to pick your clothes you're still in complete control, not gonna, take over your life, no commitment required. You don't have to get married to them. Like I did once your items arrived, try them on and only pay what you keep. Don't like something need another size, just send the item back. No questions asked I love that implication like. What's what are you gonna ask like seriously dude? What was a really something wrong with her? Or did you just gain five pounds since we shipped it and shipping is always free. Both ways get your fixed. Whenever you want or sign up to receive scheduled shipments. The choice is yours: dan loves stitch, fix, he's still rocking that sweater every day. It's getting weird I, don't know when he stinks and I'm like oh Dan's, wearing not him, but the sweater cuz. He wears it so much I'm like Oh dance, wearing stitch fix again I made all that up the stinky part I, don't want to defame Dan he's a clean guy, but he does wear the sweater. A lot call to action, hurry to stitch, fix, calm, slash, age, three get started right now, keep all five items in your box and you'll get 25% off your entire purchase. That's stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, get your don't care today. Thank you! Stitch fix. God bless you Dollar Shave Club when I say Dollar, Shave Club. If the first thing that pops into your mind is an amazing, affordable shave, then I'm about to blow your mind because there's way more to it than that. How about this Dollar Shave Club has got more than just razors. They got shampoo, Body, Wash, toothpaste and, of course, the best razor I've ever used. That's not even a joke. It's the only razor I'll ever use them doesn't give me a razor burn. It feels and Clyde's it's a meaty. It's weighty! It's got a hefty metal handle that you gotta feel for yourself, but the true hero of any morning routine is the butter. They've got dr.. Carver shave butter. This stuff's amazing, like oh, oh I'm, gonna, put [ __ ] like whipped cream. On my face mm-hmm, you met. You know that [ __ ] yeah. Look, you look like a cream pie, but this, but it's like it's like actual butter. Just goes oh glides across your skin. You have to try it for yourself and with everything delivered right to your door. That means no more trips to the store wandering aisles hunting for razors shampoo toothpaste, then having to play a be a cashier and bag. Your own items are you flipping kidding me. You expect me to bag. My own items get real. That's why you're going out of business in Dollar, Shave Club has taken over the game for a mind-blowing experience, join Dollar, Shave Club today and for just $5 with free shipping. Yeah got six blade, executive, razor plus trial, size of shave, butter body, cleanser and one wipe Charlies, that's a butt wipe and it's called a one-way, because it's just that effective, don't use dry, toilet paper and just smear [, __ ], all over your [ __ ]. This is ineffective and it's disgusting you going with the wet one and that's all you need well frankly, it's not necessarily one! Why? Because it's a big rectangle and you kind of have to you, use the space allotted to you. So you can probably get like five good wipes from one it's just wasteful to just wipe with one. Don't you agree, one wiper, if you're using a wet one, you gotta get like good a couple, but you want one wipe. Does it all I want people to know this? You have to wipe more than once, generally speaking, I'd care about you guys, you don't want and wish the best for you get yours. Dell, Jesus I really went on a tangent there, all that and get the blade the butter, the cleanser the wipe, and then you keep the blades coming for a few bucks. More a month get yours at dollarshaveclub.com slush HD, that's dollarshaveclub.com, h3! Try those products out, I guarantee you're gonna. Look at all! Thank you for sponsoring a shredder, not now shredder chill out. Thank you to the block talks. The black tux black tux is a-ok, and this is a great service. Getting a tux or ax or suit is an unbelievable nightmare for anyone. It's expensive, it's a schlep. It's this whole song and dance that you don't want to put up with it's ridiculous. Okay, but the black tux makes it easy for you and they make it a wonderful beautiful thing for your next big event, whether you're going for a stylist, selected outfit or building a custom. Look. The black tux has tons of new suits and tuxedos to choose from for your big spring event and with their new fit algorithm. You don't have to awkwardly measure yourself or ask a friend for help: hey, hey Jim. Can you measure my crotch mm-hmm? You don't do that anymore. Unless you want to the black tux. Does it for you? They use your height, your weight and other info to predict your size using their fit algorithm, plus the black tux free home. Try on lets. You see the fit and feel the quality of your soup before the event. Your order will arrive 14 days before your event. Try it on make sure it fits if not send it back for adjustments and remember how simple returns are where it turns some heads then send it back three days after the event, shipping is free. Both ways stand out at your event, for the right reasons to Jesus, don't be like me at Jack's wedding and show up late and be turning heads for that reason, turn them for the right reason. Don't show up in a Hawaiian shirt turn heads for the right reasons with the black tux. The black tux is the easy way for guys to rent suits and tuxedos online. Try this you're not going to regret it, get $20 off your purchase, visit the black tux comm, slash h3h3, that's the d black tux comm /, h, 3 HD for $20 off your purchase, the black tux premium, rental suits and tuxedos delivered right to your gut flippin dang door. Thank you to all of our sponsors, guys if you're in the market, please support them, because it makes all this possible thanks for Wes get back into it. We are back with ninja what up dude! Let me ask you this yesin professional gaming. A lot of people have been saying like furl. It feels like a long time like it's happening. It's happening, it's happening, it's gonna happen like it. Never really happened, yes and never I mean it's never really got to that place. What do you think are the biggest challenges that face professional gaming I've always thought, for example, the fact that the popular games are always rotating, and so it's hard to like like baseball, it's always baseball always, and so do you think that there's any? Is there solution right or is that just inherent problem of the I think right? No I think that it's gonna be something definitely that is always gonna, be a hurdle for sure. You look at League of Legends. In my opinion, the reason that they're so successful is the game has been the exact same minor -, some upgrades to the maps and new champions, but I think those new champions like that. Like that's this thing like like a fortnight, let's just say for when it goes eSports right, which I think we you send me that right or no no rod, slash I mean excuse me China. Some someone is investing 15 million in in foreign aid eSports in China, like that's happening, based on what you did in Vegas, which we will talk about, but sir I mean that's like oh evidence. Yes, so so, let's just say, 496 around you know or creates that that eSport, like the way, a that it needs to evolve, is in a very minimal way. So constantly constant, like new skins, clearly like maybe like a new map right, but it always needs to be 49 because that make sense same thing with League of Legends hound League is always League and the new champions is actually a spin where it's like. Okay, this is different. It's cooler and you can always do bigger and better and that's great and now like the Super, Bowl I mean football. Those things are always the same, and sometimes the rules change a little bit here and there right and that's kind of like how how it should be sports needs exactly the dude I'm telling there's a reason that call of duty and halo are like for lack of a better word is falling off its and it's simply just because new games do you lose you're gonna, do to you I'm an h1 fan, man, halo, only dude, heee, all the way, halo team and all hits you lose you're gonna lose always a chunk of your viewers. You know it's interesting. We've talked about before about Counter Strike did the beautiful thing is that the game was old. They re-released it same game, new graphics. That was it that was it right. The games and now super popular yes, yes, the game was been streaming in my opinion also really helped it well I mean, in my opinion, truly helped it blow up to where it was solid. I mean it was. Everything was like the number one twitch for a while, like right after were League of Legends I, think it was. The gambling had a lot of a lot to do with it as well, like the the appeal of cases and stuff, like that. Definitely helped and I think that now absolutely after, like a lot of the controversy, wouldn't talk too much about it. Those people who did those things really shed it put in a negative light and I also think that's kind of where it why it's not exactly where it should be today, mmm, oh for sure, yeah, you know, you know you know yeah. It was really very popular, but dude. Those gambling scandals have rocked sports for a long time. It's almost in a way a rite of passage right, they're, like oh, your gambling scandal like hey. We made it clear yeah, but yeah: do you think it's possible to have a competitive game? That's evergreen in the sense that a traditional sport is not okay, I kind of dark not until like a lot of older people smell you later, literally because right now the majority like you're, 50 or 40 50. So all those people they love gambling. What are the gamble they go and they watch football. They watch basketball right and so, when our generation can like right now, our kids are going to leave. 100% are growing up they. What do they want to be? Do they want to be the next LeBron some of them, but a lot of them want to be competitive players, professional players and that's simply because now it's accessible right, it literally didn't exist. You didn't meet, you couldn't have a computer 50 years ago. Right, that's true! Now you do you had a basketball, you're thinking like 30, what like 20, 30, 40 years, I think I think less truly, because I feel like with with the technology growing right now. You have the phones right to think the views are there and when the views are there, the kids are there. It's there, so I think honestly, I think you're gonna see a massive jump in the next 5-10 years: I'm Justin, but but we'll, but to the point where, like if eSports and these companies try to like bring in the older audiences, if they go out of their way- and they do that successfully, then it could be sooner, but that's hard, I, don't think you can convert I, don't know you think it's impossible. It really is this hard very few parents understand, including mine at the time when I was starting out, they were just always like you know like okay. What do you like? Mehran yep go, go, play yeah and then you know I'd be exhausted for 12 hours, but you know still being Charles going to school and working my job that I had, and that was why that was okay, but for a parent to be like excited about their kid, it's kind of even crazy to think about a world where they can be like I want to be a pro gamer and the parent encouraging that and be like. Alright, you did you practice today. You imagine that right. You play fortnight for eight hours today, how many wins yeah? How many wins you get in China and like Asia, like that side of the world really is like they're already kind of there right. There are parents who are like they are like you need to play. They want their kids to be the next person. The next up, faker right like because that's their is their I'm. You go there. You see there, they sell these massive arenas. Dude it's insane. The world here was: oh, my god was it I, don't know well, I think was I think was in Beijing China it was. It was some it was massive dude. It literally was like a they had drum lines and like it was insane, you have to watch the rebroadcast well-worth the games. They were playing just league of legends dude, Oh Lee, it was it was. The league is so popular stuff. It's again the four-night formula, the league of legends formula, I'm, sorry, there might have been someone before Lee. That did it too, but Lee is the one that is the biggest right now. Besides for Nate yeah, that formula is working. Dude, free-to-play in game skins purchases acts accessible to everyone. How you want to play league? Oh I, don't have the money- man, oh it's free, yeah, oh, and- and you can. This is fortnight playable on shitty computers, because that was a power of legally. It really is, if you don't as long as it's not a potato right and as long as you're not running at the highest graphics, right but still battle. Royales are the biggest struggle, including for night is like that connection. The server's right is like you're. Some reason it can't even come close to being like the counter-strike server or something that yeah. So tell me about your your event in Vegas that you just finished, and you came here from I when I read about that. I was like this. Is the cool [ __ ] ever I'd, never seen anything like it, mm-hm so well, I, don't I, don't want to miss describe it. So why don't you tell us what what was it you were doing in Vegas last weekend? Okay, man, so yeah Ninja, Vegas 18. We just finished a two days ago and it feels like it was literally like I just got off it. Honestly. It was insane. So we set up an event. It was a. We didn't tell anyone, it was. It was gonna, be a four night event, but everyone kind of knew and we had 235 tickets I think we're selling four players to compete. It would be three heats 235 tickets 200 we sold yet there were a total of 70. So three heats nine games, total 75 players in each game, so so devout. So no setups, like yeah at 205, 435 and and we sold I, think it was like 400, 500, spectator seats or something like that and it sold out. We didn't expect I didn't expect it really I. Just simply just because, like I mean people do someone travel from Mexico that was cool, I mean I, had a bunch of people who were who were like talking to different accents I'm, assuming that they are obviously maybe someone from Europe but yeah. This guy was I. Guess you want to think I came from Mexico bro like immediately I was, like you know, got a picture signed all this stuff, but it was come on man like someone came from Mexico to a Las Vegas event for for for fight like for melee it was, it was mind-blowing. Then we broke the new Twitter record 600 and my own record of live. This was six hundred eighty thousand concurrent, so so the format was really was really cool. It run me up like a poker tournament in a way yep where you had a bounty on your head yep. So if somebody in a game killed you, how much did they get $2,500 to kill me $2,500 to win the game so right and I got second place twice. So two guys got dollars. One killer, yeah I was so happy man I like seeing every single person that want I'd look over in their face. They were just you know, ecstatic the crowd, their families in the crowd freaking out. So so, and was there what was the barrier to entry was just first-come. First-Serve on the tickets, oh yeah, we released, we I did a huge hype stream released a date, look at the ticket sales and then we we originally didn't open up any seats, - spectators whatsoever, because we wanted to make sure that, like the players kind of sold out and then once the players sold out, then we were like okay, now we're all being inspected right, we're any of them really. Okay, I saw I, don't know how many games total we're played like eight nine, so you won, one I got the worst. I did was like 30th and it was like a really unfortunate hike. I messed up, yeah, really bad and then I got like top ten. Like four games. Five games second place twice first place and then all I wanted was one win. Man I was honestly like the fact that you won one game. When everybody hundred people 99 people are trying to kill you -. Typically you it is pretty insane. It was annoying a little because the event with the event was advertised as to me at the time, a ninja event. All me all. You know, and it was gonna be like just you know, fans fans could play right and it was not supposed to be competitive by any means. Truly and and then we all these oh and we sell. These organizations are like all these pro orgs right, they're, like purchasing tickets for their players and myth myth comes in he bought. He was like one of the first guys to buy a ticket to get in and I was just like. Here we go it's now. Yeah every game had very talented players. So did you shut him down? Did you slam dunk on him? Oh I beat a lot of good players, but I mean dude again it wasn't even the point really I had a lot of fun and every fight I had was a very talented player. Usually I didn't really kill too many bad people right. So it was exciting. I feel like you have to be good to pony up and oh yeah. To do that. Hopefully, I mean a lot. There were a couple. There was this one reporter from her virtue was like just trying to play to get the experience of it and he he said he had fun, but I, don't believe him but know when you're bad a fortnight. It can. Oh, it's not you, kids, rough yeah, yeah, I, guess a good player I mean that's all. That's those are the guys that I box in a little one by one, all right. So you how long were you playing in that event attitude? It was not. It was like a seven hour event. So I was pretty exotic, break 5, minute breaks here and there in between each game. I was in my room once, but that was they. They want ya because I wanted to like say hello to everyone. So whenever there was like a small little commercial break or whatever I was just out like meeting everyone, so are you planning on doing more like that? I feel like that. Template could be something really powerful like for a real tournament, the president of look of like the hotel and it cut like they were like went like. Let's get him back. Let's do this again to make this the thing like and in me like I, had so much fun. It was so incredible too. It was just a perfect combination. Man like I love, Vegas, right, I, love, I, love, gambling here and there and traveling with my wife, is also fun. She loves Vegas, too and meeting all those fans was perfect. It was a great environment and, and your fans who were watching on twitch loved it too, he broke the record. That was that something that the whole thing was game changing right. Not only do we break the record, but that was allowed to stream in my channel. It's actually one of the things that they pushed. They were like, we want you to be on your channel and we'll do it on as well as like multicast, but the main channel is going to be yours and I mean for a good reason because of the exposure that I already had from when and it was easy was a no-brainer. It was so epic mmm cuz that and then they actually, they thought that was what they wanted to do was what happened, which was the production, the high level quality, but what like, they thought, I might not be. Okay with was that they were like okay, like so, is it okay? If we like? Don't have your overlay like your webcam, your alerts, your donations, I was like you, don't accept any of that, get all that offices. That would be weird. It was great. They were partners, I was esports, Arena yeah, they asked us, they approached us, they designed it such they were I I can't, like literally I, cannot give them enough shout out to how well they did. They know it was amazing, dude and like the production quality, no mistakes, they didn't do I, never felt uncomfortable for a second. That's all so it was amazing. That's awesome, yeah I mean. Has there been a high level? Tournament was because that's not prospect of like the hundred best players mm-hmm in a game together its it would be so crazy, wouldn't it it would be it all again. It has to be solos almost like Tour de France. Yes, maybe you play like 10 yeah, then the mollify or like yeah, even though so this is with Battle Royale and dude. No, that's that's perfect right. You kind of just you nailed it right. There are a lot of events where there's one hundred two hundred three hundred four and five hundred people enter one guy wins and it's epic right like that. Guy is crown for like four years. It's like it's like the World Cup right and it's like he's best of one, the only guy. What's not enough, it's not enough to actually gauge the city level, but with with it with multiple games, you add up, and that's that's tough. That's that pubs, you started it. That is the eSport like it. The only way, truly where that level that layout, that they need a season like how they play bases in the season they need points they need like I would be interested in, watching that oh yeah genuinely, of course like. If there was a hundred games over season and right and then it goes to the championship with a hundred top-performing, the real deal, the best and best thing is, and this is what I hope it's really unfortunate, because squads is for men right and and that's not that's not. The key dude I've been in I've, been in battle rails for a long time, h1z1 and pub G and I solo, solos and duo's. It is you, you paint you. Can it's a little bit slower? You can paint a picture like it's, it's super easy to follow and the and the fights aren't ridiculous. You look at a fight man and pubsey, and four is in the h1 like you, you lose 90% of the action I. How good you are it it would have to be. Solos is like the serious bracket. Yes and then like Tim's, would be just like fun. Super Smash Bros is exactly like that layout is like no one. No one gives a crap about 44 or free-for-all. No, no one knows about the 2v2, but thank you. She was cool exactly and like there's a prize pool there, but it's the solos man, it's a 1v1. If someone can actually get a season-long League of that it will be so big. Somebody work on that. I can promise you that, oh yeah, why don't ya? Although I mean they should be, they not control their own. They need to be yeah. So no, but this was the first event, though I like this with four night and I'm excited yeah man, oh yeah, dude. There's that you're cool get in uh. It's it's! Okay! You talk, you can talk to game, it's fun mix button, it's fun to watch, just the whole building and everything it's just so weird and wild man I feel like it has the legs to go all distance. Oh yeah yeah, it could be I, mean I. Think it's it's everything yeah! It really is I noticed that all you, social medias, you've got at ninja on Twitter on Instagram on YouTube yep just got the odd twitch. Yes, I was like how the hell engine on every social media. How do you accomplish that? Okay? Were you in early brother? It was a long haul. Only thing I was in earlier was twitch justin.tv I was ninjas, hyper hyper ninja, one of those and cos ninja was taken obviously, and they jaw his nick worked for justin.tv like reached out to me after I had you got built a following streams like a year which was I came in like one engine and I was like oh cool yeah, and this was before like so right now, there's a name change all that stuff. The integration is super, easy to name change of stuff like that back then I literally, he like the guy hadn't logged in like two years or some [ __ ], so they actually, he gave me like the log and essentially I change me, but because he was inactive forever and- and there was like legally, they were within the rights to do that. So I got that and then I had his channel viewers, though, like those channel numbers all my followers, all my use gone scratch again. It actually sucked, but you know fast forward. Five. Six years later, Twitter was the first thing I got, though gene and John I've reached out three for like every year forever, like every month leading up to that was like did. The guy was just an active, literally an active every single time, but unfortunately I kept doing it wrong on Twitter I kept. Adding him like hey man like please like I, just want like talk to me like I, would love your username like I'll pay I'll, do whatever I, don't care like I, just talk to me, I, wonder, what's going on and the guy never ever responded, never followed back, never did anything, and then, and every time I mentioned him. I would blow up the person's phone and the person would log in and check what was going on, and then that was active. Now he's now he's active, no I have to wait another six months before I can I can put a request in to like? Oh I, literally I literally, was shooting myself, and so they they would check in back I, don't give a [ __ ] about this yeah. What is then Twitter be like? Oh, they logged in oh he's active. We can't legally be interesting, so fast forward, even more finally I reached out to Rishi one of the guys at Twitter and I was like hey like fun fact is like his name's available and he was just like dude literally we came available two days ago. It was like six months and two days whatever so boom got that fast forward. Instagram was the easiest. Ever it was really hard. It was when I was already super popular for and I was like. Just you know massive and then I reached out to my guy brand and also came in like I. Would love ninja on Instagram I reached out? I was like I want to verified and he was like well what about ninja like? Let's see, I, checked and I, don't think there was a username. It was just taken by someone that never posted there yep that's fortunate boom about that, and then YouTube was I needed to have I needed to have 8 million subscribers on YouTube. Before I got the route before they would I mean I think it was like it wasn't a rule, but Winston's yeah they were like cuz. The guy was again, the guy was inactive on with ninja on you tan, and they were like, oh by the way like. Would you like it? We could give it to you. I was like yes, that's so crazy. What a great one today, I literally everything just fell into place, but I I mean I definitely made moves and try to and try to make it happen as much as possible. Well until finally, I did and I actually do you think that's a huge it is huge branding. I was blown away. I was like what do I mean it's so far, unfortunately, with like halo man, I try to get in I tried to do this for so long and I, really just couldn't because I don't know whether or not I wasn't popular enough or like that. It wasn't there like we weren't there yet for them to be like oh yeah, we'll give it to them. Oh yeah any will verify I'm yeah, that's the coveted username just ninja straight up dude. You got to get ninja calm, where's, that at oh I, I, actually, the it's available, I think it's like I think that's being sold like thirty thousand dollars. Something crazy might be worth it. Definitely if you can get that for 30k, I think I think it'd probably be worth a lot more now now that you've said it everyone's trying to buy that domain. I heard you say in an interview and it interests me I, didn't know what you meant. You had said that fortnight had made a deal with twitch. It was one of the reasons why your viewers had had gone up. No, it was so it was twitch. Prime, is that what you meant you're just talking about Twitter Brian, no I, totally know that, and that was one of the main things as for when I did do a deal with Twitter I'm. Just out like you know, any other game in the past has done tutorial. So Twitter allows people to I mean hey, you guys! Can click on the subscribe button and subscribe for free, just yeah see what's there there, so it's they do deals with companies where they're like hey, you know like we want cool loot they give away every week and Twitter I'm did something with for night and now. Okay, so you have so that's when they pushed it to four nights platform to sting and then everyone started logging into twitch and checking out for night and oh wow I also have a free which rhymes up as well. That's why my sub counters skyrocket, but I was already doing very well before that in terms of the viewers. I didn't really see too large of a viewer increase, but the southern creases. So you had it. So what I mean? What percentage can you I'm not wanted? I couldn't really give, but you saw like an immediate huge boost sub down the sub count. Well, at the first day, that's great thing about we were: it was a slow growth right. We were out like I, think we're at like a hard 40k 50k, and then this came out and we for like the first week, was about ten thousand subscribers, a session whoa scream session. So like the morning my morning, Shane from 9:30 to 3 was ten thousand subscribers and then the night stream, ten thousand subscribers so like right now, I'm actually kind of on the decline, but I'm I'm like I'm evening out I'm flatlining in a good way. Yeah I want to do stability, yes and then, because eventually, once those are all gone essentially because you have to manually research scribe, what's what's wrong, yeah yeah, you gotta, keep reminding and it's kind of sell, outi, yeah, but also well goodness, is free. It was that free and it really the advert I, don't tell anyone to sub to my channel and pay me money like every day. Hey subscribe, give me money. No, that's not! That's! Not! Okay, but Twitter arm is free. If you Amazon Prime, you link your Twitter account. That is free. It's literally money, just going on like wasted, isn't incredible your mind when I saw that, like I think most of all streamers and us included women, are our money comes almost or not almost telling largely from right, the twitch prime subs, oh yeah, they're just giving it away. It is so the link is where like, where they make the revenue is, is obviously they have deals revenue. So it's probably with like with the Lu with Epic Games I'm, assuming there was some sort of probably payment sure, so they get hooked up. They get the hook up there and everyone gets it for free and I mean Amazon Prime, like I'm sure that I mean if it push I like I, think I did the math if they sell one Amazon Prime sign up right. Membership was like a hundred dollars a year, mm-hmm that pays for like a hundred you're like 50 B, then a Franchi, and they probably even calculated over several years and then how much money they're going right or just now, there's more. Oh, it's there, it's brilliant they're making so much. The thing is like it's like: how much does it cost to sub five bucks? $4.99 is minimum and then it's 10 bucks a month for its own. It's almost just makes sense just to get Amazon Prime. All these you people who are subbing the channels, Judy I, think it's easy, literally, the the shipping alone, the next day shipping or whatever, like the free two-day shipping and and the the money that you literally saved everything, is cheaper right. Once you have Amazon Prime, you literally make your money back within two purchases. Dan said: keep talking about Amazon Prime we're getting a hundred subs a second anyway about Amazon Prime is unbelievable on that buttons. Just right there, you could click it scribe. I'm, free man don't even need to uh to your account man through your moms dads brothers, sisters right log in smash them. What is the log in mom I want to support my favorite reamer for free? What that honey for free I'm alone scares me, though, at the same time, I know, I shouldn't bite the hand of feedback. They scare me tell me they're massive they're massive and they keep growing dude I. Don't really think that they're doing anything I mean bad, there's, no Facebook right. It's not like they're lured, no Jeff, Jeff Bezos seems like a decent guy. He seems like a good guy. There was like a story that we were talking about recently about how their warehouses are like, basically like I, don't want, say, slave labor, because you could quit the job but like really bad for working again, yeah but I. Think what I. What I also read is that all fulfillments right actors are like that's out there. I mean some people, I mean if you want the money like that's like you're signing up for that. You know. You know like what you just said. If you yeah, you can leave, you can't leave a sweatshop in China, but you can clearly leave it. You can bounce you can quit like. Oh, you can I. Don't like this. Okay leave, okay, I can leave. Thank you, yeah exactly I'll. Take that's right! That's right, but there was a real interesting article. We were reading that people were like pissing in bottles and [ __ ], because the bathroom was on the bottom floor and it's not worth it apparently they're so strict on productivity that if you take a bathroom break you get anyway, you probably he looks great he's got a beautiful he's. A beautiful man. He's got a great thing: there's a button dude! No, they do. Do you buy pile of [ __ ] on Amazon. Is that even a question yeah? You know the Amazon does like they sometimes you're eligible for free one day and they'll put it on today and you have to manually click once they come on Doug. You know, I want that one yeah and we still have a new you. People do not pee because you're doing that one day, yo you in the warehouse turn this [ __ ] off and get back to work. You son of a [ __ ], not before you smash subscribe, though, and then they do this other thing where you can click like it's no rush and you get like a $1 coupon. It's like get it real Amazon I want that [, __ ] right right now. I did that one time when I was like wow am I good person? No yeah, it was I, don't think the kindness of your heart yeah. Thank you couple bucks. Was it really no rush, or were you find yourself regretting that decision? It was still fast, yeah. There's there are certain things option you don't need. I need everything. I, usually I found mine, Amazon I'm. Usually there because I want it right next day they they like ruined shipping yeah the whole world Oxman, but it's also like I mean I, don't know I. Can you I, don't know the politics about like what they support and stuff like that, but I mean hopefully there's eventually a day where there's pressure toward the person wants to just always do the best and when you're at Amazon he's probably a no billionaire, if not more like he's a trillionaire Jeff, Bezos million he's the first truly, not sure if you're, serious, I'm, serious or I don't know if he's there yet, but he's really Dan I, don't know, but he's on track to become the first real. What's the what's, even the difference he's nice, apparently you guys 20 Billy yeah. Apparently he all aren't smashing the sub hard enough, honest, which Amazon Prime I've been yeah. Isn't that unbelievable, I'm, pacing back and forth in my wife, all the time and yet literally I mention her a lot because she's literally a part of everything I do I wanted to ask you to next, just piggyback and off that that she's, your manager along, have you guys been working together in a professional setting about two years like it did it's perfect, like she there's no one's gonna fight for me more than more than my wife and that's the thing that I think it's beautiful like she thinks that you know she thinks even more of me than I. Think of myself and I. Think that's one of the biggest things about that. But we like one of the things we always go over is I, hit all my ideas off of her I'm, like what about we bounce back and forth like this, this I'm like what do you like this she's like no but like you, believe it like this? It's good so like we're, trying to figure out like how do we connect like hundred thousand one hundred No Amazon right, like dude. Give me like hi I am like all combined subscribers on twitch paid and unpaid is less than 1%. Of that. How do we get people all those? How do we get them excited? How do we even get them over like? Is it even up to us? Can we do anything, or is that Amazon not promoting it, because why would they well I guess Amazon doesn't have much of an incentive. They want it going the other way that they want the twitch there. They don't want that cost me the money. That's why you can't set it to auto renew right right. I knew that right away, I would just hemorrhage them on course, but be glad to truth, be told, though, is like they also their I mean how many people subscribe and then completely forget about that subscription and until like two years, three years later, sometimes you're like holy. No, my bill subscribe, the Netflix on five accounts like whatever, and and that's what- and that is why, like, because truly there is no reason for it. Unless you go out of your way- and this is something that I think that should do is like they need to be able to have it so worried like you- can turn it on because one another thing that I do get is like what, if I want to my brothers, actually he budged everything right so like he makes sure that his twitch prime sub goes to someone specific that he really enjoys. So he doesn't want to give it to one person five months in a row like it's actually a good thing that it doesn't auto renew, but from the guy it's like, oh yeah, give me the option to like click on I want to give me enjoy my switch for him sub this ones, and that would be insane for streamer. It would've been dude I, don't see it happening, I! Wouldn't everything I wish you would I'm gonna try to have a twitch if you're listening, Jeff you're out there. Just for me please or anyone I love for I mean for everyone, but I'm listening, amen, dude help me. What do you think I want to ask you? You you've been working with your wife for two years. Yes, but you guys been together for like six. So was it at what point were you like? Hey? Maybe we should work together, professionally, I think it was. You know she worked the job she got. A college I was like a recruiting agency. She was not having a lot of fun. They were treating her really poorly. To be honest, they were like you know. Her job was to you know, go flat, dry, five minutes and work at this office and every day they're like making her go 45 minutes to another office, and this is only one even we were dating still, but we weren't living together. She was a four hours away and I was just like get over here like that's garbage I can take care of you like and then so she she started up and she was streaming as well at the time too so making decent money not enough to like quit alone right, but she moved in. She started streaming within like two months. She started making the same amount revenue from streaming. She different that job so that and she's happy just great cool and then I think when it I think it started making sense around h1z1 h1z1 is when was when I started, getting a lot of emails. That I would literally answer in the middle of my stream and then too much Toria, then she's, just like it was natural I got that easy, so she started. Ah, that's so cool yeah and then like again like, if anything could just makes her stronger. We have its. We have continued reasons to keep our communication upgrade and that's the most important thing in a relationship is just being able to talk to one another and damn that's good, it's great how it happened. Naturally, yeah I was like hey, listen, yeah, I, don't know, I, don't know how that happens, sometimes, but no yeah she was eager. She would love to. She was like, of course, I'd love to be able to go to bat for you and get and get us paid. Absolutely, that's super cool yeah man, god bless. Thank you. Sir I mean she's beyond manager. Absolutely that's management of a different kind. Yeah I have a bad day when we get those courts, it's off yeah. We just moved to new house. It has every day I haven't I, haven't used it to squirt water up. My ass you need to, but like theoretically, I, don't understand, I feel like I. Will uh [ __ ], all of you, so it's a small stream. It's a small, very high pressure. It feels like good and it literally just just cleans it out and one way. Ok, you don't do little. You don't do anything. What do you do afterwards? You just want one to get the wall. You book, you can't apply toilet paper. It's not that your, but you know it's not like it sprays all over your, but, like everybody tell about my life, I have a hairy, [, __, ]! Well, I'm, just saying you shave that a little bit you shaved, the [ __ ], just kind of like how like, when the kids are legs right. I mean I'm scared to shove, a razor um. You don't get that's right interesting! This is this is on your stream, not mine! No that's good! These are the details. I want. Let me just say it's not part of my job as your carrot. Oh yeah I need you, oh, that would solve. That was so the issue because I when I go and wet a clump, oh brother, of course bad. No, it's bad! That's! Why that's why? Well! Apps are huge. So if I have like a tight clean, sweet little anus, then I could probably use a bidet. What does that mean that French people are all maintaining their [ __ ] I? Think that that's because they actually don't shave their armpits. Like that's like a face. That's the [ __ ], keeping it nice and clean dude. Damn the Ninja shaves his [ __ ] respect speaking of [ __ ], yes, Jake, Paul I want to ask you about sure. That's a great! So I he's got this like legendary clickbait story. I he changed the thumbnail, but originally had like a picture of. Did it's a ninja and had a picture of you so I I was very I. Didn't want to reach out to him about it, because why? Because, no because why and it was something that I not died- stray away from all sorts of drama like that and don't want to give anyone a story like off of me like that, but yeah don't eat, I mean dude. I would love to have a conversation and truly with him like in person about what what was going through his mind when, like hey donated ten thousand or $30,000 to my favorite twitch streamer. Wasn't it two hundred times it was two hundred was always crop low, so you're right, I'm, sorry it was. It was two hundred thousand and and like not only was I, never even mention in the video it wasn't to me. It was the most. It was the hands-down, the one of the most click babies in my entire life. It's not it doesn't that's maximum clickbait. That is the death topic. You can literally didn't even mention you nope I, don't know anything. I listened to the whole thing. I was, and it's like me, 20 minutes, I miss it didn't hear once and then I was just like. Oh how the [ __ ]. Is you I, don't know how YouTube didn't like remove that video because we reach out to them and it's like dude, it's so dumb YouTube is so corporate like you're, like I like whether or not I have you know all the subs that I've have and how quickly I'm getting them. It's irrelevant. I'm, a and I have to go through the I mean and they take they reach out to me. I've contacted a lot of them, but I have to have my editor or me. We have to go through. We have to report every single video we have to same. We have to then upload proof that it is my video and then like and then when it comes to the thumbnail, there's a certain way. You report someone using your thumb. You probably have a lot of copyright issues on on YouTube as well. It's all relative idea. We have we're and now we're not we're working on striking large channels and, like you do I, let everyone know I'm like you're gonna rip, don't [ __ ] with it, don't know it seriously if you're gonna rip. My content, like completely like someone makes a highlight video highlight like full-blown cool, highlight clips, add edits. It creates it it's kind of like on any Food Show whatsoever. Whether like chops is perfect right. We're gonna give you these onions and this and this and you don't just take the onions chop them up and you put it on the plate, like you have to create it. Yeah yeah, very good point: I I'm. Okay, with like some wants to do some God to your career. We created a ninja montage person like that. I will never strike that down, but if it's literally just a theory of what it's like you're an ear piece of [ __ ] like you are- and we better that's the bottom, that's how we started on our podcast highlight channel because oh yeah, we have a podcast highlight channel, that's like gotten pretty popular and it was born from people. Just ripping off and they were getting like millions of views and were like whoa, really popular videos that are coming out. It's like that are having like two three Miller's like that. Now we're just we're just taking the revenue from it we're just reaching a claim in yep yeah. Why not fine? Why not it's your property? It's also! It's like uh, a certain point when it is getting a lot of views and as long as it's not negative read there are some people who actually try to like make these dumb, fake thumbnails and like clickbait, thumbnails right and try to show me in a negative light and those are the ones we try to take down, because that's my exact opposite of what about like, not even kind of slandering me a little bit and that's not! Okay! Oh [, __ ], oh yeah, you you you! You come from twitch right, and so it's funny to hear you talking about YouTube of like how corporate and dissident they are because we've all all of us, people who started on YouTube I've been doing that with that forever. And it's funny that you got that impression from just you interact. It takes note, it takes know, I mean yeah. They don't witches, look they're, so interactive, so hands-on hello I mean yeah. You look at you tubing. That is vitamins, but again you should kind of is literally like they just came over to TV right there. There it's a behemoth, it's massive, its massive, it's way, bigger than twitch right, yeah and even though amazon has twitch. It's still in my opinion is like right now: youtube like everyone and their grandmother knows about YouTube everyone, everyone it is, and that is where I find really that's. Wirt, Winchester I feel also the twitch staff and the people who work there actually watch tweet streams and they like know. What's going on, twitch we're on YouTube the people work at YouTube, don't watch youtuber. This is probably what's unfortunate. Our experience at least yeah there's like they don't know they don't care. Cuz they're like court. They come from. They mostly work for YouTube come from Google right. They just transfer them over and like where they're supposed to just automatically into their like yeah I mean like no just all about the numbers and the algorithm, and that they're just engineers of algorithm I'd love to talk about how the fact that, like you know why any video is ever featured ever on YouTube about me when it is my gameplay and when it's not from me I would love to know why that so many so many I have so many people who are popular I mean even like syndicate, sometimes like tweeted and just like. Why is this in my featured tab and it's like a video, my gameplay, someone else welcome to YouTube it right where I and that's what I have to go and take it down. Dude there are live streams of live streams, ripped live streams of my twitch up being like with 15,000 viewers on YouTube, where there's a donation button to that guys, don't they're, restreaming, I, guess what I have to go and report it did the live stream and provide proof that it's me, man, yeah and even my editor doesn't have time to like constantly lose a live stream. It's like I gotta go and rip 50 60 70. You almost need to hire someone just to like the only pet. We pay him and it's still like I still feel like. Sometimes it's like yes, too much a lot yeah, but that used to happen to us to where someone would reap off for a stream right away and upload a clip and then before they uploaded it first before us, they would get promoted the algorithm promote shares as recognizes there says the original once we upload ours then hit those get those it's not on. It's unacceptable. It's really it's just it's just the the beast that it is I think what happens is it can be stopped, though? That's why it's all numbers for them. So if someone reads a video, it's just it's cold guess all they care about is watch time and how many people clicked it any ads or how long they wash I. Think it's all about that, and then that has come in secondary right, you're right. So if there's a video and people are clicking it and watching it, they're gonna show it to everybody mm-hmm, for whatever reason, I mean again and I want to I, want to stress this as well like I, know a lot of people who are at YouTube who are like helping me out and trying to like get ya act and make sure everything is going well so like it's not like they're, not doing anything, but it don't really help in that capacity, though right, try, if you don't, they just don't correct and not because I again they don't have to yeah cuz. There are those avenues that, if oh, if you want to take him down, then he will go out of his way to get it taken down and that's like okay, it's your responsibility, then yep. The thing is that YouTube has been through so much legal. Oh my can't even imagine that I clearly, why I think it's a legal issue 100%. It is, of course I think I'm, pretty sure yeah. You need to accept the liability. You need to like sign off and say you know it's. It's all me like. It's like I I am providing proof and I am saying that this is my content, making sense if I consent yeah and if there's like a penalty or some [, __ ] like then like YouTube, is just like one me like he applied it made sense. We did remove it and like yeah, it wasn't enough proof, but like yeah yeah, it's different yeah. It is different, but it's still also extremely annoying. Okay, you can't be on YouTube and not love hate it. It's impossible. Yeah I've never met someone who's. Just like I love. You -, I, love everything about it. You can do that on Twitch. Somehow it's which is beautiful man, it's a great beautiful day. It really is and I don't I, don't again, I, don't I, don't see that changing ever. What do you think about people like Jake and Logan Paul, coming on Twitch and playing for tonight, because it almost seems like I, mean I can't get in their heads, but it seems like they're riding off off of your wave, I, wouldn't even say you know it's my way, I think they're, very competent. They understand what's popular and what's not that's it, of course not steel, they're riding the wave of what's popular I, know and there's all the sudden, it's all like fortnight and [ __ ], and every of that or so and they're like oh, we got this right like you know, we got this we and and what a lot of youtubers not just them are actually seeing is like the transition over it. Just not not. Is it not? You know so, like the different skill it was Logan's. First string was like hundred thousand viewers right for for like a little bit and then obviously started to dip, and now it's like it's not doing the greatest and rigorous numbers. Oh, the last time I checked I was like I think he was like 6000 or 7000 euros there and, like so good, to go from 200 I was in your first one. I think everyone was super hyped about to be tweeted about it. Youtube everyone was like coming over his fans boom. You have it's a difference like Logan pulls his vlogs are so highly edited and then I'll study, necessary energy live, and you have to be good at the game so to be entertaining I'll. Do trust me? I love this [ __ ]. Okay, there are youtubers, okay, you didn't bark either. There I think that I think hopefully do treat, which is really kind of I, want to say that what exposing, but it really is, shows you who like who it you cannot be fake, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 hours, not possible right, like it's super taxing, so you see almost literally dude. Have you ever ever ever ever ever seen a youtuber ever have a video that didn't start with. What's going on guys welcome to the YouTube video here we are in it's like a 9 10 minute, video cut, cut, cut, cut every 5 seconds yo. What's up guys, it's me and it's like, and now you go on Twitch and everyone who's coming over from that it's a guy sitting there they're like either like here we go here. We go it's a different skill, yes, of course, in a different scale to different experience, and it's not enough when you're playing for tonight- and you expect that many people to watch you have to be good at the game uni, and that takes a lot of practice. So this is something that I say a lot to a lot of people is being entertaining and not skilled is freaking hard shot, the CD and the third. By the way, because he's one he's one of the guys who does it, he is decent at the game. Honestly I would say that when he's trying his ass off he's actually very good, but he his stream is doing very well very successful and he's just funny he's funny. He's got he's, got super cool, edits and stuff like that is cool stuff. With this camera, it's boys changing it's very good stream, and but that is mainly entertainment. That is a bond comedy like that's where his like bread and butter is, but if you're skilled man it is like, because now you're gonna get people who you can't wash yeah, it's just weak. No, you it's just what you said right like entertain. It's a double-edged, entertainment right! It's like people are like. Not only is he fun to watch when he's not on he's good. Yes, exactly exactly like doing it's like I've tried to stream like pubs, you know that and like well I can try so hard to be entertaining and and that's okay for some people, but I suck so bad at the game that anyone who's popping in and being like. Oh, what's this guy up to don't like this guy sucks dick, why am I gonna watch him and I? Don't blame them at all right? No, you can't I mean you really can't right. It's like unless I agree, I suck watch me play funny was like that's another thing to like. Sometimes- and this is like not egotistical but like I'll watch like my videos, are over I'll like literally sit back, could actually watch an entire video- oh my god, because sometimes do when I'm doing it I stream. So long I actually forget sure things. I said it stuff like that, so yeah watching like and if you can't enjoy yourself, no one else is gonna enjoy that either no I see what you mean. I'll go back and watch our old like even our new videos. It's funny I, almost don't watch it for the first time until it's done and when it's on YouTube I'll watch it a couple times, take it and be like. Oh yeah I see what you can improve on and stuff boys. That's that that's literally what I do yeah I think it's the only time I can enjoy watching is when I'm done. I'm like okay I, wasn't that bad, sometimes I'm like that was awful. I can delete my channel. That's what the fancy, what I have a question about twitch as a platform sure I feel like twitch, has an inherent challenge that I don't know how they're gonna overcome okay on youtube. You can do collabs with people. You can have all these different channels and they there's enough. The world is wide enough for everyone and that you can go watch someone's video and then go watch someone's video and go watch someone's wheel, but when you're streaming live, you can only watch one person at a time right, I see that it's like the biggest hurdle. I, don't know how they address that and it almost seems like a ceiling in a way because when you I mean no you're, angry I, don't know, but I definitely I, definitely I, definitely agree. Being able to I mean here's a here's. The best part is like the, and this is why YouTube is actually successful. Probably right. Yeah he's like you, can have three four five videos up for five tabs up pause. One video that has you know three minutes left in a video and then start watching something else. Just like that or pause. The video do some research like, let's say you're, watching a video and then say you know this guy's hanging out this, but you never heard of the celebrity pause. The video you go in google, it now you decelerate boom. Alright, you haven't missed any content yeah. So that's like the beauty of YouTube, but the beauty of twitch is that every single stream, like I, mean not a lot of youtubers, even popular ones. Upload every day, it's hard, it's difficult like the video twitches is like when this is something that youtube doesn't have. Unless you are literally working, not many not unless you are working your ass off, making these great videos every day, there's some, but not many right exactly and that's what that's that is. The video social I think that actually make do the ceiling. Where is always something to put like in a way it is like it's interacting right and the vaad is there if you care yep, and there are people that watch and love the pods all the time and like I have I have people who will donate or something like five minutes into my stream. Hey man just finished watching your vada in your live. Let's go like you just watched that last six hour stream awesome all right. Let's mean it is exactly like back before H all this ate. What do you call it like when you save television, yeah DVR? Is it but like TiVo before that you vote there? Ya go was the first that was go on and then they like changed everything, but before that, if you missed a [, __ ] show you missed. L was it you know, so it's interesting to see that kind of format like reoccurring in a new and a new age. Definitely but better. Obviously, absolutely yeah, that's cool! That's a good answer! Thank you. Who do you? What do you say we touched on it briefly about like these days, the kids who are coming up. They want to be, they were there watching you and they want to be professional players. What is it that you think they should know? What is it? What kind of advice would you give them it's more information than advice, but it's also a little bit. Both I mean it's not easy. It's like it's the same thing: where is a parent's job to obviously promote and support their kids dreams? But what's the point of it like? What does a dream? A dream is something that is like it's almost unattainable, truly I mean, like you, see definition right, but it is like it's like when you're there it's, like, oh you've, woken up and like oh, my god, it's actually happening so I think that's super important for people to understand that it is not easy. Not everyone can do it and that should also give them more respect for the people that they do enjoy and that do have that platform and are you hopefully, obviously doing good with it? But my advice then, would be like. If do you want it right? Like work, your ass off like hard every single day you have to be and I think I tell them. You have to be better. Millions of people meant to hit the certain level that you are dreaming of and like I mean dude I gave up friendships, I ruined relationships. I you know completely cut my family out: I'm, not not cut them out of my life, but dude like I'd, be in the basement. Playing video games, keep like training for Halo matches and Halo tournaments and stuff like that and we'd have family and friends over and my brothers would come downstairs. My parents commissars like hey, like everyone's here and I'm, just like cool okay, like I, don't care like I'm I'm, like I'm, practicing, my team or I'm playing and like it's sacrifices and a lot of cool and but also something that I did is like I was still going to school. I was still working to get my parents acceptance right and I'm still doing well in school. So it's a dude, it's it's tough as [ __, ] man, yeah and like I, and until until this becomes even like global I'm. Talking like everyone wants to do it- and there are, you know like. Let's just say: twitch is the NBA right and there's like then there's like the the college basketball section right. So then you can get here, but still not make it to here, but still be successful. Here and that's okay and then there's like you know how the NFL has like other like little and like we're at least like those are attainable too, and so you can make a living off of until that happens for twitch and gaming and entertainment, which it isn't there right now, then, like I, don't think parents ever should be okay with kids not doing well I mean in school. You literally look at you know professional athletes. What is like, the the typical oh they're, flunking in college I mean in every movie in every show. You know the star: quarterback is flunking, but he's literally a god and he's gonna go to and he's gonna make millions of money and but he's still not doing well in school. Think that won't be okay. It never should be okay, but that won't be even close to being accepted Brazil. So, but the interesting thing about that route too, is that they're doing it through school school yeah. Getting scholarships I wonder if that, whatever it's already happening, Wow some colleges are accepting people for like league of legends in there, and there should be a thing. It is holy, be today, I mean for Knights doing I'm doing something with id Tech hashtag plug real, quick. Let's just IT tech comm such for tonight and literally it is school. It is coding you go there and like they're, doing something cool with four night and the Unreal Engine, and that should be a thing that is goal: [, __, ], professional gaming and and professional gaming programming, like literally everything about it, super cool wow that is awesome, yeah, I'm, sorry, I'm, just I'm just excited to it's awesome. Finally, oh my god, I have one question left for you sure this we ask of alright. Guess it's a weird question. So, if you don't have a store, if you have nothing to share, don't feel bad I, don't either it's customary for whatever reason that we asked our guests, you have any ghost stories, paranormal experiences or unexplainable things that happen in your life, dude, okay. So this is something that I have a couple. I think one of them ice, one of them was just was gone. My wife was gone. She was in Florida I, think with her friend with her girlfriend, but she loves to hang out and I was with the dogs. I was alone, just finished streaming went upstairs and I'm like okay, I'm gonna turn off all the electronics, like everything, went upstairs had the dogs in bed and like when one of us has gone like they're super sensitive to like a lot of like sounds and stuff, but it's also super sensitive when music starts playing in the middle of nowhere downstairs on our speakers mmm what happened: I'm home alone, I'm already freaked out right and I. Remember: I start hearing a song that had never heard of that's just playing on my speakers and why turn everything off? What the hell is, this I go downstairs: I'm, checking my phone to making sure I've all my Bluetooth off I'm going downstairs my computer making sure somehow that's it so I literally like I've shat, my pants man, I'm, like I, have a katana: do you know turned it off, so what was it you just turn off the I just turn off that I just turned off the sound system. Again, I already did before I went to bed huh. It was loud because that is a place here and now mm-hmm has a ten-cent has Neven since, and then you Jess has just actually I think she has to shoot dude she's all about that [, __, ], she's, really I. Think one of the creepy one of the creepiest things that ever happened to me was like. It was more like a like a demon thing, weird thing like the the our the whatever it's called the witching: the witching hour. Well, I, really I'm I woke up on time and I didn't like smell, burning, I, smelled, something [, __ ], weird now and I woke up on the dot at 3 o'clock, and it was after I, already watched like a movie and I literally never felt more scared. In my life, like someone was watching me, someone was staring I'm and I stayed awake for like 3 hours straight. Oh god it was, it was forged up. I like he was the most insane thing in the world. Oh here's the story as well, so it didn't happen to me, but my wife's friend, her name is Morgan. She literally has a cousin or someone who stayed in a house and 1 million. It was like legit, like 1 million percent like there was like a spirit there. He had a name, they talked all the time and the and she said that the never felt threatened unless her husband was home and when her husband was home. So we were something that, like the spirit was like dude, it was like the mail and so like when the husband slept like in the room, he was like dude. He like he could never sleep in the in their house and they moved that and I end up having to move but uh. There would be on explain activities who would literally talk to him and be like and like with Morgan like there and be like hey like yo. What's up Frank or some like that, can you like open the blinds and the blacks like shudder? Like? Should you know man well, dude, I, literally I was freaked out for like a week because from the story yeah the story alone, cuz, because it would choose that she swore she swore like honor like well. They move so yeah fast. Well, how many times before that stereo keeps popping on til you bounce one more one more time: that's it I'm out yeah, not the question good I! Don't [ __ ] it that, like my dad, was in college using a paper on like it was like possession and stuff like that, and it was one of those papers where his professor said once you pick your topic, you're done like that's it. You have to do it and he literally started and said, as he started, to read into the Laura possession didn't even says stuff like that that he felt that stuff like around him and like oh, he was kind of like it's like it's like a gate right, you open! You start now! If you like, I'm more aware, you become more aware, you're opening yourself you're believing you know it is possible yeah, and so he really went to professor and was like I will literally fail this. If you don't switch like I, can't do it like he's like it wasn't able to sleep, he was having nightmares and he was -. What was he studying in school? It wasn't studying. It was just a pro. It was just literally just a paper like a research paper. Oh so it wasn't like he was like studying that. No, it was simply just like you, which is like great I'll pick this topic that stuff you have to you to you. But, most importantly, do you use a katana for home defense? Is it that cold steel there's company cause no I know my my one of my moderators got it for me? Oh that's like he was like my longest time. I use it like seven years. He was something like seven years. He came over and visited and brought it and those gifted oh yeah, awesome. Well thanks. Man, of course, had a lot of fun. This is all she was really a beautiful, wonderful time really enjoy Spain with you and I appreciate you. Click on. Thank you got super cool. Thank you guys, thank you for watching. God bless you. There there there inside that, little lens there or that one. We are coming back next Friday with the boys, Jack and Eric, so stay tuned for that in a week, you'd have to stay tuned. You just stick around yeah, hey guys. You got your computer and come back anyway guys. What is today, it's Monday, so you should get some Friday like have a great weekend, bye, ma'am, no, no! It's usually on Friday, but obviously people have course yeah yeah, no schedule which is happy that you made the time yeah. Thank you so much the other cool start all this is how you start off the week. The right way. Absolutely it's been a blast, so guys have a great week and when the weekend comes around I hope you have a great weekend, then - alright, see you guys next time, bye, bye, bye,.