[Music] welcome everyone to the h3 podcast experience. Today we are sponsored by me, undo, stitch fix and Felix gray. The guest is the hilarious, the wonderful, the excellent machine otherwise known as Berk right there, new Netflix special out today secret time, which I've watched loved hilarious, no good. You have to watch it, but after this podcast because don't I want you, you know I want I want to watch this yeah yeah yeah yeah you, the first person I ever sent a special to ever in my entire life yep. By the way that is scene right, the machine it was well, it was, must been three years ago. Was it three years ago, that's like one year! No, no! No! It had to be love when you were in here for oh, when I did the machine. When I read the machine, you had to be excited me too. Maybe two, maybe two and a five. Ok, this marvelous man. It was like 20 years ago right yeah, whose before the internet that's what's really impressive and you I was following you and I was little. I was like obsessed with you and then I kept tweeting your videos, and then you were like hey thank you or whatever yeah and I was like I was again you're like you got any specials like. Let me send it to you. I'd never done that to anyone and it's such an uncomfortable place to go to to go like hey, here's. What I've been working on yeah tell me if you enjoy it and I was like wait. That was a big [, __ ] mistake. I should have let him found me online, the good stuff first and then I was like, and then you came back. You're like that was hilarious, hey la come! Do my podcast and I was like. Oh, my god, I was like you come to LA on the podcaster part is, is that we had you on yeah. We had this one or probably the best episode. You were probably the first guy here in this office. We had just about this studio. We had just built this big beautiful, set. We're like let's bring Burton he's a honored guest. Such a great I was flipping the tables. I. Remember you we were drunk, we were I would have drunk here, and you said to me: when you started you go I, don't really drink yeah we were drunk by the first break. It's like in 30 minutes we were drunk yeah I was flipping the table, but it was the best episode. I've ever said, I can say that without reserve, because no one will ever see it. No one and it's such a shame, because it was lost to oblivion for technical issues yeah, because we were new, we didn't know we were doing and I'm. So so sorry did that happen. Yeah I am so sorry, but I will say. We learned a lot of things from that episode. We learned a lot from meeting you and having you on and I want to list some of the things we learned from you. Okay, yes, first of all to your great credit, we it was like three hours of shooting and you said you have to post the whole thing: unedited yeah that was like November, you were like I knew I think you were cutting. You were like all right, yeah and then I was like no, no, no just roll. This whole thing, I can't believe we were doing that. We were thinking we were thinking like YouTube video. You were definitely thinking. Youtube, video and thinking like you're, like we got to chop it up and I was like no, no, no, no and I kept trying the beautiful stuff is the in-between, saying yeah. It's like I love. My favorite part of podcasting is when, like something happens, off mic and you're listening and you're like, but you we were so obsessed with cutting it and editing it down. It's true that it loses authenticity is the pop yeah and when you're in the editing and you're trying to edit down like a natural conversation, it's like maddening. What do you? You know what I'm saying yeah? You were right, okay and we always thought because we took us a while to get there, but we stopped editing. We said number two I, remember we don't get. We get uber blocks for all of our guests. Now Oh! Oh my god, I. Remember that so baby you're, like let I didn't at the time, I didn't even I understood there was a burr but I didn't know anyone used anything other than uber black and you're like and I was like I'm gonna be drinking I got an uber and you're like no. No I thing is that I didn't know that there was another option, so I was on the other end, but I remember we were when he was trying to pick you up. You couldn't find you. We were on the phone, he didn't speak, English he's on the corner, the big guy he's got a beard, I got I, wouldn't get in his backseat. There were groceries back there yeah. So since that moment, I was again I want you to know. We get blacks for all of our guys and ever since that day, we've sprung for the black I didn't and I like I, like my goobers, just like I, like my men, why excel blacks in exile so again getting on it totally forgot about that, and so third and most importantly, we have not forgotten and I shall never forget. By far the most important, as you may now understand, as I pull it up, what is this? What is it? Oh I know what it is immediately. I know exactly what this is quicksand, porn yup when we were having our last conversation, it's the one. It really sticks out, as we were talking about all the weird [ __ ]. We find on YouTube you're like I'm into this thing. Quicksand and I was like whoa yeah. What is that? What's so and then well I'm so happy that kind of we get a chance to redo this, because I got the opportunity to look it up yeah now we can have a pleasure I'm watching it together. Yeah, please, let's think I know this. One was only like 30 out there. How did you find quicksand, porn, I, don't think I think I first heard about it on like a radio Lab and they were like, and they were talking about, quicksand porn and I was like, what's so interesting sure I used to have a joke about, like the premise was I always thought by this age. I would have been trapped in quicksand. A couple times by now, because growing up, quick Sam was like everywhere and now they're. Just to put this out there. There is a comedian who has a joke like that: I never really told mine, but I told it like, but Ian bagg was the only person ever heard it Ian bagg hilarious comedian. One time said the best quicksand joke ever he walked in and my hat was on the floor and he walked anyone. Huh quicksand got him huh. Is this a great that's pretty yeah? No, but quicksand was in everything I ever smart growing up, Abbott Costello every like every everything was quicksand was always the damsel in quicksand, oh and I. Had an obsession with this. Is a young man's fetish yeah? No, no! It's like you got to be like 45, okay, I explained because that was like. How did you come out like how do people come up with that as you bring across? No? No, no! It's based in like the same [, __ ] that like there was a TV, show called the boogaloos. When I was a kid and like every episode, they tied up the girl. So like that so I remember going to this I was a dominatrix game for a day on this old show, I had and the conker, no no Herbert I don't hurt Bert and so I was a dominatrix kept with this lady mistress Isabella and she did a bunch of stuff to me and at the end of the day I was like. I was like you know: I got a balance with you, not a lot of it. I didn't find sexy at all, but there was a couple things where I found like really high schools. How are you at the time I must have been like 30. Maybe she was like check out this video and it was all stuff dialed into my site like the stuff that would have been enough formative yeah. What was the stuff? It was like superwoman, a poor outfit. Oh one dude when I first saw Wonder, Woman, I, remember being a kid and I was like I was like oh I'm straight. Like the other day we were in uh. We were in Hot Topic. My daughters were into that kind of like anime stuff, and there was a Wonder Woman bathing suit right and I was like I was like honey. Let's get this for you. She was like it's made for girls like I'm aboard like a 48 you're, a woman, I'm gonna. Look disgusting I was like you're. What I got, let's do yeah, but so yeah. So quicksand was like the thing and then I watched the thing I listening on radar, but then I start going. I can't be a real thing: it's gotta be a joke all right and then I googled it one night, and it was just the it was like a weird like it stopped I, don't know it's just like was something I was like that's kind of sexy. The point when the girl's boobs get to the mud reminded me of like every time the dams will we get to the mud and her boobs would lift. Naturally, you know as a kid you be like, oh my god, just connected with that, though right yeah, well, okay. So the thing that really threw me off at this is that, like a lot of them, the girl it she like dies tenda day in like the fetish like she straight up. She just disappears into the Oblivion and they and they hold that shot for a while. Don't worry, do I go how long's she been under yeah like and wait and like legit, like dude I've, seen some really weird ones like with it like these. Now that I said it out loud. What happens is all these dudes that make them hit me up? Nah I'm gonna check out my quicksand videos. Oh you got hit up by those ain't community, oh quit by sinkers they're called sinkers their anchors yeah there's like a legit community Wow of people they're all older gentleman, good thinking these days yeah! Maybe today, maybe we can change that. Maybe we can introduce everyone. I want to keep infused some new blood into this community. It's it's like 20 years olds, going what the [ __ ]! Oh here we go, I've got a whole I mean I've got oh! If you have the good one. Oh sure, I'll tell you, which ones are good I here. Twenty-One minutes of it well, here I'm gonna skip forward sexy girl. Here she is. This was like. Oh man, I, don't know what I'm uh that that top is troublingly low. For this family-friendly show. Let's cut this was good. Actually, this one is quite graphic, so I don't want to get too she's in a bathing suit for Christ's sake. Give me a break right. I mean what are we [ __ ]? What is this? The Catholic Church look a bit I'm trying to not show too much I want to cut I want to cut to the money shot aka when she dies, wait. I don't know. Is she perishing this one? This [ __ ] is so bizarre. This is so bizarre by the way this you're like. Can you sit back I can't either so so I don't think she perishes in this one. So let's look look at this in the birds. That's Christ is real, so here we go so this is the one where they perish at the end and these these are. These are the ones that I cherish here she is. It starts almost like a Thrasher Oh see this is Rosie's walking through the woods yeah you get the whole story. Yeah are you out of your mind. You had two very good ways to walk around that so there's one she likes in this one she's actually like yeah I, think is gonna shoot she's going quick where she's like I'm dying. Somebody help me. This is not a joke. Yeah she's, like I, know you're. There we go. This is gonna, get really sex. You know your hair back there. She I can't see the frickin bar, but I want to find a money shot where she parachute she's struggling man. So here we go, looks a little bit like work. Oh get your dicks out everybody by the way. This isn't the part that turns me off. I've already stopped watching you gotta watch that her breaking character and be like Darrell for real funny anymore man. That's what really turns me on when it's they instruct them to break the wall. So it looks like actually that yeah by the way, it should be noted. She didn't even take a breath now. Let's see oh yeah, okay, what's crazy is that this got me into a spiral, a quick fan and there's a video online of this I think he's like a brittle, British journalist out where quicksand is out and like the aisles like somewhere in the coast, I'm real yeah and he's like he's like alright, so the quick son he is pretty dangerous and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna I'm gonna demonstrate how you get in, and out of quicksand I've got all the safety guys we're gonna be fine, so first of all get in your wig around a little bit alright and then you go in a little lower. While this is happening, quick is having a lot quicker than I thought. Alright, maybe getting me out and they spend three hours trying to get him out of quicks you. He is terrified anyone thinking how high up does it go? I can't I honestly think it gets to his chest yeah, but he can't breathe and he's like having and I'm watching this I'm watching it like you know, there's Russian, kids that hang off the side of a building, yeah I'm, watching it like that going I'm going it's long, usually by know he doesn't die. Part of me is like holy I started. Doing I started doing a solo podcast because of videos like that, where I do too I do one with like yes, like you or love, but the open tabs, yeah open on it and I just do other types of [ __ ] I, like of like of [ __ ] I'm interested in it's always flash floods but like, but like I. That kind of stuff blows my mind like when you find a video like that you're, like oh no I, mean I loved open tabs by the way, because I always have like a million yeah yeah. It's a fun game that we used to play. I used to play with guys is like you'd go in and just open your browser like this and go go ahead. Ask me what I've been googling just flip through and be like? Oh tell me about Kevin and bean I go: oh well, beans, a guy! That's you know, you're, not in studio Oh. Tell me about Rich Eisen, no, tell me about alright. But yes, so that's the podcast but I love finding a good video, no III, never imagined my and my whole life that I and I've feel like I've, seen everything so I'm wondering. Do you have any other strange, bizarre phenomenons that you're on to YouTube right now, that's really picking your interest or your penis or though dude I'm, the cool one of the coolest things I've seen in a while. Do you ever heard back door back room casting couch? That's the porn porn ya got I saw one of the outtakes where the girl says no, and it was so awesome. Wait, that's not that's the owner, that's not the point of that. Nothing happens, but it's so awesome. Are they like? Why are you here? Is it for she just sits down and he does his spiel. This you've heard the spiel so I'm, not the director myself personally, I'm. Just a casting guy I send this out to the producers. They'll hire you and they just want to make sure you can perform a camera that you're comfortable right. Okay, yeah he's like so what I'm gonna ask you to do is first undress and then the best part of that whole video series is that look on their face where they're like okay? What like pay me now and he's like good, and then you see him on his heels, like that's, not how it works, confident where the whole series is like. Does it ever go anywhere? No, it's so great you guys! I was like more of, though you find that I, just I think on YouTube to put back room casting couch fail or something fail. Oh it's on porn. How better, not click yeah, yeah, Tony, Robbins I can watch any video. He does because he's a sociopath, Tony Robbins freaks me out because on one hand like he I get it yeah. Yeah I've heard him he's got like this magic he's like he is a sociopath he's got that cult charm he's a beacon jump. He could make you eat poison! Apple sauce and catch a [, __, ] comet behind the moon or whatever he could do that a hundred percent right he's got a arey he's, got a video of him showing off his house in Fiji, right, mmm and he's showing it to the camera, and it's just like. Do you ever like the best way to say this is like? Do you ever have a friend who gets genital warts and every conversation they have all they do is kind of slide in statistics about how common genital warts are. Just like you know, HPV is interesting. I am yeah, go to the very end and watch the way he Mike's going on. I can't see it for some reason: I'm I'm not ready, but you was covering the. Let me try to address this okay. What he's right here, - I'll, tell you I can he's basically saying he's. Got heart he's a very integral part of this community. That's really his family. They call him big boss, but this is what I call them big boss, that's fun, but the best part is he forces everyone to stop what they're doing come out to the driveway and sing a song to him, and he stands in the middle as they sing at him and play the guitar, and you look at some guys, like I gotta, get back to cutting trees, ok, Tony! Let's do this. What just play a little and you'll see them. Apples, though, he's in great shape by the way, I'm am saying all this and I understand that he's never sold himself as anything other than what he is. Ok, yeah well being hypocritical is I mean yeah. We watched the documentary, but and what it's pretty incredible. The thing is like that. There's a documentary on Netflix about him. That was a definite puff piece, but you can't help, but aside the insanity of it so as hard as they try to make him look like a saint. You can tell how weird it is. Also, oh, he's good right. Dipping pool outside his house, yeah yeah they've, been pull, he's got a little he's, got a little trampoline that he hops on yeah. He makes the girl break up with her boyfriend on the floor now I was like dude, that's the one I was what's life gonna be like when she gets out of here, I'm like that Rolla, and he calls back he's like what the [ __ ] was like sorry, we're. Okay, I just got peer pressure, doing it on live TV he's like he does this [ __ ], where he looks pretty broken afterwards, like what's [ __ ] that part [ __ ] me up. Oh, that wasn't cool Tony Robbins! Do it, but it's like he does this Ted wear a nightgown he's, like you know, he's not good for you right, yeah, so you're gonna call him right now, while everyone's watching the cameras on you and tell him, you don't love him and you never and you never loved it yeah that woman. He doubt that for me, I go if I hears biggest problems like I know: self-help gurus, like I, know them and I just go. What what about the day before you were so PO, you ruined? You were looking for help like him. I just know: they're walking paradox, and you know this guy is the most [ __ ] I mean if this guy he's got a [, __ ] dungeon he's got theirs. He has like nine different beds around his house. Just keeps going. This is my outdoor bed, where my beautiful wife and I la tell me this is where we make love passionately. It doesn't have like gigantis ism he's got like a he's got like a disease that makes him like huge and his voice crazy. We couldn't kill him if he was passed out in a hotel room with bats. Okay, not much bigger. No, no! He has gigantis ism I. Think so he's a massive man yeah his teeth fit in his mouth, like you, don't have like baby teeth. Oh is that true think he has a hormone thing. There's something in this. You know he's in great shape. He's got to be on testosterone, he's come to ask me about my family and then I'm gonna reply. The way Tony, Ryall and Bert tell me about your family Oh. They call me Big Daddy Kane, which means I'm the [ __ ]. He laughs like it's like not his idea, but they're like dad. He's like excuse me, but he's like keep going big. You mean Big, Daddy boss, the way he just laughs said that was so creepy. They call me big bosses I'm the big boss. What am I gonna do pay for everything. I mean you know as a god, complex [Music], dude I got [ __ ] to do he's. Like he's doing this gets out of here. Everyone put on your Hawaiian shirts and Lane. No, they put flowers in the hairs. You think those guys had them in there. Naturally, no the entire staff gathered to bid Tony feel world just spontaneously. What I love right and compassion shoes, because they're gonna miss him. They're gonna miss cleaning up after him, and you can care of him and take the cars there. It's such a joy and a pleasure getting his breakfast ready, seeing that he only ate half cos, he's only watching sighs to throw away brand-new a yeah. Don't [ __ ] it? Don't you eat that you go, don't you [ __ ] eat that in the garbage I'm a total hypocrite, because this is exactly how I behave about this much money, you're, not a hypocrite, because well he acts like he's: Saint John, the Divine yeah. You know the big guy with the fan in his hand, like he's just like get me the [ __ ] out of here damn this is amazing. Why do they even try to spin it like this wait? This is just his house. These [ __ ] just work at his hat. Is it a resort? This is your house. These are your slaves. He has slaves. Yes, Viji slaves meet up front. Mr. Tony Big Daddy is leaving 7:00, be there dress up, bring your little flower fan. We got a baby, I love a baby in the shot. You know what happens when you miss 7 a.m. they just spontaneously met on the driveway to say goodbye. Why would you show this off? This is embarrass. This is embarrassing. This is embarrassing. More that's scary. These are coming in the Bahamas. Very much I mean this war resort there all the time this is his house he's probably there one month a year, if a month I mean think of his schedule, there's no way he's making it all the way to feed woman. Do they have to pay tribute? I watch this is really in love with his lot. No, but it's not sex. It's about buddy have a gray there tribute to the king, I, don't know you know battling the day. The King got the [ __ ] the bride before the groom. That's with that's. What's that called a fornication under consent of the king monkey he's fornicating under the king interest by the way, if we do get end up in a in a hate spiral in life, Tony Robbins is never pulling us out. We do need self help like I'm glad you got here, he's leaving. You want to sing yeah he's, like maybe you'd, like if I fornicated, with your wife. First like shut up Tony, you got you own slaves, [Applause] [Music]. They make them rehearse this. These are just people look at your house and they were her singing songs. The lyrics are white devil you could buy in the gym wow. That was really something man I'm glad you shared that you have you are today. You have gems, you, you bring gifts. This is a gift. I love this summer. This is really the stuff that I live for Business Insider's. They really crack the story Robbie. He got in trouble recently for, like a me to think what was it? Oh, not not a me! No! He didn't get me to, but he said something at one of the conferences were: what was it like? It was nowhere in comment was like a victim, shaming thing: I'm not familiar coming up familiar with it, because I will not misquote. Now we're not really just keep we're gonna break. You can totally Mel. We did for bright if just go for Majid Lee, yeah I just start every stay with allegedly I'll call the show allegedly. So, let's take a quick break and when we come back, okay Tony, you are not gonna, believe this footage of Tony Robbins me to allegedly stay tuned hila. Do you know what I value as much as anything in this life? What my dick and my balls? Okay, you wear nice shirts! You wear nice pants! You got to feel good in your clothing right, so why is it that people think they can neglect underwear? Why is it that, when your dick and your balls are probably your most prized position, they call them the jewels for a reason you just throw them in whatever you've got. That's unacceptable and me on DS knows exactly what I'm talking about that's why they make the softest most breathable incredible fabric with designs that are a total blast and a total breeze to wear so comfortable. So incredible me, undies Oh, how comfortable can undies be ethan micro modal? Do you understand how soft and luxurious this is balls and dick need a place to live? That's me: undies Creed, that's our mission statement because the balls in the dick it's not needed for men. Thank you did I just sniff underwear, they're clean by the way I'm like that good here's, the deal they gotta they've got a new membership plan for all those dirty hole. Rhett and disgusting underwear you've hung on to throw that crap out each month, Mandy's released a new exclusive print that only members can get collaborations with artists brands, unique designs. You're gonna want to have it. Members pay less for everything on the Mandy's website with special member pricing. That means you can get a second pair. Whatever you want, you're gonna be paying the less than any of these. Other schlubs membership comes with no strings attached, switch any ding. Time cancel any time skip a month. You know, they've got that 100% satisfaction guaranteed boy. If you don't like it, send it back and they'll put it in the incinerator and give you a full refund, can't beat that offer. Or can you cuz here's a better offer, first-time purchasers when you go to Mandy's dot-com, slash h3, you get 15% off and free shipping on your first order. It's a no-brainer folks! You got a no money back. You got the money back guarantee you get the best underwear ever made. You get a 15 percent discount. That's me: undies cop / h3 me Andes come / h3! All of you guys don't have an ela like me to dress me every day and before I had an ela I needed all the help I could get stitch fix. Is your virtual ela? Here's how it works? You go on your website. You answer a bunch of questions about your taste, your budget, all what kind of garments you like looks as I say: garments now, I own, a clothing company, I started saying garments: you go, you tell them everything about yourself and then all of a sudden they put together a wardrobe, a stylist, okay, someone with taste, unlike you, puts together a style for you in your budget, wonderful clothes that you they then send off to you to try on you. Try it on you see if you like it, guess what, if you don't like it, you send it back, you don't have to pay for it. It's convenient as it gets. You got someone with taste helping you out, that's not your mom and your girlfriend. Do you don't have because life is tough and sometimes you need help. That's what stitch fix is all about. So you can look good. You know it's like it's a catch-22: you got to look good to get the girl you need. The girl to look good stitch fix is breaking the vicious cycle. Okay, that's what it's all about guys! That's! Why I think it's a great service that you're gonna freakin love stylist fees, only twenty dollars which is applied as a credit towards anything you keep so pretty much free, in other words, all right. Here's the deal hurry, the stitch fix, calm, slash, h3 the get started right now, keep all five items in your box and you'll get 25% off your entire purchase nice that stitch fix, a.com, slash, h3 suit, fix, comm, slash, h3 break the cycle, get the girl. Look. We all spent a lot of time in front of screens. That's just what we Millennials do. I was born with screens, but now I'm finding out I've, read I heard this report just last week that the blue light emitted from screens oh, can cause strain. It can mess with your vision. Well now they think that it can actual cause cancer and loss of vision at old age. Are you freaking kidding me, these blue lights need to get the Frick out and that's what these Felix grey glasses are all about. They have technology embedded in the lens to block those nasty blue lights from getting in those beautiful precious eyeballs of yours. I do always feel like tired at the end of the day, like my eyes are tired. It's the blue light they're like little Isis particles and you're, the free world. Your eyes are the free world block them put up a wall, you look, that's what these glasses do: seriously: they're design, okay, to stop the strain, prevent the cancer and to keep you doing what you love, which is watch hentai at 3:00 a.m. to 8:00 a.m. every evening, while your parents, sleep, keep doing it and lovely I'm. Sorry and I do watch hentai, though, when you're asleep, you just don't know the callback guys protect your self, you don't need a prescription, their glasses are available in non prescription readers and they just launch prescription lenses. So everyone can benefit from wearing these beautiful technological, amazing, glasses, guess what they're made of Italian acetate the same glasses that the big boys wear you're, a big boy. Aren't you these are beautiful and stylish and they're made in that towel. Well, I! Don't know if they're made in italia but they're made with italian acetate. So, oh, if you don't want, I can sir. I don't know what bigger of a cell you can get than that. Go to felix pray, glasses, dot-com, /ht, to try pair Felix glasses today sit down for an evening at the computer. Get a pair of these! Try it on and see if your eyes don't feel a million times better. That's Felix, great glasses, calm, /h, three Felix, grey, glasses, calm, /h, three, build a wall and keep Isis out. Those are the blue and your eyeballs are precious last bastion of democracy and we are back Tony Robbins shocking footage that you will not believe at the Democratic National Convention who the this is the best friend of mine. Oh my god, that is huge. Just to give you a scope of the amount of people to come and watch this guy with gigantis ISM talk express himself, his giant heart. You know at least these people are going into a stadium and saying I'm broken right, like as opposed to other people. What other stadiums fill up with people that are broken, that they don't let you know, they're broken yeah right, right, okay, you're right you by the way and again I just want to emphasize okay we're good friend on demand, Tony Robbins. Well, I was that doctor man I was like wow eally said: that's a really nice thing to do for yourself to go there and learn about yourself yeah. That being said, he does own slaves, so you gotta take the good with the path yeah. Thank guys like was the big play that just came out. Andrew Jackson, Andrew Jackson was Hamilton. Was it animals in black? You need a real life yeah. We see the president Hamilton was now right now. I knew the answer to this work. I'm a bird I didn't know either. No, he wasn't black. He was a white guy as one fellow white. What am I crazy, yeah I just talk. Is he good freestyle? He was. He was, however, it was Puerto Rican. Wasn't he in the nobody is he was born in like Puerto Rico wasn't really that's true was Hamilton land that got shot by burr? Yes, he got he died in the duel. Yes, do they put that into play? Yes, really yeah with Tupac's who shot you exactly. Burr does a drive-by he's like oh [, __, ] and then Suge Knight comes out and [ __ ] sets off of throws a grenade in the audience, or so we admit that these people, it's good for them, that they're going out and they're getting help. Yes, god bless them, and it's great that Tony can provide that kind of help for people yeah, but but there's a big but but but also well also we'll spend this life thing like. Let's just say: oh he's, not that woke he's not that whoa yeah budday, but you know it's like these retreats. They cost like ten thousand dollars and people are like getting loans and selling their [ __ ]. These are poor. People that are looked are desperate. You know to improve their lives, I'm like Tony you're, a rich man and heat. What he would say is it's important to make that sacrifice. So the experience is more worth it for you, it's easy for him to say. When he's getting $10,000, he would say the same thing thousand, but it was a lot. Maybe five, maybe fifteen mm-hmm could be more look. I almost did it is ten thousand what it's his business. Mastery I mean. Maybe he has different ones but yeah. That's the ultimate retreat! It's like a week-long. They even give you lunch. They even give you lunches. Well, they give you a little black lunches. No, but Tony would say the same thing he's like listen if it's you're, not payment, I'm, really not gonna, be worth my time. Okay, okay, I'm, gonna, flip on you and I'm, starting to side with Tony I like that, it's $10,000 make it hurt, earn it that's what he said. You know. That's such a nice thing to say when you're the one receiving the money my wife said: I can't give you [ __ ] anymore, your dicks too big and I was like well can't argue with that Wow. It's the same logic that Tony's giving is it you you should always pay more so that it would work more and you're like losing a logical connection like is he saying that Tony doesn't want to do it? Nope he's saying and so brilliant marketing I am charging so much it that it works yeah if I, if I charged us, you wouldn't appreciate it yeah. So if your wife says I, don't want to suck your dick anymore cuz, it's too big, then you're, it's I'm in the same place as a Tony Robbins customer cuz. She he's big [ __ ] him he's big [, __ ] him he's going I'm, sorry guys, if you're in small dick sorry, but you got such a big dick yeah all the way, my dicks, not that big right yeah but yeah. That's it's genius bucket marketing right, guys, I charge extra for my shows, because I will remember that help I got I. You'll. Remember me for a long time as you pay off that debt for the next five years, you'll remember every time you make that payment every time you know the bus and go I had to sell my car exactly you'll go! Oh that's right! Yeah now, I don't have a car and I'm still depressed yeah I thanks Tony, no I, don't know, god bless him right, but anyway we were talking about this clip. We failed to find it guys. I click baited you on that break. We have nothing to show you well. What do we have here long to find the moment? But let me let me paraphrase in 11 he had said I remember what he said in one of these giant auditoriums. He said they were talking about me too, and he said you know it's gone too far. He says I. Think me too is too much about the victim and you don't want yourself to be the victim. You need to take control of your own life. So all these people being like me too me too, it's like you need to take control for your own healing and your own life and stop being the victim. That's fine, I get where he's coming from I could see what here's where he offended people he said. For example, it's gone too far. I work with CEOs, who just told me this anecdote. They said I had two people applied to be my secretary, one was a very beautiful woman who was more qualified and the other was a dude who was less coiffeur than the other, beautiful woman and I heard the dude, because I, don't I, think it's dangerous to hire a beautiful woman and they don't want to be near an attractive woman. There is, and I was like whoa how about just don't [ __ ] grab her tits or how about don't ever mention that out loud, just hire the dude and be like yeah I guess he can fight it in Tony and then Jimmy was like by the way this guy Tim. Something who works for charles schwab said this to me. I get I, understand, I, understand, I, understand what he's saying: I worked with the young lady Jessica Michelle, singleton, very talented in Cleveland, and then the night the club gives me like 12 beers, because I'm going back to my room, all I got to do next day is go out to Morning Glory, the Rovers got a big festival. That's all I got to do, go out there and party yeah and I say to her, which I'd say to any comic I'm in the elevator. With her and I'm like I'm about to say you know, let's go to my room, that's it! It's any comment: yeah anymore right, man, I, don't and, and then part of me goes yeah BC, just a comic who's. Gonna talk about comedy in your life. You know everyone Aaron, so I get it we're get out of the elevator go I made it so [ __, ], uncomfy I was like I'm married, but hold it hold it and then put my finger like I made it so uncomfortable than she was like. I need a beer right now to hear the rest of his speech, and I was like listen, I would just say hi, but like I wanted someone to drink with I, don't want to just go and drink. My myself and I want to talk about comedy and she was like. Are you trying to invite me to your room and I? Go? No, that's not what I want, but, yes, that is what I want like as a comic, not a [ __ ] like oh, my god and it just spiraled. I was like I want to go back to the day where I could just say it and then not hit on you and be a good guy yeah. So did you go back to the room? Oh I, [, __ ], her obviously, but no, we, my back of the room I mean whatever I mean basically bring her back to the room. That's fine! Just whatever you do, don't stand in front of the door and don't pull down your pants and jerk off. [Music]. Don't know ever that was the lowest ek yeah and the saddest, because it's like so weird and not worth it to lose such a comedy like a hero will be not kill, be better yeah he'll be back, he lost some he'll have insane mass, but masturbation joke is when he comes back his first joke. He says: he's gonna be one of the best jokes you've ever heard in your life. Are you saying that for sure you have a into a sense? I just know him he's a brilliant he's, a brilliant game. Like he's a brilliant mind, he has been sitting by himself with his thoughts mm-hmm for the past 1 in 5 months. 4 months hasn't like it's not like he's been on a timeout that long and he won't come back for a while, but when he starts coming back he will get will get like uh, it's like when Artie Lange after he stabbed himself right and he first time he got back on stage. Oh, he said no. So how was everyone's Fashion Week like if you give him that much time he's gonna come back with something that's [, __, ], insane, yeah and I bet and we'll hear it in the communities we'll see him work out bits yeah, but when he does that special that he'll pay for himself will release himself, not everyone will buy it, which is fine, I'll, definitely buy it and I'll sit. Oh I will I feel like he was the one guy that was immediately like I. Definitely did all the things he owned. I was like wow, pretty aggressively, that's a what that's almost quicksand level of fetish. You know I mean you want coming up my room and then all the sudden, hey you wanna come on my room. Okay. Here we go yeah, that's okay for you huh! Do you mind if I check off the sand from the door? Here's well here's the question right like this it, and by the way this is a really slippery slope to even bring this up to even suggest this. But like say that is what you're sorry say. That is your fetish right. Yeah is like say that that is the one thing that turns you on is masturbating in front of, and they can't escape. No, no, no, no just say masturbating in front of me: okay, let's simplify, let's just say, masturbate in front of people. That's the thing that turns you want right right. How do you go about your you better? You hire a prostitute, you oh yeah, yeah yeah I mean, and then you don't realize what you're saying like I said to someone the other day: I go I, go here's just I, didn't even begin to finish. I said to my wife, friends: I said: hey we're talking about something: I go well! Here's the problems like I was talking about kiddie porn they're talking about kiddie porn I go yeah, but what about this is that these guys? That would be pedophiles at least they're just watching kiddie porn? And then my wife goes. What about the children in the same video and I'll? Say: oh yeah, good point, good I didn't think it through [Laughter]. Exactly like you say, I don't know, but you can I mean you can find a consenting person right. I guess that was his move. Is that he would be like. Do you mind if I masturbate from I guess it's also the places he did? It was at work. The problem is, if I do it at a bar and no one calls foul. Are you fine, a random girl and you go on a couple day? Maybe he doesn't like the dates? It's just the random hey how you doing Bob's your uncle. God bless, see you later yeah, but I think the problem was that they were familiar and they were working in a way. It was a power structure. Yeah like hey. Do you mind if I jerk off in front of you and you're, like wow and I, remember saying to my wife when that went down and buy this by the way? This is just honesty and if you're through the roof about me, sharing honesty, I apologize, but this is I'm. Just talking I said two more: if I go I go, but why didn't they just say no like? Why didn't they just walk away and my wife goes? Okay, let me role play it for you, Brock Lesnar and you and I are in a hotel room and he's like hey. Do you mind if I jack off she's like do you can give an option in there yeah good call? Also it's just so startling of a question. Yeah and I bet you're you're. Probably like wait. Is this gonna be a joke, yeah sure like yeah go ahead and then all the sudden he drops trou and you're like whoa. What do I do now and then it's already started you're like okay, already yeah. Do it yeah yeah, it's just a weird situation: yeah by the way, I'm a fan of Louise I love, I mean yeah. I actually find my I found myself thinking about him like if you're you remember like a week ago and I told you I hope that I hope he has some good friends around we'll keep him like. You know, like I mean it's probably going through like the worst time possible. They took away. I mean like like this. Yes, the Otters like yeah, so bad I, just talk about my wife jacking me off in my special and my daughters will see that and be like mom's, not good at it. Yeah I did see that by the land and jobs can be, they can be a tug. Sometimes she tried to give me one. The other night and I was like nah I. Think I'd, rather just go to bed unsatisfied just go to sleep yeah. She was like trying to problems, but what, if I turned off all the lights? I go yeah like a ghost is jacking me off yeah, wait: yeah, no I, yeah I, can't by the way secret time available now on Netflix yeah, definitely check it out. You all have Netflix. Everybody has Netflix watch secret time. Thank you. After this podcast you can watch it now. You get the free world anyway. I do actually I did want to ask you so I have a whole lot to get to, but since we're talking about secret time now on Netflix Bert Kreischer we had spoken, I saw you do a gesture and in the special where you're talking about the Alabama wet, wipe, okay and but that the joke was great. But what piqued my interest was this. My god is that when you, when I I didn't I, it's so natural cuz, I, wiped from the front I went from the front. I went from the front I'm a front way. Yeah. Thank you! Okay, because the kids do they go high five ago discriminated against for front wiping I've been ostracized, yeah I ain't feel like I, am at the forefront of an important movement: real yeah. Oh that's so I always like a 'then. He just wiped from the front and I feel if I'm being and I don't want to flour this up and make a hyperbolic statements, but I feel like Rosa Parks of the wiping movement for men. I can I tell you the word. I always thought I'm, a forerunner yeah I was telling a forerunner of wiping yeah. If you lift the balls, when you wipe yeah, I, lift and pull to the side I'm getting that old, you know I'm right and I wrap. You can wrap them around the hand as I go in and I go in and add it. I like, like you're lighting, a match right like I, go I, don't go I, don't drag or ooh the gooey [ __ ] Oliver balls, oh yeah dragon! It's like yeah I said: oh, don't you wipe [ __ ] up your back? What's wrong with you, I've been doing this for decades. I literally cannot wipe from the back I. Do I try it's instant. What do you stand up if you walk in on me, wiping I? Look discreetly I bring feeling like I'm a chilling girl ways from the back. A just goes. Imagine you have to and you look at your toilet when you're wet you have to stand up, there's not that much space back now get [ __ ] on your ass, the front half! You know you, like your vagina from the back. You, ladies, do that, because you're not you know, you wipe your vagina from the back cuz. You don't want to risk the lady opportunity of something from the like a germ, the ladies, the ladies, are supposed to pull it back everything away from the that's. What the ladies do, but I thought you went from fronts back backs. Can I tell you Anna, please always this conversation was sprung at at one time. I was in college with all my friends and my friend, one of my friends was telling a story about how he had a friend with one arm and I said Wow. How does he lift his balls up when I'm alive and I was with like four other friends and they all went and they all were back wiping Psychopaths and they all said what they're like no joke showery to be in a time machine in that room with you guys and the look on your face? Well, everybody was making fun of me because they were all back wipers and the thing that was crazy about it is that we didn't know each other existed. There are two types of people in this world right and they don't know they existed until I'm again. The Nelson Mandela of ass white dude and I've opened this dialogue. Thank you. I hope that when people like us- and we can share our own secret, okay, yeah I and I took a poll on Twitter today, cuz I wanted to get to the heart of this yeah, sixty percent from the back forty percent from the front. So we're not that rare species, that's almost perfect split I once brought it up on stage because I went I did the did the joke, and someone goes. Oh you why, from the front I, don't even think of it done even it's just how I wipe and I go. You know how do you wipe and the guy goes I sort of got to goes side to side? That's the most fun. What I go, but where does your hand enter? He goes. It doesn't matter its side to side. Was this a bit of a heckle? No, it was in Atlanta, it was in Atlanta and I was like wait, wait, yeah, I'm, I have always been and here's the other thing is my dad. We talked about if I talk about this with my family, hmm, my dad goes all who wipes from the front and I go dead. You taught me how to wipe my ass, oh yeah, the first time I did it. Why didn't you stop me, then and put me on your right path? This is where a man my dad had the same conversation, because he the podcast and he goes I failed. You as a father unless I said that this week and I'm, like I'm your son, dude I, don't know how I learned to lift up my balls and scoop out the shed yeah I've picked that up from somewhere- or maybe you didn't [ __ ] teach me yeah. You did fail me yeah and by the way, my method of wiping that I learned on my own is better. It's okay, [ __, ], yeah, high-five, [, __, ] yeah. My way of being way of wiping is so much better superior yeah. You can't get the [ __ ] out, you go wet you and wet or un dry you pure dry, or do you use a baby way? Oh I'm, its Alabama wet wipes. You actually do that yeah! It's a [, __ ] kidding me. It serious! Try it when heals when you're, not a hairy, [ __, ] yeah, but doesn't stick okay, so we're gonna get into the cynics of this. Yes, when you're in a bind. Okay, road trip gas station, the paper toilet paper like this panting legit right scrolls on fold, it fold it fold it. You need a clean side. You need a straight-up, clean side right, fresh piece of loose-leaf, just a little bit of a spit, it's cool! If it's got a little bit of a little bit of consistent. Now you hear me out it's my [ __ ], okay, I, drink some water and then go in and just give it a good one. Don't go back and forth out of coz! That's when you start losing paper and our ass hairs. So the I think what you were you're at pages, that you're using the Torah paper. As you described, roll papers yeah would maybe think of the Torah. Exactly I, don't use the Torah but yeah and then, but now I'm not I got the water spraying toilet. Okay, you got the bidet yeah was that from Tom its brief, like two years, didn't wipe I've I've had days where I'm like I'ma roll, it I think I got everything. Ah, you get [ __ ] streaks on your on your bear. I don't want where oh you guys just sent your pants. Another dark I, don't know I'm a foreigner and was that at Tom Segura thing he had a boy. I know he got the bidet first and I went to his house. I walked into his bathroom and it wasn't open like hey man, you dreamin right, I came out, yeah I think anything to him and he goes I go dude. He goes I know it's amazing yeah. Well, where did you get that he was like? Dude gave me the name of his place. We redid our house and I, told my wife. I. Go I want one of those toilets, but I had seen them in Japan I, gotten them in Japan. No so obsessed with them in Japan, then I would sometimes sit on my toilet and relax and just have it hit me in the bottle. They're just going, oh for all the years that didn't hold them just so we had this conversation with mom and a company sent us one of these toilets. But what's the name of the place? I know the place, it's the same ones. We got no way. Yeah I just need to install it. Yeah it's a little complicated or storm. I need a plumber. You need a plumber and you need electrician I, don't still yeah, because you gotta have a blue man, job uh-huh! Well, yeah! Don't you wish you could I mean you seem like a handy guide. You can you do stuff? Where is it complicated? No, that one's really caught? You got to rewire all this [ __ ]. You need to plug inside your bathroom and then you need a separate entrance for the water to go up like it's really complicated, yeah massage, that's whole massage. It is so it's gotten to the point, not even joking that sometimes like hard when I was on the road. Doing Travel Channel like right, I think right towards the tail-end is when I wrote when I was first got. Him was in Japan when I was doing Travel Channel that I go in with a bottle of water and just school. But would you wipe when you did that yeah, you not start dry before the score? First squirt, oh I, don't know I enough pressure, huh! Oh no! It's like a power wash it's got so much pressure. It can break the o-ring sometimes and it turns into an enema I'm. Not even joking I've definitely had a break the only where it gets inside you and you're like okay, that's coming out like world, but it's warm so it feels good and then it's just jump-starting. The next one take water yeah! It's a lot like a water. The invention, I want I, want a water pick inside my shower. So when I'm showering I just water pick, my teacher ever heard of ASMR. Yes, so I've been meaning to watch ASMR videos, I have never and all of our career online watched, ASMR videos I've been meaning to talk about it forever, but I thought that you would enjoy to watch it out. Given your affinity with the wonderful things of the Internet, my daughter's got into ASMR, really yeah I think it's a lack of living, a real authentic life that you show like I need something real like like yeah women, eating pasta like god. It's like really hate right, I mean whispering and chewing I mean there's a lot of interesting ones here, for example, this is so this is kind of par for the course here. Okay, this is a normal regular one. This is the most popular ace of our channel on YouTube and by the way, five million views. Bro. Look at the views on her channel. Look at this: oh she's, 26 million 24 million 20 million. What I am what do you think this would be the same if she was ugly? Absolutely not it's exactly. No, no! They it's a it's it. I was watching these before the show. Yeah, in turn, was putting them together for me and I'm, like I, feel like I'm cheating on either right now. Yeah like this is so weirdly intimate that I am uncomfortable watching this being married. That's why I was surprised you saying your daughter was watching because well, there's there's so many different varieties. My kids are the popular one. My kids are into people eating and like and like one of the ASM ours that they do. Is those slime videos where it's just more wrong. They just yeah but she's a slime. My daughters have a slime dude, that's a new generation of quicksand bro. There will be people going well. Have you seen slime porn? Oh my god. Listen to her pop! Actually, this one, this she's a it's, not old, you probably have to say she's killed. This is the one that I was watching. I was like I feel like I'm, cheating on healer I know this she's doing this. You don't do this for me. You I, get nervous from this song like put that hand job away. Can I get some of this? Ah, would you remember when we were kids when I was kid and you do this, you go and then you got behind someone and it sound like a bee mmm. Why I thought you quit? You can't do it yourself, the right. Do it to someone else and right it sound like a bee mmm. It's not happening the early day ASMR, but watch this and tell me how uncomfortable you are right here. Let me crank it up. Everybody just flick your eyes, Tamar we're just really lactation Oh, so they whispered crank the gain all the way up. So you hear every little thing start you off with check our zero she's gonna, put lotion on her hands. I need to do a poll between people like me who, like this, makes me the opposite of relaxed. It's making me relaxed oddly enough I, listen to this in the car on night, roof I find it relaxing. My father made me actually but ela. It makes me like nervous and like if I put this on at night, I feel like a creep. Well, not a creep I'm, not gonna I'm, not gonna label, everyone that enjoys these videos but I feel like I'm in an interrelation. I feel like I'm cheating on you. I really do it's like this whole roleplay things like uh I mean, and this is lotion I hope she puts it on her lips, really hugging dry anyway, at the engines I'm putting up her ass, it's a crazy twist, but it's very pornographic or welcome to him. This is so bizarre. It's so weird I. Just think that it's really a lot of lonely guys out there. This is akin to like one of those futuristic movies. She just grabbed a bag of baby wipes she's got whatever [ __ ] nearby man. This is just the idea that she knows this would play well yeah she's a pro well honestly, I, wonder who started it. I do get it. I do have a sensation, although they say it's mostly in your scalp, but I feel like here. Oh, if I watch a video where, like a dude, falls like you, ever see the videos where the guy tries to dive off the balcony and misses the pool lands on his back. My [ __ ] gets basically like goes like goes wait Wow. You know what ask more videos I, like our our chiropractors mmm, listen to me like a role player, just type in ASMR actor, and you can hear a guy cracking guys back and for some reason that makes me feel like like I worked out or something let's watch. They some are chiropractor yeah, it's just type of ASMR. Chiropractor I guarantee you just all these back crackers and they just it's like they mic their chest and then crack the guys back. But is it real real and I'm I could watch you guys, there's a lot on Instagram, but I was having a baby? Oh, so a lot of them are cute girls in like spandex to done hurt this [ __ ] guy, you telling me this guy doesn't grab ass, a little appropriate inappropriately every now, and then he doesn't just brush a little too close on that ass. That's gonna be sound effects. No, no! No! Oh I! Guess they could do sadder than anything right cross, both or anything. Oh, my god. Don't this is weird chiropractic smite be all Oh. Did you feel it alone? I could feel a little bit of a relief I gotta tell you I! Think it's edited. Those sounds I. Don't I! Don't know about that! Ela! Let's shrink it up all the way because they do it ela they always say some are channels, do the same thing where they turn the gain all the way up and they're super high. So you can hear all these little things that sounds real here we go. Oh I want that done, dude. He was so angry after he didn't move again. Whoa hang on watch this move without so funny back in, like 1990 1997 I got it what they called a DAT recorder and you'd record. It just did really crisp audio. They were expensive. They were like 600 bucks, so it's basically an h4 and or like an h6 one of the zoom recordings yeah, but I could record things and it would it was. It would sound more clear than it did in the room and so I would me, and my friends got highs right when I moved to New York, to split him in 1998-99 and I would record us all hanging out without them knowing and then I'd play it for them and they'd. Listen to it us hanging out five minutes ago in their headsets like this is amazing because it was so Chris mm-hmm. So clear you were like I can't feel like I'm in the room in you know like so I guess, I'm should have gone today, it's more back, then I'd be oh yeah. You havin trouble either for sure a trillionaire. You know who listen, who actually does listen these every night who, in the intern Oh for real Ian? Are you there? Oh yeah I'm here? So you are a consumer of ASMR right yeah, not every night, but I watch a few. What does it do for you, you? What you watch it to fall asleep while you watch it like what do you get out of it? It is relaxing it's kind of calming it's like. Instead of just putting a show on TV to fall asleep to I. Have someone whisper in my ear, you, like the cute girls right you, those are the ones you picked out like the cute popular girls, I I just searched ASMR and those are always the top ones that come out. So not not enough right. I find the alternative. Do you ever feel seduced by these girls? Do you ever feel like you're I mean it is quite intimate? Do you feel that intimacy? Oh well, we're all in love right, yeah, girls, yeah, yeah, I've felt like I've formed relationships with people that I follow online unhealthy way, a lot of like a lot of them. I, follow them and I get so into their lives and then I'll be like on the Instagram and I'm like do you ever watch it with guys? Do you feel I've seen one or two I've been auto rolled into a guy, and do you feel like gay at all when that happens? I mean not to like put it. You know bluntly, but I feel like I feel intimate you. You get with your get with your boys and have them whisper in your ear. You know it's fun. There's some I would like to take air smarter. The next level do like black eyed, a movie theater ASMR, where you're you can hear the movie theater and everything we use here. The black guys just talking like commands ain't gonna happen, he's a whisper. They have much a role-playing stuff for real here's. One guy that super popular I just think he's got a whole thing going. This isn't real human was a robot name. Is Tony bamboo, that's not a real name. Have you watched, Tony, Benn, Boni and I have not doing your makeup today. Do you feel relaxed by this one? Do you feel the same way can I tell you I really do in a way like I feel, like he's gonna physiologist, the way he introduced himself I was like you, I'm gonna be putting you under today. Just want me to start running backwards from so it's just whispering. Yeah I can't stand like the whole yeah. Wait, wait! Wait! Let's compounds like you, look like a [ __, ] robot. No one ever tells you that you remind me of Max Headroom, but then so then we get really weird. Okay. Now, let's go down the hole, the rabbit hole. So here's one that's very popular [ __ ] popular girl, new stepsister roleplay. So it's both. So she like humiliates you very cute girl. Obviously that's how it works. I'm learning my humiliation, relaxes you watch this Oh. Let's be clear. We are not friends and do not want to be associated with you. Okay. What do you think about that? Imagine trying to fall asleep to this [ __ ], right, dude I want I need to go deeper in this by the way. I will just be doing this on open tabs next week. This is [ __, ] genius, but like it's I, just I, just my god, we have like okay when I said blackout, a movie theater, do they. They really do this, but I don't know if black I know that would be such a layer just to see a black I'd be like I, just loved the idea of someone like Ian laying in bed at night who usually this is the ASMR relaxed, and you just got this a girl like bitching at you and your ear. It's like you're, relaxing and she's. Also like humiliating and bitching at you. Can we just give it up to Gwen jizz for that our name grunge's Oh, Gwen quiz 1g1 quiz dude she's, got a tip jar. Just to straight a PayPal link shut up, oh I pay. Her I give her some glute cuz. Let me tell you something: she got 17 minutes and 59 seconds of improv about being a [, __ ] lesson: I'm Kerri, you kidding me yeah. She is drawing this from a real place. This is a real thing. What could you talk about in the ASMR for 20 minutes yeah without having to go to a script? Well mean bipolar. Girl Oh mean popular I got one bipolar girl. Let's see how this escalates. Let's get to the end, oh she's, like oh, you can kill time by just filing your nails, but she's combing, your hair. Oh my god, wait. You think she's combing, your sister's hair, the new sister's hair, your hair, you're right. You picked up on that. Yeah I could totally get into this. This [ __ ] has never brought makeup. So anyway, it gets much weirder I mean this is just for the surface. This is insane what's going on here, while I'm in notes on here come on, get out get the [ __ ] out of here now I closed. It I wanted I want to think of mine, and some are role-playing that I could get in. So what would that be? Um, okay! Well, it's got to be something people connect to right. It can't just be something that you're into, but it's got to be something people connect to that. You can do for 20 minutes straight without looking at a script. So shoenice, you know sure nice, oh he's a legend. He eats cases alcohol, so he may I've heard of him. Hey ASMR eating chips, video, okay! He just eats chips all right! Thank you. I'm gonna do an answer more of drinking Tito's and soda mmm I'm gonna. Do these I'm, not even joking I'm, doing I, don't want to do one role play I'm, trying to think of like oh, my, my Tito's, okay mine would be talking to a stewardess on the flight like going and she's cutting me off, but I'm trying to get myself [Laughter] he's a doctor he's trying to give me pills and I'm afraid of flying. That is, that is insane I've been wanting to do ASMR for a long time too, but I haven't done it. It's just so fine, so fertile. It's just like I feel like this is gonna sound. Almost sociopathic I feel like it's something you just got to do a lot of the March. Oh I think it's I I thought you said, challenge and I. Think channel I, like the pressure, a some more challenge where people as much as me getting characters me and do ASMR for 20 minutes as Bert in different scenarios. Jesus I, like that Christ you're, calling it out now guys the Bert Kreischer ASMR ones me trying to get them to open the door at McDonald's over here. What you know this is the deep web of apparently relaxing. Somehow I'm sorry gave me anxiety, Buckland John, Rowe, alright. So for those who can't see I, don't know how to describe him. Creepy mask it's a bird mask, but it's like a it's like a steampunk bird mask creepy, [, __, ] and he's got potions all on a top hat. I was trying to think how to describe those potions with white gloves on and a bowtie looks like a cedar at a nice restaurant with a leather white leather steampunk mask right. Thank you. That was very well described. Thank you. I watch this one a lot, there's that, but then there's there's ones that are really popular ASMR, kidnapping, roleplay and this one features a dude which is a band like Alex Jones. They banned Alex, Jones and they've got ASMR kidnap rope I mean it kind of like a rape. Fantasy like this is the one that the women watch if I'm being Frank 400,000 views into that there's a guy in our back with the beer he's holding a knife he's grabbing. Ameralik is caressing your face. Yo flag, his video, this guy's black. This is their so he got into this wait. I can never see me and girl pics on new sister I, can't even understand, put on a mask and act like a lunatic. One of the one of the comments, though, like do you like ratios really good? Is it yeah he's only gotten 214 dislikes I, mind it forever, very good, acting I, don't know, I, don't know if it's great acting funny story, brilliant, so well, not out and about as realistic. Guys again. So are people just isn't really a lot of experience with each other. I, don't know man, it's a smart baby. It's a whole brave new world I like that. It's all done, whispering yeah, almost like like it like, takes out the acting part of it and just like. Oh just whispered, halt I feel like there's gotta, be people who hate whispering right. It doesn't bother me I know you got a fan of the whisper, you don't like whispering! No and you don't like them that I totally get you know. One time I was with a I, was dating a girl in college and I thought things were going really well, she was I was I was into it and I thought she was really into it too. It was going great and I'm hanging out in her dorm room. This is freshman year, we're in the dorms and we're hanging out just the two of us and I. Just and I never do this I, don't know why I did but I just go like that and she [ __ ] snapped and, like never talked to me again. Why did you if he goes? Excuse me? Can you please never do that again and I was like whoa yeah I want to that again horse the diver did and I so that I know you don't like it, but not and I was that ik what I was wanting to create my crazy for you had interactions involving insane like I thought it was going great like I thought we are. We were really hitting it off. All it took was one of these, my wife, it's pulling her PO detail. If you pull my wife's ponytail like to a irrational place, here's the kicker, you ready her dad pulls her ponytail all the time. Oh I shouldn't say: [ __, ], world and I went to analyze I. While we were in Alabama and her dad came up said, what's up frog and full ponytail and she went hello, daddy and then I went up. I went up like a minute later. I was like, what's up frog, don't ever [ __ ]. Do that again he just did the same thing. She goes. It's very different, very different, no way. Okay, Wow! You do not pull my wife's ponytail. Have you got? Have you tried to understand that no I think that she wasn't allowed to vote I mean yeah, my dad's, not watching this I, don't think she was allowed to have a voice with her dad and I think that yeah, because she was afraid, he'd leave, because we her mom bailed on her I, think she was. It wasn't right and she didn't like it, but she couldn't vocalize that and then, when she feel safe with you, she vocalizes it like. What's that a compliment really yeah when we all go to dinner, I wanted to just power, my wife, her ponytail and see if she vocalizes it to you and then I'll just do it like right after you can see her lose urge. So your so when we go out to dinner you're inviting me to pull your wife's just pawn, it I just go: what's up frog, what's up frog, I, think she's, she's, slow, yeah she's got a lot slower. The older she's got recently. I was amazed to find out that you completed a travel yeah. That was a me-too moment. He just went you don't look, you look like I mean not totally in shape right, not not totally in shape no I'm, definitely out of shape, but, like you also on one hand, did a triathlon yeah. So can you be both things? I think so I think I think I am the most in shape out of shape guy in the world like Iran, it started with I started with Iran in the LA Marathon, with no training at all. How many miles was that 26 points and you random? How did you place not I mean good I ran it five hours and 33 minutes so, but I'm not like great, like average, is that about average no I. Think Irish is like probably four four hours and 30 minutes, or so you were. You were almost untrained, no training how I can't I can barely run around the block. Dude alright. Well, what happened was I can't run around the block. We did that sober October challenge me Rogan and re, and we finished it and we were our. You know I felt brave I had a little bravado because I'd just not drank her done drugs for a month and so I'm like I, can do anything and then we all get drunk on Joe's, podcast and I said very confidently. I could definitely run a marathon with no training and everyone Joe. In all fairness, Joe was the voice of reason and he was like I think he could do it. I think wasn't hurt, but I don't think you could do it under five hours. I go I could do it under five hours and Ari was like. Oh, you couldn't beat my dad Dory's dad is a Holocaust survivor and 80 years old and he had done it like six hours. Well, I could definitely beat your dad he's a tre, but how did you know that you could do that because, like I said, I'm I cannot run around the block. I didn't. Do you run like okay I run like a like a regular person? Would I'm not like a you go for runs I. Try to do it often, but like three miles is long. How are you, if you're running three miles regularly? How are you still so in shape? I won't drink, a lot, I think I drink. A lot is what the number one thing and so, but so then I said I could do it. So I signed up the LA Marathon, no training like other than regular. It's just like I didn't do a parent on plan I, just basically jogged, whenever I feel like jogging I didn't jog when I didn't want to jog I drank the night before showed up no training and I was bragging about it. I was like in line on Instagram stories going you trained for this. I was like not me, and then I ran and I just jogged the whole way at 22 miles. My calves seized up my quads seized, auto Mike and the woman in front of me. [ __, ], her pants and I was like. Oh I saw her and it she was like an executive. She liked it and it was like a band-aid one down one leg and up one cheek and everyone sort of falling off like zombies. This is why you dream bro and then I finished it, and so then, and so then men's house came to me and they were like you can find the trailer if you want to watch the trailers on my Instagram, you see the trailer of this men's health came to me and they're, like they're like very candidly. There are inspirational people online, like that are like, like, like Cameron Haynes and David, Goggins and and Jaco will Nick and and Peter attea. All these guys are like ultra marathon swimmers, Navy SEALs, ultra marathon runners. You know these funds, these guys are just amazing individuals and they are inspiring to me I'm inspired by every single one of them. I watch them and I, listen to them and I go I. Think they're saying is when I don't want to do stuff and they're like, but I, think a lot of people see those and go. Oh I'll never be able to do that and then they go and then we see you do it and you're like accessible to the average guy. So Men's Health is like we want to follow. You do another marathon I'm like I'm, never doing another marathon. If I'm done, that was the dumbest thing I ever did and they're like. What do you want to do? I was like a car boys want to do a triathlon and they're like we'll get your triathlon coach, we'll get you a nutritionist, get you everything you prepared so I, well kind, I rode my bike. Once I bought a really nice bike by rote at once, make sure I knew how to work. The gears I ran on treadmills I, didn't really run in the open road too much and then I just and then I did the swim. I slowly think I did was swimming by. Anyone spend that much because, like I mean technically because I'm my marathon, my triathlon coach, saw me swim once he's like you're a swimmer you'll be fine you're like an elite athlete duh. Can someone please isolate that audio I swear to god, dude. If you came up to I've run a marathon at wrathful and a half marathon at a Spartan, Race and I've been lost for, say: oh this guy [, __, ], psycho I. Don't know what he's he's just a pathological liar: oh no I, wouldn't even believe it yeah, it's all on Instagram. How I did it I have seen it here's what he raised. He is that unbelievable part of me was like heartless. So to finish the triathlon story there were they were. They were like my triathlon coach was like alright we're ballparking it like day up he's like if you can, if you can do the triathlon in an hour of 45 minutes, he's like that's. Why I think your goal should be doing an hour and 45, but then I got out there and I got competitive. I almost died, I got into the swim and I was like in fourth place and I'm, like I'm like yeah and I'm, like what are these guys idiots and then I, and then all of a sudden, this Chinese guy jumped on my back and sunk me and I breathes in water, and then everyone started climbing over over top he's like I'm [, __ ] moshpit, it's got a freakin, a hundred feet of water, four hundred yards from the my back like this for like [ __, ], they're, just selling the zone there. It's a competition they're, not so great. This is there something at stake with. It was trying to get you out of the way yeah no yeah, basically you're in their way, and they just climb all over you is it. Is there a prize, no prize, no rotten sedative just come up additive love for the game, yeah and so I finished I got out of the water in like eight ten minutes, I think eight minutes I don't know because I didn't stop. My watch at the right moment. I stopped to watch smoked after you're near driving. I did but then I got my [ __ ] together. Trust me. There was a moment where almost waved a lifeguard like I, know they're all right there and you could just be like just do a hold on your board for me, why don't you would like, like just stuck just give me the sign they were. There were kids, there were children just sitting on board. You have to be rescued by some child, that's not happening so I got on my back and I BAC battled like back swam for a second and then I flipped over finish the swim in like ten minutes. Eight minutes ten minutes got on the bike and I was like oh I'm, smoking dudes, but then I go to the up hill and they all just pass me. I was like gassed out from falling out of his lock-up Hill dude and I'm, so impressed I can do the triathlon in an hour twenty-one instead of an hour forty-five, and they were like what anyway, the big [ __ ] you're, not let a guy go okay, baseball, but here's the thing. The position catcher left field, yeah monster, hitter I, know I've always by the third, but not like I mean I, guess I was bigger than everyone else. Usually, but ya know yeah I mean got recruited to go to college and then went to Florida State to walk on okay and then went to one practice and was like this is not for me. Look catch bullpens I walked I'm, not even joking. I walked off that field out. The left field fence went straight over to my dorm Sally hall room. One eleven went in Chile Willie Paul Pisa, Chandler Perry were all in the room just getting high. We used to this thing called time-traveling, where we'd black out all the windows play Pink, Floyd and lay on the ground, smoke weed and just time travel and I was like I'm done. Baseball, I'm, gonna party, professionally and I listened to Pink Floyd, just and but here's the thing that I believe right. Casey and I stat, very interesting guy, very polarizing. Sometimes as a fan he could be polarizing. I know you worked with him and you're friends with him, but like yeah I'm a fan of his for years now, yeah um. He said something that just stuck with me like stuck so heavy with me. He was someone was asking him about snapchat and he goes I to snap staff. The way I do everything tell the story, tell a story just to have a beginning middle and an end and I went and it I didn't understand snapchat at the time and I was like, oh okay. So when Instagram stories came out and that was more accessible for me and my fan base I think I went what I'll do is I'll find ways to tell a story. So I'll do a half marathon I'll. Do a Spartan, Race I'll, do a triathlon I'll. Do a marathon I'll go to Paris I'll, go to taking on tour I'm, doing a theater tour, come follow my story and then have a beginning middle and end like you find me and I. That is what how I use Instagram stories, and so someone like a triathlon I, find that fun I mean my interaction was like through the roof that day and then people are like I'm going in and like going into American Airlines to check in for my flight and the girl. The lady took a man's life hey. How was the travel I love your stories? That's a yeah, so I think that is how I use Instagram and then I use the feed part for like that. One big, promo, I shoot- or you know yeah so, but but so I'm, gonna I'm, going to Paris next week, just on a lark, so I was like [ __ ] it a lark yeah. Just like a global adventure. Yeah I was like. We got a special to play, lark and I. Have it's just like you know, win spontaneous I did I had a weekend off and I was like and I was like: I was like I'm, gonna, probably be doing. Press and I was like in New York and then part of me is like you know what I'm just gonna that you're feeling adventurous. No, no and I'll put it on my stories and then people can follow me in Paris and eat my way through Paris and drink my way into the night and then find out where I stay, and you know I was like [ __ ] it. Why not? You know yeah that's going across, not as a rule santa cruz's. It's my favorite place. We we lived there together now. Do you guys turn off your professional life? When you go do this last time we were there, we were shooting a vlog and it's like yeah, it's always kind of like you have busy. With that. That's why I stopped doing mind occupied with like where's that good shot coming yeah. You know, that's why it's good is what I think about Casey nice that is like well, he stopped doing his vlog I was like thank God because he seems like he has a really cool life, but I know that he's not getting to taste it yeah! It's when he's getting in the helicopter he's. Also thinking of his exterior shot is his entry song. This drone shot he's got all the angles: [ __, ] up yeah I mean that we've gone through that and that's why we pretty much stopped making videos on our main channel and really I mean we don't. We haven't posted there in a long time and we just kind of one day we're like. We can't not sustain this anymore. It's too hard. My daughter, you'll, hear my daughter say stuff, like everything, doesn't need to go on Instagram, dad and you're just like yeah, but you well, it's uh. It's about your relationship with it. If you, if it doesn't bother you if you're excited and it's fun for you, that's then that's wholesome and good yeah, but for us and I'm sure for Casey to where it's like. It feels bad and you're aware that it feels bad and you don't want to be doing it. You're, anxious and you're stressed all the time. That's when it's bad, but if you enjoy it yeah. Thank god bless I loved I loved when you guys did that like cochere, or was it called when you switch switch proper, what's called flip flop, when you guys do both do something for each other's channel, o collab cool, we did it, we did it, like part of me, was like I wish. Someone else had a camera I wanted to see that points that you did I want to see what you guys didn't show. You know what I mean like fascinating part. For me, that's what I love about podcasts, it's like yeah, you put your armor down and you just share. Sometimes stuff. You don't like from wiping. You know I know, because those videos are so edited yeah. You know from two hours it could go down to 10 minutes. That's of course, every time yeah and that's the Kurt and that's why I love doing the show live -, because it's like no take-backs dude. You know it's all out there dude it makes it hold you accountable. Here's what I! Also love about a podcast and I've said this. A number of times is that, if you're watching this and listening- and you hear something you're offended by this- is an extension of social media share. What offends you with the person creating it and explain to them? Why and help change their mind as opposed to like tattletaling, like Jeff, said some [ __ ], my legit across the board mm-hmm and my fans, lawyers be like bro that that was like one hour 33 seconds 22 like check what you gotta, really think that it's I know that everyone's laughing in the room, but it's not funny and you're like oh okay, so I mean I've I, dude I was at the beginning of podcasting. When you could go out and say: [, __, ] and ruin friendships didn't even know you were doing it. You were just like like what like. How would that happen me there's this guy there's this comedian all say his name, so I want to like put him on blast, but he kind of like took a story from me and what does that mean like? Like a bit I? He was telling a story and he was a when he was telling the story. He was saying that it happened to me. He was telling one stage name it having a bird happened to play comedy and then one day, Tom Segura, we were all three friends, Tom called me at me as I came in just so. You know he's saying it happen to him now and he never really talked to me about that. He just started doing it and thinking and you guys were close friends. We were pretty close, so that's pretty taboo right, I mean they're. Really taboo. Yeah and I tried to have conversation with them, and it was that a bit you wanted to use. Actually, no, that's what's a problematic about it, but the problem was I. Didn't I almost really didn't want the bit out there yeah, because it was it's a great story, but it's part of me was like you know what the person that's involved in the story. They may not remember that it happened to me. They definitely all know it didn't happen to you, but then, when it comes back to me, he's gonna be like what and I'm gonna look like an [, __ ], so I'd rather, and if I had this to do, decide to tell it I want to tell it on my timeline: I want to be the one to be able to tell it. Yeah I want to meet the guy that it happened with and say again and go hey man. This story happened yeah, and this and it's a great story. I want to tell you the story about I'd like to tell it on stage: I need your blessing, that's how I go about it yeah, but this other guy just started saying it happened to him and then and then I went on Joe's podcasts and was like and Joe just asked me about it, and this is like just probably like seven years ago, eight years ago and I just I just told him like the way we're talking right now and yeah like and do I was unaware of how many people were listening right and all of a sudden, and then it started a huge fight between me and the guy, and then the guy just was like [ __ ] you don my friend and I was like it was just really confusing and I haven't spoke to the guy since yeah yeah yeah, so so that, but the I did that into a couple. People like I would just get drunk on a podcast. That's a be honest: dude! That's the killer! I used to get I used to drink and I pretty much stopped. Just because it's like when you're live. You want to make sure yeah you're, saying what you mean right: yeah, but I see I'm drunk so much that I'm really I'm a bad job. I might flip tables when I'm dry. Remember. That may have been the last time. I drank real. No, no. There were a couple, a couple in between all right: I'm, pretty cool, being drunk and I'm still biting my tongue. If I, if I know it's gonna hurt somebody, but if it's about me or like my thoughts, I'll just share them and then I'll and if I, if they're messed up, then I'll either defend them or a go yeah you're right, I'm, wrong, I'm, totally wrong, [, __, ] up sure you know, but I drink a lot. What did the guy say? What how did he uh? How did he come to terms with having so I stole your bit? He said the last thing he said to me was: you: are a garbage human being piece of [, __ ] and you have no friends and you'll realize in a year that you'll have a I was the only friend you ever had and you have no friends and he's like lose my number I. Don't ever want to speak to you again, you're dead to me, mom I was like and by the way I like it. It was so confusing at the time, because I thought I thought we were okay, like I thought we were gonna figure this out, like I thought we could figure all of this out and everyone was gonna, be fine and he just said that and then deploy at that point. It was better. It was Christmas, Eve and I liked him and I went on a hike up to the mountains, with my daughters and to the Hollywood sign and I got up there and I thought I'm, putting so much energy in trying to fix this when the guy doesn't want to fix it and to be honest with you, I go in and clear conscience. I didn't do anything wrong. Sure like I was like I didn't do anything wrong and I was like I gotta let this go. This is Christmas Eve and I. Let it go that day and I said my wife said to me: let it go right now. Never don't talk to that about this, for there used to be I'll. Tell you there's a funny word. We used to use to about not talking about it. She's like let it go now and just let it go, and you can't be friends with me. You never talk to him again. Just he's out of your life. That's what it is. That's what he wants. That's what you want! That's what you need, then do it and I did just haven't spoken to a minute and that's good advice. That's wise! It's hard to let go. People go out of your life yeah, it's a breakup with a friend and be like hey man, I we're not having fun anymore and comes to a dude. It sounds so weird I've broken up with dudes before my buddy broken up with guys before. Well, there's been one when you know I guess: I don't know. Was there a big breakup, I don't know, lay it on the air. Did I have a big male breakup that I don't remember, yeah my buddy Eddie now I'm really interested we've broken up a number of times and then he's also broken up with my buddy, Chris and and so I. Remember one time going to Atlanta and being like hey Chris, we should all hang out he's like Oh, Eddie and I are on a break, but I am intrigued and I don't want to bring it up, I'm just asking as I'm intrigued, but did he ever come to terms like he understood like? Yes, that was your story and I stole it? Yes, he's kind of he's definitely come to terms with it. Did he ever apologize me like I should have done that, but you shouldn't have done that like we've, never spoken since I, we've weird at a time and shared a manager and we and a friend and that manager tried to negotiate like almost like a getting back together and but I had said. You know when that thing went down: I was like I, can't I, don't I'm done I'm done done and then I grew into like a different man than I am today and I. Don't think I could ever go back to the guy that he knew like I, don't know, but that would even work, but I see him on Twitter and Instagram. So every now and then he seems like he's doing I'll say all I'll say is and I don't know, but he seems like he's doing very well. He seems like he's very happy. I feel like he's gone through a lot, but I feel like he's found. Peace in his life I got some on his entry. I went flip through his Instagram the other day and I was like dude I'm like I'm. Almost happy for him like he seems, like he's, don't know so much of a better place than I ever knew him to be, and so and by the way it's I was gonna. Ask did it affect his career. Does I think a little bit I think a little bit but I think I think that was just part of it. I think some other stuff happened with him where he like I, think just life got chaotic for him for a second and he was so focused on everything else that he didn't have time to focus on his career and then but he's doing fine I mean he's. You know, he's working everyone's working, yeah, I've I've, definitely said and done [ __ ] on this podcast. That has haunted me on to me dude, when, when we did I mean this is real. Like not me, I'll tell I, don't care I'll tell it [ __ ], anything anyone haha the biggest missed the biggest mistake I ever made in my life like and I, and it wasn't a mistake. It wasn't a mistake. It was the right thing to do, but when we did the podcast, where me Ari and Tom decided to do sober October, they asked me how much I drank and I sat there for a second and I thought. I was I. Remember where I was sitting I. Remember how I felt I remember where I looked because they were sitting in a certain way and I looked at Tom, who I knew would be the most empathetic I thought I thought if you lie you're always gonna be lying. Just tell the truth and I told him how many TT toes and so does I have in a day and I looked - Tom knowing Joe wasn't in, like, like the answer and Tom looked at me like how much I got a knight like you, gonna bring one on stage. You have another one and a couple more after that and then like I, whatever the answer, I, don't even know what the answer is anymore. I don't know right, but it was like it was a lot. It was a lot yeah and I. Remember Tom's, like body energy changed and he was like wait. Hold on and I went in bed that night I got in bed that night and I was like bro. You should have never shown them. The man behind the curtain like I was like. Why would you ever be honest, since that day have did? Was that? Did you know that people were gonna react that way like sup I didn't? Did you think that was somewhat normal amount to be drinking it it just it just got there? Have you scaled back snow yeah? We did sub rocktober right, I didn't drink for a month and then I went on a tear in November and obviously but then what happened is I started, getting ready for my special, so I shot it in February and then I was like the biggest. This is gonna sound, so [, __ ] silly. The biggest thing I learned in in after sober October was that I can go to sleep. Sober like I. Don't need like put myself to sleep. I could just go lay in a bed and go this will happen here. We go there. We go you had this. Every night I had to have a drink, I'd have a drink to go to. Bed I die like that. It was the way I wrapped up my night, all right guys. Let's have dinner honey, went open, a bottle wine sure bottle of wine split a bottle of wine. She'd have a glass I'd finish. The rest and then I'm making cocktails sit down. Watch TV make another cocktail. She go to bed, one more cocktail: [ __ ] its cigar on a one-hitter outside like that just and Evers every I was every night and then do you ever concern that you were growing an addiction. No I was way past that, like her wasn't worried about the idea I was like. I was like we are where we are. This is what I do for a living. This is who I am a fly I party, but then you quit cold-turkey for a whole month, yeah well yeah and everyone was like you're gonna have a stroke. I was like it's dangerous. If you're addicted no book, I wasn't addicted, apparently yeah. If you do it, but you got to do it, I mean I'm, not look. I mean I've, seen, documentaries of alcohol addicts. It's a special kind like these guys drink, yeah, whole bottles. It's very do more than that once again, I'm, not a doctor. So anyone listening do not listen to what I'm telling you just because it worked for me. Do not you have a freak body that you don't run triathlons and drink today? What happened is so we did so by October and also shoenice you're. Like a successful shoe nice. You don't know. That means no I. Do like you have an incredible body you endure yeah. Can you achieve yeah despite your efforts to just destroy your own body? I. Take that as a compliment but yeah I didn't I didn't I just quit drinking, and then there was no like I felt no withdrawals, I felt no really bounce back. I just was like I, don't know, Apple your blood and like I, don't know like need to drink. I just was like I was like, was it cool and then, when I started, drinking I only started because we were no Orleans and I was with Arie he's like let's get [ __ ] drunk, you know where I was like cool and we've got a buzz again and and I drank a little bit, but then in November I just got the offer or like end of October I got the offer for Netflix and I was like okay. Now I gotta get to work and so I just scaled back. My drinking to like you know if I wanted to party I could party but I had to focus on the special right didn't drink, leading up to the special did. A special and the LA Marathon was around the corner, didn't drink, going into that and then and then like partied. You know, but then was like oh triathlons coming up, not drinking like I'm, not drinking right now, but but but that's what's scary is I. Don't like want to tell people like I'm, not drinking like that's, not me, I drink if I want to drink like if I wanted to drink like tonight, I'm taking a car service down to Irvine and taking it back and in my head I'm like alright shut drink tonight, I don't have to drive. I was like I got two shows I, wouldn't mind a cocktail on like a late show when I start the machine story, and then I was like maybe I'll text my friend and see if we go for a bike ride tomorrow. If we go for a bike, ride, I won't drink. I'm definitely doing it Saturday night cuz like we're taking a party bus down to Irvine. All our friends are on it and I'm gonna I'm gonna party on that I'm gonna party. Back we're doing a screening of my special at my friend's house got a big screening. Room going party is fun I'm doing only Monday, so I won't party like I'll, probably scale back early Monday night, but I'm, but I got on a red-eye to New York I'm partying I, just look at where they drink and I go all right. We got an okay good, I wish I wish I enjoyed I wish I enjoyed drinking I, really do okay, don't work, I, don't enjoy weed either yeah, you see people smoking and they seem to enjoy it so much and when I smoke, all that happens to me they say they know it happy hungry. Sleepy, that's all happens. What happens to me? It [ __, ] paranoid, yeah, depressed blood, necessar panic attack, II, oh, and it always makes people together too, and then people will be like your best friend we talked together and and when you say no, it's like such a disappointment and don't ya, alright, hey you want to blaze my best friend right. It would be great if they had fake weed. You just did it. You know grow anything, but you had that moment of connection like I, like I, like a nice one-hitter of stuff that I've green lit like where I go to my own dispensary and I go here's. What I'm looking for I like that, but I only like one hit and then what I do now I'm, probably more of is I'll, take I'll, have a drink and then I'll take a one-hitter and then I'm good, like I, can really sell one Oh you mix and match no just just one hit of weeds yeah. That is what I enjoyed the most. When I'm John takes the edge off, you see, I, don't get it and all the reason it's collar bowls, because you're just so drunk that you can't even oh yeah I even edibles. In my mancave one time I there were a little goldfish right. So I'm sitting there I'm hanging out I'm drinking and I was like [ __ ]. It I'm, not I'm, not mining. That buzzed I was like I got these edibles. You know what I'm gonna watch a cool movie and I eat the edibles I'm, barely shrinking I'm, like they're gonna, put me to sleep and all of a sudden I feel my butthole meld into the couch and I'm like okay something's, going on call my sisters I go hey! How many of those goldfish should I have had they're like one can I go handful Oh buckle up big boy and I, don't work. I was like I was like whiskey, you got a beat up. I wish I could do that. Oh, not good late, I love in bed, not forgetting how to breathe the joy of smoking, weed I, don't chase I wish that I had something to wash I feel like it on body hobbies like I, don't enjoy drugs. Now, what being depressed is? That's what I want herself I say: I, don't enjoy anything am I depressed and the answer is probably yes dude. Yes, you idiot you've been depressed, see it's different. She worked out or bad by the way. This is super meta, but we're battling with something our parents never had to battle. Our parents never got to follow their dreams. So when they had a job at an insurance company or my dad was a lawyer, he then got off. Work was like I hate that now I'm gonna do what I love see. I only do what I love so like I, so like I'm, like I, had my therapist was like you need a hobby. I said: I have a hobby of shooting a vlog and he does that's not a hobby. Yes, I will no editing. Videos is the ha because no I go. Writing jokes he's like that's. Not right I was like I'm like making likes. Writing scripts is like no do nothing. Work-Related, yeah and so I took up leather working, but making leather like I'm, sick, but wallets and stuff, and then in the middle of doing I'm like I could sell. These are my show, but you know when I had a desk job for five years before we really successful here in Israel, yeah, five [ __ ] years like marketing and like I had the week the work week, sucked I [ __ ] hated every second of it when you those weekends on those night homes, you see I'm closing my eyes, cuz I'm, cherishing it so much worse. Bliss bliss, dude I said to someone, and this is it by the way. This is hashtag. First world problems, I said to someone. I would love to have a job where I built and then I could just leave my work there. Until I bet, you would love to build. Fences come home and be like who was swimming and pull out. Instagram be like we're getting in the pool. I got two shows in Irvine, I. Think it's like 30 love at the valachia like I would love to do that. But yeah. Then you go that guy building fences, yeah he's like dude I got a podcast. It's a pot. It's a passion project. It's my hobby and you're like oh, that's my job, it's I, remember what I remember is those great weekends, but but what I forget so easily is sitting eight hours so lessly and feeling the minutes of your life take away down the drain. Your finite energy, your creative energy, the essence of who you are going down the drain. Every [, __ ] minute I just sit there and I go I am wasting. Want me to bring something original I'm. Just gonna. Do you know I feel like dude. I cannot like I, wouldn't mind doing a multicam where it's like Bert walks in they're like and they're like dad's home, and you hear the whole studio Hans, but I couldn't I, okay, I, don't think I could be. You have long days on set because I've never been on set like to that degree. You just sit there. Like you just sit, there sit there, I mean I, guess like if you're someone creative, like Dave's, probably probably write a script, but like you multitask you multitask, I, guess: I, don't multitask I, just browse Twitter and I'm like I'm, like dude HEIs, bothering you from did Twitter because my eyes, like I, you know when I have morning. We just literally said that right now, yeah, like - by the way, does that bother you because I [ __ ] hate that I do that, like I'll, wake up at 8:00 and I'll get outta bed at 10:00 and I'm like what is wrong with you are sick, bro an hour I hate I, give it an hour the other day, my wife cuz. You did that for an hour yeah and the worst part is like after 10 minutes, you've seen everything everything and then and by the way I, would love to switch phones and see what your discovery page looks like because mine is I say no, no I, don't think you have thanked votes and guys hitting golf balls well here. Let me show you here: let's godiscover I just have a trench for you, oh good, on the cane, you don't see a John McCain, no I, see two hundred thousand tweets I see a woman on a motorcycle I'm bobber. Where are you an Instagram or Twitter Instagram Oh No instagrams, weird man? They they they get weird, definitely based on what kind of embarrassed to show you anything with a cop. Getting this is a cop getting hit by a car. I watch a lot of meat like I'm obsessed with these Turkish chefs. They like cook, crazy meat and like barbecue, [, __, ], really in the barbecuing and cooking and there's like all these Turkish meat, guys dude I have golfers all over my page, I, don't even really golf like Ivan I mean I. Can golf I golf but like I'm not go for like I said it's. Some of those like I said when we were talking about doing promo for the special I was like I'm gonna. Do a golf, video and they're like why I don't know they seem to be all over the place. Golf is so popular right now. Boats, I get a lot of boats like just dudes and boats. I got the shoot, the the faster land challenge after them, yeah like it's, it's I think it's just a black Instagram doing it, but they go man. All these [ __ ] be like it's a it's a shot of the ground like this like this is the ground. This is the phone, the phones on the ground right, you don't see the person's face. You see their foot stepping a shot and then they start tying their shoes. Like man, all these [ __ ], head they'd be faster than me ain't. Nobody passes the mission and they're tying their shoe and as soon as their shoes tires are like back and they take off running away from the camera. That's typing running check, I'm, not in the program here the know I'm all over black Instagram I. Look, that's my I think I might just be black, employ. What is it fall running challenge? I am NOT. Oh, this is from 2016 no they're brand new I. Think it's running running man nope! Well, don't let me see if I can running challenge Instagram. This is niche man you're in deep on this [ __ ] I met Jesus and Miro through black Twitter. Is that another app that no? This is running challenge challenge they're all running challenge, all right? Well, I care! Oh, you know what you know. What let me go on, instagram itself, look: Takashi 6:9 did one of them. Oh I, think Takashi, six nine might have started it. Oh [, __, ], I, don't know how to Bret I I, don't know how to watch it. So everyone could hear you in goddamnit. So don't make me back so back on the way back in the day, deism arrow were all about black Twitter right and I love. Black Twitter like it was my favorite and they'd, have like the one that I got involved with was v-day gifts for the hood hashtag and it was all I thought I mean like I'm, not I'm, not saying I'm progressive, I'm, just a regular dude but like I, found it to be a tad bit like almost a little racist cuz. They were just. It was like the worst things about the hood. They were saying that's what you should get for your girl for Valentine's Day they're, like how about a mattress, how buy it behind the hood cuz she can jump on it like I was like huh they're like get her a click-clack. You know she needs one. She got seven but get her not a baby like those were all the things and I was like, and so then, as a joke, I went on and I wrote, bigots through the hood and I was like anything Dungeons and Dragons son, and this guy these guys were like no man the same for you and I was like what well they're like we don't play. Dungeons and Dragons, like they thought. I was being serious and I was like: okay, okay, I just write in the same hashtag I'm replying to all of them, my god, okay, I'm, sorry, I go how about a classy pen and they're like no brah, we don't. We don't [ __ ] with classy pens and they're like and they're like everyone's coming at me, and then I was like alright how about a bottle of champagne but spray it all over. Like a ho and they're, like that's more like it like and I got, we got some running challenge. Yeah we got it here, we go good. Can you do that under your profile? Come on this I gotta tell you. Windows has been [ __ ] me for so long with this internet explorer [ __ ], like you know, nobody wants to use a [ __ ] I have adblock installed, I'm doing a live, show for a reason: I don't want pop-ups, while I'm doing a live, show. I have sponsors for Christ's sake, there's like good money for those sponsorships and now I've got curiosity stream, plus Sprint getting free advertisement, I, don't think so. So we just go away. I closed it now, I gotta, open it on Chrome on a separate menu, but I feel like I've changed it so many times to preference chrome instead of Internet Explorer I was at the airport the day Joshi 6:9 got jumped like you got no fight at the. He had an alibi, I guess he did this video and then people are now copying that video that's running I ologist started as Takashi 6-9, though he's goofing around he's a funny. Guy he's trolling, that's a lot I hate when people like underestimate me like how fast I am before one video like that was one video like fast they're, saying, slow or some [ __ ] and fastest [ __, ], yeah yeah he's got 6/9 at all that tattooed all over him. That's dedication, man yeah, making it work. There's only one way to do it. This way I saw him, got beat. He got beat up at the airport and then they're not beat up by I mean he got beat up but and then I was in line behind them in security. Oh you were there. Oh I was there I guess some Crips I was like relate, was gang-related no Bloods, maybe I guess he has people Bloods um. He I have a joke inside my head. He should have called himself sickle-cell he's, got beef with blood, really good beep of blood, and so they were at the airport and they followed him to the airport, I guess and then they got out and I started talking trash, and then they two guys fought his whole posse like em and I I, don't know if he got beat up I can't remember if he got beat up, but they didn't win, and so it sounds like they were outmatched. Well, his posse had like six dudes with them and all of the plans was to come and they didn't get. They didn't lose I'll. Just say that and so then the cops come and I'm checking I'm, curb checking a bag and I'm watching all this and then like the end, TMZ's there and I'm like and on TMZ, comes back and I'm like who is he and he's like Takashi, six? Nine. So then I go to the clear thing and I go: hey who's, the rapper and they're like Takashi, six, nine and then one of the girls goes he's got an album coming out. That's why he's fighting I was like really and then I was like TMC was there. Tmz was already there before is promoting. Why would he get his ass kicked by two guys? I think he was just like it gonna twisted that better yeah I, don't know I, think he's just from I. Don't know I don't know anyway, I like they some I had friends, go, don't even talk about him like don't even bring his name up. Cuz though yeah people will kill the Mexican Mafia kill you whoa, yeah and I was like bro I, always just dude. There's a are you including me in this [ __ ] now I was just when your well. Let's follow them to the airport. I was like tell me how to make that not happen to me just mentioning his name. Without my Bloods telling me there is some black guys dressed in red, calling me a serger skycap, but yet and then, but then I watched like that was the beginning of me finding out who he was and then he's been like everywhere ever since I've seen him everywhere. He just did a video with nickimja Nicki Minaj Wow Omega Manoj been getting out lately. She did this she's been kind of Cologne. She kinda have collabs with a you know. With a lot of people. Did you hear a diss track about the guys she [ __ ]? So was that what you're saying that she [ __, ], Drake, yeah and all those guys, all of them and I loved it, but she hated it, but I think she I think it's I! Think it's a joke like she tried to [ __ ] 50 for a powerful hour, but all he wanted to do is talk power for hours like it's a diss track of like I, like all the guys that if she did have sex on this Sunday I'd have sex I loved the one she did about Odell Beckham. She was like something about I wanted to have sex with Odell Beckham, but then I found. What is it? I didn't mean to stop you in your tracks. Oh, this is so much better than paul Blart. You know paul blart, mall, cop I. Do this guy's an actual mall cop, his name's Paul flirt, and he what he does is he takes a video of himself farting every day on the job you want to start from the Genesis or you want to start somewhere in the middle I would like to go to the one with the most comments. Just let's scroll through 503 yeah Paul Florida's born he was actually fired dramatically. There was no video where they found his account. They're like dude you're fired, and he filmed the whole thing. I should probably know. Can you find that um in this is this is a hot new thing? This is a hot new thing: Paul FLARP and Paul Fleur he's he worked. He wrote we are off we're off, not an just no I thought. It said. Oh my god, oh my god does that have 74,000 wow. That was always why don't? They show the view. Cuz they're, all videos, I'm curious, how many people are watching these? Are you percent real mile high person at a time, Paul 14 thousand views I liked it. Somehow one of these is somehow more watchable and another one like this. One went viral, but this one didn't get done. The composition was really the guy liked. To tell me: do you know Bob memory? Uh? Oh, wait. You don't know Bob Metairie uh-huh. Is that Instagram thing? Oh, my god, he makes me laugh so [ __ ] hard, Instagram comedy this is the grand Instagram and he's where's. This oh I'll, hang on tell me that I'll text you the number of the for him to watch. He does he just comments on. He does commentary over sporting events, but it's no Dan I opened discord. I clicked this horn doesn't open I want to show you guys this video of him getting fired I. Would you want to watch that Paul bought yeah, find me that one this? Is it job? Oh, my god. This is a costume. Oh there's, a real human being, no that's a real being. Those were real farts on the job and now he's being fired. Oh my no hall floor. This is his job to his viral fame. Is the title of this video of what she up? He titled this video paul floor uses his job due to a viral fame. Oh my god, I wish I had the balls to put that as a headline here he said before you complain about vertical video. I was live on Instagram with his hat and they only support vertical to the best of my knowledge, hashtag Paul flirt hashtag fart. By the way now I have to fart Florida ahead, it alike yeah. You could yeah go ahead, I mean I, don't but I'll just say like watching like and you don't wear underwear. Do you right? Oh do you need to use the bathroom nope? Okay, not anymore, not anymore, so this is Paul flirting its Donna, not much! Listen! We need to talk man yeah, there's a bunch of pissed-off people here, okay, okay, what are you doing? I'm Gordon? Why are you recording lark? Yes, sir? No you're, not gonna record me we're in that uniform I. Don't you've set home, recording they said. Okay, you could turn it off. Okay! Well, so you're firing me anyway right. Yes, if you're gonna fire me I'm done okay, so I can just walk out of here right now and then, if that's it I mean if you guys are gonna fire me like what's well, you do realize that you're on a client's property, yeah wearing Adi, Adi Adi, you get the idea, no, no, no getting fired. The guy tell him to turn his camera off. He's like no. If you're firing me I'm not running like mine, wait, I'm fired right, all right, I, just tweeted the one video from Bob mentary on my Twitter page. So if you go to talk about pull it up, I just this is a really this one thing way of have no need to open a video I'm saying it. Let me go to your Twitter. Okay like it's, you okay go down, and it's that right there. That's funny! I, love that okay, you got that we shall we share. This is the way he'd comment. So it's is imagine if this was the sports commentator for this okay, and this is not politically incorrect, so you get triggered just hang up, it's Bob's fault! Well, Peter! Let's call a spade a spade: these guys hate each other [Applause]. What's my name, your name, my name, he does he's you someone you can scroll through his Instagram and they're, not all about what a Bob Bob man and they're just funny like he's. It makes me I love it I love these guys just out there making comedy yeah and it's like it's hit or miss yeah. It's hard followers right and button. Normally everything he puts out just makes me giggle, but the best is I'll be flipping through them and I'll be laying in bed listening to him, and also my wife will come at me, like yo Georgia had an overnight and he's [ __ ] yelling at the top of his lungs put your [ __ ] phone. So tell me about secret time on Netflix yeah right now, streamable go, everybody has Netflix, everyone does pretty much. How about got it on my phone yeah, that's a good pose artist thing in the world is that my die said to my daughters. Don't watch nefeli. She was down people watch Netflix on the ride to school on the bus. I know I'm, like oh, my god, so I'm gonna. Be me on the front page and be like. Is this your dad click? My wife looks like Elvis was just an orgasm, but yeah it was great man shot in Philadelphia at the Trocadero. Did six shows tape. Two and first show was mediocre when that great and then later yeah yeah. Why show me euchre? It was raining that night and are the the generator went out, and so we didn't have electricity for an hour and a half, so the the first show had to wait in the rain for an hour and a half and lose their buzz, and then we brought them in sat them. They're, wet they're unhappy and and it's Philly I don't give a [ __ ]. If you record your special [ __ ] soaking wet go ahead. My girl's hair is all [ __ ] up, and so then first show was not the best it was. Okay was like an 80 out of a hundred, but when you shoot an especially one, a hundred yeah, so I went upstairs and I sat with my buddy Tony and we had a coffee and I. He left and I was like I've always said, I'd like to be under pressure. I love, I, love, things live, I love, the pressure of things. I was like trying to prove it, and I went out and literally had the best set of my life. One of the best sets of my life really beginning to end I mean to the point where I screwed around and I added some [, __ ] and then I was just like I keep it in my eyes, and it was the best out of my life and it went live last night and I was looking like on Twitter. You know you kind of gingerly look and see like [, __ ]. What's something bad, everything's been good, so you're, just like all right, cool, I'm, good yeah, just let it sit out there live out there. People can watch it and enjoy it. If you don't like it, I think people are at this point that they don't like it so I'm gonna take the time to go and hate it online. So I probably won't see that. Hopefully it's been a good response and people like you guys have liked it. We love it Joe liked it I mean, listen, we're! We were like dying, no, not to blow smoke up your ass, but come on you're you're, one of the top guys there's nobody. That's gonna turn that on be like this guys: [ __, ], suck up class dude, you're killin. It's been it's but I'm, very happy with it and I think the real struggle is to make sure you have a new hour so that when you're touring now people come out to see you and they see on aterial and so I got a new 52 minutes, so I'm cool. So how long does it take you to prep like a full hour, like that? You know from for right now from Febby worried until now, so thick violence, yeah boss, seems months to write a new hour, and so you spent how many just sound great it's. It's not perfect, but it's a new hour that I can stand and talk, and then, from this six months till the next six months, it'll get tighter and I'll. Add some new bits. I'll find some new transitions and I'll make things stronger and then and then you are you talking about your show that you think I got the stand up. Show me out on the road right now, the one I'm doing tonight, nerve, I'm, still evolving and so you're still evolving this one. But it's good it's an hour of like new material. If you [ __ ] around a little bit on stage, you have fun in a moment: little crowd work, it's a ghost and so I can I can cheat it for an hour but and then and then at the end I to ask whatever stories people want to hear and they always know the Machine. A little machine flying dildos are the ones and the next six months it gets better, and then you should get an offer within three months after that. To do another special, like 18 months, is the the period of that's the life, the difference between specials it should be, and so how is there a process so by the time you're doing the Netflix, especially you've already done this show tons of time? Yes, so there's no rehearsing you're, like I, know this. So what happens is like you, I did my one special when I gave it to you and then I wrote my new hour yeah and then I worked. It and I knew what I liked and knew I had my one big piece that I loved was the ziplining story, so that was like the center, so I wanted to work and the way Netflix works is people only watch, 32 hours, 32 minutes and after they say you know so, I wanted to put that in the middle, so that if you were gonna only watch 32 minute yen, that's a medium bit. It's like a really great bit yeah so that you go well [ __ ], how much in the rest right so I wanted to tentpole around that and so I think I did properly. But but what happened is by the time I got the offer in like octa end of October middle of October. Maybe I got the offer. I then said it's [ __ ] on like I was like I'm taping it in February the end of February and D in Philly. I did a hundred and fifty shows with that. Our specifically well like just you'd go out on on Tuesday. Do two shows Tuesday two shows Wednesday in different cities then go a weekend. Two shows Thursday two shows Friday to show Saturday right and I. Did that cuz? You want to take that hour and you want to make it tight. You record it. You watch it. You find out where the loose parts are with them. We can just see lazy writing. Then you find a joke there. So you've taped it and watched it back like watching like a baseball replay or some [ __ ]. Yes, some what it is is like, so you look at the whole hour and then you go okay. This fits working this bits working in this Brits working. What's not working, then you find the one. That's not working, and you really focus on that punch. It up make sure it's got an ending, a middle, a beginning like, but make sure that it's rich it and then how do you still know what's working if they used like you, watch yourself and you're. You've done it so many times like do you still know what's funny yeah I think so when we have to edit our own videos, we'll watch it so many times that we just feel like. We don't even know anymore I. Think the difference is he's got an audience. Oh [, __ ], but it's like the small, maybe so like, like there's really small things that will sell a bit and you don't know why it worked, and so you have to go back and watch the tape and go. Oh I did something different in that we're done, and then you go okay. That's now, then, then, you're like alright. That's in the bit, does it ever happen? Where that you get laughter but you're like that's, not funny, yep huh, that's an interesting thing. All right! Just keep it in your bucket. They, like it, there's a joke. I just thought in this, but something any special. The joke is is it's. It was just it's a throwaway joke, that's kind of cheap, a little bit a little hacky, but but I thought it's fun. Joke I, almost put it in this special and the joke was you know and I think's really racist. They don't make black baby powder like they just make white stuff like they should make okay and then, and then I say to a white guy like you, don't even get it like when you get a rash, and this is the line coming up. I'll go like this. When the line that doesn't make sense to get to laugh, I go, you get a rash and you put it on and it just blends in, but when he gets rash on a point to a black guy I go he's, got a ghost ride the whip. It makes no [ __ ] sense, but it just a silly line. No one should laugh. It's not right and I. Don't know. I love lines like that more the wording doesn't even make sense of you are like it's fine, yes, so that's fine, like I I, had another joke about black dick some in the same joke. I was like you think black is a slimming color, but is that the white one should look big like a like a lighthouse in the fog or a flashlight in a haunted house, and they go. Who are you kids doing in here and everyone's like? No, that's not how a flashlight in the haunted house works. What are you kids doing in here and I was like ooh B do but yeah if it works, it works like you can't explain. You can try to find what makes people laugh. You just know it works. The lifecycle. Is you work it? You work it into this. You really refine it like in the most final way possible technical way possible, and you just hope that Netflix is like all right. We want it now or do you kind of know that they're gonna buy it at the wall at the end of the lifecycle? No, we so well I think there's two ways to go about it. One the situation I was in is I. Had the our I told my agents, I got the our I'm ready to do it. I've recorded it I paid for a company to come in and record it for me, but first professionally, but not profession. Yeah like someone like or like the Canon 7g jo7, whatever 70s like they shot, it looked pretty I. Had it and I said: I got it to show to them, and then they were like they were like. No we're good, we'll take it. We don't need to see it cited by it. We trust that you can deliver, and so then, but I'd already had a place. I've already dropped both to the truck to do shows I knew I was gonna, shoot my special there, but then I get the offer from Netflix, and then you go okay. Now I can pay for it. The other way- and this is the more interesting way and I won't I I- won't say anyone's name only cuz I, don't know it's not looked down upon at all a lot of guys. Do it where they pay for it out of pocket. They pay for this special out of pocket, they shoot it and then they sell it to Netflix and make tons of money like I'll, say a name of someone who's like the perfect example. Jo koy went to netflix and they were like I, don't know if they were like, didn't give him the number he liked or whatever and jokeboys got money. He does really always done well, he's got a restaurant. Vegas joke was like don't worry, I got it shot his own special, like a [, __, ], Stadium I. Think it's like a huge theater, then edits. It gives it a Netflix, because what do you think and they're like? Oh, we want it and he was like I'll. Tell you the price now. So then jo koy sells it for like a ton of money. I was in the it's different, but some people do that on a lower scale mm-hm, but with some people like Joe who got the money they make it legit a deliverable like we're, Netflix wants it. I was lucky enough that Netflix wanted to do mine out of pocket I've their own pocket, and so that's how I got mine alright, but even still you're on the list of like all the big comics they have coming out yeah, where how important you're gonna be on that list, you got to hope that they watch it yeah and they like it right and oh you're, your pre. That is this. Your first special that was on Netflix yeah, that's one and then, and then they liked it so much. They bought my second my earlier special, then the machine there was no time you're like you want to buy that and I owned it. We will put that on to do this. Will air for like three months and then that for like yeah and then they'll be on for like four years I think so the machine is on Netflix right now and it should be on it. Well, it'll be on after this airs for a little bit. Okay, they want this to. You, know kind of get established a fan base and then, when they put the other one on, do you benefit when people watch it or day? Is it just straight licensing deal Oh straight they own it I, don't even I, don't think I, don't think any benefits, just from know their rating and like if they see that it does really well yeah I think I get the right they own it for like four, maybe four I don't know that I buy them. I don't know the answer this so, but I think I owned it for like four years and then the end of four years they can either. You know, give me like a real I mean real small. It's a benefit to have it on Netflix as a favor. Have it in your pocket. Yeah like I, think Tom's. First, special, when it ran out in four years and I'm sure they were like you could have a back and Tom was like or you can just keep it. You know some guys like Bill burr like now, I'll take my library back and I'll own everything and then, when he dies everyone's like wait. How do we get that bill? Bird thanks, yeah? You know, but yep, so low life, insurance policy, I guess go burn but worried about it were. Where would he have made his fortune just from selling stand-up? Oh dude, he's really well he's tell huge so he's playing in New York at like like one of the huge venues he plays like Stadium. He has one of the coolest stories. He went into Boston and they were like hey. We want a bookie at the Wilburn he's like great Wilber's, it's 1,200 people and they're like great and he's like cool. You want to do well put a show on Salem, we'll see if we can add a show and he's like all right. So then they put the show on sale. It sells out like five minutes. Five, like okay, you want to add a show and he was like yeah and they're, like you know, I sold off so quickly. Maybe do you want to add a Sunday show as well and he's like yeah, so they put this, they hold. The Sunday show they put second show on sale on Saturday that sells out. In my they put the show on Sunday sells out. Add another show sells out, he sold out. 19 shows he was there for like two weeks and and he was at home if you like stand at his parents house, and that is that is like buy your house in cash. Money like that is oh yeah. You got a bill on your podcast and oh, let me organize that. Let me make that happen. We listen to his podcast like Rick and he's and Bill right now is like in you know the conversation we outside bill. One side that conversation with you, your brain is like because I well, I, guess I won't I I, don't know how much I want to say on the air about what we were talking about: yeah but I. When I listen to his [ __ ], now nobody knows anything. What we're talking about I'm like not even doing the show, but when I listen to his agent, know I'm very him on on everything he does in that realm. Dude I list we have some food Bentley he's everyone's like what the [ __ ] are they talking about, but everyone gets different. Compliments right like so so Segura's compliment he always gets like sugar is not approachable like no one says hi to him. Oh, he looks like surly bear like whenever I'm with seguro people are like, you want to do things so go like oh [, __, ], the machine and I'm like what's up? Oh my god, can you picture with your shirt off and like of course, of course, so I think my shirt. How many days baby with your shirt off today, four times, oh yeah and so and then then, inevitably they'll go like hi Tom and then they'll just walk away. Dude we're eating lunch. One time we're sitting at a table, eating lunch and this guy's that next to us all sudden he goes holy. [ __ ] he's like Burt, oh my god, the machine I can't believe, like he's like you're eating lunch. What Tom's a girl like I'm, like a fan of both you guys ago, thanks so much longest, Amen we're try to eat lunch, come on loves! You he's, like you, want to eat lunch. Talk to this girl day and I'm like oh, my I love that so bill bill gets this. What bill guessed right, so I get like dude. Take your shirt off want to get a shot. Yeah people look at suger and they're like legit. One fan said to him on I'm, not even joking on Instagram said: hey Tom I saw you in the airport and I nodded and I apologize. I didn't want to intrude interview in a like get your space yeah, but I am a big fan and Tom's like thank you he's a nice guy. You see him. You say: oh hey, bill gets bill, gets guys who literally walk up like hands folded like like they're meeting and they're, like sir you're, the greatest thinker of our generation. Thank you. Thank you very much respect. Yeah yeah I got father's back his brain is his brain works like well. That's when I listen to his podcast, it's like he's doing on material, but he's just talking about his day and I'm. Just like how the [ __ ]. Is this so funny dude he's just talking about his day and he's like yeah doing a plant like I'm. Like did he write? This is a nun's or epic. His close latest Conan was yeah, someone wrote back, I, know Bill guy I got bill, I like was harassing him and we got him to use Instagram right, so he starts using Instagram by the way. It's like your dad using Instagram. He's like this is the sandwich I'm having for lunch right and so Instagram use like great Conan tonight, I wore this shirt and now it's in the rotation. We got a lucky shirt and I was like okay. If Bill burr thinks he's got a lucky shirt, that must be a murderous, Conan yeah he's on YouTube the clip you don't have the whole damn thing: oh yeah, I'm gonna watch it tonight, I'm gonna, when I go down to the we've done the long one, really, how long I mean it's over two hours, it's ready by the first one we did was three hours. Dude went even to today. It's probably still one of the longest ones were real I. Think the the longest one we've done was like the chair. Do you one, though we were drinking really yeah? That was, though, that was a drinking one, but he drinks Bud Light. So, oh, so it's like water, yeah yeah, not like cigarettes. It was really hey. What's going on with the Logan Paul JP at ksi fight, I'm man, you gonna, pay per view: it no I'm working I'm, just I'm working and it's Ellison, yeah you're gonna have this Sunday. You have to can't see your show yeah guys. Porque si I thought it was psi. Oh wow yeah, it's kind of a cool boxing. This Logan Paul, really I, think he's I. Think he's got some whatever ones he's got, I think ksi really because he has experience and I think he takes more seriously. I, don't Logan Paul, hello, Paul doesn't have experience doing [ __ ] ksi has had one boxing match that he won he's been training, he's very serious cuz. He make youtube video, logon, Paul's being cute he's making YouTube videos. Ksi is [, __ ] grinding. Do you know they're gonna do one in LA they're gonna do another one yeah we're gonna, send us a rematch, no, no yeah, it's a rematch, so we're gonna send like Joey salads out [Laughter] people. Don't like that friends with him, but I'm like listen, he's a solid head. Lovable, you might be. You might have put his dick in a hot dog bun. Oh, that's so great I think I think we'll case Logan Paul is bigger and heavier apparently I mean that counts for a lot of law, a lot yeah, but ultimately I'm pretty sure it's gonna be boring and go the whole distance and be you know, determined by Joe, be boring because they're not monitors. What did they know? They're gonna go in and do this stuff that, like like, they learn like jab jab jab jab punch, jab jab. If they went in like one of those like we used to do ox brawl in college. Where was just frat boys with no training just going in magravs and they were just throwing haymakers just after 45 seconds, you know in shape, but I think they're, just not they're, not professional fighters. What can you expect yeah? Well, you figure. If they're training, they may be I've got a little bit Ellis manias this week, jason Ellis has a show on Sirius XM and two of my friends are fighting Ryan, O'neal and Lewis J Gomez, but they're doing MMA, they're doing jiu-jitsu and I mean, and so that's the one that I'm really interested in, because Lewis J Gomez, like they're, both comedians, but he like left the comedy long to end, was like oh I'm, gonna fire, I'm, gonna, [, __, ], kill him and like in Ryan, O'neal's like hey, it's gonna be fun right. Where did the fight come from from a rivalry or what is it? I think our ISA fear is friends with both of them and yeah started. It he's like oh you'd, knock you out, Louis, oh wow, and then Louis is Puerto Rican and he's like oh [, __ ], his nicknames a Puerto, Rican rattlesnake he's like and he's, and that's this week - this week, -! Well, it's a big week engine over this week, I know tell me about it: I can't wait, I can't wait. The best thing about Netflix is I. Don't care like give. My special aired on Saturday I'd, be like [ __, ] I'm, losing all these viewers they're, never gonna, see it again, but on Netflix are like dude, go watch all this [ __ ], and this son two o'clock in the afternoon when you're hungover make of it yourself a mimosa and watch my special. It's the best thing about Netflix in Israel, now really yeah. We waited so long in Israel yeah, the minute we left Oh Netflix in Israel I watched this guy I watched this guy on Netflix I, don't know his name he's Korean he's got white hair right. He doesn't speak English, but he does stand-up and I watched like 15 minutes of his special just mouth open, like more of that, I want straight-up, Palestinian comics like doing horrible, racist, Jewish, jokes, Oh, Jewish people doing like, but it's like in their own and but at Netflix to air, all of it Somali pirates who do stand-up, Lorelai you're, like hey. How weird is it boarding a cruise ship guy's got shredders, so [ __ ] cute. Look at this I was about to say something: I got stopped dead in my tracks, his eyes about the clothes he can jump. - yeah he's quick, he's nimble, so we got it. We got a plan. We got a plan dinner with me who Tom and push my wife love love it we should do. We got to get bill burr on here, yeah of it, and if it makes build more comfortable, we can do to me I'm bill Barnes to make sure that bill doesn't feel like it's gonna, be like he like, builds biggest fears. He's gonna get like some he's. Gonna go in it'll, be some feminist blog. So can let me be funny and he's like what but people just think like I, don't say: yeah [, __, ] fear, whatever one that now bills go way to put words in my [ __ ] mouth, but yeah. Listen, guys secret time. Okay, if you want to watch a comedian one of the best now living alive, the funniest people in the country right now, Bert Kreischer secret times on Netflix, you have Netflix, the podcast is pretty much over. So you are, you have my permission to close this now at this point, open Netflix, you can put on secret time. You're guaranteed gonna have a right yeah one hour, you're gonna love. It I'll tell you what else it's really so good and when you're done with that Bert cast oh yeah, the podcast yeah love to it. Okay, let's organize love you're a website by the way Bert Bert, Bert, comport or ticket. My wife just did redid the whole website herself real outer space. Oh they're, not paying us this episode dad. Can you believe that out? Actually can't? Can you bleep that or nothing [Laughter], the one bit by the way, we're good we're gonna lock this up soon, but the one I was dying. I was [, __, ] I couldn't agree it. The pajama bit was just I, don't know: oh I, just I just was like one night I'm at this door and I'm just struggling to find material like anything and I. Just I just start telling the story and I tell it and it does okay keep in the bar and Adam egit who's. The Booker and maddening general manager, now of all over the Comedy Store, just I get offstage like go to that pajama jet no I go really because that's my favorite bit, you have I was like dude, it kills me and I was like okay I literally had it goes in the special oh yeah I was dying to breathe. Oh I, don't, but it was all just amazing amazing, amazing, secret time, all right chrissake. Thank you! So much Bert. Thank you for coming on how to blow I'm so glad I know I'm so glad this happened. Yeah I've been waiting for this for a long time. Yeah thanks man appreciate it with that being said, thank you all. You guys have a great weekend. I'm excited we're getting off to Santa Cruz nice, nice so excited ready, but yeah we're going. What do you guys leave tomorrow morning? Oh nice I was thinking about going after the show, but I was like I'm trying for the veal yeah leave in the middle of the night crash on the ditch. My wife bought the one wipin I did that one time we got camping gear, we went all, but we were like we still came to this weekend. She goes, let's not get caught in the traffic. Let's go it's a finite. We Fla buy all the stuff now we'll get everything ready and we'll leave it like midnight kind of like in the middle of the night. It'll be and I go great idea, buy all our stuff esporte shell lightly thousand dollars with a camping gear, get on the five start, driving up to Yosemite. We got to go to the bathroom and it's like 30 degrees and she's, like we wonder what the damages before cellphones are big. You wonder what the temperature in Yosemite is. No, we get online, it's like 10 degrees were like. We got [ __ ] hard, the navigation. We have a Tesla which is part of the story. I'm not saying that to brag sorry, they had to say that, but the navigation it doesn't use Google Maps, so it doesn't have traffic updates, okay and part of the. So we driving up the one which, for anyone that isn't familiar, it's a road that goes all the way up the coast of California and thrillers anyway from like the center of California up to Santa Cruz, which is about two hours in the mountains. No reception, there's. Basically it's a really beautiful nature drive but you're there's one road and that's it and so we're the navigation is taking up up this road and about halfway up there's just one lady sitting there in a long chair one lady in the middle of the road she's like hey, you got to turn around the road fell into the ocean. You can't drive this way and apparently the roads been closed for a long, [ __ ] time and the Tesla, which is run powered by battery. Ok, there's no [, __ ], you can't be like hey. Do you ever? Can I get a little gas? You've got a battery and thankfully we charge right before going up the one but like. If we went up there and didn't charge, he would have been in there [ __ ], but we had to drive back by the time we got back. It was empty again and you got a charge ago. We got lucky that we charged right before, because there's no reception, oh no [ __ ] gas. What would you have to do with you? Have to get your car towed? I, don't know, I, don't know, I, don't know. Your Tesla was like a like a teenage boy with his headsets on in the seventh house fire, but the scene there was one lady sitting in a lawn chair in the middle of [, __, ] or the road fell into the ocean. I was like okay, oh my god. I was like [ __ ] is the same thing would happen with gas, but there's no gas stations around you, my god, but you could like siphon some off or you could wait for someone. Someone can come I. Guess someone could just bring you a gas gas as opposed to just like an external charger for your phone plug it into your car like but like. How do you call for a tow truck? How do you do that because you can't even charge there's never again and and there yeah there's no yeah there you do. I was like well I, don't know what you do, I think! That's when you storage, don't you just jump because we you take the insulation out of it. You start building a fire just driving by cuz all these cars driving around with gas powered yeah. You guys just moved there and get a job starts on a course or subpoenas on the side of the roll-up I can do this yeah guys have a great weekend next week is Tim Heidecker right, yeah, ah pretty excited holy [ __ ], that's gonna! Be awesome, we'll see, we'll see how that one yeah sorry, ladies, we parked our jet skis outside. So we will see you then yeah and have a great [ __ ] weekend, god damnit sooo good time, yeah see you guys on Tuesday guys Tuesday. All right right, we do up still on Tuesday yeah I was gonna hit him with this Albert [Music] [Music].