Welcome everybody today, shri podcasts live today. We are here with a very special guest. We have got no sponsors, no [ __ ] going on. We have got Chris and Dylan here. You guys may have heard of these guys because they've been making a splash on the scene lately getting out a lot seen you guys all over the place. One list, one life, can you guys fill me in a little bit of the backstory of who you guys are and what's going on, sure yeah. So Dylan and I have been friends since fourth grade I. Just beyond that, we were never really like the super, fantastic, close friends in fourth grade. You know just friends in the elementary school and then in fifth grade I got hit with the diagnosis of chronic myeloid, leukemia and Dylan was literally in the hospital with me every single day it was a obviously as a young kid. It was a crazy battle, but having someone there, we played video games like every day on the PlayStation 2. That's literally, all I did you know, take my mind off of stuff, and it was. It was a big deal to go throughout the time as a kid, but you know luckily I got through it modern medicine and all that and I've just been taking these what's called experimental chemo, it's called like Gleevec spry cell clue, cig and I've been taking that for a few years now, and recently, unfortunately, in October of 2017 I was doing just a normal routine. Blood check and I got a call when I was at my college, letting me know that they found something that is really not good and that I would need to go back for more tests and about three days of back and forth of them telling me. Oh, it's a good mutation. Oh it's a bad mutation, then, finally they were like. This is a terrible mutation. This is really oh, my maybe bad never seen this mutation before this is a first, so they weren't sure for the first few days like they're like this could be good like it is stronger now and it won't, you know, attack the body or whatever or like it is, and it's just resilient to medication. So once I was given that news, it really hit me pretty hard. Obviously how long ago was that that was just in October of last year. So it's just been a few months. So five months into my year, you're left pretty much to enjoy life, I've been doing a crazy, crazy job of it. Thanks to Dylan, when I was when I first got told he was the first person I called even before my mom and he cuz he was in the hospital. My parents have work, and you know they had to do stuff, but still I mean it was. He was a really big part of it and he told me write down 50 items that were gonna. Do like no playing around this, isn't just you know being trying to be a nice guy, like he's like write down, 50 items and we're doing them, and it just it started from there. Just small things like you know, just what it is on normal people's I would say bucket lists like go to space and stuff like that, and then I was just like crazy stuff like meeting you guys- and it's just like this- should never happen. Just like all right, Ian, - h3h like stuff like that, and because, like you guys are the people who, when I'm going through terrible stuff like I, can just put on a video and forget that I'm dying of cancer content can make wit like can make me whatever the bad stuff I'm going through chemo problems, whatever I can just put some memes on, and you know just watch it and it's it's. It takes me away from the crappy situation of like stomach pains whatever it is. It's just like alright I get to focus on something funny, and so thanks like having you guys on the bucket list, is really like. Instead of I would say normal celebrities. You guys are like my my celebrities, so it's really cool to actually get to be as what we do, cuz we're kind of separated. We don't really interact with our audience that much so like hearing that it's crazy, it's so crazy man, I mean I'm. Honored said that that we got the opportunity to sit down with you. Thank you. No I want people to know that they're well, there's still a chance for you to recover from. Yes, of course, it is bone-marrow donations right now. The only thing that can save me is a bone, marrow donation and most people just say: oh can't your parents do it or can't a sibling. Unfortunately, I had a sibling. She committed suicide in 2014 and she was only a about a six match and they can go all the way up to a ten out of ten. So my own sister, she wasn't enough no yeah. Well, my mom is only a three out of six and yeah most it's pretty much a numbers game, the more people that sign up to be a registered donor. What are the chances? Do? You know? It's only 30% that you're gonna find a family member. It is a match, so I know that's, probably not the exact numbers you were looking for, but that's because it just depends on races, it's purely general, so African Americans and oriental people. They have a lot harder time because you know there's North Korea, South, Korea Japan. All those things are genetically, so racial purity, yeah, yeah I, was when they take out my bone marrow and they say that oh okay, he's Portuguese, Puerto, Rican and blah blah blah. That's a tough one, so yeah and it's it's a hard thing and it even goes as far as like I remember. You got some weird virus, oh yeah, and it's viruses too, like they have to have every single virus like it's. Your bone marrow has to accept someone else's. That is gonna, be making good white glow the white blood cells don't match. It's literally gonna be civil. So here's what I want to do today, I've been following you guys story. There's somebody out there with the bone marrow to save your life. Even if you don't match him, you can save somebody else's life, yeah and the process. I thought it was super scary and crazy, but having followed you guys story, it's it's very simple. It's like a, and what do you call it outpatient it just takes like an hour. You show up they pop a needle in your hip. You go that's if you're, actually mad process you get on the list is to get on the registry. You just swab your mouth and it's a free. You go online. Yep I'm gonna talk about that later, I'm gonna tell you guys how to do that later in the show, but I want to say if anybody at home is watching now, one, it said, advise you guys a little bit in case of saving a life for basically nothing wasn't enough incentive. If anybody matches you and donates I'm gonna give him $5,000. So, if anybody's out there who wants to help this dude out, you can save his life and I'm gonna pay you $5,000. Thank you and I'm gonna, give you a hill. This is a priceless offer. My it's gonna be weird. When some like Chinese dude matches with you and then we have to send them to Ethan you the hand ease option I'll, send you the check, so I'm gonna tell you guys Walt here. Let me bring Dan, throw it up on the screen, we'll talk more about it later before we get today. We'll talk more about it later, but there is a lot of misconception about the process and I was under the wrong impression as well. I thought you have to like immediately. Do the donation, but that's completely yeah yeah. It's basically two steps, you sign up to the registry and then, if you match with someone, then you're saving life yeah that part's a little harder. But you know you're saving in life, I've done bone marrow, biopsies before I'd, say 2015. They used to have to take to check on my cancer levels like in depth. They used to have to take a bone marrow say. Would sedate me do all the whole process and it was literally a pain and but now luckily they have just a genetics test which they just take like seven files of blood and then they'll figure it out that way, but yeah I had to do literally have probably done six, not eight of them, one of the of the old school, which is just they sedate you and that's what they would do if you are a match and it's just what you sedate, you you're just on your belly and they get bone marrow from your hip. It literally just feels, like you got like charley horse trot above the butt cheek for you've done it eight times, yeah yeah ever since 2009 ever they had me, do it every there are three times every year and then down to two times every year, and that was the most I got him space now six months, so you can basically just go in for a day, we'll explain it more, but I'm, not the only one. That's on your list. There was someone else on your list that happens to be here now, so we're gonna bring him in yeah you're the who yeah, oh no, no, it's Philip, DeFranco, Billy, Dee I noticed that Billy was on your list here. Sit here. Oh that's! So that's the ghost of a live. This is the was on your list and we and Philip wanted to come and meet you guys already anyway. Thank you. So what happened so, fortunately, that we got I just sent an email to your producer like an hour ago, yeah yeah! Well, we were, we were talking about. Uh I was like hey I know these guys are reaching out. Let's, let's set something up and- and she said yeah we're doing it and Ethan hit me up and I was like yeah, let's completely just just kind of hit him from the side, I thought you were gonna make a joke about like so anyway. Obviously, thank you. I just wanted to continue the conversation, we're having you so this you dropped out of college when you found out that you have cancer, that the story of you guys's friendship. Really, it's really touching about everything you guys have been through. I mean how was it deciding that you were gonna drop out of college and how did your family feel about yeah? Actually, I'll start with how my family feels I am losing my job and getting kicked out in about two weeks. Yeah I, don't know if my mom is actually gonna enforce that I. Think it's more like kicking you out, my parents I think it's a threat right. It's like go back to college or we're gonna. Kick you out, I'm curious to see if it actually happens, but hey I, like the very soft language, I'm curious. What happens and it happens. You know it's like it's not ideal, but he won't be on that's the fastest way to test out a friendship, sleep sleep next to each other. Actually, we we almost got. We had a share of bed almost tonight car Hotel kind of messed up. We fixed it, so we just hang out way too much. It was literally used to be like I would hang it out of his house for like Monday through Friday, and then he would go to hang out at my house for like it would just be weeks just trading off just at each others house, so we're pretty used to each other's shenanigans -. So your parents don't really understand what you're doing or well you guys are well I, my parents, they kind of went through the whole process of like living from a car, and then you know my mom went to college now, she's a nurse, and so she sees the opportunity of getting that degree right and obviously she understands that I've been friends with Chris for a long time and that she understands that he's dying. But it's it's scary for it's hard to say. Even with all those facts, it's really a tough choice to make yeah and actually she just paid for more classes, so I'm technically supposed to start class like next week, but I told her I'm not going to do that because yeah I mean it basically just came down to you know if he does pass that I can't sit in a lecture hall listening to the Linguistics of Norway or whatever I was doing well. I know that he's sitting in the hospital you know, and at this point, because that commitment we made together like on March 1st, we broke a world record and together the two of us we have. We are the people that have made the most amount of people sign up for a bone marrow registry in one day, and it's like. If I didn't make that decision, you know, then our effort would have been posting on Facebook. You sign up as a marrow donor and then, if he died, you know it almost would have been like not necessarily my fault but I wouldn't have put in my effort and now we're feeling like. Okay, we may be really I mean like it's. It's just up to someone else, which is the unfortunate part about this leukemia. Is it's not like I can just walk into a hospital just be like carry me. Please, I'll. Take one care like now. It's like finally good so I have to wait for someone so really, like we've tried all we can right now and just hopefully keep raising the awareness message, because it's not just me, there's hundreds, if not thousands yeah so I mean there's, like the perspective of you know, not wanting to lose him right in and just kind of letting that happen, but also we've had to buy a lot of hard drives recently, because there's so much footage of experiencing life together, you know for terrible and, and then it's just become. Luckily, we may I made that decision. You know we made the decision because now we're inspiring people, we people are watching this entire story and- and we have people who care about us and we care about them, and you know at first yeah. It was definitely just I. Don't want to sit here. Knowing that he's dying, but then it very quickly turned into holy crap like we're doing something that is actually changing people's lives well, I think there's plenty of people watching who'd be like yeah I would totally put my life on hold. Just try to save my friend's life, like everybody likes to stay, dream and fantasize about doing that, but actually I think it is a whole different thing. So right, because even what you're saying I mean there, there are real stakes and the fact that you're you're willing to do that to to get the experiences that you're getting now like. That's I, wouldn't I'm, very not about the romantic yeah I love that yeah managerial economics, cognitive science and tech management. That's what my parents don't like is the fact that mom I'm making a youtube video, but you know like we. We say now that we're running out of adjectives to describe what's happening because, like scrolling through my contacts list, I have Danny DeVito right next to Brody Burns, you got Danny DeVito on speed, dial, yeah I'm, just wait. We're gonna get like a really populated discord server one day and were just gonna leak. It just leaked his phone numbers. I know it's a that's the real game plan. Did you guys expect to get this kind of attention like I'm curious? How did you guys start and when was your first like breakthrough, because now it seems like a lot of people know who you are, but in the beginning, how did you first get realized? I, I told Chris, because a lot of it was documenting the story right. We wanted people to see that, like hey, you know sure and we're in a situation where he might be dying, but really you can go, live out a bucket list and and even our bucket list kind of portrays that too, you know sure not a lot of people will be able to sit in this room, but we also want to help an old lady across the street. You might want to feed homeless and yeah personable as well is I want to be famous. How are you happy like it's just there's, there's so much stuff to do in life. That is beyond just Oh fun things here, fun things there it's what will make you feel good about helping someone else like genuinely helping them, not just like alright, here's, some 10 cents. You know like to a homeless guy like actually genuinely going out there and making a contact and doing the the first date cuz. We decided to document it. The first day, I had the camera in front of Chris the little camera that I had from high school Chris. You need to tell a story effectively because 10,000 people are gonna watch this okay, first of all, if we ran out of batteries because it took him so long pronouncing [ __ ] to get one line out. Oh my god, he was terrible, I'm bad I'm, like even originally in front of the camera. It was just like an intro sappy one like we were talking. We made we download, we maybe pirated an Adobe program, and we just like Adobe software in this house. It was crack trying to come up with a flyer to describe what we are doing and we were like mapping out. Okay, we're gonna walk to our neighbors and say this, and maybe we can get some money to be able, went on doing door-to-door to raise the awareness yeah. We posted it on Reddit and next thing. You know he called me I think it was with my girlfriend he's like hey we're at a quarter million views yeah just walking at the river in the last time, I checked it like three hours before it was that like 60,000 and I was are sweating. Bullets I was just like I need to walk, I need to like and I check it again like once, I stopped walking, I'm like oh, that's like our video, yeah and really everything that's happened so far is because of that first video pretty much yeah uncredible reddit. Sometimes it's great. Sometimes it's the worst yeah, it's coin toss it's a it's a real coin that sometimes I feel about backers. I! Think we own the rights to the music I, don't think I mean it was terrible, but its production to us. You know it's a story of who we are and and people definitely didn't like it. There are some people who are very critical of it, but what did they say? I'm curiosity, it's the whole spectrum um. There are some conspiracies that I'm, stealing all the money from Chris yeah that I'm actually like I'm, just some puppet, just juice and all the funds out of me he's just in there just I love how cynical people gonna be that they can be like even like. Why wouldn't I just stop hey, like that's my biggest thing, like eight point, eight, why wouldn't I just say I'm trouble, because we had a patreon link in the description and they're like oh you're, just trying because I mean I, understand it, but I really have to carry around my doctor's note. That literally says like and needs to go to the hospital because he's gonna die soon. I have to carry that on me because people like no, you don't like you, want to see. Yeah yeah, I, pull out the paper and I'm just like read it like that's my name right there like it's, it's real! That's it! That's the dark side of the internet. People are always ready to see the worst possible scenario, yeah. Even the worst possible scenario is like like just let it go dude. If that's what you think just [, __ ] move on like don't make it your life's mission to like [ __ ] on you guys was the most recent one. It was hardcore so like he dated my sister, oh well, you invited I did like back in the day and like this before that person commented, they were just like. Oh I know this may be weird, but I for some reason think that you dating his sister was the reason that she killed herself and that you're, just in it for the money and like I, was literally just like damn like this part. That was the one comment and it didn't like personally offend us, but it's just so like yeah. It's just a lot of those levels of like really like you're gonna, hey you're gonna bring up my dead sister come over like all that stuff, and it's just like, because I'm fat and dumb don't target Dylan, because he dated my sister just weird you guys actually are. Are you still posting videos to our videos? No we're trying we do of our own content. Well, part of it too was I, because we kind of share an account and and I had some other accounts, and then also people were pretending to be us. Saying me and my best friend are doing this I, don't know what they gain from that, so it was. There was some kind of we did take advantage of the platform, because when you post something there and then suddenly you're living out your bucket list, it's it's exciting. You know, and it's like please care about us some more, but a lot of it too was yeah. They just weren't having it. They didn't see our stuff anymore, I, guess yeah, they were just. They were upset about the self-promotion side of it more so than what our content was. They could care less if it was literally saving a starving out of starving Africans. Like no I was saying we were banned in our videos really for, like the first two or three years of our career on YouTube yeah and like once, we had like a couple million subscribers. We message one of the admins were like dude. Can you please like, after all this time? Can you just tell me why at least we're banned and they go back I wish they? They went back to check the logs and they're like it was one moderator on our videos who isn't with us anymore and banned you and didn't even make a note because they're supposed to like take archive down banda channel, so he didn't even know, and he wasn't with them. He's like this was just one guy that hated you and banned your frickin channel from our videos I'm, like that's so messed up, cuz. It's like the biggest hub of content sharing on the Internet, and maybe one guy, probably like 15 years away from a million subscribers, maybe will message them. Then you have a very dark or not dark, but very nonchalant about your condition, yeah part of a coping mechanism, or are you really just that? No at peace with what's going on in your life, there's I? Think it's a little bit of both. It's definitely a coping mechanism, just when my sister passed, like I've, made a lot of suicide, jokes and stuff, and it's just like not about me but like hearse, and it's just like so I deal with things instead of just crying about it and just being sad about it like it's not gonna help anything. If you can at least try and laugh and get over things, I mean you can at least try and become a stronger person afterwards, but I feel like just demonizing all the bad things is just like: it's not helping anything you're, just making more things like touchy subjects and the least you can make it a touchy subject and just make it into like yeah. That happened, that's life, but unfortunately, what happens in life but yeah, just like with the cancer I mean if I'm done everyone's dying. You know what I mean, like everyone's dying I'm running to the gates, a little bit faster, maybe but like there's, nothing that not joking about it can do to save it. It's not like if I don't make any jokes like my cancers, gonna go away, so it's like might as well try and make some laughs and stuff, because I mean no laughter. All the time I've had people literally like I'm, making cancer jokes in public with some friends and they're. Just like hey, you can't do that. My blooper mile died of cancer I'm, like I'm dying of cancer right now, I do want to see the paper paper. Yeah I want to see the paper. After all, this talk about the faith. This would be very it just all right. Let's, let's come on up. This is my warrant. Sorry, my desk, all right guys, I actually didn't know he can write everybody at home here. Hopefully it's not like you're like this just so you know this gonna be cut to make it look like we didn't believe. This is all how we go from laughs. Okay, so he carries a diagnosis of chronic myeloid leukemia. His current therapy is not very beneficial. You will need to undergo a bone marrow transplantation, which is at this time of the best curative treatment for his leukemia yeah. It's nothing crazy, but it's just crazy. Don't you know be nice, so you have you ever bust that out on people giving over like. So how did they react because I have handicap handicap because of some surgeries from bone marrows I had a I, let a residency nurse do one and she really messed up on it and I I signed off and everything my whole cancer experience. I have said: if I can donate my time and body to science and help some other kid from dealing with this, then it's definitely worth it. You know what I mean so I, let the residency nurse. Do it because better me than some other really younger kid, who's gonna be really messed up, and so she literally cracked part of my hip bone. It was she really messed up. The needle for this home yeah I was I was on crutches for like three weeks that won't, if you were a bone marrow designed for residency nurse for a practice nurse to do it and stuff and it is permanently affected. My walk and I have a disabled placard on my car and so that's fun of park. You know going and parking someplace and I just get out. I've had literally like this I think was a vet I'm, pretty sure he'll give you [ __ ] for taking me and some [ __ ] he's got the handicap bike. You've got the cancer now I have the plates. I have the plate. Oh you don't even talk to people. So ask me: oh you have your handicap. I, don't even say I point I mean look at the car, don't ask our first like, but yes and well. They probably think you're, like in your grandma's car, something I have a bunch of gun stickers on my car gun gun stickers, like that we don't call 9-1-1 like that, was like gun, brand's, okay, but I mean, and he you know he just came out he's like. Oh, why do you deserve that parking space? Blahblah fought for my country and I? Don't even have it blah blah blah like and I was living like I know. You fought for your country, but I'm, currently fighting cancer and he's just like oh I'm, so sorry and like I, hate being like that, but as soon as people trigger me on that I turn from not nice to a dick and I was just like he's like oh I'm, so sorry about it, you know I, didn't you know, I didn't know I'm like yeah, you shouldnt have been [, __ ] barking up the wrong tree. You had no clue and you just started jumping on someone next time. Don't do that and it's just like I, don't want to be that guy who's getting on someone, but they shouldn't just be like. Why is he entitled exactly handicap placard? This seems like a no-win argument for me, like he was like a [ __ ], douche bag or anything, but it's just like my yeah I just got defensive in the sense of just like leave me alone. Dude, like I, have cancer like I fought for this too. You know what I mean like I may have. I may have not fought for people's freedom, but I fought for my life. You know to get one of the things on our bucket list is to get a hundred percent achievements and colleges which we've never been able to do. But applause are you, we have wheel, we've lost our accounts, so yeah we were someone who knew someone at Activision and she was like. Why did you guys get bass as a trigger? Are we gonna get banned? We just forgot our user info. You can't recover. You use their info anyway. Anyone watching a goddamn Activision help these guys box, 360 yeah. We are also planning on doing a 24 hour livestream. We had one scheduled but chemo probs yeah. This girl basically gatekeeping him from us connecting to Activision to like promote this stream, because she was a survivor of cancer and she said she survived it. So it's not a real problem for Chris that person doesn't exist. Did you see her cancer card? Laminated I feel like nobody survived. Cancer would ever say that to anybody. I I just know: I've had cancer survivors who have come and said we're rooting for you. You know it's very difficult. I've gone through this. It's hard to find a bone marrow donor had plenty of that. It's the rarity to find I've gone through cancer you're, not dealing with [ __ ] suck it up, and it's just like somebody who's been through cancer would say that it breaks my heart, that's true, yeah and for me, like we were just helping out a kid who unfortunately died in the twenty-eighth he passed away, the other 28 and we asked him what is something on your bucket list and we documented his kind of his story. He was first diagnosed before he turned 1 and what and he beat leukemia donor brain condition and then yeah he passed about a week ago. It was he when he passed, he was 17, but we like I, was saying like - compared to him I'm a punk [ __ ], like I I'm. Here you know, I got my hair I'm able to leave the house. He was stuck in a house literally like, like you, said, leukemia before the age of 1 and then going through severe brain tumors. It's like is we we filmed his video and then one of the things he wanted to do was meet Will Ferrel because he watched daddy's home through his treatment and will film yeah I mean I. Guess we can know that I can do is watch movies. That's why it's really important. He can't speak like he literally was so far gone. It's just all. He has is movies. We haven't really like formally announced it yet. But that's what we're focusing on now yeah number 119 is to help other people with cancer. So I mean it's not just me. Hon I've got a nice. Well, you guys are definitely doing that with the bone, like you guys, are getting so many people to register your you're gonna save life like no matter what happened eyes are gonna save somebody somewheres life yeah yeah, only not to pick races, but I mean literally the Israeli community. Okay, like a right more like a lot of those communities. It's talked about is much it's always by diversity, yeah and so the more diverse people that you have literally the best, so it Americans the more oriental, the more Latino everything the more it'll save. So when you match with a black, dude or technically I mean like it would be like it would be like a point: zero, zero, zero one percent- because you know like genetics, are just like a roll of the dice and you don't know right like that's the crazy part, it could even be yeah. So, like I mentioned kind of losing our jobs and stuff clay who's been we're helping out a lot behind the scenes he's we actually, he got married two weeks ago and they're already talking about divorce because they have no money, but that's a different story. We we're making our job our job now is to help in April 12th we'll be flying in a girl named Lexi she's in Ohio she's, going through some cancer too one of the things turns out. It's illegal to touch a cheetah that was one of the things on her bucket list was to meet a cheetah and it's a federal crime to touch it. She'll touch the cheetah yeah, so she reaches her hand out we're gonna have to tackle her, but don't touch a cheetah, don't touch a cheetah. That should be the name of this vodka. What what has been throughout all the experiences you guys have done, you've done. You've met a lot of people. Well, it's been like the most special or fulfilling thing from your list or not that you guys have done so far. I promise I'm not just saying this because I'm here, you tubers being able to end like I was saying earlier, like you guys, are the media like I? Don't watch TV like I, have cable and I pay for cable, but I don't use it. I watch youtube for everything, news, entertainment. You know what I mean just stuff like that like it's just literally, you got two of them right here: the news and the entertainment and stuff- and it's just like you guys- are my outlet so being able to meet you. You know demolition ranch, Achievement Hunter, all that stuff is it's like, like I'm, very serious, you guys are the ones who take me away from dealing with cancer problems and it's more just like Thank You Man. One thing that I know is gonna trigger both of us that the the last picture of Josh before he passed he was wearing one of our shirts. Sorry to cut you off. Dan said we crashed the registry site. Good, hey you guys are darks yeah. We like to call it the hug of death. In this case. Maybe death isn't the best. Well, I wonder if they could take down our web site. - yeah our web site has the the same like our own thing. To get through be the match. You know just yeah. We have an affiliate link because they they like to keep us updated with how many lives you've saved. Basically well, everyone will get a chance dan. What is the link? Our web site is one list, one life com, so you guys can apparently can sign up there, but this everyone will have a chance to yeah we're gonna post, you too sure yeah, sorry to cut you off. Okay, hey that was kind of cool I'm, probably getting a text from the registry right now. What did you guys just do? That was the craziest thing. It's like we just got done right. We were filming like we just got done, filming like not the homeless, I. Think the video after that- and we just get a call we're just sitting in the car and it's just some random number and they're like hey. This is B The Match registry and we've seen that you guys have started making like hundreds of people donate so spike, and they call this out because they realize we are going to partner with you guys. The previous record was two thousand eight hundred I believe and we're not technically official yet, but we broke three thousand, it's like that's a big number. Obviously, but when you really kind of look at it, that is insane because at least one person yeah so I mean to be doing something compared to just sitting in a classroom or just working and stuff cuz I know it's just definitely way more rewarding I would say than most things: I mean construction was rewarding. You get to see. I was an electrician, I mean like you got to see a house turn on from nothing, and it's just like that's cool. This way beats it out, because yeah I've had a a one-armed kid reach out to me. Then he does hunting fishing all kinds of this stuff, and he was telling me that I'm an inspiration I'm like no, no, no, no shut up you're doing all this stuff. One-Handed dude I was like if I lost, a finger, I'd be bitching up a storm you're doing this [ __ ], one [, __ ] handed hell, no you're the inspiration dude like no, and it's just crazy. All those people reaching out and like trying to tell me I'm an inspiration when there's people who are living with way worse things I mean I people say: oh, you know cancer, so bad, but it's like I'm here, I get to move out of that leave the house and I get all my limbs and everything right now so I mean there's. Definitely that was a good radio experiencing a day as a blind person. That was one of the things on the bucket list. That I think that was one. My favorite yes got a lot of surprised. All the good comments. Yeah see like a wave of just troll, just like I just were always expecting it. I love it I. Think like there's gotta be some content. It's like we're trying to save my friend's life and then they make fun of my hair. Is the cancer cause Rose just from all around just on Dylan, and me is just they're good, they're really good, so you and talking with you and email mm-hmm, you had brought up a roast me thread. Yes, you were a big hit on, aren't reddit roast me below you, not as row stable as me, but so you wanted to make a video initially where we go over this and I looked at I'm like dude. This is so [ __ ] up it's so twisted. Oh, that's, good I would look at it. I know you guys want to and it's fun I'll pull it out, but I want you guys to know I didn't do this I didn't write these I didn't want to do. This I was saying the disappointing stuff about some of the Rose Mia's people put up nice stuff afterwards, like oh they're like oh, you know, I can't wait till you die and I see you in your grave or something and then they're just like I'm. So sorry, I, don't mean it I'm. Sorry that you have cancer. I hope you have a great life, and it's like this roast me like this- isn't like I, don't get one point Chris threatened to have sex with someone's uncle because they weren't being me. Oh, you know someone was just like no, they were just like. Oh yeah, you know it's gonna die too bad. You're gonna die a virgin I'm. Just like don't worry your uncle already got that covered all right. Are you guys ready for this [ __ ] [, __ ]? You know all right. So, every once in a while cancer gets it right, hell, yeah! Well you responding, amen, brother yeah, yeah I mean I, gives you perspective, hi everyone, the kid the kid from Pixar's Up grew up and got cancer yeah I need to cosplay the kid from up. I need to do like a good Russell, cosplay I'm, chubby I, look like it I'll be a good Russell. I do feel like all these comments. Generally from from, and this our have a cut like they mean well, we're all be skinny. You know, that's that's a pro at least they're skinny yeah, that's pretty brutal I'm. Looking for skinny that'd be great you're asking your dying in your ass, for shitty mean lunch. If I were you, I'd have wished for a girlfriend. You, like my response, I tried with the people at red at Campbell. This is to mushroom. You couldn't be more than the embodiment of whatever reddit user looks like alright. Somebody like the really nasty one, sorry I keep laughing before you read them and then just like this is the last one. I didn't know cancer could spread outside the body yeah. His response is my favorite part yeah, it's pretty bad, please the gilding mayor, I'm literally, I know they said that it says it's gonna like I was, like you know, just in case I die can I like. Is there any way? I can give reddit gold to some people. I have like a lifetime supply now, like I, won't have to see ads for like a year and like no exception yeah the moderator that admin admin yeah, he was uh. He has an account where he just can give unlimited gold and everything he's like yeah look and just builds my post I'm just like, but you can't give it to other people. You know why would I do that? Bro! That's like tax fraud, yeah we're calling you out reddit, also as I kind of wrap this up and talk about the different ways that people can support. You guys I, understand that you recently turned 21 years old. Yes, yes, so I wanted to celebrate with a little something special with some rapper beverages, because we're all pretty swagged out here can Dan. Can you bring in the swag juice, brought some Hennessy like what is swag? It's my audience for method, jackass surrealism. For a moment, oh the jackass 3, the Preston, sweat suit cocktail that I never like I'm, never a weak stomach person like I, take chemo and stuff, but like that episode, I was just just go. Just remember just think it's he gets on a bike like a word like plastic wrap, so it Crippin yeah for like into a glass damn what I got here: Don Perry on I, don't I! Think I got the grape juice for doing. Oh, if it's a good vintage for Christopher approves. Can you open it on that side guys? So, while we're cracking up in these boxes, as I said, if when I use, sons of [ __ ] out there matches, I will give you $5,000 and a [ __ ], the bucket list item you've heard of the Hope Diamond. It's like that. Okay, it's priceless you just mash it do you do anything like Sayaka technique, I swirl out there all right, the websites Doc's! Does they don't? And if you don't know in the dick slap the lake is on the screen, the link is in the description, join dot, be the match. Dork slash my best friend guys. All you do it's free! If you're between the age of 18 to 44 free cuz, if you're old, let's be real, we don't want your [ __ ], it's just less ya, get older your cells adapt to your body and they know like this. Is you and so, when you try and take it out and put it in someone's else yourselves like? No, this is not me. Yeah, so the older, you are, the more your cells really acquaint to you. So you can you can't still do it. Bucks and saving someone's life I would say, is priceless, yeah 18:44, it's free, they send you out a little cat. All you do is swab the side of your mouth. You send it I'm gonna, do it. I was hoping to get it in time. For this we did it, but it just takes like five days and when you match they just stick you they stick you a little bit and you save a life. Do it out of curiosity how many people are watching? We might have just topped our own record. Well, right now, live there's rings, 8,000 watching live just topped. Our own world record will get a lot. It will get more views when we post on you right so yeah we'll see, but we got it. We got to assume that most of them have already done it because it's been like out there. You can't just assume every large one of you guys get on that web calling be the match right now. Let them know we doubled we're. Hoping I feel like that'd, be kind of a boring picture drunk so guys and if you want to help support them on their mission to fulfill the rest of the items on their bucket list or just to get out and shake their dicks and do their thing. The link to their patreon is also in the description on the screen. Patreon.Com slash my best friends list. I recently supported, and I recommend you guys to as well to be here honestly, like is, is a dream item and I it's always weird like meeting like these big youtubers, that's like a borderline of like being a big fan and trying to be normal, because I understand people can get creepy fast. I've seen your guys's stuff, like people just showing up at your house like what the [ __ ] is that, like we just had someone show up at his house the other day and like wreaked out it wasn't even for us, it was for his dad's company, but oh yeah, but we were just strolling. We don't have fans, they all play me for the cancer day. I can't even imagine you guys having to deal with that like Pete, alright, I'm, antisocial, I may not seem like it. I just want to sit in my house, I don't want to deal with anyone, I, just wanna play games and just to have people. First of all, let's Cheers happy birthday. Cheers to you cheers see you my dude happy 21st birthday very happy to be here with you. What do you think all right? It's good I, don't get the hype. I mean it's like a thing. You know it's $150 bottle of champagne that was $150 yeah. That's what I thought you lasted longer than it. I meant 2009 the cancer that was a cancer joke to me. It's just like it's like weird Sanpellegrino I'm, like you ever had that yeah by the way, I learned my lesson you drink at the bottom of the show like don't drink at the beginning of the show. When you get him drunk he's missing. Some sloppy [, __, ] yeah, it's gonna be great. I was I was, like sorry, just had like thinking like a quarter of a beer before here. Just cuz he's like dude he's right. One beer like when I took my first beer, [ __ ] me up like that's enough. You can talk. You're 21, it's gonna say this is totally my soda drinking. He was 151, that's my favorite it better! It better. Be liquid lava, I'm gonna get drunk I. Don't do you was sitting here drinking like seven, eight shots, you know I'd rather take three shots and get to where I would be and not have to take. Like eight shots. Just see like yeah he's got that conversion ratio down you've been crunching the numbers but you're, saying I, don't know how you feel about, like being like a famous youtuber to me. I, still, don't really I, don't like feel it. I just feel like a normal dude. Still like no I would say people just trying to try to log into my stuff more I feel like it was actually worse. The worst when I was like a smaller youtuber I, don't know if it's a people feel a connection but like I I, think I talked about on the podcast last time, like I changed my name to DeFranco, initially to avoid people finding my house, because people started showing up. There are some people that actually they are willing to sacrifice their life for Chris. That's not a joke, they say I will die and give you my bone. Marrow and I have lived. An amazing life and Chris seems like a great person, and you know: I've I've lived a great life, so I'm ready to live, lay down my life and you know give him my bone marrow. It's like when you drive I, feel just some twisted. Dude you're, like I, can't even use it. We were saying: I mean we'll take down bone marrow donations of any type you want to just take some out put it in a ziploc bag. Send it get someone that was really confused about what a bone marrow is litters gonna, send you a limb, yeah it'll be fresher if they just send us the bone. You know what we're doing send us the whole way. Yeah, you guys Rock. Thank you! That's funny, I enjoy watching you guys a story and you're quorums with YouTube. That's hilarious. To watch! Oh they're, getting Deamonte, oh they're, totally d monetize! Oh, it still drives me crazy. Just so you guys know my favorite episode, one with all the risque girls that you know they're just like getting the egg sandwich just like that's such a prime example of like the stupidity of it like you, can see, they're just make jokes, yeah fun of it and, like I, don't think that's our last video I've been wanting to pitch about this. Thank you for bringing it out our last video about prank invasion got demonetized. Really we put so much work and effort into it and, like all the sudden, you can't even make like making fun of something in the eyes of the classifiers. Is the same as doing it yourself. So, if I'm, making fun of Chris doing kissing pranks on some girl in a burka and they censor the part where you lifts her skirt and grabs her ass and fingers are as well I. Apparently it's just as bad as me going and doing it myself. You want to know the best. We don't get monetized we get. Mars is too or we have to so. You talk about death too much yeah, because it's you know, scary shield. Your eyes I refuse to believe that advertisers really care like every time. I talk to you do, but not a lot but like if, if our, if ads showed up on your guys's videos would would brands give a [ __ ], no I, don't think so! Well, that's problem is they're. Just they're. Classifying you guys talking about something like that to like a bombing the same day. It's the same. Sauce is just a serious topic that shouldn't be talked about. One thing: a lot of people ask they're, just wanna point out: you can't see our bucket lists. A lot of people want to see it. We do it online yeah yep. What does the asterisk means? It means it's a work in progress base, I'm, good I, don't have a drink, so I'm, just like oh yeah I feel great. You guys feel great. Sorry, bro, don't judge me once we start getting a little drunk I was like I just I'm looking forward to after we're done, and everyone knows, we've got some. We tried to order Papa John's, which I thought that'd be a suiting thing to do, but guess what Papa doesn't deliver to the zip code, so guess who I called the new official sponsor the NFL and my life Pizza [Music]? It's a sponsorship. Sorry I know I blow a lot of smoke up of people's ass here, but when it comes to be acted like how, when I was told, I have cancer. What no monetization for you recently, it's not 5050 anymore, but it's still enough to be just like. Why did you the thing but I? Don't even try and talk about it like it's kind of the same as a for a lot of youtubers, I, say there's like a certain algorithm to when you can say that you're depressed it's like one one time, one depending on your output for people like yeah yeah. The thing that bothers me is not that it happens. It's like whenever it happens. I'm like why, like I, tried my best to make this video acceptable, it's so complicated from there. So leave it to me the chemo and although I can't accept bone marrow, I'm gonna reopen my patreon. We've got some pizza waiting for us guys. Thank you so much for watching I. Please hope that you will join. The registry link is in the screen some description. Let's do this y'all! Thank you. So much and yeah subscribe wait. What's the one less one life is that all of our self is one one less one life you know ever you're looking for them there. They are, what triggered all right, let's plate some pizza, all right guys! Thank you. So much for watching. Thanks guys remember on Wednesday, we are going to be live with post Malone at our first live show, super live, layers of, live, live, live and then Friday, Bob, Saget, so I hope you will join us for the rest of the week. Okay, love, you guys all right see. You then Tata.