[Music] welcome one and all to the h3 podcast experience like that. We're experienced now yeah I, like it, the echo still it would be cool if you I, don't know if that's an effect or if you guys could just do that with your voice to be way cooler. We can't hit hit us down. So you want to hit us with an experienced healer hate to say h3 podcast. Oh it's only you sorry I got it so already. It's an ego thing he's got you've got homie I, have it I, don't have it, and now it's gone anyway, guys welcome to the experience. Today's sponsors are expressvpn and honey, and today's guest is the great and hilarious comedian and actor Chris D'elia. Yes, who hosts an extremely funny podcast. You should all be watching called congratulations with Chris D'elia with me with you, no guests, you guys can check him out. He's got you got yes talking about you break I'm, gonna cool! You he's got it's like I'm bring him out, he's got the Follow. The Leader tour tickets are available now at Chris, D'elia, calm, /, - or tour. Also, if you have Netflix- and you have not washes - hilarious, specials, manna, fire and incorrigibles, then what the [ __ ] are you doing with your life? We can curse here. Okay, I hope you have a full life. If you haven't seen them I hope you have a full life in us. Cuz you've been so busy. You've been yeah yeah, that's the only accepted yeah, then I'm like all right, cool yeah, you know, but if not, then hey, maybe I'm, just not your type. Maybe I! Look like a guy, try it at least yeah. True nothing did you already have enough? Yes, everybody! You know we talked about this recently [ __, ] I think they almost have 200 million people on Netflix out. It's like over half the country, so I did I, know yeah, it's crazy, so I did like a year and a half ago they had a party for a hundred million subscribers. I was half a year ago. No a year like a year and a half ago- oh my god, they're growing that and and they were like they they hit my manager and they were like just Chris want to perform for the party I was like no, it's gonna be a [ __ ] train wreck, but I was like yeah I'm, not gonna, say no. What's your hesitation you're performing to just the Netflix, it was like hey, well it yeah and friends, and people that were invited to the party. It's a special event, but it's just like it's just I knew just any time as a comedian that people are like you want to perform it. This thing, that's not in a comedy club right, you're like okay, so I'm not gonna, be right. It's not gonna, be amazing. You know, but so so I was like why I don't wanna say no to them and I love, Netflix so and I work for them. So I was like yeah I'll, [, __ ]. Do it you know, and we made a fun. It was fun. It was me, and three other comedians cannot remember who one of the other comedians were. That's how it was a crazy yeah, but it was it was. It was fun. We made it fun. It was like in this room off to the side where other bands were playing to. So we, like you, heard your yeah crazy was like knows how to party I know how they do. It was huge, it was huge and we were doing it was like it brought them back to the Open Mic days when I was doing like I would play bowling alleys that doesn't sound nice I mean dude. You play I play I play bowling, alleys that, where, like you, would compete with people who were bowling in between pants at a time like the punish line in between like after they are right before they, it would go quit the business. Is that the worst show you've ever done? You know the bowling alley, no, no! What's the worst I ever did I talked about it and incorrigible is when well. The worst kind of like show coming up that I did was where a lady rushed the stage, and it was because she was heckling me and I said to her. She had like this really like wild hair that was like really up and out and I and I called her Blanca after she was like you know, faithful fighter yeah course I do and she I was like I, don't even know. She's gonna know what this means and I did and she knew what it meant. She was very she or Ana right up and grabbed the microphone well hit. My face. I pushed it into my face and I was like, oh god, I gotta, say of all of the insults that would cause someone to attack you, the Street Fighter reference yeah, pretty special one. It's a good one and it just kind of proved my point because I feel, like that's kind of Blanka, would have done. Get you some of those sparks ya-ya-ya-ya-ya likes to get you fast, oh yeah, meeting my it was that one where he ate the guy's head right, of course, hey whatever she would have done. That yeah are you we I realize we've been podcasting for about the same really time, because you this is what episode is the monney 70 71 71, so I'm on, like I, think I'm on 74, so yeah in about three weeks or yeah three week different I'm curious? How is podcasting like affected your stand-up in a way yeah, it kind of it's been really. Actually it's been really interesting because I, you know, I started a podcast after I had a following right. Right and yeah. Would you guys did too so and and I did so, I was like look I'm just gonna. Do this and see how long it lasts. You know everyone's got a part. I felt like you know, I really found out through other comedians that if you don't have a podcast and you already have a fanbase you're leaving money on the table, yeah so also beyond that, it's just a great way to connect. But I didn't think of it that way until I started doing it, I was like you know: I was like oh no I want to make money more money and [ __ ] it you know and then and then I realized once I started doing it. How much like I mean in a much smaller way? For me, at least it's like you know, it's like a TV like the TV SH, the when you when people are watching a TV show and they're like I gotta, wait till next week to watch the next evey show, which we a lot of the little binge watch now. But when I was a kid, that's how people used to watch, TV and now people feel connected and they wait for the you know they feel like. They know me more yeah most and they do yeah because I'm, you know me or a version of me on that comedy comedy podcast you know, and but yeah it really like makes them feel like they know you and that's kind of a double-edged sword. Sometimes you like in sometimes you don't, but but but it it it as as I might have my opener when he says you guys listen to congratulations before he brings me up. The cheers have just gotten bigger and bigger bigger throughout the whole past year. Yeah, it's really crazy. It's really crazy! Your podcast is different than ours that you're just it's you and you're talking I mean how was that experience from going from stand-up to just like talking into a camera and nobody's there cuz you do shows you act a lot right, but was that a different skill to learn or did it kind of translate I? You know what it's it's. It's like stayin up in the way that, like stand up to me, is a version of making like when I'm at a diner with my friends late night I'm, sometimes like you know doing jokes I mean we're always joking around messing around but like sometimes I'm, just [, __ ] with them and we're just making jokes and we're doing bits or whatever I always felt like before. I did stand-up I was like if I could get to be onstage and treat the audience like they're. The other people in the diner, then I'll be able to do I know I'll, be able to do it, because I'd literally, would do that every day of my life, I'm obsessed with trying to may be able, laugh and like trying to and and and think about what do, I think it's funny. What's funny about this situation, and so for podcasting it was the same thing except it, except like it when I'm in my house and I'm with my dogs like I'll catch myself, just like talking about things for no reason like I'm, a [, __, ] insane person and then and then I'm like. Oh maybe I'll, say that on my mi in my show or my act or whatever, but then when I started to do the podcast I was like. Oh. This is just that this is just like me talking out loud in my house, yeah and I kind of do that anyway. I, don't do a probable hour like I'm an insane person but like that's how I come up with material I, just start like talking in my house and I uh I. Think, oh, that's funny and giver. This is material born from your podcast. Ever does anything start and the podcast and then goes - yeah. It has for sure yeah yeah, that's awesome. Yeah I did yeah well. It also helps me like creatively because I don't like sit down and like write at the computer, my hack so like yeah, because when you do your act, is it very much rehearsed mmm for me, I'll go up with an idea that I have and when you do man on fire yeah, just like yeah yeah. Well, that's that's the act that I've been kind of honing right, okay, right but all obeah, but all of those bits came from me going on stage. Thinking like oh it's funny when guys work out, I'll go on stage and start talking about it. That's mom! That's a wild way to approach it to kind of just go up there and be like alright. Let's see what's yeah I mean I, think I. Think though, like so much of it is about like that's what I say if I go back, going back to like being in a diner with my friends, I'm so comfortable with them they're my friend this time. Do you know what I mean yeah and and I think through years and years of practice and through the thousands and thousands of shows yeah I'm able to get into that headspace onstage, you know, that's awesome, so I and I love, it I, love doing it and it's you know it there's an old saying like it's, not what you say: it's how you say it and, and you know I think it is if you're that confident and I mean like there's guys who my buddy Bryan Callen. It goes onstage. She talks about horseshit for an hour and it's hilarious yeah and it's not true, but he acts like it is, and it's it's you know yeah. So it's those guys were the I mean. You know guys like that. Just it's about how you say it. That's cool I! Think that's a cool way to just hone the skill just get in the [ __ ], gauntlet and yeah and get it down, and it's a one time dude one time I was on a plane, I [, __ ], you not man. If somebody told me this I wouldn't have I wouldn't believe that. But it happened to me and I know it happened to me and it's true because I know that, because I witnessed it, this almost sounds like a lie: yeah I know, part of it is because I have to I have to convince myself it actually huh. Okay, it's it's not nobody's [ __ ] on the plane or anything like that, but it's like so I'm we're gonna Montreal, which is a big festival in Montreal Just for Laughs I'm, doing it again this year, but I went and they fly us up there and whenever you fly up there, since it's a stand up festival, it's comedy festival, there's always like nine comedians on your flight right she's sitting there with you, know: Sebastian Tom Segura bill burr, whoever the [ __ ] and you see a Chelsea Handler. Oh hey, you know so Adam Carolla's sitting behind me, I know I, know Adam, you know I say hey, he sits behind me and he doesn't know. There's another comedian behind me and I meet him and Adam didn't know him. So Adam Carolla is sitting next to this other comedian. This is the two seats I'm in front of him, and the flight to Montreal from LAX is six hours. Okay and Adam Carolla I'm telling you did not stop talking to that kid for longer than no exaggeration 30 seconds. Now you were watching this with like more of a curiosity in the beginning. I was like and I kind I know, Adam and I loved at him and he's great at those pockets all the time and and he's [ __, ], hilarious and I was like when's. This guy gonna freakin take a break yeah dude. He he didn't, he didn't take a break. He didn't take a break. The other kid didn't talk. It was just like yeah yeah and then first hour, I was like man he's bent over an hour and I'm [ __ ], magic and I was like I'm gonna I'm gonna stay listening, because I have to I have to find out when he takes a break right. I have to like see how long and he didn't dude land. He landed and I was like this [ __ ], and was he talking off the plane it kept going yeah he never stopped. He never signed a kid. The new kid who was on the road you know who that was hey. Did you catch a glance in his eye? No, no! Not while it was going on, maybe I did I was there was anything interesting. You know every was all interesting. That's something Adam Carolla is so good at that and he was talking about stuff and I was like man. This guy's did it's like. He had thought about everything already that ever happened right and he's like if you say target, if the guys like yeah q-tips is like well, you know guys just amazing at it, so so when you're, in that comfortable space, where you can just I'm saying like Corolla, didn't even need that kid to be sitting there. Okay- and it was interesting if you just talk for six hours- I could be like alright I would listen. Yes, he's a conduit of comedy yeah, it's always challenge, so you know and I'm not saying I'm as good as that, but I you know to get into that comfortable space to where you can just talk, which is what we do as comedians. So I feel like it was a version of that and I just had to work through a few episodes, and then I kind of I think figured it out after, like the third episode I was like oh I can do I really expected to do about three or four episodes and then just chalk it up as a as a loss, but well guys check it out 74 now so we'll keep going. God bless imma, listen, so I want I, know. You've probably talked about this so many times, but we've talked about on the podcast yeah and Logan Paul yeah hit me with that echo Logan Paul. Alright, we missed Logan Paul shot it because we got that he's he's something. We've talked about a lot oh yeah, yeah, yeah I saw you guys sell and we talked about it and it's like he's. I feel like that. Exchange really showed what a [ __ ] dumb ass. He is, or maybe even just like how damaged he is from the hole. Yeah suicide, forest yeah I want to go over it with yeah yeah. If you don't mom, happy -, yeah I want to go over this and and I want to get your thoughts on some of these twitter exchanges. Okay, yeah well, first of all, I'm curious, your initial interaction when he said it's important that you want right. No, it's not right! Now. How did Logan Paul come on your radar to begin with, because you were following, you are ready, yeah I, don't know if I was fault. I may have been following him, but I think actually I just maybe saw it because he's so dumb. You know what I mean yeah, so I probably just responded to it. Maybe I follow him, I don't know, but so I just write. No, it wasn't because because of the suicide forest, yeah great that wasn't yeah and how everywhere that was yeah that well yeah, that was just bad but and so I just wrote. No, it wasn't because, like a shot of dead body in the forest land, this is important. Man, no wasn't so it's less I was trolling him and more. That I was just reacting off of that right and I. Just thought, I didn't think anything of it, I just yeah, it's and then, but when he responded- and let me pull this up actually because this was like damn dog really [. __ ] try to make this work, the tsunami of Brian yeah, [ __ ], like what did you think when you saw that wave of yellow and blue I was really confused, because I thought it was a fake I was like this is not him. I saw the check. Yeah I was like okay, so I guess that is, and then I thought that's so many emoji he's so [ __ ] amused yeah, like that's laughing for a long time. That's not that yeah! That's like it's not funny anymore! Yeah! That's like the first two rows. It's getting a little sad yeah, yeah yeah after two rows, you're like oh [, __, ] man, maybe he's just mentally imbalanced, because that's why he thought it was okay to shoot somebody and then, when he said and then I read it wrong. I first read it I'm laughing, because I know why your comedy career took a dive and not I. Didn't read I'm laughing because now I know why you're coming so I thought he knew something. I didn't know and I was like. This is Garrison. What did I do that? I? Don't know! That's bad right! That's that's! So much about me like I'm, like did I, do something like my head is like because it's such a stupid comment. You almost want to believe that it's like, oh, my god, does he actually know. Is there something else right? Like yeah yeah like did he send me your illiterate person. First response, then no, it's not was so not like deserving of anything more than just just just Leon, just yeah, just like a [ __ ] off or whatever the [ __ ]. It's so personally, like with that response, yeah also. What is it in your response that you know educated him? So now? What like why? Your comedy career took a dive like there. Wasn't that much information encoded. My initial response right, yeah, yes, is that now I know because I wasn't trying to make a joke yeah. Just like saying something: yeah, we saw that. That's it. That's I, guess like in comedy like you'd, say what he did was fundamentally flawed right, but another thing that's fundamentally and I was listening to Bert Kreischer talk about this too, and- and this sounds defensive- and this is why I have not said this. Until now. My comedy career has not taken a dive right. It's it everyone's been more and more clearly a wounded child, but what Bert was saying and he's right? There needs to be some kind of true in your burn or roast or spam. What, if you want to call it so I was like oh I was like oh and so I read all that and then I read it correctly. It's like I'm laughing, because I knew why I now I know why you're coming to her, oh yeah, he's trying to act like I was trying to joking with him yeah. So then, I'm kind of I I honestly went right to feeling badly right because I was like well, you might have realized you're dealing with a child, but well he's 24, though right, but that intellectually like how can you write that and not have the intellect of a much younger person? That's true, but even further than that? Here's here's the thing like if you're gonna write to somebody who I write to people? Oh dude, this is fun for me right, I like to [ __, ], clap back and [ __ ] like that, yes to me, I'm, bored and people are like. Why do you take it personally? I? Don't it's just fun I like doing it. My whole thing is, if you say something to me, and you got your 14 followers and you think, nobody's gonna see it dude I can't wait. I can't I want to imagine the look on your face when I read you. This is your game really I, I love that philosophy, so fun. Yeah people don't appreciate the [ __ ] that you get when you're online, like oh Jesus, Christ and I love when you do that they get mad at you like. You should have known better yeah, but they're brilliant on black, yes yeah and it's like dude Oh waiter, oh hey! This is the internet like welcome to the [ __ ] Internet, but it's like when you sign up for Twitter, isn't know what what you dream happen that somebody gives you attention like. That's why you're here it is, you would just browse Twitter. You don't even need an account yeah exactly so so then I kind of felt bad cuz I was like damn I'm gonna I I knew exactly what to say: yeah yeah. So that was like what I said right Kofi. He basically set you up for a code. I was like, oh maybe I. Maybe I should leave it alone, but I can't leave it alone because he kind of took it to the next level. Maybe if there was one row of class, but then I was like [ __ ], it I'm just gonna, do it I did it and I was like that's what you write well, at least my career dies. You can film it and put it on YouTube I love that when you quote with him you can't even I, don't know either no way wouldn't see the response that was such a slam. Dunk, like yes, I, mean and look at the likes they're like on that one. Just like everyone. Okay, sorry, alright, so he should have been like. You know: well played I'm gonna go on my dad yeah, but he should have known. I was gonna, say something yeah, but but here's the other thing too, like you're you're, doing this to somebody who's going to write back to you. Who does this for a living? Yeah like it's? Not it's not you're, not doing it to Jerry Seinfeld who's gonna be like who's that kid. Oh yeah, going right back to you yeah, and- and this is what I do so like anyway. I did that, let's see what's next and then he just kept going, not gonna lie. This single tweet is funnier than your tired, Netflix special, which actually has a lot of money back right. Yeah, yes, and there was a lot- is at least technically breaking this down. If I were a dork, you know it makes sense, it's fun compared to that yeah, but he he admits. He saw my entire Netflix special right. He must not have hated it that much and in a way, in a way, that's really a sincere compliment. Cuz he's, like I've, enjoyed your Netflix special enough to watch the whole thing. Yes, and this tweet was banner and months ago that was great, but now you're, even tired, I, almost let it go because I couldn't because I thought of this and I was like thanks. How does it feel to have your name finally attached to something you don't understand? No good man and I'm on my phone, like I'm having fun because come on yeah yeah come on. So this is something that Logan and his peers do a lot. What they do, the little thing of like the 38 year old, it's like dog I, don't get that I mean ah yeah, oh well, first of all, I'm 38 I'm, not I'm, not sixty yeah, but right, but that aside I, don't understand the whole, your old, you don't get it thing because everyone gets to be old I. That's my favorite images. That Logan is not that young at the same time, guys hidden behind this guy's like I'm, just a kid for so long, yeah yeah. You take that I find what I'm 38 yeah, but the thing is I had loved to imagine, Logan Paul 38 and he is gonna, be completely without hair he's gonna, it's gonna, be a beautiful thing. I want to check in when he's 38, and then it's be like talk. You can't talk to anybody anymore because you're 38 year old man, yeah I, remember you said the thing I have it on my calendar like 12 years, yeah I, don't I, don't know the the the aid. That's not a very good argument, because who [ __, ] yeah, but also by its merit, there's nothing really insulting about it. No I just shows how immature he is. It's like you're, 38 I should I, don't I, don't what do I care about anything. You think also also imagine imagine referring to yourself right as a shunned it. So it really do you have a rock-bottom thing. Yeah like like that's how he sees himself is kind of almost like imagine being like yeah cuz. You know cause like I'm, a son, hey who are we fighting against because we're both on the same team here you're we're both fighting you the meeting with the spider-man in the spider-man, where they look at each other? That's what the [ __ ] he's doing right now! Well, it's funny, you didn't say shun flogger, no in Urdu. Not also is like blaming you for our hearing with him over Twitter when he was the one to to make it into this whole thing. As it's been broken down this not like there's so many layers, yeah, it's a lot. I haven't done it yet so funny that he used like a night like I. Don't know what I don't know it's worse, he's [, __, ], a shunned or lager or being the 38 oldest [ __ ]. Your life is basically over comedian, arguing with and the insinuation. The crux of this is that anybody who interacts with the shun vlogger like you're, arguing with the Shawn Hager over Twitter yeah, who argues on Twitter yeah, who does that so so that prove it deprecating in the worst way. Let's keep going yeah, you ask your fans to have their mom I didn't want to make fun of how young his fans were, but I felt like that because he brought up the age. It was coming age right, yeah, it's really great yeah and I was like this. Is it good enough to me? I was like this is funny enough to bring that up. I just didn't want to be like well, yeah, not they're, just young noannie and the truth is, if you ever do look up like fan. Meetup photos like yeah, it's pretty shocking yeah. Can you look up pregnant lady, be like oh you're, a fan? No, my baby [Laughter]. Anyone in it doesn't stop no, but here's the thing he I think- and this may not be right, but I think he wanted to have the last word, but he didn't want me to see it so that I, wouldn't even oh, oh old people roasting me so I was like I, think I actually spawned it today. Well, I'm, not sure what that the significance of the greater than symbol is in this situation: old people greater than greatest thing on planet, earth and I. Don't understand the significance right, oh well, at any rate, I love that he that's a good observation. That's definitely what happened. Yeah I think so yeah and you know he had like his whole think tank well, because he rolls, with a posse hello gang like to think that when they were also at the suicide forest, but then why do I only come up with those insults because yeah my friend they're, all I had other ones too that were so brutal but I. Just do you remember any no I, don't I I think I was gonna, have root of one. Was that gonna go like I, didn't bring anybody else, but him into it. I was good of you know what I mean, but I was just like me. I can't do well. You did it basically how about this you're? My son, like your [ __, ], daddy I'm, your [ __ ], dad this this way I was like at least I'm. Now getting sillier I'm, like are ya. You know, I mean like I. Just wanted I, don't like cuz dude in my head. Like maybe this kid I don't know him. Maybe he's maybe he's literally like I'm having fun making fun of the woods comedian. No I, don't know! No! No I. Don't in a way it's almost like a suicide forest all over again, but you're, the one filming the dead body and it does it continue or we have Logan go Oh Chris. This whole exchange is really really similar to your life. As time passes, your jokes get less and less funny. Sorry, dad yeah that one actually and the likes are getting us, but also as time passes. Jokes do get less and less funny, just because, just by the neighborhood, as as time passes, memories become less get older, you're, 38 dude, you don't remember anything probably and I, don't know I think there might have been a dive yeah. This is one of the best dude man thanks, but I. First of all, I first of all, thank second of all. I walked around I walked around and people were like. It was like I. Did the [ __ ] Tonight Show in 1987 right it speaks to how much and how much they how much they cared about that thing you did in the suicide forest like like I get I. Listen, you know, I get that what I said was. You know somewhat funny, but that that isn't why it got so many retweets. It got so many retweets because they felt emotional about the stuff that he did. It was a beautiful, perfect storm. Sadly, your new media is usually in mainstream media only when something awful happens, mm-hmm and Logan that suicide forced him was just so [ __, ] yeah, but like I mean that was this was a beautiful. This was just a perfect battle between good and evil. It played out on Twitter in this way age and I, and something occurred to me as I read his final tweet then, and in this whole this whole suicide forest part - mm-hm. This was the one. This was the brain trust final act. This was what they all thought about and we're like. That's the one, oh right, Chris, this whole exchange really soon, because he's had a set up. He dramatically. Yes, you know phase it out. This was this: was it this? This was their joke. This was the coup de Gras. Okay! Well, did they get yeah? We are gonna, take a short break. We will be right back with the great and hilarious Chris D'elia. If you go anywhere well, I, guess that's your prerogative, but I urge you to stay. See you soon. Thank you to expressvpn for sponsoring this episode guys. If you are not using a VPN in this day and age, you're literally insane you've got Facebook. You've got Twitter, you've got Google, you got all these tech giants. Peeking up your skirt, skirt, you've, yes, they're, seeing the goods and they're not paying for it. You've got you've, got your own ISP right. They know everything you're doing the VPN, hide your activity and keeps you anonymous and, let's be frank, the weird [ __ ] that you're doing on the Internet. If that ever came out, you'd your life would be ruined and it just takes one rogue guy with a VPN to be like. Oh look what Ethan's been up to when it be a ship -, exactly I, don't want you to know and I. Don't ever want you to know and that's the power of the VPN. It masks all your activity. It gets you anonymous as the Internet should be. That keeps you safe and it keeps all these other employees from peeping up your skirt without buying you dinner pound. It here's another thing: if you're in a public space and you're, not using a VPN, you are literally getting hacked by everybody. There you go into a Starbucks, there's 50 people there. You know there's at least one guy, stealing people's credit card information and bank statements and all of your private information without a VPN. You are subject to people literally stealing your data in public spaces, if you're not using a VPN and today's age, you are literally nuts the best one is expressvpn. It's fast. It's the world's leader and security. They keep your activity, private and anonymous. They are great for streaming with their blazing blazing fast speeds and it cost less than seven bucks a month. Give me a frickin break I'd, say that's a great price to pay for a little on amenity. That's what the Internet's all about. So every time use internet without expressvpn. You are putting sensitive data at risk. Take your internet privacy back right now and find out how you can get three months free. Go to expressvpn, calm, /h Street, that's expr, ESS, VPN, comm, / HD for three months, free with a one-year package fidgets visit, expressvpn, dot-com, / h3 to learn more. This is so important. You guys don't let it get out about the hentai you've been watching. Thank you, honey. If you're, not using honey, then you are literally burning money right, EULA, it's true honey is as good as it sounds: sweet as honey. It's the honey pot. Folks, just put your hand in and get some of, that sweet, honey honey is an app you install it. It's two clicks on the browser you're using you shopped the web, like you usually do what this does. Is it checks for coupons, your yeah, you ever you neuron like we are, and you just you're like oh I'm, buying shoes. Let me just see if this store has coupons on there, because sometimes you find the coop again 50% off honey. Does that for you, while you shop? Not only do they save you money, they save you life. If you're like me, because I'm neurotic to the point, I'll spend 30 minutes looking for a coupon, you know what I mean and then I'll go. It's like man, I saved 20 bucks and I spent 30 minutes of my life. I'm, not sure it was worth it. Honey saves you both automatically with two fricking clicks. Look here: I was shopping for shoes, swear to God, got a couple pairs, honey pops in at the checkout and is like I found coupons click here to apply it boom. Look at this 53 dollars save without even thinking about it. I was skeptical at first of honey. I was like: what's the deal with this, it frickin works and I love it and I wouldn't browse without it anymore. Also. Does she like on Amazon? It compares previous prices and sellers like the best price yeah. It tells you if this is like the best price it's ever been. If you should stick around, if you should hold it or if you should slam and that's the honeypot folks when honey's got your back, you will never overpay for anything on Amazon ever again, they're gonna, save you money, you're gonna be praising to the Lord Jesus honey. How could I ever done it without you? It's two clicks. It's free, there's, no reason not to add honey, get the sweetness, get it in your mouth. You're gonna get the honey you're gonna, be like. Oh, my god. It's a little sticky, it's a little wild, but it tastes so effing good and it's free. Your base is gonna, be Winnie. The frickin Pooh after you plug this baby. In so go add it right. Freaking now join honey, calm, /, h3, that's join honey, calm, /, h3, it's free! It takes two clicks. You have nothing to lose, give it a shot or my name isn't: Pooh Bear, pretty cut that part down. We are back with Chris D'elia. What's the [ __ ] deal with Lacroix, alright, yeah and I know. I know the day that I learned about Lacroix and I, and it's weird that I'm telling you this now because you'd brought this up. He so you guys brought up that you didn't know, or they didn't realize. I was on an episode of workaholics and before I kind of had Topher a fan that garea greatest workaholics episode ever sing the praise. It was our favorite episode and out up wow thanks. That's that's that! That's that's the one! Well thanks anyway. At any rate, it was the first season of the shove the show and while I was shooting that as Topher, that was when I learned when you had your first, the Blake was like man. Lacroix is [ __ ] awesome. He would simply add thing. Yeah like what is this [ __, ] and I was [ __, ], soda I, don't really good. It is better than here's what I here's my thing about: Lacroix they and there's not an ad. No! This is not a but everybody [ __ ] knows what Lacroix is yeah. It's like people, which is just like it's the Google of notarizing, but everyone know. Why is it that people act as if Lacroix invented soda? We are, you could buy soda water? Yes, a little flavor always always was when I came out of my male vers, everything that they offered you a sip of cherry flavored, so know what it is. So why is it? What is it like? French, it's got a French name, but I heard that in our life we didn't Tom. Tell it's not was saying it's a gross like yeah, the crew or some [ __, ] I, don't know and he was getting upset cuz. It was like you guys, aren't the guys in May who named it. He was saying they wanted to be called like Lacroix like the French way, but it's like, but you guys are not French. So it's like how the [ __ ] is a pro know. This surprised I was like oh [, __ ], you speak French like no but um, and all about drinks, I think what they did is like it's an American friend, kids were not drinking soda water was the beverage of of your dad I, always hated it. Yeah me too me too, and and I think it was a perfect timing of people being like maybe I don't want to drink 50 grams of sugar mm-hmm, but I want something more exciting than water you're right, none, the GAR that yeah before I was born. Believe this isn't an had, but especially well. Let me just say to equal this out: it's [ __, ], soda water, my 99-cent, Ralph or and soda water through the same [, __ ], not the thing, but here's the thing: I don't like I! Think sparkling water I, don't like it as bright as I, don't like it as much as club, soda I like club sort of better. That is the point soda. Oh I didn't know there was a distinction, if you're sure fuel I'm holding it like this, like okay, they need to pay me now. I'm gonna, put it down. Club soda has has a larger bubble. It feels like it like, like whenever it like I'm in a restaurant I'm like can I get club soda and they're like you want Pellegrino I'm like nah. Do you have it from the gun that I [ __ ] yeah? Exactly so did I [ __ ] stutter I've heard you know, I've hung out with friends who are like mmm. Oh the difference. Yeah yeah they're, like I'll I, prefer Pellegrino, because it has tighter bubbles. Oh yeah, really it does huh, so the carbonation is less intense. Yes, is that the difference it's like fine and the club is like if you chug it you'll [ __, ] your throat up yeah. Thank you. That's why I love that [ __ ] a little burn? I love it nice, because when I I was like 31 and my I did, a I was actually doing some kind of a joke with my family and I lifted. My shirt up as it Ford the joke and my mom was like you gained some weight and I was like knowing I had been 175. My whole life and 175 yeah they're tall guys, that's pretty well, but this was when I was 31 and so I was like. Knowledge is like I have a scale up there weren't you wave something: I was 195 and I. Almost passed out, I was like oh, my god, I'm torn upon severe I, didn't check mmm this long and but I'm tall. So like it down yeah, you know and and I stopped drinking soda I started drinking diet at first I and I [ __ ] hate diet, soda all of you stood I like it now, I never got used and televised a year. I was like dude. This is its: it tastes horrible at first. It tastes like you, know, poison really, but it is yeah. The thing is: when I presented, what the choice of do I want the original or do I want the back. Basically, it's do I want to be fat or don't want to die of cancer diabetes or cancer. It's literally the what you're, choosing and so so III scrape I was like diabetes, never tastes so good. So I would like at least I look good right hold life all right, even though it will be shorter yeah, and that is basically, if I'm I ever run for mayor. That's what I'm gonna use as my platform. Do you know what I mean like live a shorter life, but look good the whole time and as mayor you're, somebody diet? Yes, if they pay me and so so, I I stopped drinking diet. So I was like [ __ ]. This diet, this sucks, - right and so and then I would watch like the documentaries about how as I die and so I I started. I was like [ __ ]. This and I started drinking. Just water and I was like I can't just drink [ __ ] yeah. What am I we're human beings? We crave yeah. This is why we're on this earth. We invented things better than water. Yeah come on. That's like saying: I'm, not gonna live in a house. I'm just gonna go camping, I'm gonna live in a [, __ ] cave. That's all yeah get the [ __ ]. Out of here we made walls. We got toasters and microwaves, let's do all of those [ __ ], so now, and so now, I'm like alright I'm, not gonna, just drink water and then I was like. Let's see what this [ __ ] Lacroix is up right and I did, and it was the I waited enough time to where I didn't have the disso de and I was like. Oh, this has the bubbles, but also it's not just water low flavor, a little flavor. If you want that flavor by the way. What what's the flavor that I drink, where does it come for I, don't know is that we didn't yeah but I, also drink the regular blue, Lacroix I'll, just drink, regular sort of walk. Just straight: that's safe, yeah cuz! We know what the bubbles are, but like they're, like I, mean I, think about how this is kind of weird right: they're like here's, a mango flavored, soda water, yeah, there's just as well no mango, and you look at the [ __ ] thing and zero: oh no, a manual, but if you eat a mango, it's not zero across I'm. Just saying! Maybe just I'm glad this isn't an ad cuz, my boy, your [ __ ] for doing it is from Wisconsin. This is from Wisconsin yeah. You can tell people from Wisconsin. Look Roy may well be making millions people cancer, true yeah, we wouldn't know now it just came out ten fine down in ten years to be like yeah. It turns out that little kroy's, the new smoking in in in 30 years, I'm gonna, be like on a hospital bed. Just like I shouldn't have drank all that look cry. Sugar was organic. Damn it we understood what it was at least now they can take the cancer out. They can take the sugar cancer out. That can't take the look cry. Well guys, if your drink Lacroix responsibly and be aware, you know you could be cost something. It could cost a new disease that we didn't even have. Yet that's the thing about disease. It's just gonna, keep we're gonna figure stuff out and then I don't want papi common yeah I'm. Also gonna run as mayor at that path. Guys that's a killer platform, literally yeah you're, all gonna die. You might as well. Have me be your memory so on Twitter? Well, clearly, you know you got into a slogan, but you're very you have a good time on Twitter Lindsay. You have a trend where you, if people talk some smack yeah your reque-- time on blast into the world yeah, but I'm curious. This Twitter comments ever like actually get to you, because sometimes you know in my case yeah. Sometimes you know it's it's a lot. Yeah like do they ever make me feel bad like it's something like about a performance or a stand-up or whatever, like hey I, don't I, don't I didn't like what you did yeah if it's a genuine thing and not just like yeah? Oh you know you sucked a piece of [, __, ] or whatever, but if it's like I, don't know, though I I mean me, I can't say it never affects me. But, like you know, a person but like I, just I kind of the Internet is just like you have to adopt the fact that it's just Narnia and it doesn't exist or you're gonna go [, __, ], crazy yeah. You know- and my brother also told me some when I was a kid when I was coming up when I was growing up and he's younger than me, but we were talking about girls and I was talking about how I hated when a girl didn't like me and I liked her like and I was like. Why does that bother me so much nothing yeah! It sucks I want that I'd like to rejection. You know yeah and my brother said well. What do you think everybody's gonna, like you and I, know that's so so simple, but that time for some reason it clicked like that that isn't possible. So I was like yeah and it made it a lot easier. So now I'm telling you that was like a switch and I know it's so simple and I'm. Not an idiot I did that already how the brain was ready. Yeah just like it was like a perfect time. Yeah perfect, waited that he said it and it was just like yeah I guess: [ __ ] it. You know plus stand up when you're on stage telling 400 people a joke and it bombs right. You tend to learn to not care about. Is that the worst thing follow me on stage to this day? Are you does that happen? Still when you're like honestly, when, once you have any sort of fan base it it's, it becomes tougher to bomb because people just a very general thank you, yeah more generous like and they give you a better fitted out. I always say this, though you're not truly bombing a comedian doesn't truly bomb unless the comedian feels bad about bombing because you're on stage it's all about the state of money bomb bombing like if people aren't laughing and I'm like I [, __, ], [, __ ], you guys it doesn't matter. This is funny yeah. You don't feel bad for the guy right you're, like guys, he's just having an off night, but if I'm on stage I'm bombing and he frankly not laughing and I'm just like well anyway, see it then you're, like oh this guy's so well being on the stage, is so much about that confidence. Yeah, which I I do I know. If we talk about this on air or off air, but we were talking about it before maybe 20 minutes ago, but yeah yeah, it's about it's, how you say it and yeah, but it's still tough, though sometimes if, if like you know, if I get heckle I get heckled a bunch and if, if I get heckled and and I dig a hole because I'm like telling some guy off and then I try to get back into it, it's tougher and I'll snap back yeah, it happened the other night, actually um what'd. He say now. You know what I get sometimes I hate. This who's, like like mid Joe yeah like woo like you're, not at the [ __ ] Mets game like laughing, don't laugh! But if I'm like, if I'm like hey, so, why was that Verizon and someone's like hey, like you, don't [, __, ] or like I mentioned the other night I was like yeah I said some about El Paso and somebody's I will pass over and I'm, like imagine being a guy. Who does that imagine being a guy who is like, oh dude, that guy just said where I'm from and then having to be like yeah? That's, that's imagine being a guy. Who does that and for real lots of guys do that? That's [ __ ] to me! That's I'd rather be a guy who, like thought my own [, __ ] was his meal that guy, but to be one of those douchebag guys. That's like he said: [ __, ], Austin whoo, like you suck and you're. Also in this society, I wonder if he thinks he's helping you yeah, because then I roast them and then they're like mid to show better right. No man I would I'm hilarious. Thank God, I, [, __ ], just fixed it right, so everyone's gonna be worn at your show yeah. But it's like it's like it's like going to the [ __ ], it's like going to Ikea and and and that guy [, __ ] up the show and me fixing it and thinking that he did. It is like as I go to Ikea and walking in with the furniture and then breaking it and going and then being like it broke. You're like alright. Well, you broke it. You [ __ ], it up. I've heard you going rants like this. Similar I heard you ranting recently about listening parties, yeah dude! Well, the new thing. This wasn't a thing like a couple years. This is lost. We are man, dude, okay, so you made a you made an album. We can hear it anywhere. Do you know that you know that? Okay, so why are we flying to Wyoming if you're not gonna, be doing it? Live we're just gonna, be around a fire and Kid Cudi's gonna, be there huh eat my dick there's, no [ __ ] way, there's no. What makes you so angry that I'm intrigued, because you weren't invited into that? Somebody said that entrepreneurs like bro, you don't know me: Kanye West, [, __, ], knocked on my door and said: hey man, you want to come to my listening party. I, go like this. Hey man, no I will wait for this [ __ ] Spotify thing to drop. What is it that listening to music was a bunch of people in a room? Did it make you go [, __, ] nuts, because you know why? Because it because, because here's, why? Because I'm 80 and that's a [, __ ] small, it might be more 80% of the people- are just there because it's a thing! That's right! That's not because they really want to hear down, because if you just really wanted to hear the album, you just hear the [ __ ] album right, yeah, okay, you wouldn't cop a flight to Wyoming alright. So so that's really what it is and that's what I have this thing on my podcast, where I talk about that's what a [ __ ] CUDA is man and a CUDA is short for Barracuda and a barracudas if you're wearing jewelry and you and you fish and they get a barracuda and you pull it vertically. The Barracuda will attack you because it sees jewelry and it's just like high jewelry gotta. Have it that's what that's what you are if you're going to Coachella? That's what doing he's like moths. The thing let's go, do what you want: I've, never been to either Coachella or to listening party. So it's just fun! No, but last night I felt that, oh, my god, every every yeah everybody has a little bit of CUDA in them right yeah. You need Markham! You got here last night, yeah you need a little. You need a little look Lacroix in your life. You need a simple if you have to and I get it and to me, my life is all about fighting that as best I can right now, that's a valiant! That's a valiant war. Dude I have a code, man yeah. Do you know? Let me ask you this: what what about your about your shoes? What about my shoes? They're, not the Bell! If I do cheers yeah no I got these I was I was. Do you think that's a little because well wait! Those are Kanye's yeah, oh yeah, so you won't go to a listening party but you'll wear his [ __ ] go anyway that ship I'm right here I got him on stock. Ex I love shoes I'm at in it. In that way you can say, but I buy it I buy the shoes that I really genuinely like I and this comfy yeah very yeah Kanye. What shoes are [, __ ], you know our our intern has fake easy song. He's got a whole. You know the onion night from Game of Thrones. You watch that show no I watched like three seas like the smuggler. He knows all the like back channels. That's oh yeah, yeah yeah. He could open a fake, easy store, that's the guy and he should the guy who has the brothel? No, not him. The Onion Knight he's the smuggler. I don't know. Yeah I saw the whole thing it's all. Anyway. I saw a guy at the gym. The other day that had on this was hilarious. He had on fake Yeezys. You could tell well the rear. Matica tells guys on the side. It literally said: Kanye special-edition away. You know you can go on Amazon, because I was just so intrigued, cuz. Well, apparently, what Ian's hooked it I'm, sorry I, Ian's, probably feeling so bad because he's in so deep but I I'm, so intrigued, yeah, it's oh man, poor hand is why I outed him I'm so intrigued, but it because he finds like there's hookups yeah. So in China, you've got the people that make the the real Yeezys. Okay and those same [. __ ] will make the [ __ ] the fake on because they do it a little tiny different, so they don't get sued and then they sell them to people like on the Silk Road, so there's in-betweens and they sell them to America and they're. Not that cheap. You get those for 100 bucks yeah one like how much can I ask how many others you're gonna, get if you're. Well, it depends on what the market is like. What do you guys were those run yeah? So these okay? So here's the interesting it sells out right, my I'm out, they were like I, don't know 200 or something reasonable sure, and when they came out they shot up and I wanted to get them, but they were like 700 bucks and I was like I'm not to have. They went up to a thousand and I was like I gotta get them it's like they going so I paid for him, I paid for them a thousand, though, what's the most by the way I've ever paid for shoes and then the next like month, they rereleased now 400 bucks, but that's the game though man I did say actually I can I did the same thing with the supreme bag, oh you're, into supreme. Well, we do. We have a street clothing brand, okay and supreme as much of a meme as they are, and how ridiculous has gotten does make awesome. [ __ ] yeah, that's kind of the shame of it is that it's gotten same with Gucci like I love, Gucci and everything they do. But it's like Logan Paul, for example, is always wearing Gucci. You know lately. If I was good to you, I would prohibit sale. People like him. Maybe can't write like how you gonna stop that that's funny I do death threats, yeah back there, get it get this stuff. Well, you know Ian said then now he's gonna burn the shoes, I'm, sorry and I'm gonna. You know what I should buy a new pair. You should how much $1,000 new moon, then one color well I mean yellow what is it [, __, ] I, don't know they're cool they're comfy. So do you think that's the the kuda in you? It depends because here's, the thing I will say what most kuda the Dakota so like the cooter. So so it is. It is kuda to just go. Get the shoes because they're popular there is a little bit of that in me, because I can I know that, because when I see a shoe I think oh that's ugly, but then it grows on me. If I see it enough and that's for sure kuda hmm, but it is a cool show, so I think so. But thanks yeah and I know a lot of people. A lot of people hate these I know yeah. It's been a whole thing this year, but I like them, I think it's fun I think it's almost like a parody but yeah. But at what point does a thousand dollar shoe stopping a parody and I hate? Jokes? Ah, no I mean I just dropped. Two hundred on these, these oh yeah, the adidas yeah yeah, those are cool. Can you get it close up? You get a close-up damp, really cool with your shorts and socks. I am somewhat of a fashion icon, psychopath yeah. What's going on there, that's a a show you're working on for YouTube. That's that's tough! To talk about I, don't know where. Okay, no problem, yeah, um, here's something I'm super excited to talk about well, I heard you mention: I was watching your hot ones. Okay and I heard you mentioned Chris Gaines, yeah and Garth Brooks is like one of my favorite [ __ ] people in the world because he's such a goofy guy guys he's like both a superstar and also like a cringe. Lord, yes! Well you see the [ __ ] when you join Facebook. That's what I want. Why Facebook his inaugural Facebook video for so long I think it's the best [ __ ] video ever I want to watch. We wanted to talk about this videos been on. I, have like a whole list of like great content. I want to talk about that one's been on there for you a decade. That's not not that that when that came out and I watched that so my top lip didn't touch my bottom, you know he's rehearsed it like 30 times. You know, I want it to be like I literally started thinking. When is my topless gonna touch my bottom lip again like that's how walk around all day just job Gabe yeah? Well, that was kind of official. Was that Facebook? Was it Chris Gaines or was it Garth Brooks in that video? Who knows? But you raise a good point. Let me see. First of all, let me just for Tinley. You know give you guys the premise here: Garth Brooks, you guys all know: Garth Brooks, that's Garth Brooks, maybe give a short for the people who don't know Garth Brooks he's a country singer he's like the most fit he's like one of the biggest artists ever. Do you listen country, music, uh, no I, don't at all! Apps doesn't rip you out because it does trip me out. Country music is the most popular genre of music in America yeah, and that just sounds whoa. Most of us are idiots right, yeah, country, music is is and I'm not saying it's not for smart people as well, but it's the easiest music to listen to if you're a dummy mm-hmm. Do you know what I mean right like it's the easiest music to get I'm, not saying that it doesn't have its smart songs? Maybe it does, but like you can understand why a dumb, [, __ ] listens to it. Well, it was a transformative moment for me when I yeah, all the country fans out there, don't wear a cowboy hat. Oh don't ever have a goatee dude if you're in on it. If you're go the whole way, bro I, don't the whole way. Well, he only looks like the human body. Men of a king of the hill I mean yeah. That's who we're dealing and then Criss Angel right so I, just looked it up he's the number two best-selling artists of all time. Only behind the Beatles this world there's 300 million people in the country. Okay, five million live in LA I had never my whole life heard almost even a single country song and then, when I realized, when I'm 18, that it's the most popular that Garth Brooks is the best-selling artist. Ever the [ __ ] Beatles over Michael Jackson over to the number three is Elvis. Second, I had to be like real deals and Wow I. Had this real, like almost transformative like moment where I was like. Oh my god like there's a whole nother world out there, you just feel yeah. Also so really big in Canada country, music, really young, huh, yep, twisted I knew it all along, but now I've got evidence, yeah dude, so it's country, music, is yeah, come on dude! Well, this guy's a [ __ ] goofball. So this is number two okay. This guy sold this [ __ ] to the whole. Damn country people are getting so angry. I know these girls, folks fans but I feel like nobody, who's listening to the show the sister Garth Brooks, somehow the world is that segmented? Oh it definitely it is, but so so Garth Brooks who's known for his country music, makes this alter ego. Chris, Gaines, hey, don't even have your first ego Yeah right make the first one better work on Garth Brooks right well, I mean listen! He's number two true I mean he's not a [ __ ] Boy Wonder Man, but we also liked it. Then it would be number yeah. True, The Beatles would be like whoo. Yes, the [ __ ], who there, who also very Bend I, don't know I, don't you can say [ __ ] about the Beatles. What are they singing about? You know, needles, I, don't know everything, I not breathe. I know I mean it was. It was not. Let's not, let's not do a Garth, Brooks and Beatles I. Don't I, don't assume like the Beatles. Are your favorite band? Mr. [ __ ] listening party, you know what I don't I? Don't I, don't not really big on music. Really, my favorite is to park. That's it that's as far as it goes, [ __, ] I, like biggie, who would you like biggie I like to park? Oh so you still holding onto the garage yeah I like to park. No, no, no yeah, I, don't I like to party people, say Tupac or biggie. It's like I, like I'm. Both you can like Ambo I like to and biggie was I mean he was a great rapper. He was a great you know he his flow was [. __ ] amazing. Come on stop listening to music in the nineties, yeah like like, like here's, the other thing, Big E wrapped about his there were stories they weren't how he was very much the story. It wasn't it wasn't. It wasn't necessarily about his life, sure to parks. [ __ ] was about his life and that [ __ ] I thought was awesome. Well, I am a huge Tupac VIN, oh I'm, not gonna, discount Tupac I mean he's. He's got all the hits and much like Garth Brooks. They have a lot in common yeah every just when I say Tupac. The first thing comes to mind: is king of the hill over here I, don't know, but yeah that Facebook thing when it happened, I don't know if I put up a video, make it fun of it really I sent it. You don't listen: music, I kind of go. Go back to that I mean that's just round of strange yeah, you don't ever listen to music I mean I, listen to hip-hop, but who's. Your favorite artists. These days these days, I, don't know I'm, not that passionate about it. Well, there's no one right! Yeah, okay, like people I, don't know. Okay, I'm, like like, like I like like Jay Cole's, [, __, ], awesome yeah, you like Kendrick I, mean I Kendricks, fine, I know just what it's interesting. You prefer a cold yeah over Kendrick air um, J Cole fans, rejoice, um Kendrick is like Kendrick. The reason why I'm not a hundred percent sold on Kendrick is because he doesn't rap in the voice that he talks, which is ah, which is like he does like this kind of [ __ ]. You know, whereas, like J Cole he's a lot of times yeah he does yeah, but but but that's one of the reasons why I I don't I like that. I like the authentic right. This is, who I am you know, Ryan and park would be like [ __ ], this [ __ ] that and then come off and be like. So we doing this [ __ ] interview you're like oh, that's how he talks. Yeah dude I mean you like you're you're, a fan. I can tell you're a fan a very much a fan of authenticity, yeah yeah, that's what I like yeah I mean you have this whole thing. You've talked about on your podcasts, about, if you're being disrespectful, yeah actually being respect, because your beat your your respecting a person enough to do what you want to do, even though make frankly their line or like if I were to put my feet up on the table. I'm respecting you enough to be me and if I'm like put take your [ __ ] feet off yeah what the [ __ ] wrong with you I would take them down, because it's your place ultimately, but because, but but you are welcome too much yeah I know I understand but like I I wouldn't think you'd care. But but my point is I'm me being me allowing myself to be feel comfortable around. You is like the most intimate [ __ ], that's true! So, if I put my feet up on your table, I feel very comfortable with you guys right and I'm. Not it's not like I'm, saying like. Oh, you guys are so lucky I'm comfortable around you, it's just it's just make. It makes us it makes me feel close to you. It's like when I make fun of people and people are like what are you talking, [ __ ] like I'm, not dude, like my whole family, growing up whenever we grew when we're growing up, all we did was bust on each other. That's all we did all day long. My mom, my dad my brother, my uncle's, my aunt like we would make fun of it. That's how we showed love and like so when people are like hey man. Why are you making fun of me, which happens every now and then you're like what did I it's like giving you a hug like literally interesting in my mind and I, get that that's not like that for everybody I think that's different upbringing, so I yeah, I'm sense of did that. But to me it's like, if, if you are comfortable enough to be you, that's the most respect you can give to me interesting. There's truth to that. Do I! Think I, [, __, ], honestly sound. Like a cult leader for real well, that's well, I, I, wonder if Garth I wonder how God feels about that statement, you can join us and to return back to uh. We never watch it because we have yeah. We have to watch this yeah, but anyway, that you can tell what a [ __ ] goofball. He is oh you're sure, with this dime-store you know either either picture is ridiculous. Yeah he looks like a [ __ ] thumb. Man look at his face: [ __ ], it's weird! Because country like couldn't be cool, it could be yeah. Some of it probably is I. Don't know, probably these corny, the the kind of country I know it was just like twangy and yeah all about you know there was that one that was so popular I, [, __, ] hate. It was about I'm a little drunk and I need you now you remember that one the lyrics were so is there every kind of song is like. Let me I [ __ ] saw you once and you're like and then they're like out of my head. So you know what I want to do. I want to read you the first of all: it's okay I mean 250 million. That's too many yeah. Oh that's to me, actually was expecting more to be frank, but I I heard this on every [ __ ], where for a long-ass time, yeah I've heard it's a quarter after one I'm all alone and I need you now said: I wouldn't call, but I'm lost all control. I need you now. Another shot of whiskey can't stop looking at the door wishing you come sweep in my way. You know what here it is I'm a little drunk and I need you now that I don't know what that really Bob. That's perfect, I'm a little to the wrong. It's like it's like. Can you find a more poetic way to say that said, I wouldn't call, but I've lost all control. I, don't know what it is about this line. It drove me crazy, I'm, a little drunk and I need you now I like that. That drove you crazy, cuz she's, not even actually drunk just so I'm a little drunk [ __ ] get a hold of your line. You know what that is. That's a [, __ ] bro right there, I'm drunk I, need you now. [ __ ] out of here I realized that it's not no I'll acknowledge that too. No! No, it honestly. It is as bad as you thought. It and I agree with you. It's saying some guy who plays foosball would say all right, I'm a little drunk. That's what it's so pedestrian yeah! That's what they love a little drunk I. Need you now right up down and and get off the foosball to you want to get together sometime and do endless preview, a kanye album listening fly to Miami. This is just this. We're gonna have to break how many of uses a half well I. Think it's been ripped like how many it's a really shitty or reupload I've been 150,000 bucks. So let me so by the way, let's just say, look at the time. Yeah, let's just say before we even start this Facebook had been up and running for 25 years yeah. This wasn't like no there's nothing groundbreaking, but just imagine this guy is more famous to Michael. Jack Arthur Brooks has definitely said before something like this. Like I, don't know how much milk is, what is it $15 and you're like no you're, not you're, not you're, not salt of the earth. Yeah yeah, here's here's $50 go get a carton of milk like that's what he's done and you're like. Oh that, okay, you know what I'm curious about that. I want to check really fast, mmm, Garth Brooks net worth. What's this guy, 300 million could be worth more a lot of milk. Okay, that's like 10, 10 gallons of milk, so anyway lit amazing, a shake again fair. So anyway, this is his first facebook upload. We've we've introduced it another where's, my mouse button for Christ's sake. Okay, here we go well I! Guess it's official we're now on Facebook. You know he rehearse that little chuckle like we know what the [ __ ]. This is about. Wanna [ __ ] jump off a bridge. There were the thing is he's trying so hard to be authentic, but it comes off like you can't rehearse a chuckle like it's so [ __ ] hot, but he is official. We're now on baby wasn't had to be authentic and [ __ ] 40 years old. Why he doesn't know what it's like yeah, we're now on Facebook. Look we're now on Facebook. I really wasn't sure about this at the start, but then a friend of mine said something they just made all kinds of sense. No, he didn't. She said also just publicly that dude it's it's almost like a dating video. This ad, this is like the saddest dating video ever you'd, be like this. Guy is probably on a sex offender list. Oh yes, I like that. It's something they just made all kinds of sense. She said think of it more as a conversation I like that, all right he's like it's so calculated pause. Smile, chuckle I like I, like to think that he forgot about what he was talking about. Thought of it like what you could see him register, but I'm already finding out my own, so it's wiping the walls out between you and me and I, really like that I'm dude. The way he drilled that I really like that. It's like damn, it's honestly very weird. It is flirting yeah he's trying to [ __ ] me also, or is somebody he's holding so close to his face, has no shirt below this and he's in a hotel room. Apparently who says so: oh yeah, yeah yeah I, really like that I love, the [ __ ] guy being the walls out between he's a human thumb. Look at his face he's like just a thumb with features me and I, really like that. I really like that, really like that it allows us into each others worlds or I. Guess in my case, hotel room well, I, think about things. I want to post I want to post cool stuff slick, stuff, neat stuff, but most stuff, I'm gonna post is gonna, be raw stuff like this. This is arroz. It gets baby on the hundredth, try, Oh kind of makes my skin crawl. No, it's weird, it might be, it might be the greatest video on it might be the watching this again, there's so much going on might be, it should have more views than I think they were finding that it was the first thing you said the facebook video and like because I no one talks about I know not like yeah I mean it definitely got a lot of use because it's him, but like not enough, it not yeah. Well, why wasn't? This is what he's no see yeah this is? They should be what he's known for yeah? Well, because that's what I said means that when you bring up logbook anytime, anyone brings up card Brooks. This is what like Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook guy. You know Chris Kane, yeah slick, stuff slick stuff, but can only Paul Olli pause raw stuff like I like that I really like it's just who I am: let's go back and kind of enjoy this whole last cuz. It's just who I he's a girl, alright, but most of stuff, I'm, gonna post is gonna, be raw stuff like this. This is just who I am so. This is truly a conversation, can I say let the conversation begin all right now, I'm taking off my pants I'm, putting my dick up on the webcam yeah. It sounds to me like you're, not ready to let the conversation begin it just not yeah. Well, don't push back. Also. Did it even begin after it's just very the fact that, like a guy can be thinking. This is the thing that fascinates me the most out of for humans, for since my I've been an adult. This is the thing. That's fascinating. The most there's also my my number one nightmare to be the way you think you're not being to come across. He thinks he's being authentic yeah. It's the exact opposite is happening, yeah interest, you watch that and you think, oh that's and he does that's. My biggest nightmare is to walk into a rolly, understand what you mean yeah, but do you think that he'd, like he's this is clearly extremely rare? Yes, so you think it's possible for someone to almost be have that duality of mine. Sure it's possible yeah. Definitely he could be doing that yeah. Maybe he is but either way it sucks either way it's [, __, ], so funny and crazy. Yeah like come on dude yeah, how I I I don't know, maybe because I'm a comedian and like I, you have to let people kind of know who you are for it to work unless you're gonna do like a character which I don't do but, like you have a podcast, you know you know you're yeah yeah. You can't you're, not some corny radio host. Like that. That's what he is. You know, and it's I wonder: do you think he drinks Lacroix, definitely drinks coke and he definitely if he does good he's gonna drink sparkling water. It's for sure that high-end he's drinking soda with cherry syrup in it with a big-ass, green straw, yep yep yeah. Oh yeah, he's done really like that. Oh I, think glass I, like that a thin straw. Oh really, I, really like that kind of gotta get I hear it man this is it yeah I almost want it and I want to recreate it. I want to upload this to my youtube channel, unedited I, think I. Think I did this and uploaded it. Are you serious you did you recreated it I know I real I know. I said in the video to your oh I know: I sent it to Joe. Okay, let's see what I think about the Bryan Callen I, don't know if I ever uploaded it because it wasn't you, but somehow it's just five months ago, it's not even that long ago, oh yeah, so somebody found well that's why I guess it's official? What we're now a tempered I really wasn't sure about this at the start, so friend of mine, it's act too. Bad and I will say this operations like I I, didn't write it down. I watched it so many times from pash that I did it I, don't know this is from I. Remember I! Remember it's a straight feeling, an authenticity, no I, really like that. I can't believe for I need to acknowledge that this is for a while. This is pretty insane that this exists: you're in a hotel, right, yeah, I'm, immersed, well, I! Guess it's official on Facebook! You know I really wasn't sure about that. Opossums birth, they've, been a friend of mine, said something that made all kinds of sense. Okay, she said just think of it as a conversation. I like that know. What I'm already noticing myself is that it's wiping away the walls of communication between you and me. Okay, really like that. That line is an invitation to [ __ ]. Yes, that's a that's a [ __ ], that's a let's [ __ ]. What did I think Facebook was yeah yeah. Everybody can see this yeah for all right, each others worlds or in my case my hotel room post. What a post cool stuff slick, stuff, neat stuff, but I'm, probably gonna end up posting raw stuff like this cuz, it's Who I am yeah. Well, I! Guess! If this is a conversation, then I say let the conversation begin. That was, that was I gotta, say: I'm blown away yeah. Here we are right now, that's weird, why our own video that we're live right now, broad news being suggested Wow? Well, that's strange! Yeah dude, that's! So that was such a good yeah! You did like laughs. We were like hey. Let's bring this up, but not let every we did it meditate that I'm so glad that we were both found common ground on that yeah I can't think of one Garth Brooks song, not one uh, you know I, guess I can't either here God, you do rope it in the wind or was that someone else who roping in the wind there's that some I better look out? Damn he's kind of he's kind of looking a little porky piggish right now. Does that mean? Is that racist, yes? Well, no I. Just think that when you get older, I feel like everyone's just kind of gets bigger. What do you think about that in the don't see cowboy how it's just killer like? What are you doing? That's pretty killer, though I gotta start doing that I've realized like yeah the cowboy the bowtie. The cowboy look is pretty cool you like it well, do you like? Well, it looks cool on some people on some people, like people wanted to [ __ ] him I mean he was a sex I come this man right here is a sex icon. Right Harry was fresh-faced. My ever whatever I will never wear a button-down with no collar. That's like what are you doing? That's why you get your hair cut. That's what he'll never be the number two selling artist yeah yep, but what I am curious about? Let's just hop back on over YouTube cuz that I like doing this, where you can type the artist and sort by most popular. So, let's see what kind of there we are again for Christ's sake. It's weird live now: Garth Brooks filter view count. Oh okay, yeah! That's it I! Guess he's just he's been around too long. Yes, that is what it is. I've been around too long. 31:34 Millions is yeah because I [ __ ] migos has four trillion. Yeah Gangnam style is more popular than Garth Brooks, apparently on YouTube yeah. What some are those like, reuploads, too cuz, look at the channels. It's not even yeah. This is the social, the you're not afraid I mean. Am I tripping, or is this the same guy that uploaded your no on video? No okay, let's get out Wow. Let's get out of this course. That was amazing. I just want to talk about cars, I'm being Frank, yeah and I. See you have your feet up. Thank you for doing now. No problem problem. You we kind of talked about this about how you hate Coachella, you hate the listening parties. You hate the Woo's yeah. Is there anything on your top on your list of things that you hate? Do you kind of want you've been thinking about? You want to talk about a little bit, um, something that's kind of hit you lately recently new Anoosh thing, I, don't know I I I talk about it all the time on my and it's not that I hate it. It's just that it hurts me but yeah, yeah, Rosie, the wrong way or whatever, but I don't know. The last thing was like the listening party, like when I heard that oh come on. What's going on in I, don't want to put you on the spot if they easy are good yeah in turn, he he was at one of those listening parties. No en can you grab the mic yeah that was so in which listening party were you at kids, see ghosts. Oh really, what kids see Cody that was in LA right yeah? How was it when Troy it was it? A great transcendental experience transcendental what the [ __ ]? Are you talking about? So you get there you park right like a [, __ ], [, __ ], you put the ticket, you get you get a ticket right to park. Read you park on the street I parked like in this dirt field. That is pretty bohemian mm-hmm god I wish. It was again a place where you were just like yeah I just have had to find his mind what I gotta say. It was super, pretentious the whole parking situation because they made us Park and then put us on a shuttle in the shuttle drone literally for 30 seconds, we drove 30 seconds down a road, and then they kicked us out of the shuttle and like all right, we're here so Ian. You left that you omitted that detail there, like you were here. We are and they're like. Why not? We could have it here that gives you [, __ ], so just play, and and and there was a bonfire right in yeah, yeah big. You know why there's a bonfire. You know why there's a bonfire, because it distracts you from what a bunch of [ __ ] idiots you guys are because if there was a bonfire you'd be like what the [ __ ] are we doing here. That's not a bonfire, because a listening party is not something right. It's a bonfire! You need a focal point, it's more of like. There was a full buffet. Though there was so it's a party parties in the title anything else any other music. Well, they did play their music right, yeah, it's a short one, 20 minutes, because it's a short yeah in did you sense because it was such a short album was heard any disappointment in the crowd when they're, like oh man, I will say, the crowd and Dan can attest to this. I was dancing my ass off, but everyone else was like too cool for yeah. That's annoying yeah, even with the bonfire yeah it was like it was for most of the people there it seemed like it was more of a photo op yeah. That's it see. That's kuta, Hakuna, Matata, [Laughter], crazy man, why'd you go so why'd you go! Then what made it? What made you want to go music Anya I'm like a die-hard he's a super fan guy and I love, Kanye yeah, gotcha I feel like he's. Gonna get ripped forever since I exposed the fake, easy yeah. We don't have to keep saying them when I said fake easy. Where is that something that you were trying to keep secret not to keep like bringing it up, but I'm just genuinely hears that people just don't bring it. You know, I didn't quite catch that can you say the words fake Easy's. Like maybe seven more times, yeah I mean you wear the fake easy to the listing. No real [ __ ]. There's a video of a fan. Doing that trying to get him to sign! Oh and Kanye looks some eyes and goes. Those are fake, no way so Kanye problem. So even Khan! You, okay, because the fakes look good Kanye has that. Well, he makes it yeah yeah. It looks identical except like a couple stitches or no, but he knows no way. Ela would know cuz. You would know. If someone copied your joke, you would know I know, but you came up with it: okay, yeah you're, probably right yeah, wow, yeah, wow, yeah I, like the stance you've taken them he's not budging Ian. Where do you get fake Easy's? It's a process. Iii frankly was intrigued by it all right. Maybe we look I made them that's. The bet. I was the best. My jaw dropped like the Garth Brooks video I went I can't help it sometimes I walk by these people and I go everyone's getting out of control, but you know talking about kinda Matata. We were at pot. You know this club hobbies I've heard about it. Yeah we were gonna. We were hanging out. Our post Malone was at the Hollywood Bowl last night he's a friend of ours and we went with him afterwards to this club Poppy's and with like the whole entourage and I'm thinking. Oh yeah cause. He was on your podcast, yeah and so I'm thinking this can be interesting. I, don't really go of clubbing. It's so [ __ ], small dude poppy, it's yeah! The club is so weird the room I mean the room were in is so I. This must be like illegally packed Wow. It was so funny. Name is probably especially packed because he was there yeah, oh I'm, sure, I'm sure, but like there's, people outside lined up I'm trying to get out yeah, there's not even really an exit for people, but there's a lot of sure legal yeah yeah. But what I? What I saw outside was was a lot of people like I. Just actually don't know why wouldn't want to be in there except post law? Why? Because it's so [ __ ] packed. Why does he want to be in there because he's the center of attention he's their seller right, yeah, I. Guess, though, see that's the thing like I guess he parties right like so. If your party, it's a different thing, I, don't so like when I'm at I'm a comedian and at my show and granted they're, not as big as [ __, ], post Malone shows but like after that I don't want to go somewhere. You're done he's a young man, but he's like you're an old-ass 38 year old man, yeah, yeah, I, sometimes I forget, because I'm 33 and that's kind of [ __ ], like I, probably shouldn't even be talking anymore. Actually one thing that I learned about you that did intrigue me. Why is that? Well, first of all, let me say that I love your bit about the drunk girl, dry heaving and I'm like oh. This guy's obviously spent a lot of time. Yeah you know, but you don't. Actually you don't drink, you don't use drugs. You don't smoke cannabis. No and I will say that. Have you ever tried these and now I made preface this by saying. I always have to answer this question four or five times in a row, because they don't I've literally never been drunk I've, never done, I've, never smoked, weed, never done any drugs. Never drank well one of my favorite really ever surprises, but like more one of my favorite artists, Frank Zappa who's like the nuttiest guy of all time, and the guy you think was on acid. All yeah I'm was completely straight edge. I refused to believe work with people who use drugs. Oh wow, really I I! Think it's really cool, but I'm just curious. What's the theory behind it, so I don't I I! First of all, when I was young young, okay, there's a few things. I don't like to do the thing that everybody's doing immediately I'm like wait. Why the [ __ ] is everybody doing that? That's got to be weird okay, so when he was sort of drinking in high school and [ __ ]. Oh, why is everybody doing this? I'm gonna take a beat, maybe I'll [ __ ]. Do it later? Okay! So there was that. Then there was also when I used to watch like the old Batman shows, with Adam West and [ __ ], when with like penguin and Joker, would gas people that would scare the [ __ ] out of me. So I would equate like being drunk to another altered state of mind to where, like like laughing gas was so as a kid. I was also a little bit scared of it. After that, I grew up and I have a thing where I don't ever do anything until I regret that I haven't done it, which means I, didn't lose my virginity until I thought. Oh I should have had sex that one time and I missed out mm-hmm right because then I know I actually want to do it and same goes with drinking and drugs and I just have never felt like I missed out. You don't feel come about. I, never ever was curious about it. I never felt like oh man, everyone was high. I should have done it to the other night. Really anyone I do feel that way. I will do it. Huh I, just I'm, not saying I'll. Never do it. It's impressive, as [ __ ] that you have never even had a beer I mean that's weird I mean it's good for you that [ __ ] boys, it's healthy. Yes, all boys and I know I. Have an addictive personality for sure now being older. What are you [? __ ], oh yeah. What are you well? Okay, working out like like that's a good yeah yeah but I mean stand-up comedy dude I mean you know, and it's a good things addiction. That's like a negative comment. No, no! But like the obsessive nature of it and there's like I've worked out today, I could go again. You have any do you have like okay, vices now, yeah, what's the vice I mean come on your addictive personality? I mean I drink, so much [, __ ] come on. Hey, that's good, for you, mm-hm, remember not as much as I impersonating, Garth Brooks. That's what I do have three Glen Lea! Stop! You say you tell me you never did that at least a hundred times before you film that that's cool I don't have a problem with drugs, but usually when I do them I regret it really just because you feel shitty the next day and you're like no more here's. The other thing. It's bundle some of my best experiences some of the finest times abroad, but here's the other thing, though uh I feel shitty in the morning a lot you know anyway, yeah yeah. You know that means yeah yeah, like you know, when you wake up and you're like. Oh, what I do last night and you're like no nothing you're like. Oh, then, why am I in pain and why do I have to [ __ ]? So at least you have an excuse when you drink and sighs and you still wake up. No once I went started. Doing like the past year, I've been exercising really a lot because I wake up like that and I don't exercise. Always it's a long better. When you had held ours, we beard I'll, tell you what I'm. Almost there I've been thinking about Serena. It says for at least three years well in the next eight nine ten years, when you should give it a shot. Well, I have a heart attack, you'll! Think back now, you'll be old, you'll be the 40. Oh yeah I mean I, basically will be in silence, yeah that much well gonna exercise dude no I do like like circuit training like I, just like I'll do like like I'll run and I'll do sprints and then I'll lift the little weights a lot of body resistance, stuff and the trainer I have had a trainer, but you know I kind of adopted my own [ __ ]. Now you learned some of them. You know a lot I, also and I like doing it, and you know I like to sweat and I like to I like to spend an hour, not checking my phone yeah. Otherwise I'll just you know, I mean so yeah, but but you don't like it until you get out okay. How long did it take you until you liked it and how it was it gruelling up until that point, it's [ __ ] hard in the beginning. Man also have you have you ever been in a guy who exercises I've gone, probably at most, maybe like six months of being like okay, so yeah I? Was there cuz if you've never done it? It's like really [. __ ] on the only thing I did was swim. Oh my can that's that's hard. Yeah yeah yeah, it's it's um, I, don't know man I, just like it. I like to sweat and be exhaust myself see if I could do more than next time. You know well being healthy and looking good is [ __ ], yes, that also, and and and also it's like if I'm gonna be on camera. It's my job. Yes, I. Tell myself that too, as I eat a hamburger yeah every [, __ ] time for hamburgers are the best. Do you have a problem with food like do you like see now that you're exercising a lot just diet, something you think about I, do yeah um, I I'm, basically like really good all day and then at night is like where I'm like you. Let it go: yeah, that's great and and I and I try to I. Try to forget you forgive myself about it. I try to not like be like, because I don't want to be some look. Here's what I want to be. If you guys get a pizza I, don't want to be the guy. That's like nah give me a slice, dude you're, an [ __ ]. If you're like completely, you get a pizza you to [, __ ] important pizza, yeah, you know so uh. You know your your slice skipper, no I agree with, like the don't be such an extreme to like ruin a party exactly yeah. Okay, like the vegetarian theory of like I, won't [ __ ] touch it I was like and when my brother went vegetarian, if my mom still cooked something in in the pot which you can but let's say, there's beans, you want to touch the bean. So it's like okay, so you're asking her now to cook a whole. So that's when I'm like well just I wish you may compromise. That's all I wish you enabled me more mmm-hmm yeah! No, it's not! Maybe I, don't know you guys. Just yeah was she I wish she enabled me more. We just ate a breakfast burrito and today it's not enough. So we're getting we're about to wrap okay, but I have a couple of things. I want to ask you first, we just kind of become a thing with our with our show here. So this is something that we happen to talk a lot about and I find it fascinating, because it's so private and everyone has their own different approach. How do you wipe your ass? How do you wholly nup do use baby wipes given bidet you're, asking me about a lot of stuff that I already have severe opinions about, and that's great I like this? It's like I prepared. Well, how do you wipe first of all, how do you do it well, the way that I do it is I love, baby wipes changed my [ __ ] life girl because you go dry dries a whole mess. It's just not feasible, it's not. It doesn't cut it. You try to clean. You know it's like sandpaper. You ever believe from your [ __ ] from wiping too much. Yes, isn't that the [ __ ] worse, you see yeah, it's bad! It's better baby, wipe you go and dry! You end what you called a [ __ ] day now, there's been a whole debate about our baby, wipes that flushable baby wipes. Are they actually flushable? Now that's a debate. We have a lot of people say it's destroying sewage systems. Okay, so and then there's a there's, also a bait, because I want a thorough answer from you. You go from the front. You go from the back back, see I am an unusual breed I go from the front a lot of people they reject. I never knew it is so like that's what I got at you're been hearing that no I lift the balls yeah I know, but you bring it closer to your bowl. My balls are not that. Will you lift it up? You don't like at most I'll go like at most I'll go like halfway up the chod. It sensed like so much more uncomfortable just to be safe, back I. Don't get this yes, weird! It's like! Are you sitting or are you standing? Yes, you [ __ ] go under the balls yeah. Imagine what you look like people generally aren't watching me. Imagine how you look like like this: isn't a sexy and pretty like Oh? What do you got when you go but I'm just saying a lot? I get a lot of pushback but I. Think I. Like look I, you lift you cup the balls. The thing is like I'm like you can be quite comfortable. Don't you that I don't get about this? Doesn't your arm touch the bowl? What is nice guys know you raise up a little bit more, but what I don't get is, if you don't get it all you're pushing god. This is gross I wishing [ __ ] closer to your dick. What is that like? What the whole thing is just about how close is [ __ ] to my, but also I'm? Not it's not so much that you're bringing [ __ ] closer I mean you're cleaning out your [ __ ]. Are you bringing [ __ ] closer to your head, [Laughter], okay, so all right, so all right, so I, first of all, I'll tell you right up right straight up: [ __, ], baby wipes, I I. Don't like baby wipes! Why? Because I'm not ending with a wet [, __ ] dude it does its moist. It's not a baby way. So here's the deal I had a fissure or whatever, once years ago, a flasher yeah, which is like you know, that's why you bleed out of your butt. That's just a cut on your yes right, because future sounds like you're at your. You know: bro laughs! No, no, that's different! That's not you! Prolapsed didn't do that guy, but so the doctor was like just use baby western in a hill he was like okay, so I use, baby wipes and then I was in an apartment complex at this time, and my toilet would get so [ __, ] clogged and I go down and I'd be like hey guys, my toilets clogged and they're like oh we're, using flush, shovels, I, don't mean I, don't know: [ __ ] your whole world up so and then they were like they were like. We found that you're using baby wire and they were like you can't use those in this apartment. Um except I, was like no get better toilets like that. My daughter for me uses [ __ ] man I get that far, but you know what that you're supposed to do technically, throw them in the garbage, you're, not sure [, __ ], oh it's so so, look so so I, don't like I. Don't like baby wipes! I, don't do them! It feels gross. Do you look after every white, okay, no I used to and I started taking this thing, which I guess is psyllium husk or whatever the [ __ ] are like Metamucil I. Think dude I do white, but you don't have to what you do you take a wiping supplement? No, no! No! No! No! It's it's! It's it's for your bowel movements and it congeals at all. Why Metamucil did this happen to time up at all with when you started like exercising? No I basically asked my friend about it. I was like dude I redoes. If you, how do many times? Do you wipe and he was like - Wow, hey man, what yeah you have an [ __ ] yeah and he was like yeah I. Take this to their houses like Oh cuz I would write like 30 times, okay and yeah. No, that's fine I'd be like yeah. That's how you end up with a Fisher so so I take this dude. You got I wipe once and I. Look and I'm like do I even have to wipe and I just wiped, but another time for good measure. Dude. It's like you say you don't need the baby, wipe you don't need butter today. I mean I wipe. Obviously, but you don't need the wet one. No, you don't and your shits just go boom dude. You should take the cilium house for real. So let me ask you: I know you started taking it yeah and what how long after you started taking to do degrees and ever since then take it every day. Yes, it changes. Your life. Huh I'll, show you what I take out I'll. Send it to you that. Why is that? Not that revolutionary I don't know see Liam husk yep. Do you see how much you see you're like? Oh? This is a weird conversation to have, but this is where you learned the most about life. I mean it, helps you more than [ __ ]. What are you gonna do? What are you gonna? Do you know people are like. Ah, you know motivation policies in the world. You can. You can change your bowel movement right. So that's within our grasp. As of now and literally I, wipe a lot. It takes a lot. It doesn't. If you take psyllium husk dude, even if you eat awful yeah bro I would have to that's [, __ ], crazy, 35 times what you I could wipe I just keep wiping this [ __ ] was like well do now. Do you go in deep because you can there's different levels of clean, like some people are happy, they go surface on. They do like a wax on wax off I clean, yeah, I, clean -, I, clean I'm, not gonna, walk around with anything I, basically finger, my [ __ ]. It sounds unnecessary, I, don't I, don't [ __ ] around I, don't [ __ ] around either man. That's right! That's why I take a supplement for it, yeah well, I'm, on that yeah I'm gonna check that out and I don't picture what this dialogue is really yeah in Ewing cuz Tom we had on recently and he was like the bidet changed my life and the bidet I don't get because you're squirting water at your [ __ ] I've got an area [ __ ]. That makes everything worse. Yeah I would think so. The baby whoops too wet I mean you're squirting love with the water, so he was showing us this luxury b-day we'd like a dryer too, inter eyes, your fanatical noodles, the blows hot air and your [ __ ] I mean I, guess I better unit. Here you better hope. You got all this [ __ ]. If I'm you're blowing hot air out under like this yeah, that's how I end every [, __ ] yeah, all right. That was good. That was fruitful, Celia ma I got it yeah I wonder if we should make our own brand my face on it. I'll give you a percentage, psyllium husk! This is important. Let me bold and italicize this okay I'ma underline it as well: mines Metamucil and it's orange. It's like an orange container that I use psyllium Hut here. Let me pull it up, because I think people here actually have a lot to benefit from this. Some of you guys will use it because I'm talking about it on the podcast and you'll [, __ ], think about me. Every time you take a [, __ ] there you go man whatever works. This is it apparently it's like a grain or some [, __ ], you know so whatever it is it [ __ ] works great in the [ __ ] I just eat this I don't know, I actually don't know. Is it just fiber dude you can there's? No, it's not my bro. It's not well I, don't know if that is but but the but the the the thing that I take is not I mean. Maybe there's you know, I'm sure, there's stuff in it. That's like that, but all I know is it [ __ ] works dude all right, I'm on it. If it works for me, then it works for anyone. Let me put it that's what I would that's what I thought and I was like I will see and it worked I want to snort that [ __ ] yeah. Would that help I think it would yeah anything kind of I, get it in all your years orifices. So here's our last question this one we've been doing for a long time. Okay, if you don't have a response, that's perfectly fine I, don't either, but somehow you just never know what to expect. Okay, do you have any ghost stories or paranormal experiences in your life? No I dine with me. Neither I don't either and and I. Just don't I, don't be a Bobby Leon right he's got like a million of them yeah. Why? Why is happened to him? He's after me, once that's what I've known all the same people don't yeah. It's just I want to believe that you know I'm open to it sure yeah, a one-time one time I was I had a we went, we went to [ __ ], cute I went one time: I went to uh. We had like a kitten like Malachy. We were my buddies backyard. We wanted to go sleep outside the backyard we took a tent out. There went into the wooded area and in the middle of the night we were laughing in the middle of the night. Somebody we heard a low lady's voice and she was like. Could you guys keep it down we're trying to sleep, and we were like how the [ __ ]? Where did she come from it's his backyard? We don't know who it was, but it was a person just a weird thing that happened, but we was scared. The [ __ ] out of us yeah, that's as good as it goes stories. I could yeah yeah, that's great, you know well great it we did it I want to say. Thank you huge huge fan and I appreciate that I want to urge everybody to first of all go check out. Congratulations! Yes, I'll actually open these! These are oh yeah. We have a little. We have a little anthrax. I gave them to people and I want definitely go. Watch, congratulations! Yeah! It's on YouTube! On your YouTube channel! There's philia definitely go to Chris D'elia dot-com slush tour, yes, and get some [ __ ] pig gaming to your thing and you're, not ok, it's an do not at any any reason say woo during it yeah yeah. This is the old enough I get that it be known that ethan klein has demonstrated an exceptional ex you're, an elder of my colton commitment to living and spreading baby ship in the world and honoring. The congratulations show with the consent of daddy Chris D'elia. This person henceforth carries the status of elder yeah and there's your pin there to prove it and there another thing: this is nice paper. This isn't like a guy yeah. We don't. This is after like we spend money. This is real paper. It's signed, yeah daddy, signed it and there's a little pacifier that says elder, which kind of is contradictory. Isn't it yes and upset yeah but I buy it yeah I'm in there you go. It looks good on you well me about my pin on so guys. I had I had a lot of fun yeah. How do you cam yeah? This was great. It almost looks like a UFO and way too it does, which is to play on the whole court cold ship. That's a good point, am I still in you're, still you're all right, you're, all right yeah! You guys could drop the [ __ ] good anyway, guys I hope you had as much of a blast as I'm, so challenged. I can't I, don't know how to do this, but really I'm making it my stage. Oh my god, I'm covered in dandruff. Well, don't look! It's okay, I! Don't think that we didn't know and um. Let me just say that I really like that boy. You know this. This space I like that this podcast I, really like those guys go check out Chris on everything he's doing goddammit. Thank you all so much for watching. We will be back next week with I. Don't know who mm-hmm I mean who's, that a good pitch. Oh yeah, he'll is not gonna, be here my family, oh wow. All those are flight. It's 15 hours, it's 17 hours, some ways, 15 hours, the short way, oh yeah Wow, don't remind me well have fun. Mm-Hmm I save and God bless you that's it. The show is over thanks guys. Thanks for watching everybody, we'll see you next time on the h3 podcast, it's expirience, you can end it now. [Music] [Music].