Welcome everybody to another episode of the h3 podcast. Today's episode is sponsored by jigsaw out in theaters. Today, October 27th, hellofresh, quick stitch fix men and twich prime subscribers. Like you'll love, you now listen. We have got a really special guest. Honestly, that's why I'm in this out there I had to basically dawn my alter ego to prepare myself to to match this. Guy he's powerful, he's gray and frankly, I'm intimidated, so I needed a dawn. This outfit okay, now before we introduce our guest I, just want to say a couple things Jordan Peterson is coming on next week on Thursday November, 2nd. You can post questions for him on the subreddit. That thread is now up and for future updates on the h3 podcast follow us on Twitter at the h3 podcast. That includes time changes and all that business. So listen introducing our next guest, the doctor, the doc doctor disrespect the two-time world champion 1993 and 1994. Those were huge years in gaming. Competition has has honestly been off since that year, I just threw my phone. It was making sound it displeased me. You see this he's he's the most ruthless competitor and the online gaming community less notably, however, he's also a twitch streamer that has exploded in popularity. Frankly, he's captivated my heart mine with his violent speed, athleticism and momentum. When he first wife started watching him stream, he would joke that he was 6 foot 8 with a 37 inch vertical leap, but seeing him he is actually 30 and it's [ __ ] terrifying. What else was he telling the truth about? I want this, but in actuality, I do think that he is someone who has elevated the genre of streaming like until now, I have been experienced a twitch streamer who's done quite what he's done on Twitch, which turned it more into a performance part, but also being a pro gamer he's. Someone who I respect and appreciate and I am also going to take him out because I'm, the 3-time and I'm the prof and I'm here to prof eyes the end of the dock Dan bring this coward in bring this coward in look at this coward. Look at this coward have a seat because I'm the three times three time at what three-time world champion lawyer, 97, 98 99, you don't know me I'm the to drop of the two-time yeah I'm, the three-time dude yeah minecraft casual gaming, okay, first of all, I have a castle on minecraft. If my bullies didn't come into my server and tear it down, you would have been aw I, replicated the TNG Enterprise in Minecraft and you're gonna [ __ ]. On that, that's why they call me the three times: I did bring you some collector item t-shirts I'll, take it okay, I! Don't like that girl! Take a look at this. Take a look at it! Frankly! I can't see you I'm gonna put these down! You can't see! We got here, that's an eagle flying into another dream into another world. There's a lot of levels! There's depth there! Okay, the same one anyway, have a seat. Please! Absolutely thanks for joining us. Just a little bit of me. I do appreciate that by the way I didn't mean to disrespect you by throwing that welcome people. You sat in this chair last no I, that's where that's where we have I said that for all of our guests this is a professional set up yeah. This is where we do it I'm impressed. Thank you so listen! That's what I was saying like when I what first watched your stream, you were like I've got I'm 6-8 right I'm like oh, this guy's, a [, __, ] comedian right like ooh, six, eight, and not now that I see that you're six, eight I'm like what else wasn't he kidding about the steroid needles that I plan in my thighs every single day before I go live, not a joke, not a joke! 37 inch vertical leap, not a joke! 1990 Lamborghini, Diablo VT parked in my garage people say why? Don't you ever take it out? Why'd! You do a V log, because it's a collector's item right, like I'm, not gonna, put too many miles on it sure so, you're never gonna see it. Yeah I can keep going on and on and on. But you know everything is authentic, sure well, I had an idea. I want to do you. Are you up for cuz I wanted to actually gauge your vertical leap? We have a camera out there. Really yeah I do I need I might stretch, I might need to stretch out okay. Okay, can we go out there and do this yeah? We could dynamic. Stretching I know. Yes, yes, welcome to the three-time world. Jumping vertical champion. Whoa got kicks all over the place, so we are here with the doc doctor disrespect. We are putting that 72 inch vertical leap to the test. 37 inch vertical 72 inches I want I, want you, you watch one punch man, there's this one scene where he jumps to the top of the gymnasium and his head goes through and his body's dangling from the bottom. So that's know that's what I'd like to see. Okay, yeah, all right, let's see, yeah, let's see I, don't have a receding. Hairline, it's just I hold on a second hold on there. We go we're still looking good right, I mean I was like yeah, no I think we're good. We got it, we got it, we got it. Can we get some round applause, everybody yeah? Every everything he says is real, my friends, it's all real! Okay, let's head back to the let's, let's get back to the table, this is: let's go wow that was exhilarating. Alright! Well here, haha man! Alright! Thank you. So much for that display of athleticism absolutely felt good, I'm, exhilarated I wish. This was a gin and tonic. We have. We couldn't have listened. How do you play with these with glasses on all day? I just closed my eyes? Yes, it's nonsense! Yeah! It's just uh! It's all sensory! It's all audio sensory right and then sometimes when I do open my eyes, guess what I'm gonna top two in situation. Let me go ahead and try and win this game right, bigger, but uh. That is a common question that I get all the time and I had a fight. You know this is be straight-up, honest I can't see. [ __, ], okay, but but Google is working on some new prototype scopes with built-in LCD LED 1080p d3 Sony technology don't go into it right, upgraded edition. What you're looking at is a little screen. Yeah it just it projects what's outside, exactly it seems a little counterintuitive, but hey it's Google yeah and between you and I aim assist you're under like Robocop, speed, hacks and stuff. Like that, yes, cool! Listen! Do you hate this question? Do you guys? Do you have tall guy problems? What have tall guy problems? Cuz you're? Probably one of the tallest people I've ever met yeah. What and like yeah tall guy problems is a real thing right. It is, it is I mean I sat in Ferraris can't fit in them. I've sat in Bugattis cannot fit in them. Okay, I mean this. Is you know, problems right, mhm and for whatever reason, the Lamborghini Diablo VT was the one and ever since then you know the it's just little low-hanging fruit, shoe sizes, shirt, sizes, etc. But when you were at let ik mock turtle, necks. Like me yeah, you know: spandex material stretchy, not a problem right right, right, okay, fair enough, yeah I, don't have any of those problems, but that's good to know that you did you've sorted them. I love the headband. Thank you so much the gloves. I do not like yeah just kind of improvise. Okay, it says crunch time, though it's kind of inspiring right have you ever thrown a football yeah a couple of times my old man. Okay, you play football you're, an athlete right, I'm an athlete. What do you I mean I'm, an out some and literally God's gift to gaming and right? One of those features is athleticism. Okay, 75 yards easy, throw barrel, 75 yards, that's like the whole thing. That's almost the whole field right yeah, like there's people that need to kickoff. You know like I, just throw the football right. Yeah wow! That's really cool that you're, not that you just decided to play games and not play that professionally. Yeah. The money's where the games are at right, the money's on twitch money's on twitch yeah, not manifold, not in a felony yeah. Those guys are sorely underpaid, big-time. Well, first of all, before we get too deep into the Nitty Gritty I want to wish you a happy October 27th, because today you are not realize it's kind of a special day. You've got then happy birthday, no, no, no other things but I like where your head's at okay, your predictive, that's what makes a good gamer. Okay, not that, though I was gonna say the new Mario comes out today comes out today. They say that right feel like I did a stroke, but it sound I'm, good, right, you're, fine, okay, Mario, the new Mario comes out today. The new stranger things season, 2 comes out today and the iPhone X all come out today. My question, which one are you most excited for I'm gonna, have to go with stranger things, interesting simply because the soundtrack always played on the stream. That's true that new retro wave, you know right, you're, bringing me there. You know I I mean we could have gone deeper with I feel like you should I feel like I'm, sad that you stopped there I yeah we gotta get Dan. Can we get a recording of this and put it in the mixer, and we just we can make do some work with that? Okay, why aren't you or did you work on the soundtrack I did until I? Did it's just one yeah it's coming soon, it's Calvin's LP yeah! Are you fan of the show you just I am a fan of the season. One like season. 1 I didn't like the fact that I had to wait a full entire year. That's the that's! What really sucks about following because I'm, a guy I stream, my shows I, don't only until recently did I have cable money right. That's a new thing for me! Yeah I'm, doing very well right, yeah, but waiting a whole year is just uh. How do people do it? I don't know, and then, when you get it a year later, you watch it in one day right exactly Wow, that's wait! Another year, that's one of the things that Netflix does that I hate and love both it's like yeah, well drop house of cards all in one day, and then you have nothing to live for it for a whole year and thanks for doing that, yeah have you seen any other reviews on it. Yet are they? Oh, no I, don't know it's out right! I! Think I can watch it this evening. Oh okay, I didn't know like no I think what Dan are in is that available to watch right now. Thank some people have watched already ooh. Is it out right now, I'm? All right, you guys thanks for do some research on reviews. Let's let us know if we should be - I hate reviews, though, but I I hate reading my views, I, don't know anything about anything about these people there well gosh started. You know the season. One started off real hot. The episode wine is great. They recast this listen. Who are you? Okay right? Who the hell are you yeah? Do you have critics I have a lot of critics yeah. Do they sound like that as well and I'm, not Susanna Ron tomato by the way? So what is it? 94%? Oh good news, very good. But what do you? What are your critics say about you? I, don't have any critics. Everyone just agrees that I'm the best yeah I mean, like everyone just agrees- that I have the best shot in the game that I'm in the sniper on battlegrounds the game that I stream on a daily basis. Like everyone just believes and I'm the best looking streamer on Twitch right, really, no critics I, don't know I, think I'm kind of perfect okay, that's fair yeah. That must be nice. Well, unlike, unlike you, stranger things does have some critics apparently 6% of them who didn't like it, but um that first show was great. Wasn't it yeah really surprised me? Netflix has come out with some powerful powerful swings. You got like spooky alien ships and the trailer oh never heard of it. This is great. Give me a tough interview, the new, what's that movie, that everyone loves but I'm getting a heart I'm, getting actually a lot of criticism for my remarks regarding it, the Blade Runner yeah. What did you think about it? I thought I wasn't impressed. Tell me the truth. I wasn't impressed because it started off like this Wow, okay I'm into this I'm diggin it and then it just went flatline for me consistently all the way through the movie I got it. We've been kind of keeping this as a secret I'm afraid to express that's what we anti I hate it yeah I. You know why. I hate it when you see a movie like that, the promises so much yes, the successor to so much. You expect great things and everybody's sucking its dick about. Oh, my god, it's changed. My life. I cried emotional revelation. It was boring, nothing happened. Dude I was promised more mm-hmm. I agree with you and thank you for saying that. Yeah, the Twitter feed blew up and I heard about it for weeks and weeks and I'm thinking, okay, I'm, going to the cine appleís theater, where you can grab three or four gin and tonics and a steak dinner right and sit in a recliner leather recliner anywhere. You want in the theater and spend 30 $40 $50 on a full night right and that's what I did halfway through the movies right. Ah, yeah I wasn't impressed visually. It was nice, okay, yeah visually. It was awesome, but it really just and then like it's weird that people liked it so much because I feel like in this day and age. It's very I'm I like artistic, yes, films, but this was artistic in a way that didn't do anything for me. Mm-Hmm I don't want to give away the night seriously. We have to keep this a secret until now. This is the first time thanks for giving me the confidence about that. I appreciate that a lot means lots of man. Are you a Nicolas Winding? What's his name, Nicolas Winding ring he's a director of driver Griffen, we had an Finn I think is Rhett driver yeah the drive Oh everything yeah drive about Halle, rising anyways, very artistical. What do you think about the guy awesome he's one of my favorite okay and he has a very like that movie had a very similar style to the way he directs, but I feel like it. Just wasn't pulled off at that level. Right of artistical ability right. You know, I, don't want to give away the twist of the film yeah yeah, but I didn't like it. I thought it was a bunch of BS and I'd like to explain that in further detail, but I have too much respect for you guys at home, but that being said, get out now, listen! You are famous by the way. You're not excited for Mario can I go back to that. Tindle I mean listen, I deal with high-level free, a person, shooter high-skill open-world, interactive, apocalyptic arenas where you got to be the last guy alive and you have to kill demolish every one that gets rails and a hat that he throws that frogs and becomes a fraud. I want to talk about competitive gaming, the highest level try getting into the body of a Tyrannosaurus Rex as Mario as he saves peach from literally being raped by a giant [ __, ] lizard. The stakes couldn't be higher: okay, I'll reconsider, okay Matt, you put it that way. I might reconsider yeah yeah yeah yeah. Thank you. We're getting through there's a lot I feel like we're having some real there's a connection yeah, except for that haircut, yeah, I'm, growing it out all right, ponytail or duck tail I was thinking um. What do you call these? I buddycall Hornitos curly sideburns, but they're, not sideburns, they're right, you said pigtails would be up here. That's what I want that stuff right! Yeah! That's done you! So you are famously the blockbuster video game champion of 93 and 94 next, two times two times yeah not one year and then sec six, seven years later, back-to-back back-to-back consecutive. So can you tell us a little bit about those two years? How did you overcome it? What games were you victorious and bring me back there sure? Absolutely. Obviously it starts at a local local store right. So what kind of store was it just a local blockbuster store and we're all we're all good epics begin and just demolished Sega Genesis all the way through to the end second year, it's when they actually had location and a finish line. My finish line was marine world in front of the killer whale exhibit. That's where the finals were played finish line the finish line meeting at the end of the tournament, meaning that's the grand stage, the championship station, yeah, yeah, and so you know we played in be a gym, judge, dredd, Sonic, the Hedgehog good old classics, yeah yeah, so you had to not just be a like a pro on one game. You had to be multi-talented. This was a triathlon. This was a triathlon, interesting yeah and they had 250 tube TVs lined up squares squares because they didn't have I didn't have why back then Oh, No, yeah and a little-known fact anybody that, because the last game that was played in the championship, NBA Jam anybody. If anybody knows that, if you, if you play NBA Jam by yourself, it doesn't switch at halftime, meaning the direction that you played a game, so you're always trained to go right and when you go left, all the controls are actually reversed. That's a little wacky, and so in the championships. That was the big sort of dilemma. Is that who gets the second? You know who gets to be first player? Who gets this? Be second player mm-hmm, and so that's where I worked my magic, so I knew this right. I stayed at first player all the way through to the finish right, yeah yeah, and that was that that was the end. That was the edge, and that was the end trophy in the room. I don't talk about it it's under wraps, so it wasn't necessarily a skill. Victory is more like a hold down. P1 victory, it's it's a skill, victory! Okay, I, understand, I'm gonna, get the facts straight. It's a historical moment. Yeah I made JFK just they just cleared all the documents. For that. So I feel this is something. So how did that go? Is that a is that probably somebody killed him? I was all in the documents somebody killed him. Okay, some guy had a gun. He shot him I was like wow. The truth is out there. Man actually I, don't know I, don't know man I, don't trust anyone. The internet you've got like people on art, Donald people on our conspiracy, people on like socialism, all like picking little berries yeah. Apparently there was two shooters. Apparently I, don't even know how it's related, but the CIA was, like you know, doing some [ __ ] somewhere. You kind of look like you could fit. I'm the I'm, the one-time, JFK assassin and I say that's a joke. I have no intention of assassinating any presidents living or dead. Sometimes you just gotta clear the air though I don't know. What do you think happen at JFK? I, don't know. Did you know the moon's made out of metal? That's probably true like technically true right. That's what I've heard I've heard they record sound waves. I told you that I well I watch a lot of ancient aliens, Yeah right, History, Channel! Exactly! Is that where it is yes, they're, like I watched, you don't even need to say that I watch a lot of History Channel. That sounds credible yeah. It's a hundred percent. The moon is made out of metal. Okay, so can I mean expand on that uh I had a few gin and tonics. When I was watching this episode, let's see if I could remember I believe they found out or they they're theorizing, that based on when they'd lift it off from the moon and they shot the Rockets off to lift off. They recorded the reverberations or the sound waves right. Those rockets landed back onto the moon, hmm and the frequency in which they received was like something absolutely crazy sure and like there's no way that they could. You know if it was a solid rock or whatever the material is. There's no way would it gave off that frequency and they think it's something like either it's like solid metal or hollow in the inside and the outside. Is it yeah anyways? Is it one of these guys, the guy with the hair who's? Doing this I see this guy that the guy that guy yeah way up here so but but basically the moon is real, because iíve heard consider see theories people say: is the moon real at all, so you why I'm real you're, not taking it that far, does it exist or is it just I think it exists? I just think it's not I! Think it's a lamp till I'm the moon is a lamp. Have you've gone, that deep I think the moon is artificial element floating above the earth and if we can all get down with that yeah, let's make a [ __ ] show about it. Yeah ancient aliens, no yeah I, feel like anyone's qualified to appear on that show by the way, just some [ __ ] guy. Like listen, trust me the pyramids impossible to build. What are your credentials I own, a car wash anyway? Listen. You know, I'm kind of a videogame champion too I mean I was [ __ ] I mean a my glory story. After hear yours, oh oh I was it all started at blockbuster? Okay, not that glorious. We don't scoff. Until you hear the story: Mario Kart, 64, Double, Dash, ooh, not 64, sorry, Gamecube. Okay, you ever played that No most competitive game ever made double - yeah twice as competitive, really twice the speed in adrenaline, okay. We me and my friends used to play this game non-stop ten hours every day in college, I, flit early, failed out of college and had to do a five-year because of this game. Dedication, one two. First ever tournament at my college, UCSC host mm at our cafeteria, not as glorious as a blockbuster button people eat they drink there. A lot of stuff goes on hundreds of people in there. People traveling from all across the state to compete in this Double Dash tournament. This one guy shows up with the camera crew. His [ __, ] friend, is filming him because he's so confident he thinks he's the best. Okay, there's four of us four of us who are prob'ly. This is all we care about the friend who's, the worst he's a little slow I think he had a birth defect, he's the worst of all of us. This guy with the camera, comes up against him. First, our friend with like Down syndrome, whatever creams him guy, he turns off the camera, he's crying and he leaves because his our number-four cream disaster, all the like I, think there was like 500 people in that tournament, the last four people, all four of us in the finals- guess who won I'm thinking? Maybe you it was a friend with author with the Asperger's he were like he was on like a rayman level. Actually, oh here slow, but he was really good at the game. Huh I got second, though, so you didn't okay, but it was crazy, so I mean nobody could beat that guy. Nobody he's like Rain Man, he's counting cards. What year was this hmm before or after 1993 it was after yeah was after. That was that just is that the golden day I'm, the golden air I mean that had to have been the first LAN tournament right yeah. So let me what is what is a lot of people on YouTube who watch this? Who are just kind of like hey I'm, a guy who listens to podcasts. Yeah may not know what twitches or what a twitch streamer is mm-hmm. It's very unique, like people are starting to understand like what YouTube is what youtubers are, but twitch is still more underground. I'd say one of the part of the reasons why I, like ins, respectfully, do so much as a yeah, elevating it and I I think that you can reach like, for example, my brother-in-law, there's a 45 year old high school teacher is a huge failures. They can't even game and he's learning a lot yeah. That's the amazing part. So what is it? What does it mean to you? What makes a good twitch streamer? What makes a good twitch streamer yeah? Have you ever had anybody from twitch on your show by the way? If you don't mind me, we had um I, not we had like totalbiscuit but he's not like he's like a podcast guy, I guess the question I was asking is: have you ever had the face of twitch on your podcast? No, no yeah. So we have some high level knowledge to talk about. Yeah. Tell me everything what you need is. Obviously you need to be good-looking. Okay, okay, number one! If you're not gonna, look in people are gonna, be they don't want to stare at you for six or eight hours right, like that's just the fact. So thank God I'm, blessed with good, looks right. That's number one number two! You got to be an extraordinarily high level. Gamer I mean out of this world where people are a jaw-dropping. Every time they're watching you do 360 Snipes in a 1v1 situation to win the game. They go god, damn I'm, so glad I am subscribed to this guy in his channel right right. So you got to be an incredible gamer number three I mean everything else. Just sort of compiles right, like the you know, like I, show off the arena. I show I, give you a lick. You have to be open right, you have to be open. You have to be able to like understand. I could show you the inside of my bedroom right I, give people a glimpse inside my bedroom. You know I'll dance in front of my king-sized waterbed after I win a game nice. So that's number one I think I have an arena that looks really nice I want to do that at night, yeah I recommend a waterbed by the way yeah, it's pretty. Do they sell those still I, don't know. My mind's I've had mine for eBay 25 plus years. Okay, surprise that thing's not leaking. No, it's saltwater water and it takes Givens I, don't know its scientific right off sure yeah. But what makes you know you have to just be charismatic I think you know you have to be able to just understand. There's I think you have to be able to cater to a wide spectrum of people. You know a lot of people really get into the niche of a you know: I'm I'm, a gamer I'm, a first-person shooter I'm good at it, and I can kind of communicate with my chat and then I'll say the f-word every couple seconds and just [ __ ] and sit in front of the camera and then there's other people that take it a little bit farther right, like they cater to the wider spectrum of their demographic. You know, I've got people I've got parents sitting in my sit into my chat and I know that I'm on their big screen and they got a two three-year-old right there in front yeah. That's thought I mean there's so I can't be going like this and f you and you know I, but at the same time I could still be me. The Dominator yeah, so I think that's important, so I think you have to just as a streamer. You have to recognize like five, you know what is what is your thing and how do you? How can you carry that thing over a large demographic of people like and you know, I don't have the magical answer, but that's uh! Well, you you were streaming and making videos like I mean I was I was looking at your channels back like back back like day one YouTube. You were seven years ago, doctor disrespect existed on YouTube and were you twitch streaming? Are you streaming back, then? No I was on YouTube I'd straight up YouTube. We would some sketches sketches and lead into gameplay right, I'd commentate over the gameplay. That was the concept. Did you ever stream before? Like cuz I know you took a hiatus and then you came back yeah I know, I've never know so we started about a year and a half ago back to non streaming. Okay, but the absence between that and YouTube was what five six years or something lived likes it like seriously consistently putting out videos. So what made you think that, like most people are like oh I, want to be a youtuber mm-hmm? What made you want to go from YouTube to twitch, ah I, think part of it was the fact that I knew I had to have a lot more resources in order to do YouTube stuff. You know it's a little bit higher production at that time. I were just blessed to be around some good friends that we always had a camera around us, and you know we could just shoot at all times and I could just cut it up, throw it up on YouTube boom. We got something now it's you know. You know everyone's got a little bit. You know there are different directions in life, and you know I sort of found myself like how can I do everything myself and twitch it's pretty easy to do that consumes you got to do is to set it up, set up your whole set up at home and do your thing in the nerve just handle it yourself. So what? How do you explain? Cuz on Twitch you, your success has been almost like meteoric well, I like that. Was that a word meteoric yeah. You were like a [ __, ] meteor down to this planet, I mean for me. Your name just started popping up everywhere and I started watching you and I was like man, this guy's pretty cool good. What happened like did you really explode out of? Nowhere did I just miss something. I mean you've. Pub G right was was a big turning stone, I think I. Think h1z1, okay, I started with h1z1, and that was winning. That game was really, you know, kicking off, but you know those devs what they came now, but I was riding that wave and it I think that the pace of that game, the speed, the violence, the momentum you know associated with that game and being able to talk proximity, chat right. You know being able to talk to a guy in real time as you're fighting him really showcase. You know the personality or the character character of the doc right right, and so we just kind of ran with yeah. So h1z1 is where I'd say where it start, and then you know we're lucky enough to have another battle. Royale game come come on, and you know it's at it's at the level of where it's at so we're just sort of riding a wave right. Yeah the battle royale wave, the battle royale wave is pub G, just like, as far as I can tell it's like the same game, more or less in it made by the same guy same person, who's yeah, the concept, the whole concept of the game. Yeah, it's pub G overrated. What do you think it's pub G overrated from a design standpoint, no I think the design is fantastic. You know you you put in another map you put in some additional content with the game. The shelf life is, there is no limit to the shelf life. The problem with a shelf life right now is the is the ability of the studio to get it to a level where we're not dealing with desync and lag issues like a triple-a game feel like has been forever yeah. It's been a while, like since I started playing the game. Months ago, the game in September had sold 10 million copies well you're, looking at 300 million in revenue yeah and that's in September and [ __ ], and that's beta right and it's free pre alpha. What what is the terminology? Yeah? It's a launch, the game and let it be finished and just support it right. I played dota for like years, and that game was in beta for like three years and then also they're like oh, it's non beta anymore, I'm like what is it yeah? What does it mean yeah, but what's going, what do they need to do because I feel like nothing's, changing in that game and I'm frankly getting bored of playing it with all these issues? Yeah yeah I mean it again. They just need to opt. My is it. They got all the money in the world. Is that is I? Don't not enough, I think they're, it's it's basically I think it comes down to industry, talent, engineering, talent, I mean this is just me talking like from my experience and being in the industry. I think they need probably need a little bit more engineers they're working there at their resources around because they are getting close to launching Xbox, so I'm sure they've shifted a lot of the resources getting ready for that launch right again: I'm, not an official representative, the studio size yeah, but this is sort of meek talking out loud, so I think they're, they're sort of prioritizing where the resources need to be at the moment and I think they're, starting to understand some of the feedback, the community's giving them, and so I think they're they're, starting to shift the resources back on to you know. How do we get this game optimized? How do we get it? It sounds like you're, relatively forgiving of the company, all I've seen your rage quite a bit and I am not forgiving. They understand exactly all right. How I feel right? Oh yeah, on a daily basis? Well, you could to go back, as you said, your knowledge on the industry, because there was that five year gap we were talking about. You are actually working for sledgehammer games right, I, built half the maps for that's the college. Fair I know I, get it I, get it it's incredible. How was that like genuinely genuinely I loved it? Okay, so I love the creative side of things, I loved it. It was a. It was a fix for me on a daily basis to go there and just head down and just design stuff and get feedback and work with artists. And do you know design meetings and and play tests and I, get to talk to the creative directors and leads? And you know we formulate like strategies on map release like it was just you know, to be able to work on a Call of Duty. One of the biggest triple leg is yes, it was it was. It was a in a in a sense. It was a privilege right, but me as a person I just couldn't I got I, don't I don't deal with politics very well, I, just don't I, guess, that's just a weakness. Court might read corporate communication and politics and stuff like that. And ultimately you know that's that's on me. You know for for that something happen at work where you were just like. I can't do this anymore. Was it just. It was just over time. You know is one of those things where it's like okay, I kind of want to do something else. Yeah I understand that yeah I had a I actually had a desk shop for five years same amount of time. I didn't love it necessarily, but it grind it grinds on you right. You felt that, even though you still loved the job, yeah mm-hmm I miss it too I miss some change. My hands dirty and building stuffing you ever want to make your own game. That's an idea. That's been tossed around a lot yeah, it just depends on how all the pieces fall into place. You know like budget, you know who am I working with like yeah, you know, because you certainly want some very trustworthy partners that know what they're doing a lot of industry experience. Man, you want talent too, from the engineering talent to creative guys to people like I run the studio correctly and everything I keep kind of need to know that stuff. So important we're learning from kind of running our own operation on smaller scale. It's like the people's just it all comes down to finding good people. It's crazy, lutely doesn't matter how much experience they have or I mean it does. But, like just I, don't know some people are just you can do it listen. Why do you want to design a game? What are you thinking, um call it YouTube personalities, no I, don't know we have a mobile game that we're working on kind of top-secret stuff, but I'll tell you all about it. Okay, live right now, yeah right now, I'll tell you, okay, I, wonder: if they'll get angry who's gonna die it's taken to who's, gonna, develop it faster. We've already been working on it. It probably will never be made. What's the cause, I'm not gonna talk about it, it's gonna be awful you'll, be surprised, it's gonna be awful. Let's take a brief break for to thank our sponsors. We've got a lot of goofs left we're gonna. Take some calls from fans live whoa yeah, we've got the technology. Okay! Well, these things on yeah well pipe. Those in they're not on the phone, yet okay hold on a second yeah yeah I, know all right. Where do I park lane? Well, why is it being towed? Okay, that's going deadly yeah, no worries! So brief. Thank you to our sponsors and we will be back with the doc stay tuned. Thank you to jigsaw the positively spookiest film of the year coming out to date, October 27th, for sponsoring this episode of the tree podcast and helping us out on h3 to fulfill our dreams of making the god VAP. These guys are awesome. It was a joy and a pleasure working with them. So if you're up for a good spook this Halloween season head on to the theaters and enjoy a little bit of jigsaw, god bless ya. It's hot! It's spicy, see the movie actually need that. Excuse me and thank you too hello, fresh, hello, fresh is a company that makes cooking great and fun. For me, it's a hassle. You create pans. You got to go shopping. You got to choose. Oh, is this cilantro fresh who can tell I did go to culinary school, hello fresh decides for me. They sent me the cilantro and the ingredients and everything it's a joy. They send it all to you and you cook it. It's delicious. Every time and you're done. That's the joy of hello, fresh back me up you'e backing you up. Thank you, I wasn't! Well, listen. It's delivered right to your door and insulated recycled packaged with, and it's refrigerated as well. They got three plans to choose from you got classic you got veggie. You got family meat, fish, seasonal produce me and yellow. We have a lot of fun. We cook it at home. We say: hey it's hella, fresh night. It's delivered to your house in a box with ice. Come on. You don't need to be there to receive to accept it. You know what I say when I arrives at the door, I go hello, fresh, listen! My friends go to hello, fresh and use the code h3 podcast to get $30 off your first week of deliveries. Alright, listen you're not going to spend all night in the kitchen making recipes for 30 minutes. There's lots of one pot recipes seriously speedy, cooking and minimal cleanup each week. There's even a 20 mm a meal on the classic menu. So do us a favor feed yourself good for once eat a nice meal. Your mom will be happy, get $30 off your first weeks of deliveries by going to hellofresh, calm and use the code h3 pod cast. Thank you to them, and we've got quip. I love quit they make this snazzy tubular vibrating toothbrushes, it's a tube and it's very great, listen! Here's something to chew! On many recent studies suggest that having good oral health impacts your overall health. That means that, if you don't take good care of your mouth and your mouth goes to decay and [ __ ]. Well, you can have a lot of other problems, but apparently that can cause your liver to fail and also your I've read that people have just don't die. I believe that you skip brushing you die yeah, and the good thing about quip is that it makes skipping brushing difficult, because it's such a joy using this product as an electric toothbrush that packs a premium, vibration and timer features into ultra slim design and it's half the cost of bulk gear. Brushes it's basically like Apple designed a toothbrush again. You know it's got the same color schemes, I, guess what they mean is like slick, simplistic design, but to me Apple is just like marked up three times past its value. That's not the case here! It's like the opposite, so it should be the anti apple of design. I! Don't think most people think about that when they think yeah sure Apple I have a problem. I have actual problem with Apple I'm, not a fan, but listen. You can subscribe to receive a new brush head on a dentist recommended three month plan for just five dollars, including free shipping, I shouldn't drink diet. Coke before doing this, I got burps quip is backed by leading dentist and was named one of Time Magazine's best inventions of 2016 and they won 2016 GQ. A grooming award made it Oprah on her own list. Her list names Oprah. Oh, you know what else yeah exactly an amount it's like, but you know what else the quick can make you do with the oh, oh it can give you an oaf ace. Quip starts at just 25. No, it's like some people have described as being orgasmic in all faiths, okay, because you enjoy the brushing so much and not because it resembles a sex toy in any way. But it's nice that you know multiple applications is good for for a mouska, I would say right now, that's the old face, and it works here great, so good like that. Okay, they know how to price it's just vibrating to man. It's killer right now, go to koat.com, slash h3 and get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first free refill, get quick, calm, /h 3! And finally, my friends. This is an incredible product. Stitch fix men they're, like a lot of guys, you probably think of a million things you'd rather be doing than shopping for clothes, loser get real between the parking and the crowds at the mall in the endless browsing and lack of advice online. It's enough to make you want to rock the team same t-shirt and jeans, but you can't so let me tell you about stitch fix men, they're reimagining, how and how to find and buy clothes, and you never even have to leave your house. It's that easy, so imaginary, girlfriend it's your virtual mom! They pick up clothes for you, it's it's wonderful. They buy it. It's an incredible service! I! Don't think that it with sexual favors I, don't think that sex is included or companionship or love or tender. You know tender warm body to hold at night, but they'll dress you and that's halfway there and that's how you get the tender warm body so listen up. Your personal stylist then gets to work hand, picking new clothes for you, based on your style and budget. Five items are delivered right to your door. You try them on at home and you only pay for what you keep shippings free, both ways. So anything you don't want you just send it back. My friends, exchanges are always free -. You can get your fix monthly quarterly or whenever you feel like it, there's no subscription required. It's easy. The shipping is free. Why not give them a try? I promise you'll be hooked. You go to the website, you take a quiz, they say: hey you like this. You like that and they're like, oh, my god, all of a sudden you're looking fresh get this hello, fresh, you're gonna get a date. This is the beginning of the rest of your life. Get started now at stitch, fix calm, slash, h3 and you'll get 25% off. When you keep all five items in your box. That's stitch fix, dot-com, listen up, slash, h3 to get started today. All right! Thank you to our gracious lovely sponsors for help and support us. If you are in the market for any of those, please consider supporting them to help support the show. With that being said, let's get right back into the disks. Respect with the doc. Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast live here with the the doc. Mr. to time, mister disrespect may I call you that - time to time, / - time to time. Okay, all right yeah glad we got that cleared up. Let's take some calls from the people, the good people out there. Let's take a call from chicken, Derby chicken Derby talk to me and tell me what is good. My my dog, hey. What's poppin dude chicken was just wondering uh what you think fortnight like can I compete with pub G or will the standard fortnight? What kind of game is fortnight fortnight say a battle royale game, but if, if chicken wants to answer that good okay, so it's like a it's a clone, can we call it a cologne? Let's call it yeah all right clones. Thank you for your question. Chicken appreciate you papa bless! You! The dead thing is not gonna like clone their clones. Okay, I'm. Just taking that thanks man. Do you have any stake in fortnight? I I, don't you know those guys they're knowns? Okay? So what say, anyway? What do you think about the game? I think it's fantastic I mean that okay, it's it's! It's a game, obviously number one optimized, hmm, and that is why its popularity is just like stream. I kept trying yeah you'll love it. If you like pub G you'll like fortnight, you'll love it because you're, probably terrible at video games and it's one of those games. You can easily pick up right, yeah dan. Can you bring in the Gamecube? Please double dash on this television double dash. Does that mean you have a doodoo? No, it means you, you can't. It means you're gonna have to double dash to keep up with me. Okay, the one time all right, but three times previously. Ninety four five and six: oh okay, I've lead back to anyway. So four nights, good four nights, great I, think I think this is the shelf life of the game. It's really early, so I, don't know I, don't know where the direction of where they're gonna take the game. Right now you got one map, it's easy to jump into everyone's loving it it's an optimized game. They have skins that are coming out. Halloween skins people are loving that from a competitive standpoint, I, don't know how competitive the game is or can be, because there are tiered weapons and whenever you introduce randomized to tiered weapons. It's it becomes a and I've talked about it on my stream before, and this is one of the reason why I don't necessarily play it all the time. I just haven't gotten into it enough yet, but you know I'd hate to play a guy who's as good as me or as equal as me yeah, and he has the same weapon as me, but guess what he has. The gold weapon and I have the silver weapon. So they have like how do you get the gold? What random it's random, looting, yeah and to me I mean I've said it from day I mean I've been saying it for years, even working at sledgehammer games. You could and that's one thing that we did at sledgehammer games was eliminate any randomization in the game. Okay, yeah the randomization takes away from the competitors, yeah yeah and but at the same time I mean you got IC pro players, Call of Duty players playing fortnight. You know Pro Halo players, I mean just hike, high-level, PC players playing the hell out of fortnight and I. Think it's because again it's optimized, it's fast-paced and it's fun. Do you think that pub G is a is a good competitive game? It's it's commits competitive to, in a sense that it has a certain level of depth to the gameplay, with scopes and leading bullet lead and all that stuff right. But they're still the element like and I talked about it too, and this is up for debate- is they'd still randomized loot like a fight land at this house, I, don't know, what's gonna, be in the house right um. That is super annoying about the game. It's like. Sometimes you can just search a whole village yeah and you yeah nada I think there should be I. Think if battlegrounds wants to take it to the level that they want to take it at even from a commentating standpoint like commentators, the problem I think with Battle Royale games is that the game starts off everyone's flying in right and when they fly in they land as a commentator. What's the story that you're trying to tell well the only story that you're really trying to tell is: okay, that's TSM and they're. On the south end, they're gonna look at looting the military base, we'll see what comes of that. What's you know blow it slow start, it's slow start and there's not much of a narrative to it right in it. But if you were to, if you're, to take a look at the fact that, like a let's let's, if there was set loot in this map and everyone was landing down- and you see two teams going to an area as a commentator, you have knowledge like a there's where the car the sniper is and there's a level three helmet there. You can actually spectate that and figure out which team gets, that a quantity and getting thinner yes and there's a narrative to talk about sure. So I think it seems like they just need a completely different mode of playing to make it an actual high level crib game, yeah yeah. They should pray. That seems like within reason. They should at least try it out yeah. They shouldn't see how its received. So when you, when I, hear you describing what you think is a high level competitive game. My mind goes to like csgo: are you a fan of that game? I'm a fan of csgo yeah, yeah I'm, a fan of csgo I. Think the one thing with csgo for me. Obviously, its 1516 year old game, I didn't personally grow up playing the hell out of it. I I've actually recently got into playing really yeah burst stream csgo ice cream. What once in a while now? Are you good at it and I'm the best sniper in the game right, yeah I played a game just to get this the OP? That's it right. I'll go handgun, handgun, handgun, handgun I. Finally, I could buy the OP. Thank you so you're that guy I'm that guy I, like that guy yeah I'm, that guy too um I had totalbiscuit on the previous episode. He was talking about competitive gaming too, and he I think he we agreed between the two of us that csgo might be the best competitive game ever made because it's it's been around for so long. It's still so heavily played and it pretty much fits all the criteria you described of being like not random. There's a story to tell there are certain places that you, everyone converges on yeah and I mean we have even talked about level design. That's a whole! That's your expertise, right, yeah, there's like systems right there, systems, there's player, mechanics and then there's like the actual level design aspect of a lot of games right. Do you think that level design is kind of like unappreciated, I think so well, I think I think level design was. It seemed like it was valued a long time ago. I mean you saw great I mean Counter Strike levels, so this day are same same, but there's still like the best right, because they're so well balanced and you look at old, Halo Maps. You know like Halo, 2 Maps and you know, and they're caught, there's a reason why those old ones are starting to still be recreated, even with all the new halos coming out or whatever I just think, there's I think I, don't know I, don't know why. But it seems like. Oh the older maps, it seems like everything now is, is catering to the wrong to the wrong reasons. Pacing of the game. Being able to like right out of spawn you're able to engage, combat a lot quicker, so it's catering to a wider spectrum of people rather than like the you know, trying to introduce that skill gap. So, but in like what game are you? Are you thinking I'm in particular, that does that in terms of what, like one, that like? Are there new levels in csgo that you think aren't as good as the old ones? And it's just like catering to instant conflict? Oh well, you see, I, don't have too much experience with some of the new counter-strike DLC stuff. That's come out, I think they're fun to play, but I don't know, I, think the pacing and the knowledge of the old-school Maps is are very unique mm-hmm. It is pretty interesting that, like dust de dust2, all these these maps been played for so long yeah, and it really is interesting how you, as a gamer, it's like. If the map is good, you don't realize it's like. If the map designer is good, they don't get any price and if it sucks, they get [ __ ] yeah, it's kind of like the gun. There's no complaining yeah have you played cop head if you want to get in on the most competitive, cutting-edge games, I have a limited supply of monitors and keyboards you'll break a lot playing that, probably all right. Let's take another call from the Great and illustrious Ryan Gardner hello. What I speak to me doing good? How are you bud I'm doing great thanks for asking? So why wouldn't to ask was whether you fought there any current or upcoming games that you see more of the potentials gained a lot of attention, switch or YouTube great question thanks man appreciate you, yes, ma'am great question, because I'm trying to find those games, yeah I'm, trying to find those games I had a lot of uh. Here's the thing debt like that and I think that's the dilemma of of streaming on Twitch and the state of the the industry itself is destiny. To is the perfect example: fantastic, triple a game beautifully designed from the you know the PvE to the PvP aspects of the game like it feels good. It's felt like it just there's a lot of depth. Destiny to I mean it's amazing, actually I'm I play to yet, but I want to try it PC. Okay, do PC yeah! The problem is, is a watchable. Is it a spectating thing and from what I've seen on twitch? Thus far since its launched a couple days ago, I I I'm, not seeing people aren't watching it, they aren't watching the enthusiasm is in there as a spectator, and it's it's very interesting like what is that next game? That is well that as a gamer I want to play and the streamers the you know that the people that it's good for everyone, it's gonna, be good for everyone. So what is it about pub Cheetham? It is so exhilarating to wash because I almost don't even understand the success of the game. I don't think it's. There is exhilarating. The exhilaration of watching I. Think it's more of the narrative. That's behind it. A I give to watch this guy from point A. He drops in with nothing and it's a 35 40 minute game. If this guy he gets into the last one v1 situation to win it, that's fun and you watch this story and it's a lot of these like every every time you land, it's gonna, be a brand new story right yeah, that's really what I like is that I don't need to be a gamer to understand what you're doing in the game right like I, see it's very clear to me if you're doing good or not, for example, when you play something like Starcraft I have no idea or even yeah, overwatch I, don't really know. How are you doing if I'm watching and there's one simple like piece of data? That's all that's as a spectator! If you don't even play the game, that's all you need to know is that how many people are left, it's that number in the top right and it just goes down it goes down. It goes down. You got to make a game. Do it I think you got the X Factor, you know. What's going there, I'm standing by okay, I'll, give me money: okay, yeah, like okay, like I'll, give you like 500 bucks, title the game, Lambos and steroids: okay, yeah, okay, I'm out I, have $500 check right. Damn right, this minute checked! Well, that's all you need right. That's all games gone yeah, good that'll get in the door. You know what I've noticed too about pub G, because you were saying like the games that people are making now are designed for like instant conflict and instant action. Mm-Hmm, but pub G I think what's great about it as a spectator sport and even as those streamers at there is a lot of downtime. So you have time to like interact with the audience. That's a yes still play it's a great point, absolutely yeah! You can looting like the beginning of the game. If you're, not if you're, not the type of gamer that lands in a hot spot, you know you land somewhere else. It's like okay, I can casually loot. We can interact the convenient donation subs whatever, and you know you feel, like you're part of your community in the community, feels like you're, they're part of the game and what's going on with the broadcasting, was really just like a perfect storm. I feel like and just exploded, yeah big time, 300 million shekels, actually much more than that was ain't worth. What dollars are trust me folks me and Ella have streamed before on Twitch and it is brutally exhausting we found like will stream for like three or four hours. Do you get up and stretch no I order, pizza, yeah, three sons, cuz I, take my guys. I, take everyone to the again to you know to the locker room. This is like Daddy club locker room. Oh, go through nice little stretch, routine people like there's a static stretch, dynamic stretching. Oh that's, okay, yeah! So that's what helps you get! Yeah, absolutely yeah and again I talk about it all the time it's I mean steroids is illegal steroids from one of the hots. What oh yeah I heard. They have good steroids. Oh yeah and Elise go! That's where my parents live yeah yeah, they can great great place, we'll talk about it out. First yeah they used to live in Jalisco and they moved back to the States. After someone someone's had a grenade fight and their neighborhood, oh those guys got some really great steroids by the sound of it is killer out there, but I feel like it's exhausting, also mentally, not really something that like sometimes I flag after with dream and like there's, like still noise in my head, like when you come back from a club cuz, it's just so intense like well, did chat in the comments: headphones, yeah, high intensity, stuff, music playing the whole time screaming and yelling and you're on I mean you're on the whole time, and when you, when you're off it's like it's a deep breath, it's wow! It's fun, though it's fun! How do you do it? Every day, I see rise, steroids, spin, your spin class and steroids. That should be the title of your autobiography. What do you think about an IRL stream in a spin class? I? Think your fans would love to watch. Ok, do you know what they're doing I'm won't be there? Your fans will love it. Don't you want me to join you in the spin class? Ok, do we wear this where what like do we both wear this, where this is what I wear every day? So it's up to you! If you want to wear that, yes, 100% cool yeah, you need that there yeah there's not a lot of shady characters. It's like Jazzercise me meets bicycling. Alright, how do you I'm curious, like you play you pumped geez you're, making you play it a lot. A lot. Do you still have fun playing it or is there a certain blend of you? Do it for the sake of your job, because you know most, your fans probably want to watch. You play punky right yeah. So is there a point where you just hate the game so much, but you keep playing it just because you know that's what your fans want to watch. Ah I play the hell out of it, because it's the only thing. That's out there, it's just it's just the game. I'll, try to go back to h1z1 about h1z1 I get stream sniped, it's it's! Not it's! Just not even playing I mean it's just H, wasn't even the speed of the game. I love the momentum, everything but right when you land I mean it's like. If I don't land in your cop car I'm gonna be swamped in ten seconds, and why is it so much worse on that yeah? Damn cuz, it's just the speed of the game. You smaller map, higher speed, um, it's it's more of like all. You need is a AR and you can go. You know you landed battlegrounds, you don't like the house, you go into. You might find a newsie. If not you just find a little the armor. Let's go to the next house, so many layers, the depth of the game, is you know it's a lot deeper. Each one I'll use a helmet, Oh slam, yeah the golden slam. Getting the cop car go home, is fun to watch I, don't know anything about that game and again talking about spectators. I watched you play that game. It's it's a thrill. It is you're zooming around you got a shotgun you're talking, [ __, ], ah spicy. Yes, the proximity chat. I miss it because I like to remind these a little chubby, cheeked, wannabe, unathletic, pigeon-toed sprintin gamers right what the two times all about yeah for sure yeah. But you don't have brought your proximity and plugged you - yeah. It's not the same. No, no one talks. Everyone's scared, everyone's hiding like a little kid, a little shotgun right, where's your guts right, trying to get pissed off now, no I'm getting angry too scary. That's how we play. We hide I, hide, okay, the ones all here so I'll, Creek I, will stay in a corner in the 30 minutes. My my streams are called wheat day, you're that guy yeah I'm a killer you're the guy that uses a pistol for five rounds. So you can buy an OP I've lost, so many games on csgo because you gotta save up yeah. It's just a good life lesson. Honestly, mm-hmm save up it seems that you've been what's the this has got to be one of the longest performance art pieces ever you're. You've been this character, the doc and you're gonna play like you, don't know what I'm talking about okay, but do you have a difficulty transitioning between yourself and the doctors you're in character for so long? If we're so intense amount of time is, do you have trouble being like okay, now, I'm, just the guy, literally guy? No, no. We shut it down. We approach it as a business. Hmm because, essentially on the proverbial, like Fight Club, we exactly okay, yeah, that's a goal and we approach it as a business, and you know we get in there get the job done when we're done. Take the headphones off, hop, put on the robe, some gin and tonic and watch the Golden State Warriors do their thing: yeah plugin for the worst. That's by the way. Let's go warriors that go worries. What is the effect of pretending to be I, don't wanna, say pretending, but, like you spend so much time being, someone else. Does the line ever get blurred between no one and the other? No, no, it doesn't ya ever sit in a restaurant and the waiter waiter is like annoying and then you you almost answer in character like come on. Ah, no, no driving is probably one of my biggest things that outside of playing battlegrounds that pisses me off so sometimes when I'm driving this room. This Drive must have been awful for you. This wasn't too bad. Okay, yeah good, but sometimes I could transform me. That's where we followed them home right. Okay, that's that's a little [ __ ] yeah, it's a little terrifying yeah. We follow them home, yeah and trust me. The only else is in the car with, but no I could shut it down and I could turn it on I I get the sense that the the Edward Norton character of your life mm-hmm is a very different than the Brad Pitt character of your life. Is that true, absolutely yeah boom Bing right on the button? Do you think that, like the doc character that you develop makes you the Edward Norton part of you more confident much as as it did in Fight Club? Ah, no I'm, actually pretty I'm. Actually, I'm, actually pretty shy, really yeah I'm, actually pretty shy state of myself I'm, pretty shy, I, don't like that's incredible: I, don't like the I, don't like the limelight, I, don't like being in front of cameras, I'm like taking pictures, it's the exact opposite. So in a way, does the it's at least how do I call it and character kind of helps? Yeah. It's like I feel the same way too. If I put on a hat or sunglasses, then it's like I'm, not exactly myself, there's a filter mm-hmm. Do you feel like that that I don't know how to call it? The the Brad Pitt, that's so stupid. The doc I feel like if I say that you won't acknowledge it. Well, if you feel like the doc has like give it as like enables you to exist in a different reality than like something that you've always wanted to be. But you you couldn't do it as yourself like. How do you, because you don't like doing that, but as the doc you're great yeah uh, it certainly is a fix for being able to be, as expressed as a expressive as I want to be it's funny cuz when I grew up, I was sort of the class clown. I was like the the guy who made people laugh and stuff like that, and then you know, as I got older I kind of got I kind of transformed into a shy person, and you know I staged myself, but I I don't really socialize too much, and if I do it's like I have to get warmed up to you a little bit. So this allows like this actually kind of brings back like my old the old days a little bit and like it allows me to tap into that being a kid again and just being aggressive and just carefree. Who cares what you think about me: I, don't care I'm gonna, do anything and everything that I want to do and there's nothing you could do about it. Yeah kind of kind of expression, expressive like I, think that's what everyone loves about the character too. You know we all long for that yeah yeah yeah, but it feels good. It's fun therapeutic! It's very therapeutic super therapeutic yeah man I wish I loved it, but it reminds me this thing like we have this vapenation character. I have this theory. It's called that guy. It's called the bat guy theory when I put on when I go out in like New York and do vague nation. It's humiliating I, put on all this ridiculous stuff, but when I put that on I just become I'm that I like when you're on the street, and you look like a [ __ ] clown people. Look at you and you say: oh that's just that who that guy is mmm. It's not like I'm embarrassed for that guy who's out there, making a clown himself he's just that guy. When you put on that wig and those glasses, you just become that guy yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah I get it, but we've talked about that. But you also don't do this in public. So much I know no just the events you know and there's only less than a handful events a year. It's fun yeah, it seems seems like it. Here's a question from one of the fans on the subreddit. They said you seem like a very nice and genuine guy in real life, so I'm just curious if you've ever struggled with the difference between the two characters, I've, also to wonder if you really, if you ever have off days where you just don't feel like streaming or you're, not funny or creative, because it always seems like you're on I, certainly have a lot of off days and again I blame battlegrounds. You know sometimes you're in the groove. You got a lot of energy and you know the things sort of just compound and and like I'm, not doing great we're not doing great a you know, for whatever reason like people in the chat are kind of saying the same stuff and I'm like you know, what's like something hurry hurry, take me to something I haven't experienced. Yet you know in my stream and sometimes you get into this Lake rhythm or this groove, where it's you can't break out of it. It's like how do I wake up here, I need to wake up like. What's someone make me laugh, someone give me like fired up, and sometimes it just doesn't happen. So you, like you, just kind of get this monotone of like energy and Cystic I'm kind of getting close to wrapping this up. You guys right. Is it the expectation of the audience? Were there like? They always want you to be animated and entertaining I. Think it's a combination of that and like I know where I should be and where I could be and I'm not there, and it's like how do I get there can I get there. I, don't know it's like for me. One thing I'm battling now is is like my setup and in the content that I put out now, it's like I feel like I need a full revamp of not just I'm, not talking graphical revamp I mean that anybody could do that, like that's, not a big deal, but just the approach to streaming in general and the character or the doc. I, don't know what the answer is, but I am kind of like starting to like write out like a plan of like you know, what's the next level of streaming, like version version too, you know sorry I think that's smart I mean I feel like that drive is. Is it's like required of people who like push forward and are successful, I? Think it's fun though yeah it's frustrating for me when I get that feeling, but you just you, have to it's much healthier if it's fun yeah, obviously, but you have to always be pushing yourself to changing it. Better I think so. Yeah yeah step outside of the box, yeah mm-hmm. What's next for the doc, do you ever ever and like do you ever want to do acting or like? What's next? What's your aspiration? What's your highest goal, I, don't know Steve well a lot of it. You know like twitches. Obviously it's been a fantastic platform, it's continuously growing, it's continuing to grow and the numbers are just absolutely insane the amount of new users that are signing up to the platform. You know so we're riding the wave of twitch and the excitement around twitch and so I'm. You know I'm pretty excited to see what twitch is doing here in the future. Yeah see how they grow. You know, I, think for the doctor. You know I feel not necessarily that you know I want to understand. What's the next level of exposure, what is that you know, and it was you know, what's twitch again that comes down to like what's twitch doing, and you know it's a it's an unchartered path. Kind of it is yeah like how do you bust out of twitch to the next level of exposure? I, don't know, I've never been done yeah. As far as I am aware, yeah I think, there's the you know, mm-hmm I think, given the character of the doctor, one thing that people, if they tune in and they tune in on, like a regular basis, is based off the video gaming dominating machine and that's all I'm about, like I can actually kind of like I can read. I can kind of relate to people that are in the sports, because I played sports, and you know, college sports and I can relate to people with music and movies, because you know, that's, that's all been part of the doctors, production and so I can hit like a wide spectrum of an audience, and so I always thought like it would be cool if the doctor had like a like a show like a almost like a one hour, you know like not like Jimmy Kimmel show, but, like you know where it's it is you get guests on doctors, the host, but we're not just gonna, be talking video games old-timer, but that will be sort of like the the culture. My show right I'm certain extent, but we can talk other stuff as well. I could see that yeah catches, man on the street stuff yeah. The whole variety show totally I love that yeah I'm in boom $500 check right now perfect. So we got the game. I got that I got a you're. Certainly I'll give you a thousand bucks. You're set I get fifty percent yeah yeah working on come from. How do you develop it? How'd you come up with this character. The doctor came from actually originated from halo 2 and it was a voice and it wasn't a character. It wasn't a visual thing. It was all voice and because halo 2 ism was proximity chat, you know, so you could tell the guy. You know you're going to the base with the team. You look at this guy I know he's upstairs. I'm gonna pull the flag, there's nothing. He could do about it. I'm gonna, demolish him and guess what he's gonna respond across the map and you got the other guy on the team. Listening to this lunatic coming into the base going- oh [, __ ], you know so it kind of started like that, and actually you know whether you're on the other team or the team that I was playing on like people in the lobby kind of enjoyed that so you can kind of sense, like eight people, you're onto something here, a lot of something yeah yeah, and so that just sort of like naturally developed into like we're hanging out my buddy's house, and they said hey, we should we should make. You know this guy, a character like because we're always into film and stuff like stupid, stuff, and so that day I went to the store- and you know picked out the black steel: hey, hey the world. Oh that's me backstage this is the 2nd wig or you know, let's say implant. Can we say that yeah, let's talk about it. This is the second version to version 2 yeah. That's impressive, that it's lots to do that, long. How long's that implant been around 7 years and I haven't watched it one time, I believe it man, you got to keep it juicy, but uh. You know we just went to the store. I went to the store, grabbed it and that night I got the the scopes, the the black steel, and then you know we filmed something and I had a little bit of gameplay and on my youtube channel it's called Doc's first video, and that was that was like the first one and it just kind of that's slowly. You know it's incredible. You've kept it up for so long, I mean that it's been like seven years. Man, that's crazy, yeah. It really has come to fruition and developed over the time. Well, I think yeah, yeah and I think I've been I've had the opportunity to run into a lot of great people that have helped the doctor grow, and you know that journey. You know it's like one of the first ones was like optic. You know they were big for YouTube back in the day for trick shots and before they became like sort of this real-deal eSports organization. But hex and those guys they were real supportive of the doctor, so we gotta get shout out to them, but mmm yeah, it's the journey to get here has been fun and that's I think that's important I think it's inspiring that you've kept with it for so long and then ultimately achieve success in it. Yeah awesome, yeah well going from because I had never livestream right. After did you know after sledgehammer, so I didn't before. That was all high level production videos where it's like. Okay, we recorded did videos. Okay, let me sit in Sony Vegas and it cut this up and added and put me like it's a production right like and- and there was a so you can hit a certain tone or mood with the character, and it was always like, like he was much darker back then, like serious, dark, drawn out scenes long, stairs, I'm gradually. Looking at you from a distance, you know like now, and so that was a little scary. When I started streaming like how the hell am I gonna, are they gonna be entertained? It seems like the magic because you're saying in the beginning, they loved your trash-talking seems like the magic is in the improvisational. Just put it out there capture it yeah get in there, yeah I, think so, and the energy too and I think that was important for me to understand that early on was that just the this serious doc was not gonna cut it on twitch, because I can get real, boring, real, fast, real person who people can connect with exactly yeah, yes, yeah yeah. So what's your favorite activity to do when you're not streaming in your free time, uh hanging out with the family? Obviously you have a wife and a beautiful life beautiful kid well daughter, little, the the dock at the mini dock, the dogs entering this respect, nurse disrespect yeah. So it's pretty much my whole life surrounded by them, they're like that's, that's all of them off stream and we enjoy. You know beach body surfing, always talk about our on saying body surfing: it's not a joke! Yeah! You do by surfing a lot yeah yeah spin class, like we work out together and everything and that's pretty much my life yeah. That's awesome! No use stream on on a boat, oh yeah, yeah, by the way, just to set this image. For those who don't know about the dock. Just goes live one day and he's on a boat playing pub gee and that's it he's just on a boat. And how did you get an internet connection out there by the way from the Asus Zephyrus laptop? That I was using, it was a Asus was polite enough to hook up hook up that whole situation. It was a sponsor, it was a sponsor deal yeah and they proved they got. They made a point. Yeah uh I'll tell you right now: it wasn't easy to play on the open sea going 60 70 miles an hour's fun. I mean it's fun, but it's not for gaming yeah. This is a. This is some fan service. This was hiya and the suggested question so I'm just gonna. Ask you it I'm not really familiar with these guys, but I get a sense. This is a funny question shroud summit and yourself yeah marry one kill one [ __ ] one I'm. Getting that I got I, get that donation a lot okay, so you're, ready, yeah you can just pass to I, could probably kill it ever. Although I killed, I kill them they're, all no married I, just they kill them. Both thanks guys for posting this day last question time: I trust you [, __ ], all right here. This is customary here: I have a killed shroud. I should probably say that even if I'd killed some it so many times it's it's level, but shroud he's my next he's next on my list: okay, yep all right watch out trout, yeah. This is customary on the show. We usually wrapped it up. Cuz, it's a little funky, a little weird, a little unexpected, okay! Well in sight. Yeah do you have any ghost stories any paranormal, yeah or he's UFO alien sightings. Tell me about all the weird [ __ ] you've seen that nobody would believe. Yes, absolutely, except that one guy on alien technology, yeah what'd, he say of everything yeah he would uh. During my last year of college, mm-hmm I was staying up in a house up in the mountains, a friend a friend of Papa disrespects, and they owned a big ranch, big huge acres, nice big home, and they had three or four homes on this piece of property and had like a little small lake on it. I'm he's up like up in the middle of nowhere and I've heard the place. Wasn't you know whatever, but he was. He was polite enough to. Let me stay there. My final year, it was about a 30-minute commute to college too from where they were at and he had to leave one weekend. He said hey. Can you watch the house for the weekend? I was like okay cool, so I'm sitting there is I, think it was Friday or Saturday. Now I get back from school. I think it was the next day Saturday night I'm sitting there it's about 1:30 2:00 in the morning I'm laying in bed all son, the phone rings and it's a big house so when it rings it's like echoes, reverbs right, Heaney I'm like what no one calls right. So I go up there I answer no one's on the phone. It's just mean. Okay. What the hell is this you know, I go back to my bed. He had automatic lights for the driveway I go back to the bed in the window that the bed we're staying at this room. This window is where you can see the driveway right when I lay down ooh light goes on right. Let me just go to the bedroom door and close it I closed it. No joke! After I closed it, I'm walking to the bed, I hear like I'm running down the hall and I'm like okay. This is nuts I'm going to bed. What was this? This was I got chills. This was when this was in 2005, okay, so it's it's quite a bit low go yeah, you're a bit of a younger dog back then the final piece of the puzzle I went to bed I just had like shut it down. Right like just don't even worry about it. Give me a bed put the pillow over the head. I can this is this is call it a night right. Let's just forget about this right: I: wake up in the morning, I walk down the hall he's got this big huge kitchen, beautiful, big kitchen: all the cabinet doors are open, yeah yeah, and that was my experience at that place. I told Mike, I didn't experience anything else after that, like anything that was weird or hear stuff, but I had the place to myself the whole time that weekend and that happened during that weekend and and and so did you tell whose house was it. This is a dad yeah. Did you tell him about it? Yes, did he ever have anything like that happen in that house? No, just you that's so creepy yeah that should screw yeah I'm, always interested to hear what I've never had a paranormal experience. I wish I did I feel like I'd, be more interesting person yeah. Thank you. No, not not nothing! What I got nothing dude, okay, but I, love hearing other people's stories. So thanks for sharing that absolutely and finally, do you ever plan on going for three time and what well it's got to be three time. Well, it's got to be three consecutive years: oh yeah, yeah and I could have I could have, but they're gonna play Bugsy or Bugsy or whatever the hell. The game is and I don't want to play Yeah right three times in a row. Who's got time for that [, __ ]. This time sounds better the three times the three time yeah back to back to back see this is you you would almost just lie and say two time at that point as it sounds much better. Yes, exactly two time right, I mean three: it's to the V. You know I totally get it. There's well said: dude yeah! Well, thank you to the tube time to the doc for coming in. Thank you for braving that traffic coming and spending this time with us and sharing your experience. God bless you Oh. Hopefully your fate doesn't end the same as Edward Norton from Fight, Club yeah, but I appreciate you. Nonetheless, we're just getting started. Yes, the revolution is beginning yeah yeah anyway, I wish all the best I love what you do and really appreciate you coming here. Hey! Thank you for having me please guys, thanks for watching next Thursday yeah Jory Pearson leave your questions on the subreddit. That is it for this week. Guys appreciate you.