Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast live. Thank you to our sponsor today, Dollar Shave, Club beach body on demand, trippin and harmony for sponsoring this episode. Next week we have captain disillusioned who will be joining us on Friday and please leave your questions for him on the subreddit is a thread up there. Today's guest is the great and wonderful and one of our all-time favorite guests, dr. Jordan Pederson, who has graced us with his presence. Yet again he has just released a new book. 12 rules for life and antidote for chaos. Ela hold that up. It's called. Even the cover is calming those game. Show hostesses. - legend has it: you don't even need to read the book, just keep it close and as it has an aura and that this book I I've read it I loved it and listen, don't take my word for it. Take the amazons top seller list for it I don't know if that's more credible, but it's topping the charts number one it is. It was for a long time, I knocked out Donald Trump's book, which is got him on the boat on the trumpet yeah, which I saw oh yeah. The would guess that yeah, that's for sure. Well anyway, thank you so much for coming back on the show, um how you doing how you feeling I'm doing just great I, think I can't imagine how things could possibly be going any better, it's kind of insane. It's not kind of insane. It's utterly surreal! It's the proper way of that's it. How do you feel about having become so successful as it's scary? Does it ever concern you like concerns me 100% of the time, except it's sometimes like I, forget and then, when I forget it's sort of like well, this is normal life and then I. Remember it's like this. Isn't normal! It's like it's like someone's poking me their pin. It's like this isn't normal! Then I, relax like this isn't normal. It's it's I'm, not complaining at all. It has been. What would you call its required a high level of alertness, because, in the situation I've been in since September of 2016 I haven't been able to say one public word without risking a fatal consequence right? Let's lose my job or maybe all of my jobs, because I have a number of jobs to have my reputation to demolish to to wipe out the financial security of my family like it's it's so that's always been there, it's less so now, but it's certainly not gone and I mean there's still vitriolic attacks on me, especially in Canada. There was an article in Canada's national newspaper. Today it was a funny article. They just tweeted. Cuz I saw yeah, that's just another angry white guy yeah! That's what yeah! Well, you think about how rip well rip it reprehensible. Is that as a title, this is what I don't like about these identity. Politics types! It's like! Oh I, see this is about race. Is it it's like you don't like me? Okay, fine man, you know hate away, but to categorize it in terms of something that has to do with like racial tension, especially in a country like Canada, is so utterly appalling that it's almost indescribable it just makes me it makes my blood boil that that and I don't care that it's an attack on me. I've had lots of those, you know in mind, you know no one likes being attacked but to frame it in racial and then the next thing they did this guy. It's like he's accusing me of exploiting my followers for money. It's like I put everything I do on YouTube for free there were even ads. You know, I have a patreon account, but it's not like I'm twisting people are these goes. There knows exactly at the point of the patreon yeah they do. They know the point and there's my coercion at all, not at all and I made a purposeful decision to put up the content for free and not to put ads around it and I. Don't it's not like I think, there's anything wrong with ads. It's like people have to make a living and if there's nothing wrong with making money, you know like it's a lot better than being worthless, useless bitter resentful and unproductive, and so how do you handle people on the internet? We all handle hate of one kind or another. How do you handle it like? Knowing that there's people out there who have never met? You, don't know you at all, but they they just hate your guts, yeah. Well, I mean it depends on who they are, if they're an academic or a journalist of some, and they go after me with without warrant. If they make arguments that are invalid, false let's say lies. We could even say that then I'll go after them and call them out because I think, if they're professors, it's like get your act together. You've got a position of authority and influence the professional gauntlet. That's really that's exactly it. It's like you're gonna, come after me and tell me I'm, not qualified, I'm off kilter, whatever you think is like prepare to defend yourself, yes, and if you're a journalist and you're making accusations. It's the same thing. It's like defend them if their accusations conjure up a shred of proof. You know and that's been hard on some of the people. Who've come after me and that's fine as far as I'm concerned. If it's, if it's other people, sometimes I'll retweet it because well because four out of curiosity, probably more than anything else, it's like here's. What someone said it's like. What do we think of this? Exactly and I try to do not too much of that Twitter is a weird medium like Twitter is, is Twitter is like walking through a room full of bear traps essentially like there's, maybe a part of gold at the end or something like that. But you bloody well better, be careful and it really rewards impulsive, behavior, so Twitter's, a weird minefield. The way I've been thinking about Twitter and just internet comments in generals I've been taking a really conscious effort to not read comments anymore at all, because I feel like reading comments on the internet about you is like listening in to a private conversation of people. Talking about you like people are in private would say things about you that they would never say to your face and probably don't even believe to an extent right so you're listening to all these precious conversations of people saying just super exaggerated, awful things, but had they known that you're actually reading it wouldn't ever say that to you, really it's a really unnatural way to experience the world all these people. Talking about you call almost behind your back but you're reading it yeah. That's a good point. That's a really good way of conceptualizing it yeah! Well, the problem is with social media. Is you don't know you don't know how to receive it? It's for exactly that reason. It's not a medium of communication that ever existed before right. Yeah thing is: is that everyone's sort of the same on Twitter like right from that from someone who has zero followers and is completely unknown to someone who's like extraordinarily well-known? They get 140 characters and it all has the kind of the same impact when it comes our age, yes, definitely or a bill reader education level. Any of that so I'll I'll read a rude comment. I'll be like you know, and a twelve-year-old could have written that if right and like and I would never imagine being affected by what a twelve-year-old wrote about me. But on Twitter you can really [ __ ] my mood up yeah as an well. That's the other thing too. Is that because people experience negative emotion disproportionately powerfully is that you can read ten good comments, a hundred good comments and one vicious one, and you walk away thinking it's Sam and I'm, aware of it, and it just drives me crazy, yeah yeah. So it's a strange thing now, I do read comments. Do negative comments affect you, yeah I would say so um they often make my blood boil temporarily. You know that's dangerous on Twitter, because I can usually think of something like vicious and at least I think it's witty, but it's not vicious and witty to like poke back out and so I have to restrain that like I'll. Do it somehow, if it's, if it's so funny, I can't stand it I'll say it. You know, but but it's best not to do that. I'll totally speaker I, do read the YouTube comments. I read comments because I also want to see, if there's a consensus about something that I've done wrong. You know like if it's like what I try to do is look for patterns. If, if 20 people say the same thing, you think or 400,000 people say Newman and Channel, four, it's like well, there's probably a pattern there. You know, but but but that's and so I kind of use that as a way of making sure that I'm not making a systematic error of some sort. So but yeah it's a tricky thing to manage, because you can get obsessive about it. That's definitely and you can. You can have your equilibrium disturbed and but it is true that the negative comments have far more impact than the positive ones. So sorry, I like it's just like you, said, I'll, read a hundred of the nicest sweetest things anyone said about me and for some reason those don't leave. I'm no I, don't walk away feeling like yeah man like yeah. That stuff feels great I'll read one really rude, mean comment and, and that's the one that sticks I, think because it's something it's perhaps because like when people are really happy with you, they can pat you on the back and that's real nice and when they're angry, then they can stab you, and so stabbing is way worse than having you. So it's definitely definitely and you're tilted towards susceptibility for nakedness, like oh I, don't think you want to even well no, no, but no, but that's why you're? That is why you're wired up that so I know you know in person. I find it's different, though, because when people say come to my talks afterwards, they're they're there they're lining up to talk to me to have to have the book signed and many of them are. They say that much the same thing frequently it's about 80% of people. They say something like you know. My life wasn't going that well and I had a lot of problems and I've been watching your YouTube videos and they've really helped me out, and thank you and here's. Why? My why things are better? For me, and it's like hey good, oh yeah, I, actually yeah- that feels good yeah. That's that's a different thing and I. Don't have people saying not nice things and that's what I was really hit. Your videos? Never! No! No! No! That's the same with me. It's just there's just been no need like no. That kind of proves my point right would never say that [ __ ] to you in person because a lot of times they probably don't even believe it there you're kind of just venting yeah. That's right. It's impulsive disappointed me so I'm [, __ ] this guy right now, yeah, but tomorrow or even an hour he's like yeah I, can't wait for his next video, okay yeah. Well, then people also they don't think that necessarily I think that that anyone is going to actually take what they said on YouTube with any degree of seriousness. You know and I think that's especially true when, when there's a lot of people commenting about a single person, it's like what you think well that person isn't paying any attention to this they're, not treating it like it's a genuine exchange between actual human beings, because there's so many yes exactly exactly, and so, but but having said that, no, the vast majority of the comments on YouTube on my lectures and so forth are they're positive, they're, very positive and so like I find. If, if my sense right now is that if I release a video and the like to dislike, ratio is less than 50 to one, then I've probably made a mistake so yeah and I kind of don't that on it on ebay too, if you're a seller and your reputation is 98 percent or lower, that's not good! That's not good! You! So 2 percent! If you're pissing off 2 percent of the people gent on a regular basis, you're, probably not aligned as well as you might be, with your yeah. Well with reality, do you buy a lot of stuff on eBay? Oh god, I bought things on eBay like a mad dog for like right. Oh I bought like 400 Soviet paintings on eBay, well, I've been fascinated with totalitarianism forever and what happened was I read this paper by a guy named James Pennebaker who's, a really great psychologist at the University of Texas at Austin, and he was interested in when things become history rather than just yesterday, and he said well statutes and so forth often start going up about 15 years after an event, so he thought things turn into history 15 years and that was in 2000 and I thought. Oh it's! 11 years after the Berlin Wall fell, the Soviet Union is just about history, and so then I went on eBay and I thought I wonder if I could buy some Soviet era artifacts, you know, I was curious, so I started looking and the first thing I bought was this silk flag that had been awarded to a factory for meeting its five-year production quota? That's cool! It was so funny. I just couldn't stand the irony of this, the world's most capitalistic enterprise. It's as eBay writes just free trade. That's all it is unregulated free trade. Now I could buy soviet. Our karl marx posters discounted the perfect revenge. It is so it's so comical yeah. It's so comical. My daughter bought me a Karl Marx doll once because for sale, and it was like 50% off. That's just too funny. Rights like discount and so I bought this flag and then I was looking through the same guys site. So he's basically a Soviet junk dealer, and he had this. Huge painting was just sprawled out on the ground at one photo that was bad had a big rip in the corner. It was Lenin and Trotsky and Jews in ski who'd run the KGB announcing the establishment of the Soviet Union in the Winter Palace at st. Petersburg, and it was like 10 feet long and eight feet high and it's really high-quality painting, because original original the Soviets had state-sponsored artists and they hey them to make these. You know paintings for their big buildings and they pay them like three months salary for a painting. He wanted like a hundred bucks for it, so I bought it and I got it now. I rolled it, I had the rib fixed and now it's in my living room and weirdly enough and I thought wow. That's so amazing and so I started looking for paintings right and then I got I found about six junk dealers on eBay they're, all in the Ukraine, because most of the Soviet paintings had been vacuumed up by British and American collectors before that, so I missed them, but I got I, got the Ukraine and then I got a network of about fifteen people in the Ukraine who were going around picking up Soviet era artifacts and they were just emailing me pictures of all the paintings they found. Most of them were just horrible, like nine out of 98 out of a hundred of the more terrible terrible and two of them were they're, so good I couldn't believe it. The technical quality was so high and so I just bought every one. I could get my hands on so I. Have this crazy? You are gonna have one of the best collections of art of all time. Well, I was interested in it. For two reasons, I mean one was the irony it's like so funny. If then, there was there was this. Other thing is that the the Soviets kept there like 19th century studios essentially intact, so they had highly trained artists, and so they were producing realist, impressionist versions of modern life, so I have a painting, for example, of Yuri Gagarin, who is the first man in space standing in front of a rocket and radar, and it's done in like a nineteenth-century impressionist style. It was from 1962, so that's so cool to see that and but I also really like the paintings, because they're this weird battleground they're battleground between art, because the quality of the artist is extraordinarily high and propaganda, and you can see the art which, which is a much powerful force than truck than propaganda. You can see the art and the propaganda struggling on the canvas and over time you can see the art winning because, like in a hundred years, that painting of Lenin it'll hardly be a painting of Lenin at all because who the hell well. No, no one will know anything about Lenin or know more than we know about Napoleon sure, but it'll still be a great painting and so the art, the art, wins across time. If it has quality, the art supersedes the propaganda and then I wanted to have the paintings around too, because I've I've been obsessed with totalitarianism and and the human capacity for atrocity and having these paintings around just keeps that in my mind, it keeps me remembering that all of this happened and so and I want to remember that, so there you have it, you can find from Russian summary. It really is. I have been buying lots of like vintage, old t-shirts and I love it because, like you, said a lot of times, it could just be like an shirt. There was like merch for something I, don't even know why. But the art is so cool because I like how the art was care, what it was this company, that's gone out of business and nobody remembers or cares about produce this incredible shirt with like puffy paint and glitter like when I went to deep down as a clothing, right, buddy and so like the detail and the manufacturing expertise is like so beyond right. We can even do as professional clothing makers right. Well, it's so funny because you know when an when an artifact is produced mass-produced, it's like it's dirt, cheap, a, but it's not because once they start producing and that gets rare, it would cost you like. You couldn't do it. You couldn't produce a shirt like that for about $50,000 right. It was dirt cheap because they made a hundred thousand of them yeah, but once they're gone you have that artifact. Just like it's irreplaceable, no one will make it or price. You know yeah several hundred dollars known for vintage shirt, mm-hmm well anyway. Let's talk about the book. While reading your new book in the foreword I had really loved this anecdote about how your most popular response on Quora was in response to what are the most valuable things, everyone should know right. That was the question yeah, and so you wrote up this little responds how many answer: 22 rule 42 rules, yeah, really short, snippy responses of 42 rules. Everyone should live by and this was the inspiration for this book. That's right, yes, and so it got very popular on Quora yeah. It was the one you're most viewed by and one of the most viewed on Quora, yes, I, yes and I was going over that listen, I, I loved it. So much and they're all really bite-sized little. You know snippets and so I was wondering if you're up for it. If we could go over that list, sure as a little exercise and maybe expand on on some of the cases, I want to tell you a funny story, but yeah that list too so. Well, it got popular, so that was cool. But then a friend of mine, Greg, Hurwitz who's. An author in LA he's written a series of books, they're orphan x books, his third one just came out, it's called hell-bent and in the first one, which was the nowhere man, he had the female love interest, put those rules on her refrigerator so that her son could live by them. So it's so funny it's it's uh! The rules have gotten a life in a fictional universe, which I think is great and he's interleave them through the three books. So that's been really fun to watch that happen. So I've noticed you've boiled down the rules because 12 rules for life Commandments when you boil them all down to like these ones, work right. This covers the basic: let's go through this: let's go, this was great and if you guys are interested at all by what we're talking about here, definitely pick up this book. Twelve rules for life, so the first rule tell the truth. Yeah and I changed that a little bit in the book. So that's one of the ones I used in the book. That's rule eight I said tell the truth, or at least don't lie right and the reason I changed it. A bit was because, well you don't know if you're telling the truth, you know. Sometimes you just don't know right because and what do you know anyways right? You know the truth. No, but you do know when you're lying at least some of the time and you'll do it anyways, and so the hypothesis that I'm developing and in in the book is that you should stop saying things that you know to be untrue and I go into it very deeply. Like there's an idea, it's it's one of the deepest ideas of mankind, but it's certainly one of the deepest ideas of judeo-christian civilization that the way that you turn potential into reality. So imagine people think that they live in the material world. That's what we think as we're materialists were modern people, but we don't really think that if you look at the way people behave, this is how they act. They act as if they live in a world of potential. Whatever potential is because potential is what might be, and it's not real right, because what might be isn't real. What is is real. What might be is potential. We don't even think of something that isn't real as as actual but if I say to you, you're not living up to your potential, you go oh yeah, well, I know that if I say well, there's tomorrow, there's new potential in tomorrow, you think yeah. Well, there is so what really you confront is a field of potential and you can decide how to transform that into reality, not not like you're a genie but but still with a fair bit of freedom. Well, there's this idea. That's laid out in the first chapter of Genesis that when God creates the world, he creates it out of potential and he uses the word language communicative. He uses communication and language to extract out of potential habitable reality. That's the basic narrative in the first part of Genesis and the communicative strategy he uses is the truth. So that's the word, truthful speech and then every time God calls something into being. He says that's good and so there's this theory that that starts that runs through the entire entire biblical corpus and is, if the foundation of our culture, that the world that you speak into being with truth is good and I. Think I believe that I think that's the case. You know like if you start a relationship and it's predicated on lies. It's like you can manipulate the other person into delivering what you hypothetically want, but as some but all you're doing is setting the stage for a descent for one or both of you into something closely resembling hell. Is that rule so steadfast? Is there anything as an honorable lie? Well, I think there's in situations you get yourself in situations where there's no honorable way out, and then you pick the least dishonorable way. That's white lies, you know sure, but but white lie a white lie and there's black truths as well. Sure. That's when you tell someone something that's true, but you do it to hurt buzzing yeah right. So it's like this is true. It's like yeah, but your motive so I feel the difference. Well, that's a good! That's the question of ethics. Right I mean I. Sometimes you don't know how to tell the difference and I would say. Well, those are limit cases. You you're not sophisticated enough to make a judgement there, but sometimes you bloody well know that what you're saying is wrong and you shouldn't and you do it anyways almost every time you do it. That's right. Almost everything we have an innate sense of ethics, yeah yeah! That's right! I, believe that too and I make a strong case for either I know. I, know your your your a theist right or I mean you're, a religious guy, I'm a religious guy, and you would poke it out somewhat against atheism. If I understand that well, I, don't really believe in it. You don't believe you don't believe in God. Do you think that atheist cuz, we just talked about our innate sense yeah of ethic yeah? Do you think that's something that an atheist can have? Oh, yes, I think I think that I think that atheists do have that they explain that without reference to anything that would be metaphysical, you know and ferret look and fair enough. Look as far as I'm concerned, if you can explain something without recourse to metaphysics, it's like good for you. Simplest explanation, wins, but I think there are things that cannot be reduced so easily to to the materialist view points. For example, we have a [ __ ] of a time trying to understand what consciousness is for sure what the atheists I'm generalizing, obviously, but they end up twisting themselves and not trying to explain consciousness away and trying to explain free will away I think I. Think as it as somewhat of a atheist agnostic. Atheist I mean I'm I'm comfortable, just saying I, don't know that doesn't bother me and I, don't think it bothers mouths, a see it eight years, no I think I. Think look the other I think I should say about atheists. Is it's not like I think they're any less, intellectually honest than fundamentalists? In fact, often quite the contrary, because you see fundamentalists, the problem with the fundamentalists, broadly speaking, is that they insist that their truths, the biblical truths say, have the state same status as scientific truth, and that's just not right, like whatever the story of Genesis. The stories in Genesis are they're, not scientific theories. Okay, they're there they're there they're more like so. This is the way I look at it. You read a great work of fiction. You read something by Dostoyevsky or Shakespeare and you think that's so powerful. It's so true! It's like no! It's not it's! Not it's fiction, I! Think well, okay, but wait a sec, it's profound and true, but it didn't happen. How can it be true? We think? Well, it's distillation right! So you you look at human life and you and you map it and you extract out the key elements to it, and you tell this beautiful story that has the relevance across all sorts of domains, all sorts of people's lives. Well, that would be fiction great fiction. Well, the biblical stories are like you, take a bunch of lives and you distill them into stories, and then you take a bunch of stories and you distill them into myths and a myth. Has that kind of unbelievably potent truth? That's a consequence of the distillation of human wisdom and there's something about it. That's transcendent and true across time, and all of that, it's eternal in some sense, and so that starts to border on what people would normally would would appropriately consider religious. Now, you might say well that can all be true without there being a god, it's like fair enough, fair enough and and when I did my biblical lectures last year, I did fifteen biblical lectures only on Genesis. You know, I only approached them psychologically. I said well, here's what these stories signify from the perspective of the psychology of narrative, here's what they mean. Does that mean? Does that imply God or not? And my answer to that was well I'm, not moving I'm, not denying or affirming that it's like I'm leaving the doorway open for a metaphysical reality. Sure and the reason I ask is because there there's a lot of religious people who who just completely dismiss atheism or or unreligious people, and you know one thing that I always hear that drives me crazy is like where how do you know right from wrong if you're, if you don't believe in God and that that drives me insane, because it's like I, don't think that I need God to tell me not to rape and murder people. That seems insane for a religious person that says that almost says to me that you want to go out and rape and murder people. The only reason you don't is because you're afraid of God mm-hmm well see I have a little bit more sympathy to that. For that viewpoint, because my claim would be the the the ethic that you that you have that inhabits you, you say that helps direct. Your conscience is partly a consequence of rationality, but it's more importantly, a consequence of you being embedded in a culture that tells certain types of stories. So it's back to the story, so you think the Bible influenced me around what whether, if I, acknowledge it or I'm aware of it? Oh yeah it can't it can't help it. You think that, though, what we acknowledge as ethics as a result of so many years of the Bible? Yes, oh yes and I would say, like even even profound. Essentially, atheistic philosophers like Friedrich Nietzsche recognize that completely what about like Eastern cultures, you know who have never read the Bible and don't care about it. Well, they critics, but they have relatively the same like at like um. You know barometer, yes, Steve, Harvey, yeah, yeah well, I mean there are certain. There are certain sensible --hz that you have to live. I know there's! This is that's a very good point. I mean I would say it's a weird intermingling of biology, right, storytelling, rationality, all of those things and culture, all of those things operating at the same time, and there are some things that are so fundamental that you just can't have a human society without right, instantiating them. So one of those is the principle of fair play. I talk about that a fair bit in the book. It's like even rats like if you pair rats together in repeat, did wrestling matches. The bigger route has to let the little rat win about 30 percent right! That's from your book right exactly! You don't want to destroy everything you there needs it's like part of evolution. There needs to be a bit of survival left for everybody. Yes, there is just, and there has to be some reciprocity in the exchange, especially if you want to maintain a social organization, so you might say, independently of religious belief, there has to be some reciprocity in the social organization, so we've got that what what? What further than that does? The Bible, for example, offer other than like these basic things that are innate and all. Well. We could think about this symbolically because, like I would like to approach this psychologically essentially, so you could take the idea of the idea of Christ and so for Carl Jung, who was I, think the world's greatest psychologist I believed that Christ was a symbol of what he called the self and the self would be the source of your conscious. That's a way. That's a way of thinking about that itself would also be from the Union perspective. Everything you are plus everything you could be, and so the reason he called it the self was because it's the totality of human. You don't understand that because, like what the hell do you know about you, you are the most complicated thing that ever existed anywhere, and so you have some sense of yourself but like what do you know? You don't know how you're conscious you don't know how you see, you don't know how you think you just don't know anything about yourself, except that here you are, and you experience pain and all that. So god only knows what you are in the final analysis, and so, but you believe that Christ was a symbol of what you are and so part of that meant, for example, here's two things: it meant that well, here's a pathway through life that that seems to be appropriate culture and religious language, but but it's fundamentally a psychological observation. So it's something like pick up your burden, so that would be the cross, that's the burden of mortality and betrayal, because that's what the cross signifies pick that up voluntarily and bear it okay. So that's your first goal: you do that without resentment and without bitterness that helps constrain evil life is hard you're subject to malevolence. You accept that without bitterness and that- and that requires it- that's a that's a heroic act because really yeah really you're gonna take full fully right. So that helps you transcend that suffering say well and then, if you accept the suffering that life entails and you accept the responsibility of confronting malevolence and overcoming it, there are parts of you that are going to die and transform right. You know what it's like to learn something: it's like you learn when you get walloped, it's like. Oh I got hit Oh. Something in me has to die because it was really wrong and that's why I made this mistake and that's so goddamn painful you barely get through it, but then you Yury emerge from that underworld and you're, a better person for it, and so Christ is a symbol of that thing. That dies and is reborn and dies and is reborn, and so that's a lie. So it's something to see: yeah well, yeah, it's a it's young is extraordinarily powerful, I love! Thinking about it! More and like you know the psychological standpoint, then literal we're at the point where the psychological interpretation is necessary. If these ideas are going to survive right so now you might so then, and then the last thing would be. Then this is also extraordinarily useful to consider from a psychological perspective. It's like well, who should the king bow down to? Well? No one! Okay, because he's the king there's no one above the king, because there's no transcendent deity, there's no transcendent good! There's the king! Okay, well, that means the king can do whatever he wants. Well, that's no good, because then everyone dies right. It's like ultimate tyranny. So so then imagine if you did something like this imagine you took a hundred common people. You know a thousand common people and you distilled what was the best in them into ten noble men. Then you took ten noblemen and you distilled them into a king. Then you took ten kings and you said: okay, what's king like across about them, so what's the essence of being a king, and then you made that into a symbol say: okay, all you kings! You bow down to this simple person, but yeah yeah, that's Christ! Yes, that's the rule that that symbol plays in law; yeah, that's and that's a lot of the symbolic language, because one of the ways that Christ has put forward is as King of Kings again and that actually means something that there's a it's such a funny statement, because it's actually a description of how the idea was generated. It's like, or you could think about it. This way. Did you think that people so intentionally we're? So intentional, with their writing of the Bible, like that's kind of genius literature that yamp it people, don't even think about approaching literature that way anymore like it's the need for it is not as much as it used to be well, the need is there it's, but we confuse the literal in the. We don't understand how to approach the stories. We don't understand, for example, that there's a truth in fiction, that's different than the truth in science, but that's still true right, so yeah, let's so well yeah. So in the Christian drama that the world is laid out and I talked about this, particularly in rule 7, which is do what is meaningful, not what is expedient, it's like the the the reality that Christ confronts archetypal. So the story is very stark right and the reason it's an archetypal story is well. What's the worst possible story. Well, that's easy! The worst possible story is the most innocent possible person gets tortured the worst possible way because everyone betrays him, even though he didn't do anything wrong. Okay, so you can't push that story any farther, so you hit a limit sure, and so then, so you have that limit case, and then you think well, what do you do about that? You die and you're reborn, because you can transcend them, but so there's limit cases in in the Christian story all the time, because what Christ encounters is that the tragic suffering associated with mortality, that's the crucifixion right. That was a terrible form of torture and the fact that it comes about because of betrayal and malevolence. It's like. Well, that's your life, like that's life, it's suffering tainted with malevolence and that's the world that you inhabit everyone. So how do you deal with that? You take it on voluntarily. You try to constrain malevolence and you allow the parts of yourself that are unworthy to die and be reborn. It's like that's the psychological interpretation you might say well. Is there something metaphysical over above that you know was Christ genuinely the Son of God? Well, that's a different question sure, and so, but I also think I've had this intuition. You know that sometimes that the material were old organizes itself in a way to reach up to the spiritual world and that the spiritual world arranges itself to reach down to the material world and sometimes they touch, and maybe they touched in the case of Socrates. You know- and maybe they touched in the case of the Buddha- and maybe they touched in the case of Christ, because you have these individuals that are somehow head and shoulders above the rest right and it isn't easy to account for that yeah. So you may like Isaac, Newton or Einstein yeah, yeah yeah well, and we know they're touched by genius, yeah or Mozart. It's like Mozart. Well, here's here's a story about you on suppose: let's, let's go to commercial: let's do it. We will be back shortly after this brief word and we will get right back. We have got through to talk about, so we will be right back, don't go away! Thank you to Dollar Shave Club for sponsoring this episode of the eighth Street podcast everybody's heard the name Dollar Shave Club, and everybody knows that they make the best razors in town. But did you know eula that they're also making body wash shampoo hair gel lip balm? Everything I know that well now, I'm telling you about it, because everything specifically means butt wipes they bright everything but I know they mean, but as soon as I heard, Dollar Shave Club had stuff other than razors I was all in because their raises are the best and their baby wipes the wipes the wipe used there beyond the best beyond the best, as stores there are way too many options, you can't tell the difference between any of them and the clerk's. What at Ralph's he's gonna give you recommendations on what razor to buy? Are you kidding me what some sixteen-year-old kids gonna tell me, which razors the best yeah right, they'll, barely even answer when you try to get hope they didn't even shave yet Dollar, Shave Club makes it easy and convenient for you to upgrade your shave and your bathroom products and they deliver them right to your door, because you're lazy like me, and you don't want to leave your house thank God, just like the razors. Everything is super, high-quality and left me looking and feel, and I'm mazing you looking keep your hands off me. I walked out of the bathroom all shaved, I was glistening, I smell good and my butt was clean, which is unusual for me. I walk out I'm like a glowing God like at a cartoon, and he looks like oh my god. Needless to say, I got laid that day. Okay, look we're married! That's what married people do you look, don't be embarrassed, call to action if you're like me and sick of the nonsense at this store. Now is the time to try out the Dollar Shave Club for a limited time, they're, basically giving away their [ __ ] shower shave started kids to new members, listen up because it's only five bucks. This starter set features the executive razor with three trial, sized versions of the most popular products that help you stay fresh and clean and will probably get you laid even if you've been married for ten years. That's how spicy hot this [ __ ] is in your first box, you'll receive their shea butter body wash and one wipe Charlie Bob wipes my brother-in-law used to but way and he's like. You know what I have to say that. But what was incredible: it's got like eucalyptus in it. It smells incredible. It's got like a tingle. You will also receive. Therefore you also receive their executive razor, which includes their premium weighty, weighty, my dogs handle and Foulke a set of cartridges after the first box replacement cartridges are sent for only a few bucks a month. That means you're set up for life. This offer exclusive ovo exclusively available at dollarshaveclub.com, / h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com, / h3, and if you want to give them a great gift, give them Dollar. Shave Club they've got super simple gift: membership and ecards available as well. Dollar Shave club's high quality products will have you covered from face to cheek and to butt cheeks, there's no better time to try the club. So thank you, Dollar Shave Club, for sponsoring us. If you're in the market for any of that stuff, I swear, you won't regret. It and help support the show, so thank you so much next up, Beachbody, oh my god, Beachbody on demand, beachball I'm! Sorry did they see me at the beach or something and they got inspired by my body like we need to make a website dedicated Beachbody on demand in his online fitness streaming service. That gives you unlimited access to a wide variety of highly effective, world-class workouts personalized to meet your needs. Beachbody on demand also includes extensive nutritional content, all proven to help people achieve their health and fitness goals. Beachbody on demand is the total package to helping you become the total package. This year, I started Beachbody you're. All gonna laugh at me because I'm, a tub of lard but super loss. It's a new year and it's a new Fupa loss year and I believe we've heard that last year, beulah last year, I augmented a lot of food per coin, and this year I've made dividends and I'm cashing out on the Fupa coin. Okay, so here they have so many different exercises. So many different variety of everything you can do from in there so exercise called what was it called insanity asylum? What the what something? That's like you know: Lance Lance Armstrong can go hilling up climbing up a hill but the other stuff. For me, that's called like Brazilian Butt Lift, that's my favorite. My favorite is ABS Hip Hop, Abs, hey, but you know, they've got everything and all everything in between they got p90x they've got the insanity. They got that beö. I know that is piy out 20 day fix 21 day fix Beachbody on demand is convenient. You can access it from your computer, web-enabled TV, tablet, smartphone or any other web enabled devices no need to go to the gym or schedule a class. It's right there in front of you. Do you know how expensive gyms are by the way mm-hmm such a scheme? Bro? It's like $30, 30 $50 a month even more sometimes. Well, that's just a membership, but if you actually want to go to like, like you, have your trainers, it's gonna end up costing like $100 a month to get to get the support. You need to lose those lbs and off and put you know, get rid of those Fupa coins. It's time to get rid cash out. These guys are gonna cost you less than it cost the gym for the monthly fee. You can have all the help and instructions you need by pros on video streaming service. You are gonna lose the foot, but this year with beach bar on demand, there are 600 different workouts. You can sort by your favorite trainer. If you're traveling, you can do it in your hotel room. No time Beachbody on demand has a range from 10 minutes over one hour and Beachbody on demand knows that nutrition is key. Abs are made in the kitchen or lack of ABS. In my case, abs are lost in the kitchen too, so be careful. Beachbody on demand knows that working out is just part of the equation. That's why they provide comprehensive nutritional plans to help meet your goals, access to information on meal, prep, variety of recipes and simple, but proven eating plans. Here is the incredible offer for you, my beautiful fans. You can try this amazing program. All 600, workouts and nutritional information for free plus your annual subscription is cheaper than a gym membership. So here's what you got to do right now. My listeners can get a free trial membership. When you text h32, 30, 30 30, you will get full access to this entire platform for free all workouts and nutritional information, - for free, just text, h.323 0, 3, 0, 3, 0, I love that texting thing, oh, is that free membership got him guys if you're like me and it's the year to lose that foop hit up your boys at Beachbody on demand and get a free membership. I'm gonna, be there. Let's lose that food. My doggies! Thank you. So much. Please consider supporting our sponsors to help support the show. Let's get right back into it. Welcome back everybody to the a Street podcast live. We were discussing your 42 rules, so let's the second one being do do not do things that you hate. Is it possible in this life, especially app coming off of our last conversation, work we're human beings carrying around heavy burdens, crus being crucified right metaphorically. How do we avoid doing things we hate well I? Think we should define hate first carefully. Okay, it isn't, it doesn't mean, do not do things that are difficult. It doesn't mean, stop procrastinating and attend to your duties. It means if what you're doing makes you feel and low and contemptible and mean, then you should stop doing them. It's a signal. It's it's like the voice of your conscience, except it's more embodied. It's like oh I, just felt miserable when I did that I was ashamed of myself. Maybe that's another way of of stating the obvious. Don't don't do things don't do things that make you feel ashamed now it's tricky because you might say well what, if you're more ashamed of things than you should be? Well sometimes that happens right. You have an overactive conscience. Well, then, you have a dialog with your conscience. You talk to other people to find out, if you're being too hard on yourself, but you might think well, if you wanted to exist on good terms with yourself, then doing a bunch of things that you regarded as shameful is not a very good pathway to achieving that sure, and so, and you can, you can notice and that these are these. Are these are what would you say these are injunctions to pay attention. It's like I'm, not saying follow other people's rules, although some often you should do that. But that's not the issue. The issue is watch and decide for yourself decide when you're saying something that you regard is untrue and don't say it and notice it will make you feel weak if you say it like, you might feel sneaky and manipulative and that you got away with it and that's sort of arrogance and I wouldn't recommend that that's a bad pathway, but often it makes you feel little and small and useless and ashamed. It's like. Okay, if you don't want to be miserable and wretched in your life, then stop doing the things that make you feel that way. So that's a shame is a defense mechanism. You think a natural defense mechanism against bad behavior, oh yeah, so, generally speaking, is that what shame often indicates is that you did something that worked real well now that will bite you, invite you badly in a week or a year. Do you think shame is associated with religion or all, or is that just a natural human response both because it happens that you and animals to you, you can Steve seem to be able to see it in dogs, yeah, yeah I think that it's both it's, that a person without shame is a dangerous person sure because they don't have any compunction about violating the social contract, and you might say: well, those social contracts are betrayin. It's no! It's not like the element of the social contract that involves reciprocity. That's not arbitrary at all! You can't have a relationship, that's sustainable without well! You do you know you go out of your way for me. Thank you very much, but then I track that and then, if I have a chance, I'd like to repay that, maybe with a bit of interest and that's a great dynamic, a you do something good for me and then I noticed that and I do something a little better for you. We get that going back and forth. It's like been our relationship. It's a great arms race, yeah, it's an arms race, upwards yeah. It absolutely is, and so that's part of the natural ethic and I would say when you to the degree that your conscience is functioning properly because I think it can mail function to but to the degree that it's functioning properly. It's gonna tell you when you're violating the basic rules of reciprocity. Like look when your dog comes bouncing up to you all happy you don't cuff it right now, even if it doesn't hurt the dog, you know you're not being cruel. It's just not something! You know that! That's not! If you want the dog to continue coming up to you happily, then you don't cuff it when it does something positive, and so, if you violate that, you should feel a shame, because it's a signal from the wiser parts of your being that you're going to pay for your impulsive idiocy. So so that's what that not children, I would say have shame before even the realization of religion. Oh yes, definitely so I mean I, don't know how how it plays into the larger part there. But there's some of what religious belief tries to do and apply to ethics as well is to codify what is shameful because before you articulate it and and try to encapsulate it in rules and principles like like pay attention to your shame. Okay, that's pretty low resolution. Don't cheat at games! Okay, that's a lot more articulated, but it's it's! It's a reflection of the same thing, because you'd say well, if you're playing a game with someone and you cheat- you violate the game, then the game can't continue for you or for the other person, and so that's a bad deal and you feel ashamed. Well, that's good, because that helps you maintain your ability to play games, but you can articulate that you can say: oh there's a general principle there, which is don't cheat when you're playing games, and then you can elevate that to the status of a commandant saying something like that. So then the religious injunction sort of sits on top of the biological reality and they match and that's a really good interest. That's a really good thing. You know and I think some of the prohibitions against sexual impulsivity have that basis. It's like! Well, don't don't sleep around casually! Well, why not? It's like? Why can't sex just be casual and fun? It's like! Well, it's too, you can't divorce it from the rest of life. I could say you try to divorce your sexual conduct from your emotional life. Well, okay, if you do that five hundred times, what sort of person are you it's a vice-like anything else, yeah? Well, it starts to violate the reciprocity arrangement with other people. It's like. Well, we can just use each other for sexual pleasure. It's like! Well, you know you lose yeah. You bet you bet! You lose cyclamen yeah and the more you practice doing that the more you'll lose it. It's not a good thing. It's not a good thing. The next one act so that you can tell the truth about how you actually kind of ties in to talk sure sure sure pursue what is meaningful. Not what is XP dry. That's rule, seven in the book. So well. So here's a here's, a here's, a strange idea, but this is another example of I think where the physical and the metaphysical touch. So we talked about what reality might look like: there's a material reality. Let's say that's what it is, but then there's the reality of what could be that's potential. It's something like that, and so potential has this weird existence. Well, here's another strange thing: it might say: well, huh, what's the best way of conceptualizing reality at the highest level of abstraction? What is reality? There's this old Taoist symbol, yin and yang. Simply so, there's a black serpent and it has a white dot in it and there's a white serpent and it has a black dot in it and they're tailed to tail and that whole symbol is Dow and Dow means a bunch of things. It means potential, it means the way of life so to live-in Daoist in the proper manner and you kind of live on the border between the black serpent and the white serpent. And then you say well what are those two things well, they're the two they're, the two ultimate categories of reality, yin and yang? How would you translate that into English? Well, masculine feminine, that's one translation, but a better one I would say is order and chaos say what's order and what's chaos well order is when you're, where what you're doing is producing what you want to have happen? Okay, so why is that orderly? It's because you can predict it, you do a and you want B to happen and B happens. So what does that mean? It means you know where you are, you know what you're doing and things are working and then you're calm, because there's nothing to be nervous about and you're moderately happy because you're getting what you need and want and there's evidence that you are competent, because that's why things are working that's order now. Everyone knows that order can be shattered into disorder. At the drop of a hat. You can be walking down the street and you're all happy and you're with your partner, and you know she makes a mistake and steps off the curb and a bus hit, sir, it's like in one. Second, you are not anymore in order like the bottom is falling out of your life and that's why there's a black dot in the white serpent? It's like the poor. Little as it is look the hell out, because your life can be flipped upside down in a moment. Okay! Well, then, sometimes you're in a dire straight state and everything looks absolutely hopeless and you get a new realization and bang. You know everything snaps together, and so that's when you're in chaos and order can reveal itself. Okay, so order and chaos you can think about it as you're the ice that you skate on with the with the water below that's another way of thinking about it. Now you say well is that real? Is it really that the world is made out of order in chaos? Well, here's something weird! You have two hemispheres right and hypothetically. They were selected by the processes of natural evolution right. They were selected by reality. Well, you have a right hemisphere and a left hemisphere, so it's kind of like well. Reality must have two elements, because why would you need two hemispheres otherwise, and they do have relatively separate consciousness. Those two hemispheres I think. Well, okay, we've been selected to have this bifurcated view of reality. Well, what what are they specialized for turns out? The left hemisphere is specialized for those places where your routines work, that's the left hemisphere and the right hemisphere is specialized for all those places you go when you don't know what you're doing so. The left hemisphere is specialized for order and the right hemisphere is specialized for chaos, and so then you might think well. Does that mean that the world being is really made out of order and chaos? It's like. Well, if you use the Darwinian logic, that's what it means. Okay, so what is meaning signify? Well, here's what it is as far as I can tell so imagine. Imagine that you're watching a gymnast and two gymnasts we'll start with the first one and the gymnast pops out on the floor and does her routine and she's like she's on it. Man like you, can tell this girl has put her $50,000 in and every single thing impossible things she does in succession is flawless right and at the end, she you know what would you say: blaze, yeah voila displays yourself to the crowd right and the crowd is like wow, that's so impressive, because they think wow, she's human and look what humans give you and isn't that so cool and they're. So thrilled and you know the judges go 9.8, 9.8 9.8, it's like cuz I, think it's 10 points for gymnasts and and it's like well now, what is the next gymnast to? Because how do you talk perfection right? Because you can't? But that's not true, you can so the next gymnast comes out and she goes through her routine - and it's perfect. But it's more than perfect, because you can see that with every bloody move she makes she's pushing herself right to the ragged edge of disaster like she's she's, risking the performance of her life, and that means she's risking a big mistake, because you risk that when you do the performance of your life- and you can just see you're straining it's like when you hear a great violinist or a great, a great guitarist play something and they Bend on and twist all the notes, so they're kind of rough and ragged, and they know how to do it perfectly and they put this vicious edge on it's like you, just love that, and so the gymnast is out there just stretching yourself right to the limit of her ability right and then she does voila right and she's sweating and it's like triumph and the whole. Damn crowd just leaps to their feet because she was better than perfect. She was perfect in the way that will make her more perfect in the future and that's meaningful, and that's why the crowd leaps to its feet and that's she's on that border between chaos and order and that's meaningful, and so what I would say is what your brain does for. You is tell you, when you're in the right place at the right time by infusing your life with significance and engagement, and it's saying look you've got the cosmos is lined up around you. It really truly is you're right in the right place at the right time, you're you're in your domain of competence, but you're stretching yourself so that you're actually improving at the same time and that's perfect, it's absolutely perfect and so I think for a long time, we've we've cast doubt on the reality of meaning that's part of the death of God there's no real meaning in life. It's like! No! No, it does not look like that's true. It looks like it might be the case that there's nothing more real in life than the sense of meaning I, actually think you can make well I do make. That case in 12 rules for life, I think you can make a completely coherent case. That meaning is an unerring guide. There's there's limits if you're going to allow your sense of meaning to guide you, you don't want to lie to yourself because you pathologize the instinct. You know, because if you keep filling your head up with nonsense, you're gonna, the meaning generator is going to become corrupted, and it's going to make things shine for you that shouldn't shine they'd only shine for someone who's corrupt. So if you're going to be guided by your sense of meaning, then don't fill your spirit with garbage. That's and that sort of applies to the first few rules. Don't lie: don't do things that you hate right, don't make the thing that guides you ill, and so you think that meaning is that living on the border of chaos and order that that's the DAO. That's the doubt that that's where you are, if you live in doubt it's on the light so kiss and watch traverse or on the other end, you say not what is expedient mmm, so so how? How do you confuse those two Theo? What are those two things? Look like okay, how do you not come? Yes, no problem, no problem. Look so I came in here for this discussion today and I could be thinking. I want to tailor this interview so that I sell as many books as possible. So like I, have a goal. I'm gonna come in here and if you veer off on some topic that I, don't think is relevant to my goal of selling books. Then I'm not gonna, participate, I'm gonna steer you back, I'm gonna mention it every chance that I get, because what I want to have happen from this talk is that I make more money. It's like okay, so then I'm gonna come in here and I'm, going to manipulate the conversation to facilitate that goal. Okay, so that's that's expedient, but then I could say no! No, let's, let's not bother with that that not because there's anything wrong with that. I mean it's not a problem to have a goal. It's a problem to manipulate people, but but you know, I knew we were gonna talk about the book. So it's not it wouldn't be like out of you wouldn't regard that as incomprehensible. If it started to happen, if I said something well, can we direct the conversation back to the book you wouldn't take offense to that, not in any real sense, but what I would do and what I want to do instead is come, and you guys like to have open discussions and like what we're doing when we're having an open discussion is we're trying to elevate each other's spirits, and so that's, like rule 9 right assume that the person you're listening to knows something you don't it's like. There's things you need to know, there's things I need to know, there's things you need to know. If we actually have a talk, maybe we'll all come away less stupid and since, if you're stupid you wander into a pit, then maybe it would be better if you weren't, stupid and so I'd rather come on and say well, let's, let's engage so, let's occupy that place of meaningful conversation, let's trust it and see where it goes. And then, let's assume that whatever happens is the best thing that could have happened. It doesn't matter like it, because maybe the right outcome for this podcast isn't a particular percentage of increment in book sales. Maybe it's the fact that while we got along and we decided to do something else together in the future and or maybe five things in the future, or maybe it's more inspiring for the listeners and so there's so this idea. This relates to the idea about truth. There's a real fundamental idea: that's really deeply rooted in Western civilization, which is that the most daring possible approach to life and I would say the most meaningful approach is to tell the truth and let whatever happens happen. It's an adventure, it's like so I could come in here and say well, I'm, gonna craft this conversation. So it's about my book and it's kind of predictable and know: what's gonna happen yeah, but but it's way more engaging to say no! No, let's just have the best conversation we can have and then wait and see what happens. Well, that's way more! That's that's super interesting! That's way more interesting! So a meaning for almost almost in other words, like short sighted mmm, expedient, that's right that that's that's the problem, I, don't think, there's anything that has longer vision than that sense of meaning. Okay, so I'll tell you something, that's so cool! It's just bloody! Well, move me away when I learned it! This is from you me as well, so we talked about the idea of the self right, so the self is everything you are and everything you could be across time. Okay, but here you are caught in this little fragment of time, but there's this you that has the potential across time. Well and it's it's it's something that you're trying to grow towards to maximize your potential right. So then you might ask well how does that potential manifest itself in the present so that it can be revealed? Well, the answer is through the instinctive meaning so that that was Jung's. Answer I thought wow! That's that's just mind-boggling that idea. It's like okay, you could be more than you are. Obviously that's obviously the case. How does that manifest itself in the moment? Well that which you could be tells you where to walk by making that path meaningful Wow, it's like really. Could that be the case. What else would make what you're doing meaningful? It's like come up with a different explanation. If you want see if you can come up with a better explanation, because I don't think you can't walk in the path, that's more challenging, hmm yeah, because you need to be optimally challenged right because you're, not so here's a couple of things that we've learned recently so I could say. Well, why do we grow in a conversation? That's genuine! Well, it's because we're sharing information right and then we build each other out of the information we build ourselves out of the information. So that's just a cognitive approach, but here's something else that we've learned recently. It's like. Let's say you go pick up a new like a physical hobby like you go, you start weightlifting, or maybe you do jujitsu or something like that and so you're in a new environment and you're, faced with new challenges genes in your brain turn on that weren't on before, and they code new proteins and they build new structures and so inside your genetic inside you're inside the genetic structures that that underlie your physiology are all sorts of physiological potentials that won't manifest themselves unless you put yourself in a new situation and so by challenging yourself constantly you're. Turning on parts of yourself that wouldn't otherwise be on, you could say: well: life is horrible and tragic and bitter and and and cruel, and everyone is suffering from being persecuted and from evil. It's like yeah yeah. Ok, it's fine fine! So how are you gonna deal with that turn yourself on? You know you go everywhere and click everything on and then maybe you're you're, maybe you could handle it so I'll tell you a wonderful story, so in the shark Cathedral the cathedral is across. Ok, so the cross, the centre of the Cross, is the center of consciousness. It's the point of maximal suffering. Ok, the cathedrals across now on the floor of the Cathedral is a maze, a big maze and you can walk it. So you go into the maze at the bottom quadrant and then you walk all the way through the bottom. Right-Hand quadrant completely walk through it, and then you get to the top right-hand quadrant and you walk all the way through that. Then you get to the top left one and you walk all the way through that and the bottom left one and then you come to the center. It's a symbolic pilgrimage, so what it means- and it's a map of the world- north, south, east and west, so it's a symbolically the world. So the idea is that you have to walk through the entire world in order to get to the center. So you have to go everywhere and do everything to turn yourself on enough so that you can handle what's coming towards you and you do that voluntarily. You open yourself up to the challenge. It's like well I, read all that I thought: wow yeah! It's so, and you know it's true, because you know all you do. If you shrink from life the more you shrink, the smaller you get, unsurprisingly right, yeah and the more you move forward, confidently and willing to take on the challenge and then the potential danger, then the stronger you get and then you might say well, what's the upper limit to that strength? Well, you're really good for you. That would be good, you're, really good for you and your family. At the same time, it's like cool bargain, you're, really good for your family and your community at the same time, and then you're really good for all of those in a way that gets better and better across time. It's like well. That would be the ultimate expression of human possibility. It's like! Well, that's a hell of an antidote to chaos. Right. Do you that a real thing? You think that travel is paramount to growth. Alright I think so, but I think you can travel in many ways right right, because some people can travel in in in chapter 3 of this book, which is make friends with the people who want the best for you. I talked about some friends, I had when I was a kid who traveled but never but never went anywhere. They go to the city and they just recreate their little hellish environment immediately in the new territory. So how? How would one travel, who has a great heart and wants to grow but doesn't have the means to leave whatever small-town books books anywhere? There's where anywhere there's the opportunity for learning um pick up pick up pick a new skill to develop whatever it might be and and hit that hard develop. The discipline I mean with the net God. You can learn anything about anything whenever you want right from the world's greatest experts, and so I would say. If you don't know what to do, then pick something like lots of young people. Oh well. What should I do? I, don't know what I should do. I'll wait until I know it's like! No! No just waiting makes you shrink it's like you're, having some pick something you think. Well, maybe I'd like this: it's ok, fine. What do you know maybe you're wrong hit it hard, walk towards it. You get halfway there, you might think I'm on the wrong road. It's like that's! Okay, you rest yeah, damn right man, you you're, not where you were, and so now the world looks a little different. You think oh I should be over there. You would have never figured that out unless you would have walked in error halfway down the road it's like, and one of the things I learned from these biblical stories that I was lecturing about last year after the Tower of Babel in the flood that that ends the really ancient stories, then you get into the Old Testament, patriarchs and what happens to them. Abraham in particular, is Abraham's living at home. When he's like 80, he lives his mother's basement and you know essentially and God, says, get away from your family and your kinsmen and go out into the world. So it's this call to adventure right. So that's that the voice of God is calling him out into the world. It's the voice of adventure, and the first thing that happens is he hits a famine. Then he hits a tyranny and then the tyrants start and his men try to steal his wife. It's like what the hell it's like. What does that leave all right? I was all comfortable I, then God Himself said leave, and then it wasn't like I was on the road to Eden. It's like tyranny, starvation threat to my family. It's like well that didn't turn out very well. It's like no! No it's and these. These old stories are so interesting, they're. So meandering is these people go through unbelievably? What would you strenuous adventures and they make all sorts of horrible mistakes? They betray each other they're involved in in in adultery and betrayal and murder and and war and like the whole range of human experiences, but they keep going to keep moving motivated by this desire to to move ahead and God is with them on that journey and I. That's something I found. It was an absolutely remarkable consciousness of remo stories as well. Most of us don't ever deal with the [ __ ] they go through, oh go on well like and and for us, if you just keep moving and walking how much better offer you're gonna be without a king trend, uh right or what right. We have all this yeah, that's right. We have, although I guess the very ease of it sometimes is a temptation in itself, because you can sit around and do nothing and not immediately die as a consequence like, and sometimes it's better. If the punishment is harsh, it's like if you're useless, you're, moldy yeah, you know it's like you're, useless, lay on the couch for ten years. You just get you know bitter and stupid thing. Shrinking is a good way. Yeah, you sure, and the danger in shrinking is that it increases the probability that you'll shrink further. You know because, if you're all, if you, if you retreat you've, already retreated and then if you're, ten percent smaller because you retreated well what then what's the possibility that you're gonna advance it's very low, so you don't want to do that so to two young people who don't know what they're doing it's like do something take a different target and move towards it. That will do the trick. That's great! No, don't wait for inspiration! That's not! If it's not coming! That's one of the artists! You know learn my inspiration doesn't just happen. No, you need to make it happen. No and when I'm down in writing, for example, it's like I sit down every day and all of the time I have the same thought. Initially, it's like, oh god, there's no way. I'm gonna be able to write anything half ways intelligent today and then it's like just a pain to get to switch into that mold. Oh yeah, it's like an rather than oh yeah. I want to go. I want to have a snack I want it now. It's like you know, there's I want to do something else, virtuous. So I don't have so I have a good excuse for writing. It's like, but you sit through, that that goes away. If you quell it and then, while my experience has been, if I sit there and don't leave, I will write something of utility and when you finish my experience has been sometimes I'm surprised. How did I even do that, like once I do finish, something who know yeah? Well, you don't know how you do it really. That's the universal creative experience, hmm, but it's important that people understand, because nobody ever really feels motivated not enough to actually ever complete anything, especially if it's difficult right exactly the most most worthwhile things turn off yeah all right, let's jump into our second break. We we're slow going here, but this is a great conversation. I'm loving it lots more to come guys, stay tuned. Brief commercial break, see you soon! Thank you to tripping for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast tripping. Did you know that the average family visits five totally different websites before booking a vacation rental? You know it is getting pretty annoying out there. That's right! You're shopping around you're. Looking all these websites I often just give up, I hate it it's it's like. It gets ridiculous! Well, here's! What's great about tripping! You could spend less time planning your next trip and, more time relaxing with trippin comm. There was a number one site for vacation. Rentals trippin comm is trusted by millions of travelers and featured by the New York Times Travel and Leisure Forbes, and more what's its was it featured by goop I, wonder what goop has to say about it. I say in my magazine: I give it an A+ whether you're looking for a cabin or beachfront home to stay away to this winter. Already, looking ahead to vacation the spring trip and calm can help you find that perfect place to stay vacation rentals, offer flexibility, perks, amenities, hotels, don't like multiple bedrooms, backyard, hot tubs, free Wi-Fi and even fully stocked kitchens you're telling me that I get food included on there Oh. What about the beach bug, though, I hit up the free minibar I. Do a couple of insanity: squats trippin, you're trippin, if you're not using trippin, that's their new slogan! It's your trippin balls if you're not using trippin, so you can plan and cook your own meals, great for families or large groups with trippin comm onesearch lets you filter, compare and so sort over 10 million available properties on trusted sites like VRBO, TripAdvisor, booking.com and more so this is your one-stop-shop. You put it in! You don't have to shop around anymore if you're, not using trippin dot-com, you are trippin my dude, don't wonder if you're getting the best deal, because you're gonna end up saving an average of 18% per night by booking your vacation with trippin com. So don't forget if you want to save time and money while booking the perfect vacation rental for your next trip head to trippin comm /h 3 2 day right now, that's tr, IPP, ing, comm, /h, 3, trippin, dot-com, /h Street, because if you're not shot, if you're not going to tripping to plan your vacation, you're straight trippin balls, my dude, thank you for sponsoring us. If you are going on vacation soon, please consider hitting up trippin, not calm, /h 3! Next up, you lonely! You lonely! It's time to take control. Your life because well I, was lonely once I know what it's like it sucks, and these days it's harder and harder to meet people and find meeting relationships, I'm fortunate that I found ela relatively early in my life, because, if I, what would I do a guy like me and, like my my real-estate value, it goes down with time like when I. When you know when I was 18, I was like dateable right, like I'm, not gonna, say I was like handsome, but I was dateable, but like over years man, my values going down and it's hard and hard to meet people I'm I've gotten a lot of sympathy for you, lonely sons of [, __ ] out there, but here's what I've got there's there's a chance for all of us: ee, harmony. Okay, if you're, trying on like dating chances, are you've run into it, lazy text, messages dead in conversations or random matches that don't turn into dates. You can't get to know someone just by looking at their picture your dingus ee harmony. Although I listen up, I I'm married I, don't use it, but I have a lot of friends and family who have used harmony, and it's just better. It's a better experience. They the way that they do. It's not like. Oh just meet and and rub genitals. It's way more than that ok-hee harmony is unlike many other online dating sites. Er me takes steps that other sites don't in order to find you a more compatible match, they're built to help you find lasting, meaningful relationships, not a shallow hook-up site. They have helped over a million people, find the perfect match: ie Homer users, a harmony uses years and years of science, data, psychological research to send you the right match. He harmony, brings compatible people together and if I was single, I would be all over this, but you're, not I'm, not single trust me I would my if I had a dating profile. These days would be like ghost town I, think you exaggerate ghost town dude, but I would just have other dudes, with like female pictures being like hey just trying to make me like sad and [. __, ], listen! But that's not, but that's not gonna happen you and it's definitely not happening on eHarmony. There are plenty of hookup sites out there. That's not what we at eHarmony are so right now my listeners can get a free month with the army when they sign up for a three month subscription just enter my code h3 at checkout. That's a free month that you get a chance to find love, Wow, stop waiting and start your journey to a satisfied and meaningful relationship. It could be fun to play around with all my dating apps, but when you're ready to fall in love with someone and have a meaningful relationship, there's one app that's built to help you find real love and that's a harmony so come see how a harmony can change your life, go to eHarmony, calm and get started. Remember to use my code h3 at checkout for that free month with a three month subscription, so thank you so much to them for sponsoring us and for and-and-and, even more frankly for believing in true love mm-hmm. So if you're in the market for true love, who is it consider supporting us by going to eHarmony and finally, I just want to give a a last-minute correction, we did a copy last week for hellofresh and we forgot to put their easy link in the description. So if you guys are interested in trying out hellofresh, please go to our description. The link is there. There are a great food delivery service. It's delicious, you guys know the deal. The link is in the description code is Ashley podcast for three dollars off your first weeks of delivery. So thank you to them. That link is there. Thank you, everybody thank you to our sponsors. It consider supporting them because it supports us. Alright, thanks for watching, let's get right back into the juice boy. [Music] welcome back everybody to the a Street podcast I've got a question one that I wanted to ask you last time. I would have time to get to it. I want that really piggyback. So awful you were just talking about how there's different ways to explore the world, one of them being reading and I think that's one very, very important and timeless way of exploring the world. What do you think about this? For not less people are reading like it feels like almost nobody is reading per you know per capita. What do you make of that? Do you? Do you see that as a next essential crisis? No, what do you make of it? No, no well reading, as always reading for pleasure, has always been a minority occupation. Like most people, don't read for pleasure of the people who read for pleasure only a small proportion by books of the people who buy books only a small proportion by difficult books, it's a specialty market and and I, don't I, don't think that's changing. What I do see happening, though, is that that is being expanded in surprising ways by such things as YouTube, videos and podcasts. So you find you can find X the value and something like that is just as valuable something you could possibly find. An oh boy, well, I think that the two technologies have their advantages and disadvantages. The thing about a book that you can't get from a discussion is that a book is book is like a portrait as opposed to a photograph. You know photograph, it's clicked! That's that a portrait you layer on, and layer on, and layer on and work over on for weeks. You still have the same single image, but there's this depth to it and a book enables you to think and then rethink and think and then rethink, and so you can go deeper in a book than you can I would say in any other medium, but that doesn't mean you can't go deep in a podcast and it doesn't mean that there's no educational utility in in in podcast plus, there's audiobooks right and people are listening to those now. That's another question: do you think that audiobooks are just as valuable as books? Oh sure, just as good? Well, the thing about thing is: if you can really read, you can read way faster than you can listen. So reading is more effective, except that- and this is cool about podcasts and and what's what's game-changing about them, I would say. Is we can't read while you're driving yeah, you can't read while you're doing the dishes are exercising and so all of a sudden with the podcast world? People have all this time that was used, maybe listening to music, which is fine right, but lots of people now are listening to like difficult podcasts education. Yes, yes and long detailed discussions about political issues that was never possible with television or even with radio. For that matter, so, and you know people say well- young people have a fragmented attention span. It's like well yeah, but Joe Rogan does 3-hour podcasts and right. Those do just fine in your podcast is how old, how long, usually right so that's not for a fragmented attention, sure so nobody's good, you're, absolutely I think the number one person who listens to this podcast employers in general people who are occupied doing something else. Yes, mm-hmm, yep and I think you're right. That's a really valuable to be able to utilize that space definitely definite spend time. So that's why the podcast market I think has exploded. It's like oh look. I can make use of commuters. You know people spend thousands of dollars a month in their time commuting. It's like poof. All of a sudden. You can make that you can. You can take a university degree while you're commuting. Essentially you know in terms of the knowledge that you can attain so I'm, not pessimistic about that at all, and also the way that you have been using YouTube when your content is kind of amazing. It's yeah the way that there's hundreds of thousands of views on your lectures and yeah and they're difficult difficult. They stret they push me when I'm lecture and they're long, that's right and there's a big market for there's a big market for high-quality educational material, so we're in a demanding educational material. Let's say one of the brilliant things you've done. Is you you market yourself really well and to the new media I think we're your contemporaries were weren't doing that right, and so you really broke new ground with that and I mean it's paid dividends for you obviously yeah. Well, it's part of my insane curiosity. You know and I've always learned I've knew well it's this. It's the same thing we were talking about ten minutes ago. It's like I've done a lot of different things in my life and I've always felt like a complete idiot when I started doing them, because that's why Carl Jung said, for example, that the fool is the precursor to the savior. You have to be willing to be a fool to advance, because when you first move in your new direction, what the hell do you know you're just a bumbling dimwit. You know, but you won't be that for long, that's the thing, whereas, if you stay in your little safe place your little safe space, let's say then well, nothing! Well! Something will get you sooner or later. You can bloody well, be sure of that, but temporarily you're safe! Well, that's not helpful, and so when I started, you know it started. When I started talking to journalists, they would phone me and I would talk to them, and most of my colleagues would they'd usually say something dismissive about journalists like well. They always get it wrong like well. First of all, there's no they and and what makes you think you're important enough to pay attention to anyways and if they get it wrong, maybe it's because you didn't explain it very well and the journalists would call and I'd talk to them and well then they'd offer me an opportunity, so I got an opportunity to go on a TV show and I thought. Oh that's interesting! I'll go! Do that and so I did that and work pretty well and then I got an opportunity to do some more and then I was on a regular on a on a TV panel new show in Ontario, and then I got this little 13 part series that they made out of my courses and and started doing public lectures and those all worked, and then I thought, oh well what the hell would happen. If I put these on YouTube, there seems to be a market for them, but it was simply amateurish. You think that whole journey started by just taking the call from that first Gerald, oh sure, but taking it in a particular way. It was the same way that we're having this conversation, I, thought well journalist, has a question: oh I'm, not doing anything expedient I'm, not saying well, you know, I'm hoping that that something will come outcome of this, but I didn't have a specified goal in mind, thought let's have a conversation then, and let the chips fall where they will yeah yeah and so, and one of the things that distinguishes me I would say from many of my colleagues and MIT's. Perhaps from many people is that generally, when someone comes along and says what would you like to do this I'd say: okay, like let's give it a try and I, don't expect that I'm going to be particularly good at it to be? How would I be certainly not as good at it as I'm going to be? That's for sure right. You know because, obviously, when you first start something you're, just not that good at it, but you know, like I, felt like a fool when I strum when I first started to practice as a therapist or when I first started to lecture when I sister first started to work as a business consultant when I was designing software when I was going on, you know, starting to do media advances like what the hell do. I know, I, don't know how to do this. It's like whatever and it's like yeah yeah. Well, I mean you know the channel kind of limped along for a while I mean it depends on how you measure it, but I mean when I really sat up and paid attention was in April 2016. The views hit, the million mark and I thought million a. What does that mean? I really thought about it. I thought millions a lot if I sold a million books, it's like that's when you do the little touchdown dance right at the end of the field, because that just doesn't happen and I'd never write a scientific paper that had a million views that just never happens ever not once right, then you think. Well, if you talk to 50 stadiums, full of 20,000 people you'd think that's noticeable right. That's noticeable! I thought million and people were watching the lectures like their long lectures. They were watching. It was just 30 seconds. They were in there like some people would browse and pop out, but lots of them are watching them right to the end, and so I thought all right. What the hell is this YouTube anyways? What is this? It's not cute cat videos, yeah, it's it's and then I thought oh I, get it I see what it is. It's like the inventing of the it's like the invention of the printing press. It's that big for the first time in human history. The spoken word has as large a reach and as long a duration as a book. Right, that's never happened period, the graph analogy. It's a man that I thought just blew me away. I thought! Oh, this is a Gutenberg Revolution. This is a big deal and so about a two weeks later, I set up a patreon account and I did that because I'm in inordinately curious and I I've been interested in how creative people can monetize their production, because it's really hard creative people produce a lot of value, but they hardly ever get any of it. It's like the artists go into the city where it's ruined and they fix it up, but they rent because they don't have any money. They fix it up and then the you know the yuppies move in and so do all the high-end cool, clothing stores and soon the rents are so high. The artists have to leave. They didn't make any money, but the whole neighborhood is revitalized. Yeah, that's what that's life of an artist right! Is they get there first, but they don't accrue the material benefits, so I've been very interested in how to monetize and then patreon showed up and I thought. Well, that's interesting. It's like a donation, subscription model and I I didn't have a film crew filming my lectures and I was just using an iPad and I thought. Well, why don't I set up a patreon account? Then I'll see how it works and then maybe, if I make any money well, then I can hire a film crew and professionalize my content a little bit, and so that worked I was getting. You know like five hundred dollars us a month or something after the first month and I thought it's meaningful yeah, it's interesting. That was what was so cool right. That's why it's so irritating when people accused me of like profiteering. It's like one strange on the internet. I found this phenomenon to be true across the board anytime, a creator attempts to make money. It's somehow frowned upon or innately a bad thing. Yeah I, don't understand that quite the salads people expect artists and creative people to just be poor or not to me. It's like you, so I didn't sell. Oh that's! That's the thing that you hear all the tell you sell. Oh you see I you sold out it's like. So what you're saying is that if you have the opportunity to sell out which you don't by the way you wouldn't, if you had the opportunity, it's like you, you expect me to believe that it's like the reason you're not selling out, is because no one is buying in their fantasy they're they're better than you right right, yeah that that that helps solve the wounds to sorts of wounds. Is the creativity isn't working and needs it? Neither is the money-making well, like I, wouldn't sell out it's like yeah, you wouldn't have the opportunity. Also. What does anything mean? What does it sell out? Well, technically, is someone who's selling out would be, was subordinating their art to propaganda or advertising. You know something you don't they be using it again, an expedient manner you're going against what you know to be right. Yes, you're, you're abusing your art, yes, exactly! That's right, you're, subordinating your art to a secondary purpose. You know- and it's part of this sort of glamorous anti-capitalist idiocy that possesses often possesses people who are romantically creative. It's like Jesus, you better figure out how to live, because you're not gonna, be making a lot of paintings unless you solve that problem. They beautiful thing about patreon almost is, is completely the opposite of what they accuse. You of patreon allows you, if anything, not to sell out right I'll, let your art it gives you the opportunity to not write. I can't get demonetised well. I could use patreon to turn on me, but if they have it removes that whole incentive right right and, and it's it's the most. What would you call it transparent and reciprocal of interactions? It's like I'll, give you something, and if you want you can give something back, but you don't have to. If you want yeah, if you want weird, the strange thing is: is that people people want that speaks to that essential instinct for reciprocity. People actually don't want something for nothing if they value what they're being given and that's good, because that means they're not psychopaths, essentially they're not just take take. Take tabatha I honestly have found the generosity I found of complete strangers on the Internet touching yeah like we had a patreon, we don't have open anymore, but in the early stages of our YouTube we had something like $3,000 a month. It was like so meaningful for us because we're making maybe $1,000 a month from our YouTube channel, and that was so touching to me that that people were willing to donate what twenty twenty thirty fifty dollars a month of Wow. Absolutely it's a real shot of life, because there's people out there who are so kind and open-hearted that they they appreciate you that much and there's that care yeah and even when we said that we are closing it because we don't need it anymore. There was still a lot of people who messaged I said. We still want to give it to you, Yeah Yeah, right right and that's that demand for prosody. Well, people feel right, existentially guilty. If they repeatedly get something for nothing, I, think no, that's not sustainable and it's true. It's not sustainable. You want, and it's it I think it demeans you to take something for nothing repeatedly, because it violates that principle of fair exchange. Then you're, not a fair game player. You know: you're you're, a charity case that that, in the worst situation, you know not that that's necessarily pejorative because people in dire straits yeah often need a hand. But you don't want to be the eternal charity case who can never reciprocate? God, that's an awful fate! Sure last I checked your patreon. Was it's it's incredible. The amount of support yes I checked! Oh, is that like 40,000 I, don't know what it's at now? How is that money enabled you worked or change the way you live your life? How? What is that done for you? Well, I, still haven't figured that out. I mean it's enabled me to help my my my kids get established in the city, so that's been really useful. It's enabled me to plot a course. That's where there's a lot more risks involved so, for example, I rented, the Isabel Vader theatre in Toronto last year, I rented it for four twelve twelve sequential dates, not knowing whether I would be able to sell any tickets to do this biblical series you, but you have to give them a large deposit. Oh yeah, yeah I had to pay for half of it up front, something like that and so and then it's enabled me. It's also enabled me to sort of reconfigure what I'm doing and I still haven't part of the answer to that I gave you a part of the answer, but part of the answer is I have been so busy in the last 15 months every single day that I haven't had a chance to sit down and think about what I should be doing in in anything resembling the medium to long term and I. Don't know I mean there are there. There are projects that I have underway. I've started to work on this idea for an online university and the first thing we're building and I'm funding this with the patreon money, we're building a competitive writing module. So imagine this is kind of how it looks so imagine that we have a bank of paragraphs of all different topics and you can pick a paragraph and then you pick the paragraph and you can write a commentary on it or you can rewrite it see. If you can make it better or you can summarize it and then you post it and then the next thing you have to do is you have to take someone else's summary or rewrite or analysis, and you have to grade it. You and all you'll do is you'll, see, person, A's, summary person, B's, summary and person sees summary and you just have to pick which one you say is best click and then that person will get a point, and so that way your writing will be rated. And then you have to give a couple of words about why you thought this one was better and so we're setting up. We want to set up an apparatus that'll allow people to engage in game-like, competitive writing exercises so that they can learn to write online. So that's the first. We want to build a reading module. We want to build a writing module. We want to build a speaking module cool, and so we want to build the online university, not on the model of an old university which would be lectures tests. There may be a space for that, but with new technology you know it's Marshall McLuhan observed that the medium is the message and what he meant by that was a car is not a horseless carriage. God only knows what a car is right. You think a car is something that gets you from point A to B. It's like well yeah car is something that transforms the content of the atmosphere and warms up the planet. Well, we didn't see that coming a car is something that completely reshaped the way people live in cities. While we didn't think of that either. It's also the leading I think it's the second leading cause of death. Something like that. So a car is a lot of very complicated things and whatever YouTube is whatever this computational power offers. Us is not a brick-and-mortar university, it has to be a different model, can aim at the same thing, because you should learn integrate in a great humanities program. You should learn to speak, formulate your damn arguments, articulate yourself learn how to negotiate be clear. You should learn how to write, because if you can write- and this is something for people out there wondering about the value of education, it's simple. The person who makes the best argument and the person who tells the best story wins everything all the time period, especially if they follow up on it, and so, if you can like, even if you're negotiating for a raise, it's like you want to raise, you want to raise. You both come talk to me. It's like the person who makes the best case gets the raise. You know unless there's something crooked going on sure and yeah and that what happens in life all the time. So you want to be educated. So you learn how to use language because it makes you competent, powerful, influential, eradicate resentment it. It helps you like collaborate with other people, it's everything to master language, and so that's the modules that we're building that sounds really and and I think gamifying. It hmm competitive element because partly because well, there's a competitive spirit and almost everyone, but men in particular, who are bailing out of universities like mad, will almost not do anything unless there's a competitive element. It's like well I want to learn to write. It's like yeah, yeah, yeah, no I want to order than you exactly. Why do you think these there's lots of these internet types, the troll types who think they're smart, I'm, smart, it's like! Okay! Thanks are so damn smart. Here's a paragraph by Immanuel, Kant yeah, see if you can write a better one, oh really, and everyone will vote on it and we'll see how damn smart. You are man. Maybe you are smart like more power to you, man or maybe you will be in two years, so I think the competitive writing. Module were really excited about something that would be cool. So imagine you could take a book like a book by Immanuel Kant, which is like it's impossible to read or a book by Heidegger, it's just impossible to read. You could put it up paragraph by paragraph and have people rewrite it say like okay, here's a paragraph mm-hmm make it understandable. Well, how do we know it's good? Well, everyone's gonna vote on it's like, so you can rewrite the whole. Damn book crowd. You could crowdsource the rewriting of a classic by Heidegger, so that people could actually read it. It's almost like the monkey today, yeah yeah exactly metaphor: oh yeah yeah. The whole aspect of voting on it is really really make sense what you'd be see doing his crowdsourcing grading because yeah, like let's say you want to teach people to write and I, have a by the way for your for your listeners. If they go to my webpage, it's kind of hidden. If you go to my webpage, Jordan B, Peterson comm and you look at my courses, there's a course site 2:30 and if you look in there, there's a template for writing and you can download that templates. Just a word document, it will tell you how to write. It tells you exactly the steps to take and it will help you write way better than you've written before and I want to and and I want to computerize that and game a5 as well, but the the problem with teaching someone how to write is all on the grading end. You know because it's impossible like if you write a bad essay like my students, will write bad essays for their first essay and maybe it takes them four hours to write a bad essay and, if I graded it properly, it would take me like 20 hours. It's like what's wrong with your essay. Okay, everything. The words are wrong because you're using words, you don't understand and you're pretentious they're put in awkward phrases, because you use cliches all the time and they're, because you're lazy and useless and you don't know anything and then the the the the the phrases are put badly into sentences, and so the sentences aren't any good and then they're not in the right order. In the paragraph and then the paragraphs aren't in the right order and then the whole essay doesn't sum to anything: it's like you've made mistakes at every single level of analysis and fixing. That is like it's impossible. It's like I, can't things like yeah. That's right, I fix that by saying that sucks, do it again right, and so so it's so costly to teach people to write, because you need someone who can write to grade and people who can write are expensive and the grading is unbelievably onerous, so we thought well. How can we fix that? Well, we have to fix it at the production end. So we have to guide you through the production. Then we have to crowdsource the grading, because then you take the expense out of it. So our goal for the university is to produce an online education system that is like 10 times as efficient and one-tenth the price. Something like that and I think that's eminently doable now, whether or not I will have the time to do it. That's a different matter because love the idea and if somebody's out here listening in two years, if it's not done, do it Oh Dan just says we gave your website the hug of death, which means it's probably down from so many viewers which website probably one day. Oh wow I wonder now infamous interview that I'm sure everybody's seen before, for if you guys haven't seen it, it's terrific give it a watch. It's just Jordan Peterson interview, channel, 4 it'll show up. It's got like over five million views. Now the the reporter was extremely confrontational and I think the clip was so powerful because how how calmly and skillfully you parried each of her verbal attacks and well, first of all, I wanna I'm wondering. Did you anticipate that interview to be conducted like that? Were you expecting that kind of competitiveness, no interests, I'll, tell you what happened so and and partly why it turned out the way it turned out so I walked into the channel 4 studios in London. I was having a wonderful time in London. The people at penguin UK took wonderful care of me for a very yep and so I had a bunch of press appearance is scheduled just back-to-back and so I wasn't paying much done get in there yeah. Well, when they didn't know, you know they didn't know, and so we walked into the green room and the the interviewer was there and she was getting made up and she was all chirpy and friendly and we had a decent exchange and then we went and my wife was with me and we had like a pleasant exchange and then we went and sat in front of the cameras. The cameras were off and we talked for two or three minutes and it was all chipper and fun. You know and and then the cameras went on it was like she was a different person huh and the thing is I'm. A clinical psychologist and I've talked to people for I, don't know how much somewhere between 25,000 and 50 well and I've talked to every sort of person you can possibly imagine and a bunch of sorts of people that you can't imagine and so I have clinical antennae and when someone does something like that, when they're one person one second and a different person, the next second, it's like I think oh I see I'm, not where I thought I was what she do. You think she was intentional and and like the friendly back said, be confrontational to throw you off. Intentional is tough, see if you practice something long enough. You do it automatically without intention, but you were intentional. While you were developing the habit, sure and so I would say well, you know maybe what she was doing or maybe she would rationalize what she was doing was saying. Well, you know we were two people to begin with and then I snapped into my professional mode right. It's like okay, I, get it fair enough, except why that professional mode you know so I, don't buy it. It's like yeah I, get it like you're playing a hard-hitting journalist, but actually you're, not playing that you're you're parodying hard-hitting journalist, because what a hard-hitting journalist does is say: okay, here's this person and I've investigated them and I think that there's something not good going on, but it actually bothers me and I'm actually curious about it and so I'm gonna think, okay. Why does this bother me and I'm gonna, give them a chance to defend themselves but I'm not going to let them off the hook and then I'm gonna ask them questions that I really want to have answered, and not on behalf of someone else or anything like that. It's just like here's! What you here's your responsibility! This is what you were charged with and it looks like this is what you were doing. What do you think of that? And the person offers their rush now you say: well, I, don't quite buy that because you know I, listen but I don't buy it because of this, and this it's like it's genuine, even though it's like full-on assault, it's genuine but her her strategy, let's say, wasn't genuine. There was nothing genuine about it, it was, it was an act and I knew she was acting pretty much the second the interview started cuz because she pulled that the base of switch on yeah, okay and I've had this happen to me before, where I'm talking to someone, and they do something I think oh I'm, in a clinical situation here, I'm not in the real world, I see so is anyway you thought that first happened. Oh my god! Oh yes, I understand. It's like I, see I'm, not where I thought I was that part of the reason why you were able to stay so cool? A comic luck, yeah yeah, cuz I was just watching. No, no and I wasn't perfectly cool and collected either cuz. She did set me on edge. Quite good, though it was good. Now, all things considered, that's right. All things considered. It was good enough, and so so I got detached and I was watching her. You know and I she'd say something and I think that bears no resemblance like I couldn't even really be offended about. It was like, if you misinterpret me in a way that captures 60% of what I was saying and then distorts the other 40%. It's like well. That can be annoying because you got me and you're, but you're twisting it. So it's sort of hit hurts you know, but if you're like a hundred percent, saying something that I didn't say, it's like it's hard to even take offence, because it's like well I see that you're attacking someone yeah, but it doesn't seem to be here with her and her famous line throughout the interview was so what you're saying is she said that over and over it was like it was. She had a trick and the trick was reinterpret the statement in the most inflammatory possible manner. Sure it's like well, first of all, that's only one trick. It's like you should have like 10 tricks, at least because you're, a professional journalist like let's, let's move on to the next trick, shall we or maybe to give the devil her due in this case, you could say well, she's skeptical of me and- and she has her reasons- she's fairly, representing a large number of people who are critical right right. So you could make that case and say: ok, so then you'd say all right. She gets to have out me 5 times, but if that doesn't work, if it doesn't go anywhere, then she might think oh well something about the way I'm approaching. This is not right. The problem with the interview was that it wasn't that she was an attack dog like I, felt afterwards I said I felt, like I've, been being attacked by 20 miniature pitbulls, all at once. You know so and I was sure and I should say this to the credit of Channel. Four. Perhaps I was absolutely sure after the interview that what would happen was that they would cut it so that I looked dreadful right and I thought now. That was the certain outcome. As far as I was concerned- and it didn't like I wasn't really bothered by it, because I was off to do the next thing, whatever it was, but but I had no idea well, I think I have no idea what was going to have to their great credit. Well, it's so easy on YouTube to disable the comments disable thumbs up or to cut it, and this guy we're not to post it at all. Right there, like that, was a disaster. I look bad yeah to their great credit. They posted the whole thing. Unedited yeah comments open like an open and I mean god bless him for that yeah today you know what you you really dominated that situation and they owned it, see I, don't I, don't think they knew that you think that went after that. They're, like that was great, let's well I kind of know that, because I had I had some communication afterwards through various channels to find out yeah, yeah cuz, you know one of the things did I asked Kathy Newman through someone I knew if she I said, look that didn't go very well and you're getting kind of no shredded on YouTube and I said: let's, let's it wasn't. The conversation I wanted to have because, like it worked out fine for me, like all these, millions of people was fine yeah more than fine, but it wasn't. The conversation I wanted to have I wanted to have an actual conversation, so I said well, look what we could do is why don't we do it again, but this time let's have a conversation. You said that before it was supposed to door, afterafter, okay, yeah, yeah and like set this straight because, like she was getting torn apart on YouTube, you know, I could have sat back and thought. Oh, that's so satisfying she just kidding what just what she deserved and, of course, a little evil. Part of me that felt that, but the more sensible part was saying. Well, look, you know it's like okay, 400,000 dislikes, it's like message received, you know it's enough and so I thought well, people make mistakes and we could have a sensible conversation and everybody could come out of this a little smarter than they were yeah. But but I got a response from her again through back door channels, and she said she didn't understand what had happened because she thought the interview had gone very well. It reminds me so much of the humongous thing, of course, which what brought us together right the fact that xarna originally posted that video they can hail. Yeah I got him yeah, right and and and Rudy had also reached out afterwards to he wanted to meet and make amends yes. Yes, she also rebuked him rudely I, don't know if that's what I've been here case, but well. No, she just didn't respond. Well, no, that's not right! She's! That's alright! She said: let's wait for this to cool down for a few days and revisit it, and it's like well that that it didn't progress passed out, but but see something happened to me that was similar to that too, and- and it was the thing that actually made all of this, it was one of the key stages in all of this. Going viral I made those videos criticizing the Canadian, compelled speech legislation yeah, and then there was a couple of protests, one against me, one for me and at the free speech protest for me, where I was invited to talk, I came and talked, and a bunch of activists took the mic and blasted white noise and just generally behaved in a a cinematically inappropriate manner on the civil life. Yes, yes, in a way that didn't play well on YouTube. Well, after that, I went to my office and did some work. I came down to talk to the cops to see if everything was okay, you know and if things had cleared up, but if anybody got hurt or anything like that and I talked to the cops for a bit and then on the way back. I got surrounded by unfriendly aggregation of trans activists and they went after me, and you know accusing me of having Nazis out the rally and all sorts of things and they videotaped it. You know they have their phones out and they were videotaping me and they're. Gonna they're gonna show the world what I was like. So we had a conversation for about 45 minutes which they videotaped I. Think, apart from the Kathy Newman video, that is the most watched, video that right, I, wrote, I, know that one yeah and they I'm sure they posted it. They pose. They accuse you of being Nazis. Yes, that's right and being a bigot Rancher and all these things and yes and they posted it because they thought this will discredit that damned professor and it it was completely not what had their their accusations. What they charge of was just so like idiotic and unfounded, like I, can't imagine anyone watching that and being convinced, because it's really nothing but but that is the mystery right. It's the same mystery we're talking illusion of people baby thought that that that would be confidence from nothing mmm-hmm and they thought that that would bring them and I do think it's the same phenomenon. It's ideological blindness, yeah, nothing yeah! Well, you surround yourself with people who think exactly the same way, yeah exactly and and then any kind of a shrinking. Oh yeah, sure. Oh, it's a terrible, shrinking, oh yeah! Well, that's partly why ideologies get so out of hand is because you surround yourself with with self reflecting material you're, not traveling, you're, not you're, not trying abusing yourself. No, no, no young and the circle gets tighter because you know what, if your friends so you've got rid of anyone who says anything, you don't disagree, her don't agree with, and then one of your friends you're a little weaker and you're all little more homogeneous. And then one of your friends says something that's a little out of line. It's like hey you're out of here man, you're their heretic heretic and then well now, you're down to five people around you and they're, even more homogeneous and smaller, and then it's four people. It's like soon. There's nothing levers to the bottom. It's a race to the bottom and there's nothing left of you by the time you hit the bottom. Oh it's ugly, it's ugly! That's why you don't want to get caught in, like an ideological, vortex, I! Think! That's! What's so scary about! You know that that whole movement right it's just so or movements right and Jenna's in general, yeah I mean that's. The danger of ideological movements is that they oversimplify and then fall prey to their own over over simplifications. I want to ask you I, don't know if you followed it, but did you follow the whole Logan Paul thing on YouTube, because that had such no I didn't I didn't I, don't know about it. It's a heard and I've heard about it, but it's Oh, Union yeah, so extremely popular vlogger on top of the world on YouTube, he's he's killing it just to put it in perspective. The dude gets like 1 to 3 million new subscribers every month. Hmm 300 million views a month, he's just killing it, but most people who aren't kids Washington generally agree that he's kind of a douche bag right, and so he goes to Japan and he's. Is this the corpse yeah? Oh yeah? Okay, so he anyway, he he's being really rude about the culture in Japan, but it escalates to this great great moment, climactic climactic great. Maybe anyway, he goes into the suicide forest famous forest in Japan and he finds an unfortunate soul who had committed suicide and he ended up turning it into kind of a prop in this video. He took a thumbnail picture with it with like the dangling body. In the background he he's standing neck is mono logging with this poor son of a [ __ ] should hang him from a noose net. Very just Wow over the line. Isn't crazy and a lot of people were shocked by one of the things that was really shocking. That someone had had pointed out was that I was about a full day before the larger community had started to be like yo. What is going on here, his fanbase that video had like 10 million views, no fire before the 5 million views. You know five hundred thousand like likes 99% likes, so on the on the surface level, everybody was like. This is fine and I like it mm-hmm, and it wasn't a total day later. What everyone was like this is weird. This is not good that the video started to get hate and eventually became infinite outside outside the outsiders fanbase. Oh just curious. If you had thoughts about about that, I, don't know how familiar well I think that is a good example of the danger of an echo chamber. I mean the same thing happened to some degree in the aftermath of the Kathy Newman video, because what happened the next day was that The Guardian newspaper in the UK posted a story saying I think the title was something like channel. 4 has to call in security experts in the aftermath of share of interview and then in the first few lines they characterized me with all the epithets that I'm characterized by by people who think they hate me and then they said well. Channel 4 had to call in security experts and the police and I read that and I thought okay. Well, you can call in security experts about anything and the police and the fact that they're called in doesn't that you call them in azam find evidence of any credible threat. It's like it's and and then she turned into the victim of the story and so I tweeted I said and I tweeted to her I said really. You wanna you wanna. This is how you want this to go. You want to be now you're. The victim of this is that right and then but I also tweeted, and this was my most retweeted tweet last month, because I just looked at it. I said: okay, fine, look like maybe she I looked at the comments and they're pretty rough. You know- and there was lots of them so I tweeted I, said, look if you're, we were just exchanging words right. It's like if you're threatening her, then back the hell off I had just yeah I blew it and leave her me. You know it's like enough. Isn't that important to say yeah, but the weird thing was that was picked up by a whole bunch of newspapers the next day as evidence that the threats were real hosting, that that's you guys and I run tattoo your critics any any time you make yourself vulnerable or attempt to do the right thing. The people who are out to get you will always leverage that again yeah they don't yeah, don't apologize to the mob but like no. You must definitely should have done that because your yeah, your credibility, it means to your fans more than one of the work to like they're like I felt ambivalent about it. When I saw how it had been twisted and then I thought well, maybe I should have just shut the hell up. You know, because it's kind of sad when you like I, was trying to get people to think of it. That's how social media and and I felt that it makes you turn in. Oh and I. Don't like that right right. We're here, like man, I, should have said any. That's right, that's right, bad! That is bad. That is bad! So then, like 20 newspapers picked up this store all through the UK and I said. Oh, this is how this is gonna go. It's like you know, I have to do anything. You know you got attacked interview, mm-hmm, that's right! That's cute! So that's kind of like this. This situation that you were describing is that the the fan base around Kathy, Newman and or at least her ideological allies, let's say said: oh no! This is terrible. She got victimized by this brute professor and all his legions of troll. Followers I have five million troll followers, apparently on YouTube, which is pretty impressive and they're all trolls. That was also interesting and but then there was a backlash against that right and it was some of the more serious journalists. I would say. Came out of the woodwork and said: hey, hey, wait a minute here like no, this isn't a simple victim oppressor narrative. Even though that's the only story, you radical leftists know how to tell that's not really what happened here and then it it settled out. Well, apart from the fact that I would have rather just had this sort of conversation with her that we're having, because that was my goal, it couldn't have possibly worked out more expediently for me, you know, and one of the things I've noticed out of her fall. She was looking for experience, yes and it ended up backfiring you. Yes, yes, yes! Well, it was the same thing that happened with the protests. This has happened to me. It's another reason why I think I was able to remain composed during that interview. I went to McMaster University about a year ago, a little more, and it was just insane like the protesters occupied the room and they were all chanting and yelling and screaming away, and there was in those crowds. I've noticed this in those crowds there's always two or three people, they're, usually men who are a lot of them, are just like silly quasi deluded virtue, signaling 18-year old people who just don't know any better right, they're there, because their professors sent them yeah. You know and I'm looking them and I. Think, oh, you know you're just deluded kids fundamentally, but there's always a few people at those rallies who are really not good people, and there were a couple there they're just psychopaths who were looking for trouble and I could see a couple of them. In fact, they were the same ones that a couple of different protests and one of them was behind me with a woman and they were blaring an airhorn at me from about two feet away, and that was like look there. You can yell all you want, but, like you deafened me at your peril right, so so anyways I with that, but I, just let them yell and scream and do their thing and I tried to talk and they draw me out completely and then they police closed the venue, because there were too many people in the room and the protesters wouldn't leave. So then I went outside and I talked, I stood up on a table and I talked to people outside you know, and that video worked out extraordinarily well from there again. But what I've noticed this is. The thing that's been so strange is that over the last 15 months knock on wood, every time I've been pushed into a corner and remained composed sure the narrative reversed every single console wants something. I've noted is that every time they come at you, you get more followers for every critic that comes at you. You get 10 more followers, and this pattern has we've seen it over and over again, and yet they still come yeah less though, but the thing thing is less still. It really goes back to what you said. They're being expedient, yeah you're being genuine yeah, mostly the ones who come after me now our academics, who are incautious, let's put it. That way, is that that's certainly what they are: they're incautious and journalists who are unscrupulous and looking to improve yeah and less so. The protesters and I've really put the protesters that the social justice types in in Canada in an awkward position. It's actually. This is the evil part of me talking it's one of my proudest accomplishments. Let's say, as I figured out how to monetize social justice warriors how's that because they come out and and protest against me and then my patreon account grows. Oh yeah, yours I, take kids, it's like we can't! Let him talk, because if he talks, then people listen to him. That's no good! Cuz he's this evil guy he's an evil capitalist which I immediately admit to it. Like yeah I mean Eagle cabin. Listen! It's like what's got a problem with that, it's like so that that just doesn't work very well. It's like! Well, we come out, protest him and then it gets richer and that there's nothing. That's more! Annoying to someone, especially when people are just donating, the money, essentially just and so like in Edmonton recently, this city in Alberta I had booked a theater and we've signed like three levels of paperwork. We are one level away now: I had tweeted that I was coming to the theater and then they decided that I couldn't go to the theater. You know, despite the book fact that I'd had a book published by a major Canadian publisher, it's penguin, you know it's not like, and so they just canceled and then they lied about it. It's like, oh well, dr. Peterson hadn't signed the final paperwork, which was true in the narrowest technical sense because we were operating on good faith. Certainly wasn't your intention to ever cancel that know that or that I jumped the gun by announcing it's like no look guys we'd be negotiating about this. For a month you gave me the go-ahead: I went through the three lowest strata. There was one formal thing that had to be done, so they cancelled me well that caused all sorts of fuss. But then, an hour later, this guy emailed me from a hotel, and they said: oh, you can do it at our hotel. We have a venue for 700 instead of 250 and it sold out so yeah and the Ryerson University cancelled our free speech event. We had 200 people slated to attend. 1,500 people came to the to the one that we held as a replacement. I learned that trying to repress free speech really makes it louder, yeah like time and time again, yeah the harder you try. Even when it comes to the violence, it makes it even louder. It was one of our big break, a YouTube network falsely took down and video of ours. We were critical of one of their clients and they filed what's called a DMCA which is illegal, oh yeah. That was the case legal case that you guys had before before break. We were a small Channel and there was a huge controversy because we're like man. This is not. We made a video, not an amount like this is [ __ ], like Gary takedown, are like silence us and and censor us, because we're critical of one of their one of their clients and I mean that was our big breaks right that video talking about it. When you could say viral right, it was already great right and it ended up. We grew so much yes, so no story. So one of the things I've learned in the last 15 months is I've learned a lot. I've learned that people that most people, the majority of people are far more timid than you would think. Even if you thought they were timid. True I've learned that there are marked exceptions to that. So James d'amour is a good example, like he's a very quiet, soft-spoken guy, but the guy's got a spine of Steel. You know and Lindsey Shepard the woman who was involved in the Laurier wilfrid laurier scandal in Canada, like they messed with the wrong girl, cuz she's, tough and straight, like she hasn't made a single error dealing with that. What's been an immense international scandal around what happened to her? She just plowed through that like a trooper Matt was really impressive. So, although most people, perhaps the majority, are too timid to risk, they don't want to rock the boat know. Why well and understand that Cheryl doors there's been times I, like won't during the lawsuit I thought many times like I should have just [. __ ] settled this from the start, yeah right right. Well, you would think that in the middle of a lawsuit is just like having a you, don't generate a lawsuit lightly, because even if you win it's like a couple of years of your life, there is no winner. That's for sure, that's reversed. It is really one especially divorced with kids. Oh man, you know that can be 10 year. 15 years out of your life, you really got to watch that I wouldn't recommend it. Oh yes, sir! It's not it's not pleasant. What I wanted to ask you to follow up the whole conversation about your interview. What was it like afterwards when the cameras went off and it was all wrapped up? What happened? What was what happened with you guys? Oh, it was fine. It was back to normal life. Absolutely oh, no I I was four. First of all, I was rushed a because we were moving so I didn't have a lot of time to think. But what I thought I went back into the green room and my wife was there I just shook my head, I told her look. I'm I was not happy with the interview, mostly because I thought that you would I thought they'd cut it yeah. You know I know even that. I didn't care about that before sir okay. This didn't go the way it was supposed to, but whatever like I'm, not gonna. Whine about that, like everything that happens to me, can't be like extraordinarily good yeah and so now, and then this is gonna happen. It's okay, but I was concerned that they would be crooked in the editing room but and but then I didn't think about it much after that and then well then they posted it and then it well. Then it was just that was just crazy. What's still crazy, I mean it's. It was number seven trending on YouTube for like three days and more views, I know, I, know well and and that that only counts. The direct views of the video right will have cut it up. It's on Facebook, this of it. You know it's just this video about. You know how to be composed under fire and analyzed. It's crazy. That's the guys that I had confused with the other yeah I haven't watched that, but it like it got what how many views is it something yeah? It's it's! It's crazy! Well, there's some other questions. I want to ask you, but we're pushing the two-hour mark, so I'm gonna move to wrapping it up, but in the last episode we did together. We had finished off by asking you for a ghost story and you had offered us a wonderful little tale of a haunted hotel. Mm-Hmm. Do you remember yeah, but you had also mentioned you had another one you had mentioned at the beginning. You had two and you would tell us the funnier one yeah. Do you want funny? This is it's a ghost story? - are you? Are you open to telling the second one I can try? Okay, okay, all right so I was in northern Saskatchewan about it's gotta be 20 years ago now and I had gone to visit some cousins that I hadn't seen for years and I was close to them. When I was young and I admired them, they were very the woman. In particular, she was the most beautiful woman. I ever met she's. She was one of those women. It was so beautiful. You couldn't even be near her. It was just too much to bear you know, and it wasn't good for her. It was too much. You know: Helen of Troy, yeah yeah, really just amazingly beautiful woman. Her mother was very beautiful, woman, 2 and so her sister as well, but she was particularly stellar and I, was very close with her sister, who was my age, and we went to visit them in this little town in Saskatchewan and she was living in a basement apartment with a baby, and this is the beautiful woman and it wasn't really happy time like I had gone off to university and my sister was with me and so was my brother. We had gone off to have our adventures and they had kind of stayed in this little cloistered small-town environment. The one I thought they were both she hadn't manifested their full potential, let's say, and so it was kind of melancholic, sad Bruce, Springsteen's sort of you know that glory days thing, and so we were there for a while, and we were there for a couple hours. My brother, my younger brother, had really hero worship, this woman, when he was a kid and and and not surprisingly, you know, and and when we left my sister who's. A very clear-headed person turned to me and said glory days in reference to the Bruce Springsteen song, and that was kind of sad you know and because it was right and my brother just got upset. He was just upset about that because he thought that what my sister had said was mean, and perhaps it was, but it was dead or maybe he thought that what she said was cruel or implied or any of those things, and but she was willing to see this dark reality and he was not and he was having some trouble in his life at that point, with his marriage and with other things and I was very irritated that he went after my sister now we had got back together. We were living in very different parts of the world, so we got back together too. It wasn't like we'd, been hanging around with each other that much, and so we drove back to my another relative's house for Christmas. It was like 30 below 12 Evan o'clock at night bear Saskatchewan highway no.1 on it, cuz there's. No one on the Saskatchewan is especially not at 11 o'clock. In the morning when it's like or 11 o'clock at night, when it's 30 below and this snow was drifting across the roads and I was having a serious conversation with my brother telling him that it wasn't appropriate for him to go after my sister just because she could see what was right in front of her face, and he was kind of naive. You know, and so we had a kind of a scrap and what we were trying to sort things out. And so then we got to my my aunt's place and they lived in a farm in northern central Saskatchewan. It was very pitch dark and like icy icy bitterly cold, it must have been I said 30 below, but I think it was colder than that man. It was plenty cold man and my sister went in the house and my brother and I weren't done talking and so I said. Look, let's not go in we're, not done talking yet so we went into my cousin's garage. It was an old log garage and inside that he had a 1970 AMC sports car rare car that he was restoring and he hadn't touched it for a couple of months. It wasn't heated in the garage it had a tarp over it and I was talking to my brother and the conversation was getting more heated and I. Had this uncanny sense and I can't remember this exactly right, because it's so long ago, I had this uncanny sense that something was going to happen and I said to him. I knew he had been reading, Carlos, Castaneda and there's this there's a bird in Carlos Castaneda that shows up now and then, when Castaneda has something to learn and I said you should be careful, because if, if you don't open your eyes, then then something is going to come to visit you that you do not want to see, and at that very moment there was inside the trunk of that car, which had been sitting there not being touched for like a month. There was the beating of large wings and it was really really loud and really obvious, and it was there was a sense of this. There was a sense of the uncanny around it. You know it was like it was so perfectly timed. It was a synchronous moment and oh yeah, oh yeah, both heard. That was for sure. We both heard it yeah and I, said that I said that's gonna happen again and it happened again. I said that's gonna happen again, and it happened again. So it happened three times and three is an interesting number, because if something happens three times like it's not once you know it's three times, yeah I said you know, that's a better that yeah well that that's that this this this this, this spirit of wisdom has visited you and you have something to learn. You know, and so we both left the house and we were quite shaken up by that. We didn't know what to say: I can the Trump? No? No, no and that's a great question, because afterwards we both thought. Well. Why didn't we just go ahead like get the keys, but I'll tell you when something like that happens, that isn't what you do. That's all I can say about that. It's like there wasn't anything in the trunk like there wasn't an owl. There wasn't an owl in the trunk. It's like! First of all, how could there be an owl in the trunk? First, it would be dead, it's 40 below, like nothing lives. You know when it's that cold and what it's just sitting there waiting for that moment to flap its wings. It's like so part of the reason you all you both knew yeah, nothing in there. That's right did you know it was so obvious that the right response wasn't. The phrase was when the bird of knowledge visits you in the middle of the night, to teach you something. The right response is not to look in the trunk right. So so we walked in. We walked into the house and that's fine, and so he went to sleep and he came to me the next morning. He said he had a terrible nightmare that he was fighting off this like demonic creature at night, with a electric carving knife, and so we talked about that. That was all well and good, and so then about three years later, four years later we went back to the same place and we were walking my cousin. They had a house and then another house about an eighth of a mile away on the same farmstead and we were staying in the second house. It was an old house, and so we were walking back from the house where this had happened to the other house, and we were talking about it because it was an uncanny experience and there was some other things that happened associated with it. That I can't explain it's too complicated to explain them, and so we walked into the house and we turned on the lights, and we got to the moment where we were talking about the bird appearing in the trunk and the lights went off in the house, and so it was like an echo. It was like a tap. It's like this happened three times and whap like here's, a reminder that it happened and well. That was that was that. That was the second ghost story and it was like it not explicable, not explicable and not explicable to him either, and it's great that you guys shared that. Yes, yes, definitely you definitely still talk about it with him from oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah yeah. We still talked credible, but we don't there's no explaining it any more than there's are so they're in the garage. No I, don't believe so it was a long time ago. It was a long time, I think my cousin probably sold it. So whoever got that car. That's right, Wow, thanks for sharing that yeah no problem. Well, thank you again for coming and joining us and gracing us. Well, thanks very much for the invitation. Twelve rules for life, an antidote to chaos available on Amazon and soon its publishing. What's the difference it's on Amazon ping did they already publish it out? Is that oh, it's available it's available everywhere, yep anywhere, and you also had the self oh yes, program. Yeah I have two programs that fo might be interested in. One is called self authoring and there's a code that will go up yep, so I, don't know if it's active yet, but it soon will be 20% off on that program and that program, it's a writing program online. It's designed to help people set their house in order. You can write an autobiography because it'll help you update your vision of yourself, bring things that you haven't fully processed in the past into order so that you can be free of them. It helps you analyze your virtues and false, so that you get some sense of who you are in the present, how to rectify your faults and capitalize on your virtues, and then it helps you. These are three separate programs. Then it helps you define a vision for your future. So imagine that you were treating yourself like you were someone you were responsible for helping that's rule 2 by the way you might say well, three to five years down the road you can have whatever you want. Okay, that's the deal, but you have to define it. You have to know what it is you have to think about. It's like what do you want from your friends? What do you want from your family and what are you willing to? You know offer in return? Do you have a career plan? Do you have a plan for your education for your physical and mental health, for your use of of temptation, drugs and alcohol, for example? You can have what you want, but you have to define it now right for 15 minutes about the life you could have if you were treating yourself properly and it would be the life that would justify the suffering and difficulty that it would take to accomplish it, because that's what you're aiming at and then you're asked to write for 15 minutes about a counter vision which is okay. You don't do any of this. You let your bad habits and your resentment overtake you and you end up in the dark place. That's special just for you in three to five years. What does that look like so then you have your little hell to avoid, and so when you're feeling weak and useless and thinking. Why should I do this and the hope isn't enough? You'll think? Oh, it's so that I don't end up. Oh yeah, okay, I'm on board! For that and when you're a little more positive, you can think well this thing that I posit is really worth attaining and then it asks you to make a strategic plan around that. So that's self authoring and thousands of people have done that. We have great data from university students indicating that, if kids do that, even for an hour that it increases the probability that they'll stay in school by about 30% well yeah, because people don't make a plan for their life, they think life happens to me. I know a leaf in the wind. It's like well yeah, but you don't have to be. You know that exercise alone of just imagining like what is it that you actually want three and resolve is something it just makes. You focus. That's really find that focus. That's rule, 10! That's exactly right that it makes you focused. It's like you cannot hit a target that you do not aim at sure, so you have to define the target and then it Orient's your perceptions and Orient's your perceptions themselves and your emotions. I can say you know Erica Lee, that every like paradigm shift, like great thing, that's happened in our lives, has always been the result of like exact, focus and vision. All right, then, when we figure out exactly what we want and we just aim for yeah yeah, yeah. Well, I've seen this as a clinician, it's like why don't people get what they want? Well, sometimes they have terrible luck like that happens like let's make no mistake about that, but the most common reason that people don't get what they want is because they don't specify what it is. No, and it's also the case if you're negotiating with your partner, it's like! Well, you have this relationships, not going very well okay. Why don't you try telling your partner exactly what you want? Well, I, don't know what I want! Well, then, what do you want them to guess? It's like! Good luck, and by the way, it's not easy fun figure it out. Sometimes it just takes them. Making yourself think about it for a moment. Just like understand, think would you solve what is it that I really want yeah? Normally, you don't do that? No, you don't want to stop and think about it. You don't! Well you you open up your imagination, it's like you! There's this line in the New Testament uh knock and the door will open ask and you will receive, and you think oh I can't I can't be true. It's like that's so naive. It's like well, try it! It's like sit down and say: okay, maybe I could have what would be good for me. Dare I ask myself what I want? Well then you're terrified, because you think well, if I specify what I want then I know when I fail. It's like that's annoying. Keep that all vague and foggy you don't know when you fail, that's convenient except you fail, which sucks and you never get what you want or what you need, and then you get bitter and you hate everything, your life sucks and you get old, quick. You die mr. stan myself, calm and that that's an easier sight that way there. You can spend about 10 minutes filling out about a hundred questions, and it will give you a very detailed analysis of your personality, and that can be because what you you should know who you are well enough, so that you can match who you are to, where you're going because like if you're, if you're, not very conscientious and you're, very open, you're, an entrepreneurial and creative type, if you're really really conscientious and not very open, not very creative, then you're, a managerial and administrative type. And if you're introverted, it's like how about you, don't do sales, because it's gonna be hard yeah and if you're extroverted it's like well, maybe computer programming might not be for you because there's just not enough social social content. You know so anyways understand myself can really help you figure out what your personality is and it's kind of a hard test, harsh test, because it actually tells you who you are and but better to know sure or maybe know what this is a matter of how ready you are hmm, I, think and there's a time where everyone should be at any rate thanks for watching guys. God bless you hey, what's the best for you, oh, is it but I'm feeling is mutual thanks for the invitation out, of course, yep been a joy and I wish you the best with the book the book. That's wonderful, I, think it helped a lot of you guys, consider picking it up and it's always an honor yes. Well, thank you, yeah, really great great time. So guys hope you had a great time hope you have a great weekend ahead. God bless you! Here's the atheist, wishing everyone, a god, bless you next week, Friday we're back with Captain disillusion. Looking forward to that. So with that being said, have a great weekend everybody and we will shall see you next time, Tata.