Or three welcome everybody to the h3 podcast Tuesday edition, otherwise known as fully enlightened, correct opinion zone. If you plan on disagreeing with me or arguing with me, that is not an option close it because I do want you all watching the numbers are important but just know before warrant. You are wrong. If this is the correct opinions, though today's episode is sponsored by 23andme, quip and SeatGeek guess, what's going down a week from today bill burr the living legend, the Titan of comedy one of the greatest comedians of all time. These are gonna sit right where ela is right. Now: okay, I'm [, __, ], terrified bill burr is gonna, be here on Tuesday. Also important to note is that today is young shredders birthday, he turned one-years-old. So let's keep the round of a bug going playing everybody's favorite game, Know, Your, Meme featuring the one and only shoenice. That's right! Shoenice is back in a big way, call us in at 8:08 hot meme that, yes, that is our real phone number and yes, we are taking calls there. 808 hot mean ooh speaking of hot I've, been having diarrhea a lot of diarrhea Labor Day no hot well know that the poop is hot, like I, Nora, yeah, God yeah. Why is diarrhea hot by the way like I never had a chance to like cool? You know when you bake bread you're supposed to let it cool and, like you go room temp. So that's what diarrhea is it's poop? They never got to never got to go room temp! That's why it's hot undercooked, the scientific poop is what diarrhea is I am an happy labor day. I hope you guys all had a nice break. I had one too many hot dogs or something because I didn't have entire distance for I. Am then really pooping, my brains out. What's the deal with Labor Day, by the way, the that freakin mail man's walking around delivering mail? Yesterday, I'm like on Labor Day on Labor Day federal employees, don't even get the damn day off, Labor Day, what the hell! What are we celebrating? If the mailman can't go? You know take a seat. That's weird, I find that really very bizarre. You just like decided to work on his own I. Don't think it works out using the federal government. I, don't think you just pick up your mail, but bag and just start passing out and you sure was a USPS got USPS because there's those Amazon guy know what I'm not sure I didn't see him. It's probably enough, oh I think well either way. It's like you know, late Labor, Day, the everyone who gets Labor, Day Off or like white collar workers. You know the real people that need labor day off are the ones that are like slaving away at Amazon and McDonald's, and all these shitty jobs right, it's just so funny. Labor Day has turned into such a stupid thing. Labor Day was originally made to celebrate unions and celebrate like worker rights and [ __ ] and like meanwhile, you got the postman and around envelopes. That's enough about Labor Day. The real takeaway is that diarrhea is under cooked poop. That makes sense guys. Let's get started, we got a lot to talk about. Meme Royale is coming to fruition, ksi vs. Logan Paul, everyone's saying. Oh, that's! The fight of this year, but in the century knife in the fight of the year, because we are in the early stages of organizing what is going to be known forever as meme Royale 2018, because this, my friends is an annual event. We've gotten people that are in so far Joey salads, prank invasion, shoenice, they're, Bradbury's, Soflo, all squaring off hundred thousand dollars of prizes. I think the big, the big fight should be prank invasion was joy, salads and then I think a great undercard would be shoenice worth verse. Ethan Bradberry, which we the Battle of madness, because they're going a little crazy and I know shoenice is like over the hill so to speak, but he verifies me and by the way, working out he looks really good. Are people gonna place bets light sure? Why not it's lots of it? I mean I'm, not gonna, take bets, but somebody will hmm, you know, that'll be a spread if we so guys get excited me Moroi out, 2018 is happening, I want to see Co e person getting his hands dirty. His face is too pretty whenever jeopardy Coby person. Who would you I would like to see Kobe versus like moe cuz, you know, I was rigged and then I see TV, oh wow, that's a good matchup I originally wanted to pit Ethan Bradberry versus Moe Bradbury, like the the boys, yeah, but I, think I think Ethan would smash him. You can't contend with this that pure madness that is behind his eyes, like you even see in their videos when Ethan's like intimidating mall, that's like damn, he would never have a chance, so we'd have to pit Moe against someone like Denis yeah. That would be pretty hot super excited about that. In fact, guys, you may have been following the story as it's been evolving here on this h3 podcast correct opinion episode, we've have it a little bit of a altercation with prank invasion, who called me out to box me which was the you know, I want to say how would you say the the breaking point for this meme Roy out, because prank invasion challenged me to a battle and of course that's not something that I'm interested in doing saying is that I'm, a pudgy little guy and prank invasion literally just got out of prison for three years for some kind of sexual crime. That is not well, it's literally well, I, don't know what I mean? No, it's a. It is a joke. Yeah, it is a joke. What I'm saying do I need to say that every time, maybe once guys I do not think I'm, not saying that it's I wouldn't be surprised. Can I say that if you went to prison for a sexual crime, you can say that that's not! That's. Not. Definitely I want to be surprised if I won't be surprised at all I'm anticipating it, so he he edited this footage. Together of what I said last episode, he said: respect to h3h3 productions for admitting he's scared takes a real man to admit that respect. Bro now send me your address to the podcasts and I'll actually play you a quick game for a quick, kiss dude. This guy wants to come to our podcast. I mean she's, always so demanding in his tweets now quit playing I mean here's. The thing didn't I. Send me your address. Well, I, don't know how II don't know yeah I'm scared of you. I am scared of you. That's not like I felt, like unmanly, to admit that I'm scared of some unhinged psychopath who Sirois dedup and just got out of prison for a sexual crime like if you, if you walked by someone, unhinged a lunatic with like a hell's fire between his eyes under his behind his eye. It's not crazy to be like I'm scared, scared of you, dude and not I mean, and and it's because you're insane, you know, let's get it straight. Also, like I'm, not okay, well, I know, let's just watch this to his little edit. Here you look like you disappeared for a year and in you're in prison and you've been lifting weights that whole time like the last video you man, I, was scared. I was scared. I was scared. I was scared. I was scared, like this guy was in prison for a year bro. You literally repeated me saying: I was scared that you were in prison for your first sexual crime and we're lifting weights that whole time. I am scared that you want to come to the podcast and kiss me I'm, terrified of all these things and I openly admit it. If that makes me less of a man who, god bless, okay, I wouldn't be surprised at all. If that guy went to prison for a sexual crime within the next couple months, that's not defamation right. The joke, because I could see some people start. I could see some rumors starting to pile up, but we went to prison for a sexual crime. Yeah Chris went to prison for a sexual crime. You look it's a joke. He didn't, but I wouldn't be surprised. That's all I'm saying. Do you think I'm insane? Do you think that's my skill that would get in a ring with you and fight you I mean he. His veins were like surging, like what did you do to be in prison for the past two years to be that located [ __ ]? He sees that as a compliment he's like he thinks out, I'm, so jacked he thinks I was in prison for two years well, at any rate, Chris I would definitely like to play you for a quick game for a quick, kiss and I think that could be a special segment at meme Royale 2018, quick game for a quick kiss bonus edition are you're gonna play a rock-paper-scissors. Can you imagine kissing Chris his breath is probably so gross I, be his tonsil stones, I just worried about the noises more than anything, mm-hmm a hole staying with people just listening to me. You think that I'm gonna make that noise with them. You know yeah we should bring. You know, would be fine. You know how you have these ringside models at boxing matches. If we brought one of these girls to do a quick game for a quick kiss with them into the mic, that'd be [, __, ], epic, you look seriously I'm doubt anyway. So, yes, I, am scared of you good job, prank invasion. You freaking, you scare, the hell out of me now, interestingly, Joey salads is on the phone who was gonna. Who's Joey has challenged prank invasion to a fight. I. Think it's gonna be a really good. Fight did did bring Frank invasion, acknowledged, Joey's, yeah challenge. It took some time it took some finagling, but we have actually lined them up and I think this is something that is going to happen at first. It was really hard to tell I I had answered in response to this fight. Joey Sal's, my money's on salad all day and the thought of you getting mommy makeout date by a salad head keeps you up at night and then he said you want to put on your thousand on it. I said abso-fucking-lutely I put on your thousand on. It goes to the winner. Winner takes all those guys are going to be out for it's me, Maria 2018, where were you when the salads fell? Now it's just gonna, be a real fighting and I or like fake fighting. What he was, this WWF, no pranks fake fighting this I mean $100,000, is on the line to the winner. I'm, not saying one is better than the other. Like I mean I'm, not faking should be all you want to fake it. I just can't believe, like people will actually hurt each other. Well, like that's like chaos, I mean there weren't gloves yeah well, this is this is one again Joey salad sent me this. Damn and I cleared it with everybody to get the permission to show this, so Joey was trying to talk Frank invasion and to having this fight and again. This is why Frank evasion scares the hell out of me, because this guy is so unhinged that I wouldn't be surprised if he went to prison for a sexual crime within the next couple of months. Joey said: have you been training when I had a box? So anyway, he says: are you gonna? Do it? Prank invasion says I'm thinking not boxing, but MMA. No gloves caged bare-knuckle fight, we sign waivers and the fight lasts until someone gets knocked out. Unconscious gives up or dies we'll need. Lawyers like this guy is I mean I can't tell if he's serious, but that sounds like the worst of us absolutely loves, my god. Joey's actually entertain. Is this not entertaining? Do you not watch the h3? Podcast live correct opinions own for content, just as this I asked, who is entertained right now, Joey, salads and prank evasion, bare-knuckle fight to the death, Joey salads, first prank invasion cage fight to the death. We need lawyers and waivers whoever thought we would get to this point. Without all being said, we've talked enough about it. Let's see what the salad man has to say about this Joey salad. You are on the air and are you scared, like I, am of prank invasion? I'm scared for his life, because he's gonna have to sign a waiver before the fight in case I accidentally kill. You think that you've got what it takes and take out. Roided-Out prank evasion. Yeah I mean it was a little crazy little more than a little crazy, but now Joey have you seen his physique in his new videos, he's clearly disappeared and he's been lifting weights and he's beginning a little crazy. Have you seen this I know it's a newbie games. Many of you just started working out, newbie games and Joey. You had mentioned to me something about him wanting to fly out and fight. You is this something that you guys are going to be doing. Off-Camera well and separate. I, don't think so. It just sounds stupid. He wants to fight to the death, I told them at least. Let's do the boxing match first and then fight today. Now what do you think now? What's your take on preparation? Joey, do you think he's being serious? What has happened because he's went from kissing cooties on the boardwalk to literally wanting to have a deathmatch? What has happened in the world of prank invasion? Joey. Can you tell us, you know, I I can't tell you that I was friends with him for like a week like two years ago, stuns him for a week and he seemed kind of normal, but then he was telling me that he suffered from low testosterone. So he needed a big disaster on enhancements, but I think he just started taking those and that might be making him loses their mind. I know some people, they lose their minds when they started taking my performance-enhancing stuff, so so you're definitely dealing with soon as possible. They think you learned on this testosterone, two levels that are unstable. Yes, that's what I believe that is fascinating. Are you going to be able to contend with that massive overload of male testosterone Joey? Are you gonna have to contract with your own testosterone or thyroid sprout I've I've got I've got my own testosterone. That should be sufficient, and you had told me an anecdote about how he has a secret technique that he didn't. He beat up a bunch of dudes on camera recently, but he didn't want to show you the video. Do you have more information on that and if you could stop washing dishes now, I'm gonna clean my daily you're live? What are you racing? Can you hold off cooking a meal. I mean Jesus come on man. This is our moment. What are you cooking Joey? What are you preparing? Hopefully it's some I got a hard I got it's my protein, you um I'm, already training I got like I'm training in like an hour right now. Are you doing meal prepping yeah I got hard-boiled eggs. I got uh sorry as much as I'd love to hear more I did ask, but that's enough of that. I've heard enough for your meal time. Right now tell me about this video that prank invasion. He says, there's a secret video of him. Beating up several people by himself now Joey. Tell me about the video I would give him $1,000 cash. If you would send it to me because I don't think it, he did it because you had asked him. Send me the video he said. I, don't want you to see my sacred technique. He said that verbatim, which made me think that it's kind of a kissing, prank thing of like my secret technique, yeah, so it kind of sounded like I, think, maybe woody de bois. He tried to get into a fight with someone and tried kissing them and then just ran away very interesting third technique. Is there any other closing words any words that you have for prank invasion? Anything you would like to say if you like the cast the gauntlet, any accusations, any slander about him being a sex criminal, that's been in prison for the line. What would you like to add before we say goodbye and let you cook your meal there that you're so eager to go all I gotta say is if he bails out, I'm gonna be pissed and you're gonna be a [ __ ], because he's been kind of flaky. With this whole thing trying to go from boxing to cape dezhnev, 18 he's a flaky guy, yeah I can't tell if he's trolling or, if he's actually that. Weird though, there's $100,000 on the line and I got to say Chris, you know your channel has not been holding up strong. Lately. Lots of video citations and I think that $100,000 is a lot of money for any man. No matter how many girls he's kissed, am I right, Joey well, I'm excited everyone is on the edge of their seat. This is what it's all about here at the h3 podcast Joey. We love you, we love having you be part of the show, your don't forget to eat those salads I know that you're not a fan of salads, but it's important to cover up Joey. How do you get fiber when you're preparing for it to be to be in healthy shape that seeing that you don't eat salads at all? Well, how do you get your fiber Joey fiber I got some fiber in my in the bread that I chose. That's it Joey, I'm, okay, yeah I'm, not sure, but I'm not sure, that's sufficient, not one to talk, but also not training for the 14th century. How many hours a day are you training, Joey, 3, 4, 3, 4 hours a day? Wow! That's impressive! That's very good! A lot yeah now. Are you afraid that prank evasion being a little bit of a mad dude is maybe go for a ear bite or something of that sort? That's not worried about I'm gonna. Take my ears down to avoid take the ears down I like that better safe than sorry right. Well, yeah with a hundred thousand dollars, you can buy yourself a new year Joey! We thank you. We wish you all the best keep training keep eating that bread. The fiber isn't born I recommend Metamucil, which was a great fiber supplement that was recommended to me by a friend. It's helped me out a lot and I wish you all the very best Joey thanks for giving us a ring thanks man, all right, Joey god bless, you keep keep keep fighting all right, you're the best! Well, there you have it Joey salads in the flesh, now summarize Joey, he thinks he's gonna win I, think Joey's gonna win. He has accused Frank region of taking testosterone, which has made him kind of I want to say. Rage-Filled mania hasn't resulted in and he is. He has called out prank evasion and said if you flaked you're a [ __ ], he said and I believe something else, because we know that he's flaky because we tried to do didn't know you mean, and he was like right, I'm gonna do it and then you never responded well, I think what we need to do next is basically draft a contract between these two that locks them in an obligates and basically, if he, if Frank invasion, backs out of the contract. What's gonna happen, is that I'm gonna be taught in contact with his probation officer and we're gonna make sure that those sexual crimes he has committed are not going to be. Expungement are gonna remain on the sex offender website for a long long time, just a joke, but we should get a contract with the with the guys yeah. But the thing is even without prank invasion. We still have a great fight, because shoenice is going to tear someone's head off their body. How we doing on time, I guess we got a little more time here. Some time we actually here's some great footage up. Next I got a lot to talk about before we throw it to commercial. Let's watch Ted Cruz slam, dunk now, Ted, Cruz I, don't know what the situation, here's, what he's in a church of all places playing hoop and man? Oh man, can he throw a rock and by throw a rock I, mean drops like a rock well here? Let's have a look, no sound, so areas, preppin he's about to take a run, that's travel he's not dribbling and he tries to dunk it off a trampoline and boy. Does he just fall like that again yeah here you have Ted Cruz, taking a running jump at a trampoline to try to dunk the ball at a church down the center lane. I, don't know you call that a church, the pupils, the Popples? How do you call those seats, pews the pews full I think they're, just in prayer paying for Ted Cruz to hit a slam dunk, but the prayers were not answered and you straight that out. It looks like the devil literally sucked him down. You like the thighs gravity, dropped faster and harder than gravity a lot. I love it so anyway, shout out to Ted Cruz who, by all accounts, is hated by all, but nobody could ever say he's a bad basketball player. Next up here on the h3 podcast, we've got the Theresa May, the British PM dancing and my dudes I'm actually going to Africa like I'm doing this freaking is that whitish, yet I've ever seen in my life, yeah I'm conflicted on one hand, I don't know if I could be like hey. You know what you're making an effort to yeah I love me so like that's admirable right, it is fun and think it is okay. I mean that is yeah dancing. It's that weird, it's weirder, I think he's with her and she's like crying at that. It's like everybody's, broken she's, like clawing at the Aaron man. It's like it's bad, but I guess yeah I mean it's available that she's out there I don't know anything about her, but it makes me think, makes me like her she's, very likable kind of a George, Bush kind of thing where it's like you know, as a person I, don't I, don't think about her. Now here, here's more for dancing, she's gettin! In there the rest of those hips. She looks like she's hurting sheep or somebody's like boy. What is it when I watch someone dance that you have to like try to do remind me I'm ever in this situation, smiling it's not of a lose-lose. You can't yeah I mean if you're just standing there you're like Milo's egg phone yeah I. You know what god bless her right. You crushed it in no-one's, not nearly as good as the first one with the clawing at the air. The climate was something I've never seen before. I was a fresh milk anyway, off to a good start. Are we entertaining here what boy so I guess that's been about 30 minutes, hasn't it so we'll throw it to a quick commercial break. We got back Logan, Paul versus case I copyrighted our highlight I'm gonna rant about that [ __ ]. We got PewDiePie versus T series, t series about the past beauty playing sub count who the hell is T and how do they have so many views and subscribers we're gonna dig into that, and so so so much more new pitbull video with a dancing frog, you're, not gonna, believe this is real. It is guys you're watching the h3 podcast correct opinions own do not go away because my dudes that would be wrong, and here we are right, all the time stay tuned. Thank you to 23andme for sponsoring this episode. 23Andme is a DNA testing service that can offer insights into your ancestry, health, wellness and traits. 23 me, Health, Plus ancestry services includes reports on how your DNA can influence your weight, sleep, quality, caffeine intake, sense of taste and whether you are likely to be lactose intolerant. Now, in my case, I did do 23 me and I learned a lot about myself. Sadly, it doesn't help fix the things that you found yourself, but it is interesting in the case of lactose intolerance I find that out every morning when I look in the toilet that, yes, I, am lactose intolerant, but it is good to have the science to back it up. Now, it's easy to do, you're simply spit in the tube, which is the sexiest thing. You've pretty pretty much doing the planet provided to you in your 23andme kit, mail. It in your mail, your saliva, which is a unique experience, you're not going to do anywhere else and the sample the lab gets in. They analyze it. Now they there's a guy in the lab he just throws in his mouth and flushes it around no I'm kidding they've got advanced a machinery that crunches the numbers in air. Now here's some things that you might find out there. My intrigued you about yourself, bitter taste, verse, sweet and salty. Your DNA plays a role. If you watch foods, you like and they're gonna tell you which one you are sleep report. Are you a deep sleeper or you a light sleeper? Well, they'll they'll read your DNA they'll. Tell you all about it pretty interesting stuff! Oh that's! Why I? Never sleep I thought it was because I'm just neurotic and nope, not my fault. There you go feel better. Already saturated fast, reverse. Wait report tells you, based on genetics, how your weight might affect it by saturated fat in your diet. X there you go, don't feel bad anymore, yeah I'm, a fat cow. It's in my DNA can't do anything about it. Sorry, I'm, sorry, Mila offered to that's true. It gave you I'm telling you. This is there's a lot of interesting stuff in here that you're gonna learn about yourself and the world around you, okay, here's what you need to do to get started and spit in a cup a tube. If you were order, your 23andme health plus ancestry, service kit at 23andme, comm, slash age, 3, that's two! Three and me.com slash h3 I'm telling you it's so fun. It's so interesting, treat yourself and see what's going on in those jeans, because there's much more than meets the eye, the jeans, because you look in your jeans, I, don't know what else is there to say about quip, electric toothbrush, okay, it's the greatest toothbrush on the planet, Earth and take it from a guy who's obsessed with oral hygiene and Scott adult. Let me recap for you and I've got something else to add the Brussels soft enough to not harm your gums firm enough to give your teeth a squeaky, clean. It's got it all. It vibrates that welcome to h3h3 ASMR, that's right! It vibrates, and it tells you when to switch sides. It tells you when you're done, brushing it's a three minute timer and make sure that you, because your mom doesn't live with you anymore, and you have to take care of yourself- are done, brushing your teeth! Here's the part that blows me away, there's always something new on the back of it. It's got this hard rubber top. You know what that's for eula cleared the gun that the tongue it's a tongue, scraper and it works brilliantly. It's got it all in this tiny little tube. You guys, I, cannot stress it enough. Try it out! You're gonna love it! It's incredible! Guys! Here's the offer from quip! If you don't have it now, what are you waiting for? I mean seriously. Quip starts at just $25. Okay, if you try to get an electric toothbrush of a similar caliber you're gonna be dropping $200 on some coal gate more like Watergate, because it's such a scam when you buy a Colgate. Am I right EULA? That's how I feel quip starts at 25. Bucks go to get clipped, comm, /h three right now and you'll get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush, the refill pack, you pop this off and a new brush head lands right on there, god dammit! That's your first refill pack, free I, get quick, calm, /h three spell GE t qu, yp.com, /h: three! Try it out! You're gonna love it and everyone around. You is gonna love it even more because your press stinks. Thank you to ckick, okay, if you're looking to go to a live, show an event, a sporting event, whatever it is that it's got tickets they've got you covered now. Let me tell you about seeking okay, you get a view from the seat, whoa right off the bat superior to the other ones. Oh, my god am I sitting in front of a giant pole. I can't see anything. No, you see the seat. You know exactly what you get. They rate it on a scale of one to ten. Green is good. Red is bad, so you know if you're getting a good deal or not right out the gate boom. It's simple as that they know what they're doing. Okay, now I've established that it's a great platform for buying tickets SeatGeek, but here's where [ __ ] just gets crazy. Okay, because they want you to come, try their app. They have got this offer for our listeners. That's out of this world use code h3h3 when you download their app with the link in the description and you get straight-up $20 off your first order. Oh, that's just them handing you a $20 bill. This is a deal that you don't see coming around. Very often, they just want you to try it out and they've got 20 bucks on it. Just for you to come see, I mean they're just hosting the tickets. They're literally giving you 20 bucks off your ticket price I mean that's insane. So click the me tab on the app and enter code h3h3 for $20 off your first purchase. You got the link in the description to download the app guys it's as simple as that, give them a shot. I think they're great and they're, giving you 20 boxes to put their money where their dang mouths are so head on over to CQ, I love them I appreciate my and god bless him as well. God bless you and the $20 you're gonna be saving with SeatGeek. Welcome back from the break guys. Today, we've got a special presentation put together of know your meme featuring the one and only shoenice we've got a caller on the line here. Let's get started so let's say it on to jail. Joe. Welcome do know your baby Joe. How are you doing today? Do the I'm, fantastic, even better, now I'm talking my favorite couple on YouTube? Oh, thank you, Joe you're too kind too kind. Do you know shoenice? Are you ready to win a samsung galaxy as my blahs, oh yeah? Let's do this alright before I have you've met shoenice before tell me about that interaction, if you yeah, so it was 2011 I was a freshman at State, University of New York at Albany and mr. Xu, nice kind of hijacked, the cancellation of one of the biggest student events by chaining himself to a fountain in the middle of our campus. He wore diapers to go to the bathroom and he didn't eat for oh, it was probably gonna be four or five days. No can tell me why, though, the biggest party of the year at that school is uh. It was fountain day when they would turn on the fountain in the spring. Everybody would go in and say good giant pool party, but for st. Patrick's Day there's another unsanctioned event called kegs and eggs, which is just basically everybody wakes up at 8 o'clock in the morning, starts drinking so long story short. A few police cars were flipped over people were on top of cars playing bagpipes. The real [ __ ] show, so they ended up actually canceling the fountain day event and shoenice, who claimed to be a student, came himself to the fountain, and nobody really at that time kind of knew who he was I, don't even know. If he had the following now I, don't they had the following now, but I am slightly confused. Is he protesting the event or the cancellation of the event, the cancellation of the event he he claimed to be a student which went a little bit, so you say he chained himself and he [ __ ] himself in a diaper and fasted for 4 or 5 days. Did he achieve success in his hunger strike? No, he was actually forcibly removed at frame, but we did not have fountain day that year, so he tried digitally. Did you have the opportunity to meet this great man and talk with him and say shoo tell me about what you're doing can I smell your diaper see. Nobody really knew that he was the guy eating camp pines on YouTube. You know everybody was like some warrior. You know fighting for little do they know just came up there. He was chained up there in his Giants gear. Just you know screaming at anybody walked by. He got all the local press to pay attention to him the visited and went to toys. That story definitely lines up with the shoe nice. We all know and love no problem, stretching my imagination to believe that better now, where's Joe we've got you here. We are ready to play. Let's just get right, the ëthe into it and start with the first question. So lube up get ready, shot, gonna a bottle of alcohol. Let's start with question one Jill: what is the weirdest thing shoenice has eaten? Is it a a bottle of KY jelly anal lube anal, not normal vaginal. There is a distinction. I want you to be aware of bead tampons soaked in hot sauce Joe or see a bar of deodorant. The choice is yours. Joe said the weirdest objective that is, he's eaten all the plane hit in his opinion. This is in his opinion. Well, you, your job is, is not to seek truth. Joe I remind you, it is to get into the mind of the shoe himself that what size is that shoe and does your head fit into it? That's the strip. We are running out of time. You have 20 seconds, Joe I thought the tip on was blood but I'm gonna take the deodorant, see the weirdest thing shoenice has ever in see deodorant. This is really anti-climatic, but I don't have the folder open with the answers, just just everyone chill back I ever amy was probably a tube of KY jelly anal lubricant first with tampons dipped in a hot dog, no I have to say I'm, somewhat disappointed that a bar of deodorant set next to anal lube and a tampon soaked in hot sauce that you found the deodorant be the least bizarre or the most bizarre, the three of those, but that just shows what a decent kind-hearted man you are and I remind you. The objective is to get into the shoe itself so going forward. We got more questions. You know we got to get into the shoe. Show you with us all right, I gotta get more depraved yeah! You gotta get into the shoe. So here we go question number two! That's fine! We got plenty more to go. What did she nice tell ela that prompted her to tweet? This ela said to him slam some more toilet paper to clean the [, __ ], that's becoming out of your mouth. What provoked this formula? A shoenice told her her clothing line, sucks B. He called her an Israeli, [, __, ] or C. He said he wanted to eat our dog. Shredder Joe enter the shoe this one. No, he called you a Israeli, hoarder and I'm. So sorry that horrible and you sweet after all, your sweet, sweet man Joe. We appreciate the sympathy. So, let's go to the answer. Books itself be called her. An Israeli, [, __ ] I've got to be a little more slick and prompt these up more on time. Here we go, [Music] was my drinking days. I've been sober since last, through from the sea, but Ethan and me had talked down an email and I was heading out to California and Ethan's like it would be great for us to get together and I emailed Ethan a few more times and it came up. You know he would reply to me and I was just like. Well, can you let me know within the day and then I I was just on Twitter and I'm, a ballbuster. So I just you know, I said hey. He left, you know, you're a Jewish, [, __, ] and I mean no I'm, sorry you're a [ __ ] from Israel. That's what I said if she was from Tennessee dude have been a [ __ ] from Tennessee, but yeah I'm, not I'm. Not really I wanted to take that back. So bad yeah, literally I, don't even remember typing it. To be honest! Well, Joe! You are correct in this point, but I actually I want to correct the record with shoenice. What happened I think was that he wanted to come on the podcast. He had emailed me and it was like so tentative. He was like hey I'm coming through LA, maybe I'll pop in and we can do a podcast or something and I was like. Oh, like sure, I'll. Let you know mm-hmm something like that when he think about it or something like that yeah and then he emailed me like 20 times and weirded me out and I was like oh [, __ ] shoenice is crazy. Dude I hadn't, yet learned to harness that power. It's scared I needed to learn to harness the power of a star. As Thor's hammer does so, then he just went reeling on us one night. Where that being said, Joe you were correct. You are on the board one to one we're all very excited: - how're. You feeling feeling good feeling confident I'm coming -, oh hell, yeah we'll do it: Samsung Galaxy, S, nine, plus with a retail value of $1,000 terrific phone and use it myself pretty excited for you Joe. So here we go. Let's do it on them. - question number three: now this one is not feet. How many YouTube accounts does shoe nice? Half you may have seen in our previous episode of the Tuesday edition that shoe nice left. So many comments on our video. It was Heights of insanity. I. Have you not known on YouTube until now so I asked you this Joe? Is it 8 9 YouTube accounts? Is it be 29 YouTube accounts or is it C Joseph 50 YouTube accounts enter the mind of shoe and tell me what is your answer? Go big or go home, see Wow well Joe. You are entering the mine of shoe and I like to see that you've what you've dropped, all rationale, all reason you have put your head in the shoe and Joe I love it. Let's hear the answer. That is a lot coordinator. Youtube accounts, I, think that's the libyans yeah, but they have all history. They have subscribers videos on them, they're really not ghost accounts. They all have history and interaction. I use them exactly. How I got top comment on Ethan's video, I'll post a comment and then switch to another account and it'll just list them so well. I'm doing is just a switch account. Another channel bouncing in like in commenting, but it sounds crazy, but yeah, that's all me, but it does sound crazy. We do write about that and Joe. You are right. It's absolutely [, __ ] bonkers. What are the 50 Jen? Imagine that much free time the YouTube accounts that he switches, Wow, shoenice, I'm, telling you this guy is a legend I think he is gonna, be the first official member of the goof troop, the goof gang the goof game. What are we like? Goof troop or goof gang goof gang is more of an alliteration Joe. What do you think yeah Boop squad goof squad, a partial, the gaff pack, gas pack- I mean why can't it be all things? Well, we got a brand. You know we got a brand, it appropriate. You gotta, leave it up to the people, yeah yeah, Oh Dan. Let's do a poll right now as we speak, we have the power we've got the Twitter photo, so we've got goof gang. We've got goof troop goof troop, that's kind of like goof troop and then what we'll go for squash you? What had you suggested of young Joseph, the goof squad? No I'm liking yours, a little butter. What's at it, but I shouldn't have been pollute the pool, let's add it, for the sake of historical preservation. Vineyards definitely and then had one did. You have one you wanted to add. Anyone else was a gaffe pack gaff back I'll, throw it up there, but what but I throw that pole up there Dan and keep us updated copy that that's on our Twitter by the way at age. Three podcast, if you guys want to participate but I, have a feeling that shoenice himself is gonna, be like a true like founding member of this organization, because he's special, if you Beetlejuice, he is he's my Beetlejuice I, didn't really think so. Like like. I I I love him. I think he's got so much potential. You know. Soo nice doesn't even understand how surreal this whole experience is because we used to watch his videos like to go to bars all my life actually I. Had some videos I wanted to watch. You wanna watch some videos, Joe uh you're on the scoreboard you're two to one. Maybe it would help you to enter the mind of shoe I want to show you guys a video ASMR March. This is actually from his new because he started so many channels he's such a weirdo. He erases all the footage on his old videos all the time and then he makes a channel called shoenice deleted videos, so he erases it on one channel reuploads it on another, and it's just I, don't he's just on another level, so he's into ASMR I, don't know what sparked do nice of all people to get into ASMR, but he has this character. Marge, Simpson ASMR, and this video was just from. Oh it's from the turn of the year. It's at the end of 2017, but here is a little glimpse of shoenice Marge Simpson ASMR, and this is completely sincere. This is not some kind of bizarre surreal humour this issue and I was doing March Timpson a samar, hey everyone, shoenice ASMR, he's whispering! That's why it's so quiet I didn't realize how many people were affected physically and emotionally by my ASMR. Basically just sounds the same. You just have to turn the volume up. That's what ASMR is all we need is the voice from Shuna by the way I've been watching Marius in my home, ting asleep, either way we have a special ASMR guest here today. She would like to say the alphabet if they were us, ladies and gentlemen, Marge Simpson, oh my god, you see that March's walked in Majan. Waking up to this sound. Imagine the middle of the night. Sleep did this sound, never I'm, not quite sure, what's ASMR about the. So this is what we're dealing with here. All right. You guys you guys have seen enough so Joe much more tonight, Joe yeah! Exactly! Will you be watching that to help you sleep tonight? Absolutely not all right here, I, don't hear you! That's being said, you are on the scoreboard, two to one Joe. We applaud you, we're excited for you. We think you're great. We think you've all the potential in the world. Let's move it on to question four. This is basically, if you win this, you get it all this. Is it all right? Not the last question, not the last question, but if he wins this he gets the dang phone. So with that being said, Joe are you ready to play? Yes, yeah? Okay, here we go how many times or has shoenice ever had alcohol poisoning. For those of you that don't know shoenice famously takes a whole bottle of booze, puts it upside down no hands and drinks. It straight down the throat I'm, like a second he's done it with handles. Okay, so has shoenice ever had alcohol poisoning Joe. That is the question at him. A never not once be one time or see, seven times huh, it's a tough one Joe. What do you think? What do you? What do you feel him? I wouldn't be? Never hmm, so good guy souped it up I mean shoenice is definitely the kind of guy that would never have ever had alcohol poisoning. It's a great guess, but is it correct? Well, Joe, let's find out I passed out with the devil, Springs 160-proof I wasn't dead, I just go to bed, but I happen to have friends over at the time and they couldn't wake me up. So they brought me to the hospital I'm, a veteran, so my insurance, it's free, I, didn't care, but I woke up with a tube down my throat they're pumping my stomach and I was just like well you're, gonna kill my buzz well. Joe turns out. It was one time and the doctors killed his body instead of killing him you, you were wrong, but that is fine Joe, because you're doing great you're on the board. It's two to two. This is exciting. This is good for us. I like this time and the cliffhanger is terrific, but this one is don't think. You'll have any problem if you're shoenice fans. So let's just pop right into the fifth question Joe. How does shoenice show gratitude a thank you B thank ya or C. Thank you very much. So they differ differentiate. Does enough EULA, do you get any good? Do you catch me? You catch my drift on that job. Do you have a team? Did you understand the question? Could you repeat the answers? Please. Thank you. A thank ya B. Thank you very much C. Thank you. Now, that's a yeah! Oh, are you rehearsing or yeah? Thank you very much, just restating them. Okay! Do it thank ya, beep thank ya, all right, so I'm liking, where your head's at and I'm feeling pretty good about this thank ya the gauntlet. It was a close call. You know it was three to two. You pulled it out at the very end, oh hi, how are you feeling Oh fan-fucking-tastic? Just talking to you guys, is like a trip? I love, you guys so much well. Thank you. Thank you, yeah. Thank you shout out to Sean Evans for showing so many like great people on hot ones and getting like I found so much that threw him down you guys. Oh really, bearing all your all. Your guests are amazing. It's like I find then I found, kill, Tony, it's unbelievable much they're gonna be a guest on our show soon yeah, but thank you. I can't wait for that. We love you as well. Thank you stay on the line. I'm gonna get your info. So yes, I'm, misty right so Joe was a pleasure to talk to you. I wish you all the very best and thank you so much for listening anyway. This goes until you're 9 plus. Thank you very much. All right talk to you. Thank you. So that was great. That was awesome um. Now there is one bonus, question left ela. Do you want to play yeah? Do you have the answer yeah? Well, let's play it. Let's just play that the question is: what's the first thing you hate on YouTube, so here you guys go. My first stunt was a roll of toilet paper. Single, ply double file, fog up the system yeah, so we finally found someone that likes single ply toilet paper. So that's why they make it just for sure nice well guys that was another successful addition of Know Your Meme, congratulations: - Jonah's, getting Samsung, Galaxy, S, 9, + yeah. What else we got to talk about man I mean that's I, don't mean that's the best [ __ ]. We have a lot more to talk about, let's see, what's next Logan Paul, these [ __ ], guys, okay, Logan Pulver's ksi, the promoters whoever's involved in this [ __ ] is such dicks. Now we talked about this and we made a highlight of it, which was like 20 minutes long and I. Barely should I didn't even show footage, because I knew that they're gonna be dicks about it. Yeah we didn't even show a show with one dudes compilation of Jake Paul getting punched in the face. Yeah and I was like what you, by the way, has intrinsic artistic value. Hmm, if that is the legal language, I'm him, so for them to [, __, ] block it worldwide. You stupid, [, __, ] and here's the best part I dispute it and I'm like hey, [, __, ] boys, hey idiots yeah, you know, release the claim and they can keep it down for 30 days. U2 gives them 30 days to just sit on that and keep it down like the video should go up mm-hmm if I dispute it, the video should go back up, I mean that's just it's it's crazy and there's such [ __ ] -. By the way case, I video is just known for 30 days, get removed, yeah and then at 30 days any be like. Oh you're. Right. Sorry it's back up, but nobody wants to watch it anymore. Yeah but, like you know, ksi and Logan Paul case I specifically, is a guy that reacts to videos all the time on yeah I, don't know, I mean this is honestly just sad and I know. This has been happening to a lot of people. It's just it's and you know you know what really pisses me off about. It is like before the fight they feed on everybody's publicity and everybody's talking about and before the fight, fair you so great yeah talk about it all you want, after the fight talk for 22 minutes and don't even [, __ ] show the footage and we're gonna block a worldwide I swear to god. There's a case for like a a class-action lawsuit, because it's so abusive I mean they haven't known so exploitive. They have no right to remove it. It's just that's what I said. I said: oh I said you have absolutely no right yeah how the tools work, so they can well I. Think YouTube needs to modify the system. So then you dispute it. Okay, now the videos back up and now, if you want to strike my video, if you want to put your money where your mouth is and make a legal claim, then go right ahead. It's so frustrating man, and for me it's not it's not that big of a deal, because it's just one highlight of a lot but like yeah I mean I had 300,000 views in like half a day, but if that's your main content and they can just stomp on you like that, it's just [, __, ] up I, don't know man not happy about that. That really pissed me off and they're intentionally, just City gonna sit on it for 30 days because they want people to go by the pay-per-view. No one's gonna watch our highlight. Instead of that, there's no competition exactly if anything is gonna make people want to go. Watch yeah, that's the whole thing on that: I've, never understood about most copyright issues where it's like almost every time, except for pure re-upload yeah. It's gonna result in more trash into your original product. It's just so pathetic, so I want ksi and Logan Paul, both to know and I'm sure both and will easily be like. Oh that's just uh, that's just our production company. You know what they do. First of all, [ __ ] I'm, not letting you get a pass on that look at this [ __ ]. They they make it under this. Like shell, the shell company ATH piracy, there's no information, there's no accountability. It's just this. It I mean this is ksi and Logan Paul, and all these guys getting around having to take responsibility for doing something. Shitty that they know is wrong. On YouTube, a th piracy give me a [ __ ] break and the real crime is look at that thumbnail, so good huh the world deserves that mm-hmm I, agree: I, love that thumbnail good Dan. That was you Dan. By the way your copyright dispute is currently being reviewed by the copyright owner. You'll receive response within 30 days how about three days, how about they have 24 hours, and then the video goes back up and they can decide in 30 days. Why are you on the dick of abusers YouTube like it's time to do this differently? They have been improving, though well I think you have been less aggressive like we had this video on Eternia, where we reacted, this lady, like dancing to hip-hop and it was apparently attempted to be removed by YouTube, said no, so they'll send you an email saying this was there was an attempt, but we said no actually I have to give huge credit to that apartment. I used to never happen. That actually happened really several times where we got an email being like and the best part is they say who tried to take it down here. It's for some reason when someone tries to take it down and they rejected I see their email, their phone number, their name, the channel I get their social security number. Basically, no and they're like this idiot at this address, tried to remove your video and we gave him the middle finger, but somehow, when these [ __ ] do it it's a total [ __ ] shot in the dark. You know it's not. It's just I honestly want to blame these guys because they know what they're doing and whoever put this together. No, they don't there youtubers danger, I, don't know how it works. They're, wilfully abusing the systems that YouTube has put in place that generally work pretty well most of the times, and it's just it's so lame, especially ksi, because he does reaction videos. He relies on other people's content. You know the Paul brother. You can't expect anything from them ever now. You guys know the law better than most because of the lawsuit that you went through. You thing, the whole 30-day thing is that YouTube's policy, or is that the is that sexual illegal law, like the DMCA thing? Oh that's, just YouTube, yeah, I'm, 99%, sure, that's just completely unrelated to the law. Week I mean YouTube put their policies in place originally. Basically they were faced with a huge decision when they were in their infancy and people were pirating content all the time and putting it on YouTube, and so they had an existential crisis where they needed to deal with this issue or get sued into oblivion and not be a legitimate platform yeah, and so they are very legitimate and they do have a pretty good system like if you compare it to Facebook, there was no system at all yeah, so YouTube is pretty good. It's just it's hard to deal with so many people and yeah. It was always gonna, be someone who will abuse it. It is I mean this video in particular. It's just so frustrating because I didn't even show the footage. Yeah we're just talking about I, literally explicitly avoided, showing the footage, because I wanted to avoid this and now 30 days and I'm help I can do nothing. It's just so effed up, it's so wack dude, it's seriously so wack. So you know [ __ ], these guys, I, don't know. Hey speaking of wack got a 3,000 responses on his poll. Already, oh yeah give us the information. Well, I got to tell you. We are deadlocked at 33% each between juking and goof troop, both 33% trailing a little behind is gaff pack at 27, and then port group squad nobody nobody's on board with goose blood, so wage order that what are the top two again? Can you uh, okay and goof troop their gang goof troop I, think I personally think the goof game yeah a ratio, I was just gonna say that I would vote for that. One goof gang yeah, that's got it yeah, that's interesting! You know anyway, PewDiePie here's another one. This one PewDiePie, as everyone knows, has been the biggest subscribed channel on YouTube for pretty much ever as far as I can history and when he's up to like 65 million subscribers now, but out of nowhere comes this channel T series there are like 60 million subscribers and their channel is going insane and I'm thinking. Who, who are these guys yeah? What is T series, and so that is what I'm here to answer for all you guys today. What is T series? First, let's start by looking at their stats. Okay, let's pull up the social blades here for T series. Now past 30 days, 2.1 and a half billion views, yeah I saw that number and I was like wait. There's too many. They call us too many digits in the past 30 days, they've had four point: three million subscribers, a plus plus the grade four point: three million in the last 30 days, yeah their parents would be proud. I mean compare that with PewDiePie. Let's see, damn like PewDiePie has 150 million views, which is a lot he's about. Uh I mean what did what did they have like three billion yeah, not a comma and he's under a millions, so they're on subs per month, which of course, there's nothing to scoff at, but they are on track quickly to pass young Felix here and so funny that there's a grade there's a lotta plus a plus plus oh yeah, he's breaking the metrics here, so 2.1 billion views. That is just madness. So, okay, who the hell are they and why are they getting so many freaking subscribers and views t-series? Well, the answer should not surprise you. I don't know what these big channels are. Always so weird, it's just it's like bollywood, [, __ ], it's just a bunch of bollywood, [, __ ] and you know I was looking at the population of india. These [ __ ] have like 1.4 billion people in India, they're about to pass China as the most populous country. So they are churning out YouTube views an unprecedented number if I was Indian I'd be crushing it getting 10 million views a day, so anyway, I curated, some of their videos to show you guys what's going on with t-series here, let me show you first was the channel yeah. It was: let's look at the channel now they upload a ungodly amount here. 10 hours, 600,000 views 9 hours 20,000, so the variance is quite large. You know one day a hundred thousand views and then you go down a little bit and you can see so. The views are pretty poultry. But then here you see five days ago. 20 million views- mm-hmm excuse me I'm allergic to views, and so then you keep going through here and you see these little nuggets like oh six days ago. Eleven million views you know one week ago, 10 million views, so these guys are just [, __ ] out so much Bollywood that it's giving my would Bali I'm gonna come Bali hard on right now. Looking at these numbers right, how is it possible the channel like like? Because if it's the, if the view is very so much, why do people subscribe? You know? Usually those kind of channels will not have subscribers cuz they're, just kind of like the truth is EULA and you're and you're right, sometimes it'll be a viral video. But mostly not you know. The truth is that is correct, because if you look at the ratio they have over two billion views a month and they're. Getting three million subscribers I think PewDiePie's view to subscriber ratio is way higher, but he's getting like 20 or 30 less views per month. Hmm, you know, but there's the scope of uses and see it's like everybody in India's got the hard lined in t-series yeah. So let's watch some of their greatest hits. We've we've curated India's finest Bollywood here, for you guys and let's see what these guys are up to, shall we now what we got here. This is their most popular video and that almost six hundred million views- oh just it's only a couple months, old or well, several months old. Let's have a look. Is it like their Viva? Is it what their? What yeah I? Guess? It's like Indian vivo, that's right! Mm-Hmm! Now this this Bollywood is the cornea [ __ ] I'm, not on the history of the earth. I, don't think anything has ever been produced corner than Bollywood. Here's, a guy he's texting while driving and he almost plows down cut short the lives of two sweet and innocent young girls. Do they react poorly and say hey I'm, calling the police [ __ ]. You know a seduction happens from this court. Looking he's on his phone, it's not like almost murders and cold manslaughter he's like a wassup girl. I almost [ __ ] killed you huh so anyway, yada yada, just Hollywood guys by the way to or like the corniest mother dude here [Music] anyway, they all [ __ ]. At the end of the day, you know how it goes thought that was interesting. No I, listen what you got another video III I'm, not trying to slam Bollywood. Obviously I make I'm goofing around you know. Let me step back a minute. It's just the Indian sense of culture and entertainment and masculinity and femininity, and all these things are so different. It's just an interesting thing to behold and aren't all Indians the goofiest people you've ever met in your life. No I'm kidding that was joke. I was stepping back and then I'm falling for it either thought about it. She's like because I say no I was gonna say they are actually very nice ones that I knew goofy, though maybe I'm kidding about it. I don't actually think that come on this is a street podcast opinions on alright, you entered Oh, everyone enters, not everyone leaves what else we got here. I guess that's about it! You get the idea, here's another one. This one has 210 million views in less than one month. There you go they just they have so many hits I mean so here you go more dads beating each other up. This is a real one of these are we're joking about it before the show. What is it with all exotic, like non-european cultures? They all do what's this, they do it in Israel, hell ELA, you [, __ ] got a crazy one. Damn your DNA in Israel I, don't like in Middle East, even in Greece. They do this and yeah Lebanon Iran and now I'm, seeing even in India we're doing this yeah. Why can't why people get on this? You just can't pull it off like everyone enrolled on this Ethan you're such a yeah you're, see. What's the criticism of me right now, I, don't know such a bigot. This is no criticism. There's one opinion here and it's correct you're such a bigot Ethan, so closed-minded Ethan, it's so disrespectful other people's cultures. Yeah. Well, give me one of these. Give me one of these and [ __ ]. You know: go subscribe to t-series if you're so multicultural. Why don't you go subscribe to t-series with notifications on probably already did anyway? I thought it was interesting if you guys are glued to the TV about this rivalry. There is, of course, a live counter up booted by version 30 series live stream, live updates, punch with music and everything you need to be entertained. Let's take a look at the number. Well, we've got PewDiePie on the rise. T-Series is catching up. Quick, oh I gave them like a day. Yeah they're gonna creep up really fast, so that's out there. If you really have nothing better to do uh. What else pitbull came out with a new video that is truly something I couldn't believe is real. This is why I showed up to work today. Yeah we've talked about pitbull here on the podcast, with Jack and Eric and man. This new one I can't believe what I'm seeing is this frog, like I, see the Frog here so I? Guess it's a reoccurring. Meme you see this Yili. This has 800 million views. Oh then, we got missing something. Let me watch this. This has 800 million views, just a dancing frog, so weird what the [ __ ] look at it. 800 million views, that's almost a billion views, so that is not related to people. That is a song no yeah huh guys. This is 800 million El Chapo ultra music. Could you do this possibly to this music? Are the Latins on this I? Don't think so? They're more salsa! It's like a mix with no more this tomorrow. This frog is on a phase on Mars, because I ain't ever seen and this [ __ ], is so weird that 800 million people watch this. Who made this? Why good, [, __ ] this quality content? Are you talking about? Why is the whole world so weird like okay, Latin America, now is on my goofy list, I wonder what is it in America that white people do that everyone else is like those [ __ ] are weird, apparently [, __ ]. Without a bidet based off the responses, we've gotten really yeah I mean all the emails that have been seeing any people wipe their [ __ ] with their hand, I think that's, probably not totally ice in look. There's someone looked that up. Cuz I! Don't want to be that ignorant to get that wrong. Well, maybe some I mean there's 1.3 billion people in India. You know well, yeah I know, there's something that we're all fat, probably too, like whoa you're all right and that's and you don't talk about that- all the time and yeah. That's pretty that's a big one. That's kind of big, a bad one, so morbidly obese is pretty wild and then it's just like being overly polite. Hmm, maybe, but is that the same thing as eight hundred million people watching a dancing frog, not sure? That's on the look, but here's this video there he goes! It's your boy, dancing frog and pitbull house got the funniest face I've ever seen in my life dude he just [, __ ], the Frog just strip naked. What the hell you guys it looks like the girls want to [ __ ], the Frog. If I'm being honest, there's, there's not really irony here like they're serious about this frog. Do you think, folks, better to the frog or pitbull I think they think it's funny. You think so they're not like that frog is badass, you know who would you rather [ __ ] it below the Frog I gotta go in the Frog really now pitbull feels about that. Although you're not alone, all those girls seem to wanna [, __ ], frogs I'm being Frank with you. You've got crazy, hip thrusts that frog. You can really shake it. It looks like salad, fingers I mean it's just, not human, it's just not right! You know that frog. Oh my gosh tell me - cuz, he's done close your eyes and don't say a word all right. I've seen enough of that frog, whoa I, really wonder what white people do that words, the rest of the world out what else we got this one god I feel like I'm being so ignorant this episode, but I got a plow on it. Doesn't get better from here guys I'm reading the meaning of down Ithaca see what does it mean? Maybe you should read this: where, where is it located? Were you reading it? It is located on the Google I. Don't help me out, I am dama to casita means Grazyna right casita, it means it's got a picture of the Frog and so yeah right. It means stay still and be quiet, and this will all be over soon. No, it kind of means give me your little thing: whoa, that's even weirder than what I said. A little translation of the word casita is innocent enough. It means little thing. The course of this ditty is dripping with sexual innuendo and latin america. Dom a - casita means give me your reproductive part. Whoa. This frog is crazy. Dom, a - casita holy [, __ ], give me your little part, I'm sure it doesn't really translate. That's what they're saying they're saying in Latin America. That means give me a reproductive I. Think with like the implication. No I think it's Langly, give it give it give it to me. Babe yeah yeah I think that frog has got more plan than you. Then, okay, let's move it on. You guys know about this tess holiday she's, a plus model now I want to handle this story as tactfully and artfully as I can't because I feel, like I, have something a legitimate thing that I want to express about this. Okay, I, don't know that was and I don't want to be. You know I want to handle this. You know politically. Okay, now we've got Tess holiday and she's featured on the cover of Cosmopolitan she's a plus-size model. Plainly, you can see that it's extremely plain to see, mm-hmm and- and so this whole thing about, like you, know, they're trying to normalize and say like hey, you don't have to be in shape or a supermodel right to be on the cover cause me pulp, sit or to be an object of beauty and admiration right. It's like a healthy at every size, kind of thing, yeah and and when I saw this I was like you know if you're gonna criticize magazines for putting anorexic girls on the cover which promotes an unhealthy lifestyle. I, don't see that this is any different when you put a morbidly obese person on a magazine and glorify it, that's just as unhealthy as anorexia I mean I'm, not yeah, I'm, not saying she's, not beautiful, or that someone would not be attracted to her. But, like I, don't understand this argument of saying somebody is fit and attractive and works super hard on their health and their fitness by the way, I have a so much respect for people that actually maintain their physical body because rich or poor or whoever you are you have to put in the work, there's no shortcuts, there's no workaround, whoever you are from the king to the peasant. If you want that body, it takes raw work and dedication. Now this does not require that. There's! No there's nothing in my mind, commendable, there's nothing in my and I'm not and I'm, not saying [ __ ], her cuz she's fat. That's not my point is, but that we look at someone who is physically fit, that they have achieved something and that's why we admire them and we put them on magazines because everybody has it the potential within them to carve their body out of marble. So to speak. You know the chisel away through hard work that perfect body, but this there's no there's nothing admirable I mean there's, there's no achievement, there's no hard work and sacrifice. Yes, it's just the conversation took a weird turn like instead of saying you don't you can fill and confident. You know you. Can you don't have to feel horrible about yourself, yeah and be plus-size, but you don't need to glorify it either I find it bizarre. I find it frankly, bizarre to glorify I mean a more morbid illness. I mean we sat here and talk with boogie, who was I mean the guy is not there's nothing good about being morbidly obese and if you feel good and happy with yourself, god bless but like these are the same people that are saying. Oh, these anorexic models are not realistic. Yeah they're not realistic, they're models. It takes a lot of hard work to look that good physically to get a six-pack and have a [ __, ], crazy, ass and thighs and be like fit beautiful person right. Yet it's not realistic. It's really hard to do that. Mm-Hmm. So I think this is weird thing, is weird I don't get it and by the way, also I just want to point out to people always talk about like Photoshop and like oh, that's, not realistic, its Photoshop. She is photoshopped all the way, those thighs and her chest and her arms and everything her face is so photoshopped and I have to tell you my hunch is that that unedited video that uh knitted a photo? You would look at it and be like that. Lady is sick, not disgusting, but I mean like you see what morbid obesity looks like they've paint brushed it and brushed it and made it look beautiful and attractive and hey she's got soft skin and she looks good and she's got tattoos and [ __ ]. She has Little Miss Piggy on her forearm, incidentally, I didn't say that I mean it's right. There Miss Piggy's on her for the treatment to the photo is the same as the ones they're criticizing. She still got makeup, she's, there's Photoshop, you can see exactly the shading and everything is on must have been touched. You know in Photoshop and by the way, I've met a lot of morbidly obese people I'm a fat guy, not obviously to that level. What boogie was saying like think morbidly obese people, it's it is like an illness as I understand it there. But, like there's nothing happy about that, mm-hmm I, don't know, I, don't know, I, don't I, just don't I, don't get it I! Think it's dangerous I think we as a society need to stop being like I guess, I just don't know. What's the point I mean like are we're over the point where we're like you're fat and shame on you and whatever but like to put someone up who's, sick and say like they're to glorify it in the same way it just seems hypocritical, yeah. This was a tough one to talk about they're. Hailing her as brave I mean, what's brave about you, know, eating ice cream did I go too far. I don't know, mm-hmm can I get. One of these was waiting for a joke. Yeah I said nothing yeah, you know what does bother me, though, is, on the other hand, let's get our [ __ ] straight okay, like we've, got this [ __ ] on, but the real I think the real damaging [ __ ], that's going in magazines. Right now is these Kim Kardashian's, okay, with fake asses perform through dangerous procedures, see that is unobtainable. So then you've got these good. Look these poor girls who are working their ass off to try to obtain an ass like Kim Kardashian, which is actually literally impossible. Now that is an unrealistic goal to set I mean here. Let me show you these Kim Kardashian. Before and after these, these these Kardashians are [ __ ] twisted they've had so much surgery like there's nothing left of like who they used to be, and it is so I feel like it's so damaging for actually for for young women who are comparing themselves. Look at this. This is gonna [, __ ] crack you up. Look at this look at that ass. Before and after yeah looks like she just looks loose you gotta, like whoopee cushions in her. If I, even the picture on the right is not updated anymore, it's gotten bigger, progressively bigger I, don't know her. Ass has gotten so freakin big. Look at this one. Okay, I mean get the hell out of here with this, which one do you want to see? Um just there's like a dress down in the middle. Isn't, anyway, all of them have these like bodies that were created in laboratories, I mean if you want to talk about some of these unhealthy. That's what's up now. Actually, I have a story here about, and it's really sad where we can say you assume that no, this lady went to get a bum lift as they call it. A mother of three was told by her partner. She did not need surgery, but obsessed with these images of Kim Kardashian. All these women with fake asses was one of the strangest phenomenons I would say. Maybe that's what Indian people think is worried about white people and when getting a surgeries? No, you think so. Mm-Hmm! It's not get a load of this Leah Cambridge a 29 year old beautician from Leeds in England, is said to have died. This week after she underwent the increasingly popular cosmetic surgery at a clinic was it in Turkey or somewhere yeah. The guy was apparently world-renowned surgeon and what they do is they take fat from like your other parts in your body yeah, and they inject it into your ass, but the catch is that it's actually extremely dangerous, because what happened in this case is that he injected the fat into one of her main arteries that went through her ass and it went to her heart and her brain and she had a [ __ ], stroke yeah. So how about that for ridiculous? On you know, I mean like I, don't know I feel like we should be talking about this mental illness. That's in our society. People are putting fat in their ass, crazy, [, __, ] yeah, even cardi B has a story about how she did and only like a surgery at any legal place. Just in some lady's basement I mean that's. Probably people can't afford to go to probably the legitimate places the procedure cost. Oh, she definitely want cheap. The procedure cost sixty five hundred pounds to ten thousand pounds in the UK, but in the turkey it cost three thousand pounds so I, don't know it's probably expensive in Turkey, but like man, god, that's so tragic, like Jesus, Christ I think we need to be talking about that. I think guys should talk more to their girlfriends and tell them they really don't need to do it. What was it like? It becomes like a competition between women and they start to feel insecure. Next, to that the article said the guy told her she didn't, have it like. What could he do? Yeah I, don't know it's so bad. I think that it's like you, open, Instagram and all you see is like this crazy body is like unrealistic, chily, unrealistic bodies. We used to consider unrealistic bodies in this dialogue of like super fit hard-working people that achieved a godlike body. Now we're talking about people that are injecting fat in their ass and then little girls are being like. How do I get that ass? You know, I'm gonna go get fat injected in my heart, have a stroke. Well yeah. It's really easy to it's really easy to feel insecure. When you see all those asses good Instagram is very dangerous, I'm I'm, very I'm skinny and like pretty flat all around, and it's like when you look at those all the Instagram models these days, it's crazy! It's like do. You feel bad when you see that stuff I'm pretty at peace with my body, so I don't but I can see I. Could it was a point in your life when you were yeah, there was but I think I mean I've. I've talked to a few, our friends perfect, just yeah, but I know and your eyes I like to fly. Your ass is great everything's, going on there, it's very regular to skinny person. That's a great one, one of the best but like yeah I've talked to other friends and I know people feel pretty insecure and a lot of people are doing these surgeries a lot. Let's talk about I now reach people to good mythical morning. Let's talk about them, yeah I, don't know this whole thing about like I feel like and it's the same in Israel. So that's why I'm saying it's not I, don't think it's only here. So that was a whole discussion about body issues, so I hoped out. There was something there interesting for you and, if you're considering injecting fat into your ass, don't do it please I frankly, I on my part when I see Kim Kardashian's ass I'm, like you have a disease, it looks like you have a tumor in your ass. It just becomes like a almost like a caricature. It's looks on, it looks like I mean to me. It looks really bad. How does she when she shits? It must be like a long way to the toilet. There's a lot of space between the ask you because it's so big she must have to like either she spreads open. The ass cheeks super wide or she's getting hit streaks on the inside of her cheeks and did not think about that think about it. Mm-Hmm. Also, these days you have to have like a 10-inch dick just to get inside of her. Wouldn't you love to discuss with her her wiping you edition on the line. Yeah I'm, not sure, that's a conversation, she's a she's ready to have him no, in fact, but seriously like how do you even have sex with a girl that fat like the barrier for entry is like eight majors but I? Don't think it works like that. I think the fat goes like sideways more to the side. This is a second keep your ass natural, keep it all natural, okay, you're, looking good you're, beautiful and I guarantee, there's men everywhere everywhere, every corner, you turn that wants to [ __ ] you just the way you are, and most of them don't even have a dick big enough to penetrate the ass on Kim Kardashian. Okay, all right what else we got more pep talk, louis ck's, back, whoo, I. Think I! Don't want to talk about this, not because I I'll talk about a briefly just there's so much here, Louie CK's back um, he just popped in apparently you know it's funny cuz we were talking with Bert like yeah before this happened and we were like Louie is gonna be back and his opening line is gonna, be like some genius line. Yeah and everyone's. Like. Oh he's, a genius and he's back, and we said like we don't know how long it's gonna take and like maybe two years a couple years and then the next day you know what I gotta say: a lot of people were upset that he had the balls to come back and that he hadn't been punished and that you know [ __, ] louis c.k. That's not my angle. I think he came back too soon what I, what I'm disappointed in as him as a comedian. You can't just come back on stage and do material like nothing happened. He didn't even address it like I did here. The material was funny. Well, yeah I'm sure he is very funny yeah, but it's like dude. You had the malt the moment had to be perfect yeah. He had to come out after a couple years when people almost forgot him and be like so how about them, Dodgers, huh or whatever I know. So it was way too soon. Just people need enough time to like yeah. It was too soon they just the news mm-hmm. But then someone had a good point. Was it I remember who brought it out? Was it Dan? Can someone take shredder out, got it shredder its shredders birthday I'm? Always such a cutie pie, I'm gonna cook him a filet mignon. We said it was shredders birthday at the top right, yeah we're gonna cook him. A filet mignon tonight I'm most excited for me to eat a flaming, YUM I. Just think oh I forget who said this but they're like he's, probably so depressed and borderline, even suicidal I, don't know if that's true or not, but like yeah that that wasn't me saying that and yeah, and you know it makes me wonder a lot of these comedians that you guys have even talked to on the show just talked about how like therapeutic and even for you Ethan. You know when you come and do the podcast and everything and you know Louie his life is stand-up, so yeah it makes me wonder. It's like I I agree that I think it's way too soon for him to come back but I almost wonder if he was just sitting at home alone and like I, got to get out there and do this or I don't know what I'm gonna do you know yeah I, don't know his situation is a tough one. It's just mostly weird to just not even acknowledge yeah. That's what I think that's what I'm disappointed, because I don't know there was so much pressure on that opening line of like oh [, __, ], Louie's back I feel like he should have waited until everyone almost forgot. Even that me too was a thing like it was settled. They're like okay, you two, you two and then wait another year and then Louie his opening line would be something like anyone want to see. My dick right, close anyone in here want to see me masturbate right, you own it too soon Louie that would have been a great opening line. Would it not I just got out there and just whipped it out yeah? Don't even he goes like this lock the doors and then he takes his dick out that would have killed so anyway. That's my two cents on that guy's. This is the correct opinions own you wash these Tuesday episodes for my opinion, which are correct and relevant every time. If you disagree, watching I, don't want to lose you as a viewer, but just know that you are wrong. The celeb hacker who hacked a Jennifer Lawrence and all the celebrities who got all their new tees leaked out into the world. The fappening as it were, has pleaded guilty admitting that and here's what shocked me about this story. He sent emails to the victims while posing as members of onlines Apple's online security personnel in order to obtain their username and passwords this he this amazing hacker. They got all these nudes. He was just doing a phishing scam. It's all. It takes I thought this was some like slick underground, crazy hacker. You know he's just a guy who sent the email to Jennifer, Lawrence and said: hey, please, log into your Apple account. I almost feel like. That is what hacking is like this day, 90% of the time yeah like. How often did they actually have your password? Well, I thought it was some crazy thing because he had like dozens of celebrity nudes, and you know it was just a freaking phishing scam. So there you go, get inspired. You guys, I think this is an inspiring twist on this story to everyone out there. Who's like I, want to see Jennifer Lawrence nude but I mean all night. You know I'm saying like I'm, not saying that specifically, but, like anything is possible, sometimes you will go to jail yeah, you will go to jail. Obviously there's consequences, but that's not the more the moral of stories not to steal people's nudes, but that anything is possible. Did you think that you could see Jennifer Lawrence nude by simply sending her a login credentials and saying hey I'm from Apple? Can you log in now I'm not saying to do that, but I'm just saying get inspired, because this guy had a simple idea that he took all the way to prison and I'm, saying it's inspiring and a weird twist away. You should ever done that. Shame on him. You know privacy matters. They should have never come out and I should have never looked at them. But that being said, hmm get inspired, I think! If you're looking to get inspired, you should subscribe to t-series, hmm yeah, it's bugging T's and all the help they can get fun [Applause] not enough. Subscribers no I feel awful for those slope that that was a huge body. I want to make clear that was a huge violation and and a real real wacky shame you know, but damn there's something inspiring there, though you have to admit nope, just a little piece of [ __ ], and that is going nowhere. Then you know what he did. It's like that movie The Pursuit of Happyness with Will Smith, or he had like the Rubik's Cube and that got him the job. It's like the simple plan gets you all the way and that's what's inspiring mm-hmm. Thank you waiting for that up next. This is going on and on. We have a lot more here. It kind of exhaust I wonder if we should move some of this over, we could skip. We've got Ariana corrupt we've got a Michael. Cohen starts to go [, __ ] me and that we're gonna go to that. One mm-hm love that story there. Ariana gropes, is pretty amazing till alright. Let's just finish it up: Ariana corrupt, so ariana grande is at the funeral of a wreath Franklin and this slimy gropes her live during the funeral. It's crazy, [, __ ]. Ever it reminds me of this clip we watched of Lou Walsh grabbing that girl's ass. Maybe it's like. They have a secret society where they're like I'm gonna, do like a they like push the boundary with each other. You know what I mean: I'm gonna grow up a famous person and what are they gonna say it's not even about the famous person. They would do that to anyone because yeah, but it's a sick mind. It's like they're daring, each other to get away with the craziest. It's done. Oh yeah, but I'm sure yeah I, don't look at it like that! I just think it's it's just like what is going on in your head. So here it is anyway apologize because I have to brush up my. So meanwhile, saying that he thought she was a Taco Bell item, aka a snack and that most things that he's doing with his hand, is something so in that rule he's like digging in here, I've got a gift, so you can look it more closely, but I like how he's saying on one hand, I girl, I gotta, give you all yours now give me that titty look. How he's like grat he's like really grabbing I mean that's intentional, as it gets right, I mean, there's no way to explain it any other way. Right! No, just like it's like this and he's like digging in you know, yeah, that's so creepy gonna say these are men of God. Lately are not winning the hearts and minds are not winning my heart in mind. I guess! That's all there is to that one yeah, he apologized whatever um. How could you just get away with an apology, though, like the church just like want to get rid of that guy immediately? Well, his apology was really half-assed too. Maybe we can find it I thought I had it here. Can you guys find it sure he's just like you know, I guess maybe I pushed it. I was hugging everyone anyway I apologize. It was basically just that said. It would never be my intention to touch any woman's breasts. I, don't know I, guess I put my arm around her. Maybe I crossed the order. Maybe I was too friendly or familiar, but again I apologize. Here we got a video Bishop Ellis by the way, let's just say his name, for the record, because I have to brush up. My $28 tells me dad. You are old at 62 fans into a family and two entire community. If what I say it was taken talking about the Taco Bell comment under the ticker open, yet yeah a lot to answer, for maybe it's just a joke that went bad when we were doing the program and I always you managed to keep it lively, you're, trying to make some plenty of references and I love everybody. Everybody. The nose of Isabella's in great equation knows that we love everybody and listen. It's not about I meant in it or didn't, need it or whether somebody took it the wrong way, I'm the one that said it, and if it was taken to up to being offensive that statement I apologize, that's the easiest thing for me to do the right thing for me to do, and I certainly hope that she'll forgive me is to be a didn't address. The tip I inserted myself in a way that took away from this apologize community. He never addressed the tick wrap. He addressed the Taco Bell Grande comment video. Well, the thing is I've only seen it and like a clip of it that I thought was in reference, but I watched the whole thing. He didn't even address the frickin tit dig. The thing is: when you grab a lady here, I don't know if she was wearing a wire bra, but first of all there's a wire. That's so obvious, but even if not like this motion here is really yeah. Are you getting sexual gratification from that? Are you trying to massage her tit and turn her on I mean? What are you trying to do or suggest we're creepy old world power play of being like I, can do this and get away with it? You know so: weirdest [ __ ]. Hopefully this guy's gone man I'm sick of these [ __ ] holy men like anyway, anything else to add to that. You know: that's dude, to get like groped like that on live TV during a funeral like she can't say anything, she was recoiling from it. Yeah, that's one of those situations. You can't really say anything: it's just really cuz! It's not that bad! It's just like right on the line, isn't that creep zone yeah, so why you gotta be such a creep, yeah and finally, a tragic story to end the episode poor, Michael Cohen. You know the sad unfortunate Michael, Cohen Trump's attorney that has flipped on him and to work with the FBI has started a GoFundMe to help pay his legal fees and I am. We were just also very heartbroken over this dan. Can you cue the music please to help set the mood crickets? Do we have crickets Dan? Well, apparently, he pooped in the office too. Hopefully our office manager doesn't see this so I apologize. Are we talking about Michael, Cohen yeah, where boy yeah we're talking our boy yeah? We wanted some sad music yeah, my pursuant to say, I'm. Sorry, shredder feel bad for poor Fredrik, all right, Michael, Cohen, truth fund on July, 2nd 2018, Michael Cohen declared his independence from Donald Trump and his commitment to tell the truth and not because he was strong-armed by the FBI to avoid criminal charges against himself. Michael Cohen made the decision to take a legal responsibility and continue his commitment to tell the truth. Michael decided to put his family in his country first now Michael needs your financial help. Michael Cohen, yes, who in 2015 reportedly purchased a fifty eight million dollar apartment building in New, York's Upper East Side needs your help. Desperately head on over to go fund me.com, slash, HQ GA, you pj, /, michael /, cohen, /, truth, /, fun, yes, the same Michael Cohen that had a salary from Donald Trump of $1,000,000 a year as in desperate desperate need of your help to fight the truth. Now that he is on the line for crimes against the FBI, yes Michael Cohen the sad unfortunate truth, teller mm-hmm. We all support him in his hour of need and we threw up that URL on the lower 30s. You guys sleeve I, don't know fun mean yes, the same Michael Cohen, who at one point was worth over a hundred million dollars thanks to his ownership, stake in more than 200 new york city taxi medallions. My heart breaks for this sad, courageous, brave man who has put the truth-telling first when he was faced with prison time from the FBI. Yes he's a brave daring man, he needs all the help we can get so please, head on over to Michael Cohen's GoFundMe a queue at gofundme.com, /, h, QJ? U PJ, -, Michael, -, Collin, -, truth out fun! Yes, look at that face. He needs all the help. He can get folks this honorable man with a net worth of a hundred million dollars, he's at 170 thousand after out of half a million guys. We need to pay his legal fees now, because if we don't, then the FBI is gonna. Lock him up for crimes he committed and he won't be able to. You won't be able to trail the truth any longer folks and with that I say we're pretty much done mm-hmm so guys you can keep it going. I was enjoying that so guys in the spirit of Michael Cohen, the spirit of telling truth and spreading justice in this planet and this earth and I know you're not worth a hundred million. You don't make a million dollars a year like Michael Cohen, but you could spare a buck and so remember to join us a week from today. Bill burr is gonna, be yes, the great the wonderful the funny there will be no episode, no, absolutely Thursday. Yes, we are going to Canada. We are taking a moment. Our mobile game is coming out. This Thursday stay tuned for that, but enough about us I'm going to be talking about Bill burr about hopefully setting up a truth fund for Michael Cohen bill burr flies helicopters. He can afford to give this guy ten bucks I. Actually should ask bilberry about this I'm hearing this tape, so thank you all for tuning in I hope you have a terrific one, a wonderful week ahead, shredder a [ __ ] on the floor. I need to address that properly. Thank you, Dan for handling that hmm congratulations to Joe on the shoe nice and to all you out home, who really got educated today. Mm-Hmm and this h3 correct opinion. So ela, do you have anything that? Oh no, are you feeling sad for Michael :? Really sad: do you have money to donate to Michael :? No, really 'la, not even a dollar a dollar can save this child's life and cold-blooded well. I hope you all are more generous than you look. Thank you guys and we will see you next time. Thank you to Michael Cohen for sponsoring this episode, thanks for watching thanks for watching [Music], you.