[Music] welcome everybody to the h3 podcast sound board experience a little late on the uptake there guys but better. You know pretty close. Thank you to today's sponsors posts, mates, Dollar, Shave, Club that really it's so long going and for hammers coming up and the month ahead. We've got Jack septic I, the sweetest man on YouTube. Coming up next week, Bert Kreischer nice we've been waiting and waiting to get Bert Kreischer in here super funny. Comedian, yeah love him great. He was actually one of our first earliest guests we've had on here. It was such a funny episode, yeah lost into oblivion, I call difficulties, and he just he deserves better than that. You know I felt bad about that, but we're gonna do good this. Second, this one's not gonna, be as good as that one. Nothing will ever come. Mmm like that tenacious d song, the greatest song in the world. You know yeah, it's like that. Nothing will ever be as great as the greatest song in the world, but this is a tribute to it and then, after that, we've got Tim, Heidecker, hey, that's exciting and then, after that, yet again later in the month, Adam Carolla, all right, all sealed in great wonderful gasps huge month ahead. Very excited, thank you and before we get into it, you guys have seen us rockin, Grateful, Dead, merch, I, love, Grateful, Dead I love their merch as much as all of their music. Well guess what we got our own Grateful, Dead, inspired, merch, say whoa. You can't really feel that dance naked air for a second look at this- oh my god, so sick hthe productions, you got shredder, you got both of us. I mean it's sick, tie-dye, so no represent calm, slash h3 and the extra thick extra thick hat, Oh [Music], where you at love, oh yeah, represent dude. This shirt is sick. I am gonna. Wear this shirt, straight-up Shane, Dawson style, I'm gonna wear this everywhere, because I love me that much that's about it. I have got a question sort of. Did you say the link, though cuz it's Rep Bob, slash, h3h3 yeah on the screens now this one? This is what all the sponsors make you do. They go ar-ar-ar, yes, ENT dot-com, boundary, yeah, I, don't know, yeah I, don't know spell represent God slash, a street agree twice. Just look! What's on the screen, I, don't know what I'm doing. Let me ask you this illa. What, when you give somebody food, you feed them, but when you give somebody water, what is that verb called you were water done? There's no word for that is there. What is the word for when you give somebody water, when you give them a drink, not B, could you say feed them, water? No, you drink them. There's no word! How is there no word for that quench? Your watch, I quenched him. No, your water, flowers, right yeah, but you don't want minister, like this, has been really troubling me this week. People say he think you've got serious troubles. People say Ethan, you haven't been posting videos. I haven't been able to get over the fact this whole week. That there's no word for the word to drink, to give somebody water and the English language. We have we're celebrated for having hundreds of thousands of we're going by far the most words of any language that ever existed. English language no word for giving water I. Anybody in the chat got answer no chat. There's no chat, that's true! I, don't think, there's a I, don't think it exists to drink. So that's been really driving keeping me up at night. Frankly speaking, maybe in the comments you guys will figure it out, but guys I googled it and for a baby you suckle them well, yeah! That's all right! Oh yeah! My friend was thirsty, so I suckled him. Some of my water I think that that sounds like it was like hey buddy here. Ethan is suckling the microphone for audio I'm thirsty. So what happens with somebody's thirsty and you give them something. There's no word: it's not cool! There's no freaking word. How is there no word for that? You is that mind-bending like and and I've gone my whole life to until this week, without realizing that that's what's weird to this person, who's saying I would go and hydrate get real. You know what ha good I have some water yeah here you hydrate hydrate. You know that's not right. Feed, I fed him. There's no frickin, word mmm. For some reason you would say water that the horse water, the horse or water, the flower, but it's not for people, you could water a horse. Finally, you could say feeding and watering the horses, so you could water. The I mean it's a little confusing I'm. Really honest half of me expects that somebody's just gonna say it and I'm like oh of course, yeah you tinkle ya, have a tinkle like Oh. Obviously no there's no frickin word so I'm. Looking to this ongoing debate, I bet you wish there was a chat right now. Yeah it'll be nice. Can we invent a word like what works with fed feed and a drink? I drank them, some water that sounds weird and Mead Schmiedt hey little Schmiedt. So anyway, let's get on with it. Alright I got a good one, actually I've never heard of this word before. Apparently this is a thing to slake someone: okay, like a lake with dance, hey Dan, get the Frick out of town nobody's like a nobody on this show right. There's a family, oh damn, hmmm slake, there's a new one to me: I, don't know so guys. We've got a lot to get to today. Oh my god, we've got Alex Jones banned from every social media. I got some thoughts about that. I think you guys might enjoy listening to or not. There's one of things when you express your opinion about something like that. It's like I liked you I, followed you for years up until this very moment when our opinions diverged on this one and now I'm gonna stalk you and threaten your family. It's just an opinion folks, you might disagree with it, but it's just my opinion. It's not a right opinion. So that's coming up very excited about that ad GTI's back in the news. I'm excited to talk about the fact that me and either trying to have kids and I, went to a fertility clinic and scored it in a cup to analyze my semen, and it was a frickin, weird and wild experience that I can't wait to the pictures. I want wait, the shower we do know it was something else ma'am and a lot of other, really exciting headlines. I think you guys are gonna love. There was apparently in a Louisiana. Well save it I'll save it. My dudes I'm gonna, save it all, but before we get into all of that, it's the goof of the day. What do we got? Let's break the ice. Does the cuff of the day work EULA, let's break the ice. I'm not seeing hey, Piers Morgan tries to sound smart on good morning. Britain I haven't seen this month. Her foreheads really glowing huh yeah her foreheads, very there's makeup. That is for a glow, like you should think she's trying to be reflecting on here and it's like. Oh, but that's, not a good look. It just looks like she got a greasy ass, for it I mean she I'm not trying to make fun. I shouldn't make farmer I'm just saying I'm just saying it could be that she was going for that. There is makeup for that I I'm, just saying. If you put her at the top of a light tower and spun her ass around, you could probably navigate some ships home. You know yeah anyway, even a brief history of time. It's not history. Definitely just avoid those yep to treat a girl right and you've even read the brief history of time by Professor Steven, no way a brief history of time. It's that history. The study into black holes, though Pythagoras theorem to the nearest five decimal places. Do you first ever come to you? Okay, this is like I'm I'm, embodied by so much cringe that he's trying to like make her look stupid. What did he ask? I didn't understand that you ever read a brief history of time by professor Stephen Hawking uh-huh, like trying to see like oh you're, dumb I, don't think this girl ever tried to sound smart I, don't actually ever presume to be smart and then so. The genius Piers Morgan made you being a grown man. Dude I try to humiliate some girl who's, obviously not the brightest, but she's, not out here being like she's trying to pick up a PhD dissertation. You know she's dumb, and she knows it he's like. Have you ever read this book by professor Stephen Hawking, necessary yeah, who has except [ __ ] nerds, but like she's, not up there trying to be smart dude? What are you trying to disprove? She knows she's, dumb she's like no I'm, not into that stuff. I'm an idiot. You know that look! What's your point and then the best part is this. He exposes himself to be the real turd sandwich. Let's see it, here's the best part. First of all, he names the digits for something entirely else. It's pi and he gets it wrong. Nice I, don't know that. That's just what they said: I was wrong. I may be I really do, but like I'm normal person, one wouldn't know that Pierce, yet BIP yeah, you just showed yourself. I, don't even know how you get back on the TV after that humiliation, mm-hmm. But so that's a bit of a goof of a day. What were you saying? Dan ian has an answer about the drink situation. No I, just typed that when you said only nerds have read that book. Ian's, like all right, I'm kidding, I thought about I've thought about picking that book. I'm. Sorry in an sec, [ __, ] Ian, do you know the PI to the fifth digit, no [ __ ] et what a [ __ ] you idiot. What else we have one other announcement good for the day: Yoko Ono, the legendary lover, a soul, mate of the great John Lennon artist, artists, yeah! Don't need to discount her she's done so much more than just be the soul. Mate of John of John Lennon, so she's come out with a new album and she reached a new single. That I thought was provocative emotional, incredible moving. They moving it's called war zone and just give you guys a sample so she's continuing her legacy. This is a song called your war zone if you're just trying to kick it and if you're, trying to turn up the party or maybe put yourself to bed with some relaxing towns, either a command Yoko, Ono war zone war zone is available for pre-order. Now at Yoko, Ono war zone, com1 word and the vocals words and music by Yoko Ono produced by Yoko Ono, and it really does it all yeah. She is this she's got it all. Drawing from the new album war zone, pre-order everywhere, [Laughter], [Music], they're balls, oh, come on preach it girl, oh, oh, the war zone out there, people whoa, there's sometimes bad singers, that are like Bob Dylan's, a bad singer, so anyone can see they bathe them all. No I, don't think Bob Dylan's a bad singer, but it's like yeah. They take it too far, I'm feeling it yo whoa whoa. So you can expect to be seeing this in the club on the radio. How is this not on YouTube trending? It will be up to this. After this h3 bump just needed a little exposure anyway, guys as I said, pre-orders are available now great while supplies last. Is it bad to make fun of somebody for their artists? I'm, not I'm, not making fun I'm a dork I'm promoting and thank you or is it we're just enjoying some art yeah and now my dudes on to the main story at hand? Alex Jones, you all know him. The notorious conspiracy, theorist right wing I want to say a lot of people. Consider him right, right, wing, I, don't consider him right wing I. Consider him an alien I feel like I'm. Making him affiliated with a political party is like alien trying to pin down like what country you exist to on Mars I. Don't that made sense. I feel like even Mars is to Mars. Is too it's too too grounded over yeah. Well, anyway, we'll get into that. But essentially you guys know Alex Jones Infowars. He was recently banned by YouTube, Apple, Spotify and Facebook banned all the channels removed. He has been making videos since about early 2001. Now today, he's mostly known for conspiracy theories and he's very right laning and that he has a lot of conspiracy theories and a lot of targeted opinions about like Hillary, Clinton and Obama, and what do you call the the pizza gate stuff? He was deep into I find it kind of interesting if you go back into 2001, just to lay the groundwork on who this guy is back in 2001 I have this clip from waking life? He wasn't really a politically affiliated guy I just found this interesting. He was very much anti-government anti-party about the government system of control. You know very much. He specifically says in this clip like that he's not a member of any party. So somehow is his. You know his style has changed since then, regardless. So this is what happened. This is from verge, which is confirmed by YouTube. They confirmed this. This information here conspiracy, theorist, Alex, Jones YouTube channel, received a strike on Tuesday for violating the site's Community Guidelines verge has learned YouTube from four videos from Jones channel, which has 2.4 million subscribers that contain instances of hate speech. Child endangerment, sources familiar with the matter set YouTube channels are deleted if they get three strikes in a three-month period. Two videos contain hate speech against Muslims. A third contain hate speech against transgender people. Sources said a fourth show child who was pushed to the ground by an adult man under the headline how to prevent liberalism I'll for the videos yeah. All four videos are currently posted on in force. Now. Obviously, I can't speak about those specific four videos, because it's so hard to find I mean his shits been like scorched earth from YouTube and [ __ ]. So it's really hard to find the clips in question. So I'm just you know, reading the description, but this one I do have the offending video. Oh those videos, don't include a new one, which was one of his new greatest hits of him, making a threatening rant about Robert Mueller. Is it Mueller or Moeller? You alert I always thought it's smaller, but yeah I'm confused, we're stirred a controversy earlier this week after was posted on Facebook that video does not appear to have been uploaded to YouTube post on info. Worst of the video I've been posted in a news documentary, scientific or artistic contact. By the way, there's anyway, the first reach out to Infowars yada yada, yada Jones channel previously received strikes from YouTube in February after it promoted the false theory that survivors of the parklands shooting were actually trained. Crisis actors that violated YouTube's policy against harassment and bullying, but strikes expires three months after they are issued. Ming Jones channel currently had just one strike against him. Now I actually was able to find the clip of him talking about Robert, Moeller and I thought. Well, let's, let's see what kind of stuff this guy's saying, because the question right now the real debate is like. Is this a it's being framed by the people who support Alex Jones as a political, silencing that he's being shut down? Because all these big tech companies are super liberal leaning? And it's a it's? A it's a political shutdown right. It's censorship right, so I'm like alright well like some of the videos they described, could easily be like completely open to debate like they're like pushing a children to the ground. Saying I, don't know, I have to see that yeah [ __ ], who knows, but here I, have this one of moller. So let's watch this my pop this baby open now this just happened [Music] once it's muir molar is like a lifelong republican. Solid I mean he's one of the most beautiful guys ever like now. Everyone looks at mola like he's the [, __ ], or not a lot, but a lot of people see him as like. A total piece of [ __ ] con man, but I, remember Donald, Trump tweeting out when the investigation started, something like I'm glad it's molar, because he's so respected. So now all the sudden, here's Mueller everyone's scared of Muller they'd, let Muller rape, kids in front of people. What she did me Muller, covered up for a decade for Epstein kidnapping, kids flying him on sex planes, some kids as young as seven years old, reportedly with big perverts, raping him to frame people I mean Muller is a monster man God. Imagine he's even above the pedophiles, though before so I mean well right off the bat. Can you I don't know not that this hard statement to fish I mean you can't really call a guy he's like dude you, you straight-up watched people, rape, kids, it's like that's kind of. What's the word, it's a bold claim. It's not a bold claim. It's slandered. Frankly speaking, all right, you can't just be like dude I have a I know. I know for a fact that al Jones watches people, rape, kids, like all right and strong statement. Let's keep watching I mean slander, I own, that is slander, or does he doesn't have sex with the kids? He just controls it all: hey you're, not interested in [, __, ], kids. He just likes to facilitate ajan being a monster like that God God, all people say well, God. Aren't you scared of him? I'm scared of not Manning up. Did you just cared of talking about this dude? Let's give me fear, I'm, not being a real man and I'm not doing what it takes and I'm, not telling the truth, and so call it wherever you want I. Look at that guy's favorite sex offender of the public right and I will take down or I'll die trying. So that's it you're gonna happen. I'm gonna, walk out the square politically and he's gonna find out when he makes the move. Man make the move first and him gonna happen. It's not not a joke. It's not a game. It's the real world, hmm political you're, gonna, get it or I'm gonna die. Trying [, __, ] I did notice. You actually you're, saying politically right now, yeah I, don't know what does he mean by that? Well hazing, it's very I mean it is very. When you're, when you're, accusing somebody of like basically raping kids I mean we hold that in our culture to be one of the worst things possible to the point where you don't even respect their life yeah. When you degrade someone to the point of being a child rapist, really when you're saying hey, I'm, gonna I'm gonna shoot you. If somebody goes, if somebody who believes that he's a pedophile goes and murders, him am I like if you're do believe that he's actually like organizing a massive pedophile ring. How much sympathy do you have for the guy right? So this this [ __ ], you, you really I, mean I feel like he's, just doing a character right and like over exaggerating everything, and it could be entertaining when you watch it through that lens. But from what I understand a lot of people take him seriously and believe that he's believing what he's saying so I don't think he really believes what he says like about all the crazy stuff thing. Well, there that's definitely debatable um, hey guys, uh! Let me cut in real, quick, yeah Wow. We we just got taken down by YouTube. They just killed her stream, really yep mm-hmm. Why Community Guidelines Wow? We can't even show his footage what it's been removed. Wow? How stupid are you YouTube? All right? We are back. We were live streaming and right as we were getting into it. You guys saw if you're watching the bond YouTube in their infinite wisdom, removed our livestream and gave us a strike which, basically, when you get a strike, you can't livestream anymore. So some genius over at live to live I'm having a [ __ ] I'm, not you see, what's doing in the up soon shredders freaking out we've been sitting here for like an hour, trying to figure out what to do some [ __ ] genius was like oh they're, talking about Alex Jones. Let's remove the [ __ ], you know what is so insane is that my whole rant as I was just getting into was very I'm, taking YouTube side that Alex Jones is a crazy conspiracy. Theorist who violated the Terms of Service was doing all this [ __ ] that shouldn't that by YouTube's Terms of Service shouldn't be allowed and what the [ __ ] does YouTube do. They're, like you know what we need to do. They all sit around and think. What's the best thing to do right now, the the most best thing mmm, the make us look so much better Ethan is defending us, hey Ethan. It was defending us against Alex Jones right now. Do you know what we can do in one fell swoop to legitimize Alex Jones and to pitch Ethan off and turn him against us? Let's shut his channel down and give him a strike made live stream, it's brilliant! Let's do that shut it down what the [ __ ] like? How can I even sit here now and call Alex Jenna conspiracy theorist when our channel just got strike down for even [ __ ] talking about him? Not even I was criticizing him. We were analyzing the situation. What is it how who watch that and thought to himself? This needs to be taken down right now. I was literally just talking about how he defamed Robert, Robert Mueller, Mueller they're, like dude. You know what we could do to make the situation even worse. For us, they're like this was like a beautiful play by them. They're like and one fell swoop. We can turn Ethan against us who's. Usually critic of us, but and this time he's defending us, we can alex jones there's an explosive sensitive situation, everybody's saying that it's a conspiracy theory to censor the right-wing media and one fell swoop. What can't we do, let's all sit and think about things. I've got it strike their lives, remember, remove their ability to broadcast live. Let me look at my context. We do have Ethan's number. We could reach out really quick and say: hey I, don't even know what they wanted to say, but no, no, no! No, let's be reasonable. You know this is so stupid. I have to say this is so dumb, because now the people that I was criticizing are gonna. Use this as evidence to say hey. This is proof, there's a conspiracy against us. After all- and you know what it's hard for me now to argue against that. Do you understand how [ __ ] stupid? You are YouTube here. Let me show you some of my notes that I was gonna talk about. They even knew that we were gonna talk about it. They gave us man I consulted with somebody high up in YouTube before this episode to get a statement from them here. Let me show you some of my notes that uh never got to air. This never got to air blast uh. What's what is it called? Goddammit slander, against smaller threats of violence, clear violation of the Terms of Use Sandy Hook was was a crisis actor yeah I've got this whole great piece about debunking that I was so prepared. I can't talk about this. Now. How am I gonna talk? Oh there's, no conspiracy, defending you and now I'm offline nobody's even watching me right. It feels so weird. So who are we talking to nobody? I'm offline I'm off the frickin grid? Right now? It's just me. You and shredder who's really upset because he hasn't got walked in two hours. He was supposed to only be here for one hour he's supposed to be done: I even prepared a sound bite destroy the child because I was goofing on Alex Jones. So much you know, I know drinkin pissed off we had this amazing prepare. It doesn't make any sense. Now. Cuz I can't go on and on about alright, let me just summarize my points in Sandy Hook crisis. That's inappropriate! It was a Oh Anderson, Cooper green screen, debunked it here's a lawsuit, yeah Sandy Hook parents are suing suing Alex Jones because they can't visit their child's grave because they're being harassed by lunatics, oh wow, who cares in the five years since our son was killed, death threats and online harassment have forced us to leave the city and relocate seven times. Wow big deal our channel just got shut down. They now live in a high-security community hundred miles away from there, where the six-year-old was buried. I'd love to go, see my son's grave and I. Don't get to do that because we made the right decision to move away, destroy the child. You see, I have content. That story is pretty crazy. How am I supposed to actually like be like? Oh yeah, I've got all this grip. I mean I. Also see a lot of people saying was a coordinated attack shuts down. What do I do? Do I just show that edit we made it's pretty damn good, it's so yeah it'd be a shame not to edit well, okay, the Edit is not really editorialized. It's really of a a memorial dedicated to Alex Jones channel being removed. Okay, it's that you guys really messed up I'm. Looking over I I planned this really great segment. You know, but I can't I, can't good mine, I, can't say it because I just got shot down. So with that being said, we are just going to show you the Edit we made and in honor of Alex Jones, who was a you know, a character, a hilarious guy. If you will say now, it just sounds like I'm praising him at the whole [ __ ] list of grievances insane and now now, like I hate, when this happens now all of a sudden I always get [, __ ] for being like a right-wing, a fringe right wing like sympathizer and now I'm the continue to be the darling of the right, defending Alex Jones. Why do you put me in this situation? I am NOT that I am here to criticize and defend you and now look where it got me: Oh Ethan, the darling of the all right, defending Alex Jones. Thank you for defending everything, because you clearly have a point here. All right, just roll the edit for chrissake I do I, do more Marshall after destroy the child, 13 [Music], animated by arts. Bird start your journey to super male vitality. 2/3 I, like to fight too we're gonna. Stop your ass in the ground. You little commie this piece of trash I'm, a human and I'm comin daddy's gonna come together. I, never expected Trump charging into a goblins nest to not get some Goblin vomit, slop and blood on me. I, don't see him kissing! Goblins spider. Goats are at least 25 years old, they're bashing it because I, don't like gay people, I, don't like putting chemicals in the water to turn the friggin frogs gay they'll, take all children at birth and raise them in government dormitories and do medical experiments on the new kids they take him put him in on her face. Tell us their names. Do you understand that serious crap? Thank you to posts, mates for sponsoring us I cannot endorse post mates enough. Okay, oh there's apps that can bring you food nope mates can bring you food. It can bring you anything. I use posts, mates on a weekly basis. Let me tell you what I use it for restaurants that aren't on other apps to bring you food because, basically, all the good ones, all the good ones are always not yeah, because you don't have to decide because the specific driver goes out and picks up whatever you want. You need some beers from revs I pick it up. You need some Carl's jr., some Taco Bell late-night, or maybe your favorite restaurant guess what they pick it up. We actually have a friend who ordered a Mac laptop yeah through Bozeman. You can order anything and that looks so beautiful. He was like he's a public figure and he's like I just realized I, don't actually have to go to the MAC store and stand in line and deal with that whole thing. I sent a postman's driver to pick me up a computer, a black book I'm telling you this app is unbelievable. It's a life-changing revelation introducing post meets the app that adds a delivery option to your favorite restaurant and more you don't have to park. You don't have to drive, you don't even have to talk on the frickin phone. You tell them what you want in the app they come. They bring it boom. Bob Bob's. Your uncle life has changed forever, download the app and order 24 hours a day 365 days a year. Postman's will bring you what you want within the hour. You can even see where your food is or your computer, and you can track your driver, eggs, milk, burgers, perfect bottle of red wine beer cigarettes. They get it all all I. Dare you to try to stretch it to the limit posts? Mates is your new long term munchies booty call. They wrote that but I like that and here's the thing you already don't need another reasons to download this godsend of an app post mates. Here. Let me give you this limited time offer post mates, gives you $100 a free delivery. Credit. Oh can I get that on the house for your first seven days. To start your free deliveries, no EULA you already signed up and in to use the code ace you have to rate you have to factory reset your phone. It's worth it to start your free deliveries, download the app today and use code h3, that's code, h3 for $100 of free delivery, credit for your first seven days, save the hassle, get the food get whatever you want. Whatever you love posts, mates with code, h3, try the freaking app I swear to God change everything you knew about being alive, post mates, Dollar, Shave Club has got it all. Why are you wasting your time going to the store, picking out a shampoo picking out a razor picking out butt wipes it's already all set up as convenient as possible. The best products you're gonna, find at Dollar Shave Club, get it together all right. How many times do I have to tell you, for pizzas sake, join the club right nice, like a nice bone, the house timing, Dollar Shave Club, my dudes. They got everything you need for the bathroom. Yes, that's Dollar Shave Club, they deliver it. So you can look, feel smell. You're, very dang, best they've got shampoo, they've got conditioner, they've got the body wash the toothpaste, the hair gel and even a wipe. My dudes that is gonna, keep your ass glistening that when you bring that special girl home, you can say you know what the Chinese food tonight baby. We don't need plates because tonight you're eating my ass smell that and tell me you don't want to eat my ass I'm, a big fan by the way of their they've got this amber and lavender body wash. That is smells so good that when they're eating your ass anyway on the way down there gonna be like damn and that body wash scent is in st. amazing. Good luck buying a product that great in the store won't happen. All the Dollar Shave club's products are made with top-shelf ingredients that won't break your budget. You're gonna feel the difference. Shipping is included with your membership. You gonna buy this stuff anyway right. What are you gonna? Walk around like a homeless slob, you got to make sure you're clean we'll. Do it with Dollar Shave Club do the best in the game. You don't have to go to the store for Christ's sake. Here's a great way to start a bunch of Dollar Shave Club products for just 5 bucks. You can get their daily essentials, starter kit, 5 bucks, it comes with body cleanser, one wipe Charlie, they're, amazing, butt, wipes the world-famous shave butter and their best razor. The six blade executive keep the blades coming for a few bucks a month and adding shampoo toothpaste or anything else. You need for the bathroom check it all out at dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com slush h3. There is no reason not to join get in the frickin club right now. 66% of men lose their hair by age 35. What and when you notice it's going it's already too late. Damn, how much easier is it to keep the hair you have than to try to replace it once it's gone, I don't know. Is that hairline slowly fading back? How will it feel a year from now? Is it gonna be business as usual, or is your hairline gonna be broke? Just like your fucked-up life? Probably I ask you this: do you want a bald spot to pop up, or do you want to do something about it? First, do something? Do you want your hair like a receipt or you gonna do something about it? First, why you turn to weird solutions, are doing nothing at all when you can turn to medicine and science. The suspense is building for hebbs. Calm is a one stop shop for a hair loss, skin care sexual wellness for men dan show them what it did for you. Look at Dan's, beautiful, glistening Mane. His hairline was receding. Badly was going way back and now look at him he's basically an animai character. The [ __ ] on the daily dan is, basically people have body pillows in the image of Dan. Now it's true thanks to science, guys baldness can be optional, hems connected with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat your hair loss. There's a well known genetic equivalent to a name-brand prescription to help you keep your hair okay. These are prescription solutions back to by science, there's no waiting room, no awkward, doctor visits save hours by going to four hams, dot-com, so freaking easy answer, a few quick questions, doctor's review and you prescribe you your medicine to keep those beautiful hairs plugged right in your damn head products are shipped directly to your door so order. Now my listeners get a trial month of hymns for just $5 today, right now, while supplies last see website for full details, this would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or pharmacy and let's not even talk about time, which is the most priceless of all resources available to man. All right saves you that goto for hems comm / a tree, that's fo, r, hims, comm, / h3 for hams, comm / h3! Keep that beautiful head of hair. Don't let it fade away like all your dreams have. We are back and I am still upset, took a little break, still met frankly. I feel, like I, feel a little bit like this right now. That's how I feel right now now I actually did speak with YouTube we're offline nobody's listening, oh it's weird, but we saw they removed the strike. Okay, we can live stream now, but I mean obviously we have to finish offline. You started already we're gonna combine the episodes. They said they were wrong. It was a mistake whatever that means somebody removed the video that it wasn't if they could. Let's put it this way they if they could redo it again, they would leave the video up somebody's, probably getting fired today, yeah right, mone, you think someone's getting fired. It was just some grunt. What mistake is that you just go and give someone a strike, and this thing I've like really obtuse rules. It's like some grunt who's, making $10 an hour in India for all I know. You know what I'm saying and it's like these. These are low. This is how YouTube's formatted it's just so ridiculous, Alex Jones video yeah. They saw it as a reload and not somebody talking about it. Obviously you can talk about it, so they said it was a mistake but, like this is a problem with how YouTube formats their company is so ridiculous. There's some so it's anonymous, Gras ridiculous gonna shut down their stream. They know us they have our phone number. They know we were gonna talk about it. It's like you guys, I, never went I, never went beyond. You know an 18 year old, dudes, first job who's, making $10 an hour who was just like I got reported, or this matches Alex Jones content that shouldn't be reuploaded. He opens it and he's like you know what [ __ ] this guy. It's like damn come on: y'all [, __, ], all right, I, don't how to move on and how it's I don't know how we're gonna talk about a squirting in a cop Oh, God squirting in a cup I'm, so upset that we're offline right now and the whole episode is so weird. Now because, like we're trapped like how do you talk about something else, I'm gonna try yeah, let's get off this. So the other week I would do a fertility clinic cuz we're trying to have a kid. We don't know what we we've been. You know we've been trying to I would try to [ __ ], knock you up for like how long you're, probably I'm, just [ __ ], make some damn babies, sometimes I wonder I'm like [ __ ], maybe I, see friends with kids and I'm, like damn I, don't know if I? Well, maybe it's not. Maybe we shouldn't do this dog I. Do like this leap at mile of sleep I, don't wanna sleep too much, but at night I prefer to sleep, love sleep. We have friends with kids they're like it's been two years they're like yeah, we don't yeah I hate. My life they're, like oh heads, are the best. Meanwhile, like kids, are the best thing you'll ever do. Meanwhile, it's like yeah I didn't get any sleep. I have to leave every time we hang out at 3 p.m. I. Try I bring to escape my family for any from five minutes at a time. Yeah, it's really great! So anyway, it's pretty weird. Why do we all want to do it to ourselves? Why do you want? Why do we want kids like what is wrong with us? It's just we have a shredder is perfect. Yeah he's a perfect angel like as perfectly as could be I. Remember how happy we were when we left him at home, for, like our, we took him to the groomer yesterday for like three hours, and we left him at the room where I'm still paranoid about what happened in those three hours, though we weren't with him yeah I, have a fear, lead a lot of my tires or put a finger up his ass or something in a weird way. Cuz. This is dirt and rumors I'm telling you the truth. Our groomers are [ __, ], weird, the woman who receives him doesn't have teeth she's literally toothless. She was like a nub rotting away in her mouth, but it's not a weird. It's like a really nice place. Yes, what I had to say in the main local area like it's not like we're taking him to a weird place, we're taking him to a nice place right place. 500 views work whatever, but in my mind I would imagine a lady, the [, __ ] dogs. That's what I would imagine and then she goes shredder has this move when he cuddles with you that he looks inside your ear yeah, and so she goes. She says to me: what I? Just don't worry, I know where you're going with it and don't want this thought in my head. Well, I, don't know what happened, what she says to me. What could pick him up? She's like oh, that's, his move, huh that he licks in the ears I was like that sounds like shredder, but I'm also like what situation is he? Why is he up there? What was she doing? Why was she? Why was he's a capable of putting his tongue in her ear, you're thinking he gives good head you're thinking. No, but I don't know. I was afraid that you were gonna say that she was enjoying it or something: no I'm, not that you're, better [ __ ]. He doesn't like natural food that won't imagine what her mouth looks. Like imagine, no job looks like you know. Oh, we got rotting teeth in there. I know no, it's so for at any rate. Imagine having a kid. You leave your dog for three hours. If the sick thoughts you have in your mind, so anyway, I went to I, went to fourteener for Atilla t clinic to analyze my semen. It's a funny situation that I wanted to talk about by the way checks out my siemens great, no more more normal, not equal in like dude. Your semen is thank the doctors, like your semen, is insane bro. It's normal said it's normal, that's dank if you're seeming normal, that's dang. So anyway, you go to this little some, it's just this little office. They bring into this back little room and they bring you into this room and they're like alright. Well, here's a cup you sure can do and when you're done you bring it out and there's like a little. You know little window, you open, and then you put the cup in and you close it and I guess some other person back there gargles it checks out Sam, it's fine know whatever they do and then would that be funny, though. No because you you imagine, there's like advanced machinery and they looking at under telescope, but it's just some [ __ ] weirdo gargles up there like it's a little on the weak side, I think it is advanced machinery yeah. It's just a funny thought ela anyway, I walked into the room and I was so I was just repulsed. I had that I took a bunch of pictures of the room that I want to show you guys. So let me let me open that up. Where's all this [ __ ], my desktop Oh God go away. [, __ ] off, oh my god, so here squirting and the cup pictures got a slideshow for you guys. So here's the room, hello, so here's the room I want to subscribe it for our audio listeners. So this. So what are we so? Basically, now what you're looking at is headphones that are plugged in to the TV. Okay, now look next to it. At the wall, there's trip Oh running down the wall yeah, it's like, like some dudes, just insurance all over the wall and there's just like stains on the headphones are on the ground. It's like imagine, walking those on your head. Why is it on the ground? You'd, look, look dude! There's a splooge drip! Look by the left, headphone there's like a wet drip there you see that right here might well put the mouse over it. You see this! There's a splooge drift! Oh, oh, you don't see it look! There's just! Oh! So, okay, holy [, __, ], yeah I am their own saying thirty, so these are like they've got like Playboy's and stuff in this. Imagine touching that the sticky a spacious little white? Oh it's coming! It's magazines! It's on the wall, magnifico noise and hustlers and [ __ ], but like this has been handled by thousands of dudes who have jerked off before you. Imagine touching that I think you gotta wear like a hazmat suit when you're walking through this room, bro I drop I was like when I walked in well. Wait. Do you see the chair? The chair? That's the first thing you see when you walk in the room, looks like a torture chair, crazy. It's like a pee pad like Striders pee pants. It's like it's like yeah dude. That's fine, I'll, totally jerk off in that chair. Now that you've covered it with it's a pee pad expect the year like get naked and sit on that I. Don't know you got to do what you got to do. That's the only share in the room. I did a standing up, yeah drop, trou and I got I just banged it I would work no matter. How much did this chair was covered. I would not sit on it. No I was horrified when I walked in that's when I decided to get my camera. When I saw this chair like this unbelievable, what do they expect that you're gonna jerk off onto the chair, I, don't know you know some weird dudes are into this. They probably don't even they do this every week. There really don't even need to know it just turns them on this. Is so here's the cup yeah, so you crack it open. You do the deed, and then you have to put the exact time you squirted. So I was like 1153 and you know exact minute, because so you because I guess you know over time the semen degrades hmm. So like the minute matters, I like it's like right next to the TV remote. So potentially my semen could be even stronger and they were just a couple of minutes off right. Imagine touching anything in that room, so they've got a TV with like porn on it and you can put the headphones off and sit in the chair and jerk off, which was insane I just stood right. There I supported all over the [ __ ] chair and everything. No I did look at this trash can full of jizz rag. Oh my god. They don't even when I walked in just full of rags doesn't even have a top look at least use a trash can with a table or something just close up. Why are the headphones on the ground? Yeah I mean there's. So here's the situation right, some Lube, a tiny, really old, TV I mean gosh. Then, doesn't it cost money to do this yeah? It was like 200 bucks. So what's with the shitty room, they don't even have money for like a nicer but TV stand, and so it's all gonna be on this tiny look. I, don't know what you know. I know, ladies needs. Some kind of romancing I literally I was like listen I'm here, I could I [ __ ] I drop trou, it I probably was in and out okay, no sound of one minute. I don't want to spend another second in their way, despite being in there with my dick out I thought, I was gonna, get like wart is orell thing empty. It looks empty, it's very low e. Well, we've got a lot of use. I mean just imagine like imagine this you're about to jerk off with this a Lube, and you have to touch yeah like even the act of squirting it out. It's like they're, not aware of how gross have anything go in there like a full body con. That's my tour of I can't believe you're huh, but then the weird thing is like you go in the room and then you you do it in the cup and you bring it out and then you have to go back in the lobby meet the Merc, the nurse. So you let go and you face this middle-aged woman. You know and then you go to bailing and some old lady's like here's, your here's, your bill for working off. So weird I. Can what situation can you just? Everyone knows you're jerking off and it's all good. It's bunch of strangers say interesting thing. So we all did our test and everything is normal. So maybe we should just not have a kid, because it's a sign from God. Don't let me back in that room? It's crazy! It's a crazy thing! Yeah! You just sheepishly walk out. They sit your ass in another Lobby and everyone's staring at you like what you just jerked off. That's what you feel like it was looking. Although they do it all day, they don't even care. No, they don't care mmm-hmm what if they ever see a guy like walk out and there's like some jizz on his shoe or something probably they've, probably seen that small room. It's like there's no room for air in there pretty wild stuff um. We wanted to talk about YouTube stream podcast, it's hard to get back into it. I'm exhausted, because we've been here for like five hours, I'm like I'm worthless after a couple of hours, when we do these, my voice is already hurting from talking so much just I know it started this episode sucks what else we got a jeep I, it's hard to go on I'm, exhausted! We've got this segment from Ian, yeah I! Think we'll have to we're gonna axion segment. Should we just bring him out and do a segment? Let's just let's just get through this? Let's see, let's, let's slam through it, adjutant muster the strength to care about this I. Just realized: how long has this been Dan? Well because of all of the starting stopping a little tough to say, let's see, probably just about an hour the episodes an hour long? Oh, my god feels like we've been here forever feels like a week. I think we're actually probably under an hour. Even oh, my god, yeah, are you serious. Yeah I mean the longest. Our episode ever we've been recording for 16 minutes. Since we came back in from the sponsor, read and I think we broke at the 35 minute mark this month. It reads about five minutes long, so yeah, alright about an hour ajit pie. You guys remember this [ __ ] idiot. Look at this idiot. Let me show you this face. Guy's got the most goofy his goddamn face and I say that. Only because he's such an [ __ ], actually his face in their article you're gonna open his funnier. Is it C, so edgy pi, the chairman of the FCC, lied to Congress about alleged cyber attacks. That didn't actually happen. So when you guys remember this huge battle for net neutrality, we actually made a podcast about it too. Oh, let me show this. You mean this one here, I love, the framing of that shot. I mean I, can't fault, you can't have a complaint. Oh that's a bad photo of me when, like you're, your actual headshot looks like this like this guy. Just he looks goofy in every photo come on like that's his that's the picture on the wall, so this is the guy I. Don't remember. We've talked about him, so edgy PI during this huge raging debate about net neutrality, god I, can't muster the strength to care about this. This is so hard, so I mean it is what it is. We don't have to do the failed episode. What we planned is not anymore anyway. They said they got so many people that were like [, __ ]. You I want net neutrality, that their website crashed and they're like see how bad we want net neutrality and the FCC was like. Actually, you guys have greatly exaggerated how many people have come, because the reason our website got shutdown is because we were hacked and DDoS attacked mm-hmm by people trying to make it look like. There was more people than there were, so they just made outright lied. Cuz these such a little [ __, ], [, __ ]. Look at the homepage like how yeah it is. Isn't there a whole team that has to agree on that statement? Yes ma'am and they all agreed. So it first came out by like they're, sick they're tech person and then a geez pie boy came out and did a press conference in front of Congress and said we were DDoS attack. Now everybody who knows about tech was looking at it and being like there's no evidence we're almost certain that didn't happen, and it came to the point where it was pretty much proven that they were never ddos attack, so we're there now forced to just recently August 8th to admit that they lied about an alleged cyber attack that didn't actually ever happen because they looked like such made. This I'm not surprised. This is the guy who made those videos about net neutrality in his Santa suit. So do they get any kind of punishment for lying about it, yeah in the same world, but my friend that is far from the world we live in mm-hmm I, just know that this he got a pie in the face, but it's not the first and won't be the last, and this I think this guy's just used to having cream all over his face. You know saying you know if his face got creamed anymore. He'd, look like the chair in that office. You know what I'm saying I know: okay, I got through that story. What else we gonna film Academy Awards new category at the Academy? What do you call those the Oscars? What do you call those yeah, the Oscars new category at the Oscars outstanding achievement and popular film, because all the popular films never get nominated cuz? It's all this art, [ __ ] that nobody's [, __ ] watched by the way I kinda agree like the shape of water who cared about that movie. I, don't understand, mm I, don't know one before without more wine. A bunch of stuff on my part was like moonlight, which was like the super luck. I know, and people saw that I haven't seen that one so I can't tell, but I saw when I was traveling to Israel. I got to watch a bunch of movies, so I saw it. The shape of water I was like what who cares guys? It's a movie. She [ __ ] a fish. She falls in love with him for no reason it's like the the story was so weird I haven't seen it but eel. Has it really good? They wouldn't like it house like lemon. Let me get this straight. It's a chick flick! It's about the power of love when a [ __ ] can be so sorry session say like that. I shouldn't frame like that when a girl, I didn't mean lady yeah I just mean that, like the colloquial sense of I shouldn't say that so, when a sweet, young lovely, misunderstood, yeah cuz, you can't talk she's, so misunderstood, she's, mute yeah. That true love can still find you an N in the form of a giant fish [, __ ]. He looks like a fish monster or whatever tell me, does she actually [ __ ] him? Yes, they actually have sex. They are biologically capable of having sex. Yes and it's she does it in an apartment. That is not hers. She fills up the man. I, don't know if this is like, if anyone's gonna get upset for me spoiling the shitty movie, but uh nobody cares um. She fills up the bathroom with water boiler that they [, __, ] I, don't know, I knew about it before I watched the movie. So I, don't think so. Everyone has talked about Arden and if there's a sexual act they do with the gills. No, she they acknowledged that he has liked it yeah they whelmed out. Do they ever knowledge? How big it is? No, but she fills up the bathroom with water so that they can swim together. The bathroom yeah she fills up the room out with the water how's that possible not possible and the water is leaking well, no through the whole building. So somehow she's a hero. She didn't care about everyone else in the bill: Ella berated, when she destroys this whole bill floods this whole building, so she can get a little fish dick because she's so pathetic and lonely. She can't go over the corner far to the dive. I get some dick the normal way, yes and we're giving her Academy Award II, like you, need to do movie reviews you're such a hater like in a great way dude. We need ela movie room holy [, __ ], so anyway outstanding achievement popular film. It's kind of a slap in the face, though -. It's like it's not a real category. It's like yeah, it's fast and furious. Is the winner fast and furious. 21 is the winner and outstanding achievement in popular film, everyone stands up and claps - like fake ass award. They even they even give examples movies, like the guardians of the galaxy and Star Wars. Films could be nominated for both this new category and Best Picture. However, the intent of this category is to honor more popular, blockbuster type movies. A la the Avengers or Star Wars I mean look. If you can't make a good movie, that's popular both like Lord of the Rings one I'm surprised, Star Wars, anything yeah why they should. Well, you remember the start. Lord of the Rings was like sweeping every year, because guess what it's popular and good yeah, what popular and good makes it the best? And that's when you win this new category is [ __ ] everything up because no longer can you be like popular and good god forbid, and you know what it is. It enables Hollywood to be even more [ __ ], that's true, because they're gonna be like well we'll win this shitty nominee biggest [ __ ] waste of time, Ward [ __ ], like they also enabling them they also are gonna, make the award show shorter because they acknowledge that it's boring and no one is watching down to a mere three hours. From for UK me on my hour, a half of this podcast and I'm dying watch your [ __ ] shell, for three goddamn to our brother watch. This I rather watch her I've snacked with her fish for three hours. He's like a fish- god fish god he's probably, but they never explain why they never show like what so godlike about him. It's [ __ ] caught. They explicitly refer to him as a god yeah. It is a god. Yeah he's a fish cut, okay, like what Stanley they're like what makes them a god they're like 15 inches. It's just so like typical, there's like this evil man who just want to kill him for no reason for no reason and then she's the only one who sees the beauty in him right so stupid, he's gotta be a button for this. Destroy the tree. There's no context you don't saying! Well, we I could do a movie review, I, hey dude. We need I hate 90% of all movies, I, don't know if it's a new segment if it's a h3 video reviews so insane. Let's start on the podcast, it's kind of embarrassing, it's kind of like the the segment that I hate on Jimmy Kimmel, except that you're actually coherent and have an opinion he's just doing knowledge. Yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean he just ran incoherently and it's just because he has a accents. You're like a glorious hater like you are dismantling. This is a dumbass video like that. A beautiful thing, I'll think about III. Anyway. Look! But you know you guys judge for yourself, but I I do fear that like, but you guys are gonna hate me because I hate movies do you like? Probably so good though, but you can't hate it, cuz you're, so lovable, alright, what else we got Amazon glasses, my throat is actually hurting. Amazon is patented, some goggles and by the way you know, yadda yadda yadda the workers they wear it. It's all going to reality, so they work more effectively. Here's a picture. They look like ski goggles and it's pretty nuts. The warehouse is so big that they need to create goggles. That gives you it's like a GPS. It tells you turn left turn right to to get the product speculate, that this tech is actually being used to Train deep-learning AI, so that they can eventually throw out all these [ __ ] loser ass humans and just have robots doing it mmm-hmm interesting. What's next we're so [ __ ], there's no jobs left. You know I'm saying anyway, I. Don't really believe in that, because there will be new jobs. You know. Well, there is a problem. I mean like historically it's like people, don't ride horses anymore, so but then it really they new YouTube videos yeah. Well how many people can YouTube are no but I mean there's new jobs. I know, but it's like before, but it's shrinking, because Adam ation automation was never problem was like shifting fields yeah, it was like. Oh, we don't need people to raise horses, but now we're building cars and it's a new field or, like you, don't need people digging coal up, but now there's all these people in renewable energy. Exactly but automation is a different issue. Yeah, it's literally replacing people yeah of every job yeah, it's all, because you got an order. You're, cute tips and one day shipping from amazon instead of walking through rocks five minutes away from your house. Did you know we're guilty of that every day? What else we got Ian you wanna. Do this presentation for chrissake little Suzy, here's another Ian put together segments for us, lil Uzi, vert who's, a hip-hop rapper, he raps! He he ripped off or, let's not say, ripped off. He got inspired by the art of Heaven's Gate cult. If you guys don't remember these sweet very inspired and creative individuals, the Heaven's Gate cult, they were the guys you guys may recall when Haley Bob came around, which is this comment that comes around earth about every two thousand years or so Dan. Is that correct me if I'm wrong, approximately yeah, that's right and hail Bob Hale Bob sounds like such a great sounds like an already Haley Bob Hale Bopp anyway, these dudes- they actually you know drinking the kool-aid, but these are the guys. They that's they're mean they're. They originally originally drink. No, they were applesauce guys, oh no! It is a Jonestown differently different. Can we take this? When do we not both poison cyanide? Well, they're, the Nike. They had these sweet-ass Nikes right I did hear about the Nike. Yes, there's another. They all were wearing looking like so fresh, like ultimate sneaker heads these guys and they had these fresh s Nikes on and they ate this apple sauce with poison in it and they all said smell you later earth and in there they believed that Haley bop bhai only pop whatever [ __, ] Haley Bob le Bob, is about what is it Dan I believe it's Hale Bopp Hale Bopp. We repeat: we end that be hard at the Energon appeal. How do we pronounce it Hale Bopp for fact-checking this right now, Bob we got the my kids bot yeah, getting the expert in there, so Hale Bopp, not yet Hale Bopp comes around every 2000 years and they thought there's an alien spaceship, the mothership that cruises behind the comment and if they kill themselves when it's close to the earth, they go up to the spaceship I. Don't know why there? Why are they so eager to get on that spaceship in we'll be able to answer that for us? What's going on on that spaceship? That's so dope parties, I love that they were all like. We've determined that this Nike is the freshest. We want to bring these with them, I wonder if today would be Easy's or what no they're like these Yeezys are the freshest shoe for eternity it's too hard to get. So what did some cold guys are? Gonna, be, like you know, hard to just get ten Newsies? Are you kidding me anyway, so they died, and but- and so anyway, there's two of them that they left behind to maintain the website, which is hilarious in its own right. So here is um their original art here, Heaven's Gate, which is pretty sick. Honestly yeah was it's a as was promised. The keys to Heaven's Gate are here again in that fonts kind of tricky, hmm and who and do the UF o to as they were in Jesus and his father. 2,000 years ago, oh I guess they're theories that it passed last time I passed was when Jesus was alive. So he jumped on up to the spaceship. What kind of dumbass plot is that of Jesus to be like yo I came to this planet to create life and die for all your sins, but guess what my spaceship only comes around every two thousand years you gonna be wearing I care in the freshest use. Do an internal party know Jesus was the ultimate sneaker head. I love that graphic though they're graphic designers are insane and like the gay, it looks like a key so I, don't it's so good, so I and his new album art was here. I'll show you obviously like I know, if you want call it a parody, but obviously really already heavily. You know inspired by and frankly, it's so sick. There's this better yeah, there's like ultimate freshness, as was promised, the keys to eternal I, take art here in love and rage, the UFO too, as a little you see vert and his father 2,000 years ago anyway, I love, it I think it's great what he did, but guess who didn't Heaven's Gate, who, by the way I, probably have a chip on the shoulder cuz, all their [ __ ] homies her cruise, you know a UFO with Jesus having a crazy party with ya like crazy sneakerhead party, so there they got a chip on their shoulder and Franklin, don't blame them, so they're threatened to sue little lose Ebert and that kind of leaves us off worth in. Who, as you know, is the keeper of culture and knowledge here to report on the huge drama that has been sending shockwaves throughout the hip-hop community and the earth at large, he's even been in touch with their surviving to cult members he's been in contact, he has communications with them. So with that being said in please you're actually I think you were supposed to come in already I'm being Frank hit him with you hit him with the stinger. Are you waiting for me? Okay, so um as you guys are setting that up kind of kind of watch, the timing a little bit, God Jesus Christ? What happened? You have an excuse. What we think you are you about. What happened? Are you blaming dad dad made it out and fit it out? What's on your mind, there's clearly something on your mind that you're wanted to say. So if you have an excuse for what, for this tell me what's on your mind, what's on my mind, is Heaven's Gate all right, okay, gonna play it cool, that's fine, but this was good at you know, burning the time, okay, destroy the child, all right! Well, so here we go so Ian has put together in his classic form a PowerPoint presentation. Yeah once again is the keeper of culture and knowledge. We low point and power points yeah, which we loved very much, which is the intersection, doesn't cross very frequently the power point and the keeper of quote and youth culture he's bringing power, often not criss-crossing I, want to bring power points into the mainstream. A little more glad. You hear that's a great format. It's no with that being said in, please lead us on a bizarre journey into outer space and beyond. Okay, thank you, aliens, cults and hip-hop, an investigation by Ian the intern. That is me you kind of prefaced a lot of it. You know, but I had a little back story with lil Uzi vert grammy-nominated rapper six times platinum, hit single EXO tour life. Cultist. Ah, do we know well? This is the question that I'm seeking our answer. Emojis. Thank you. Damn yeah I had to pay extra for the emoji pack. You know for the PowerPoint. No, you don't know how to PNG I, don't what's any more so on July 6th. This is where it all started. Lil Uzi vert changes his Instagram profile picture to the following. Oh that's, the leader. This is yeah. This squid worthless good word. Looking fella look at that face and tell me that too, it is not a spaceship with Jesus right. The F. Now that guy's, a cult leader, yeah he's a guy I could get behind. I. Think also. An interesting note is he's only following one person and it's Marilyn Manson. It's just a mattock yeah, it's interesting! So that's what kicked it off and then on July 4 31st. He releases his album cover the one you mentioned there and then on August 1st. He tweets the following: I, never really worried, because I will definitely transfer to another body. Please come with me I'm part of the new movement which those are some ideas from Heaven's Gate. So do you, okay, I'm interested I, didn't know that he was actually yeah. Did he get the memo? Because that comment doesn't come around for a bit? Well, that's what I asked him about as well. Let's not get I mean imma. Let me do you think: okay I'm, captivated though it is interesting. Luzi wants to ride the mothership cuz. He didn't just grab the graphic he's actually saying you know like transferring to another body or some of their beliefs. So what all this mean? So all this mean what all this mean we need to know so, there's them side by side. The the bottoms they're like here again entiendo. Those were the names of the two leaders. Dull was the Squidward looking man, okay, he passed away and then he kind of went a little loopy. That was his wife or significant others. They were the cult leaders together. He believes like it says, as they were in Jesus two thousand years ago. He believes that he is Jesus. The guy is Jesus yeah he's trying to get back to God, not like he was actually him, but he's been possessed by an alien spirit that also possessed Jesus 2,000 years ago. Yeah, so Jesus was possessed by an alien found. People took them up and then came back 2,000 years later, Wow and grabbed a couple more. So that's that's the belief system. There I gotta, say design-wise that G really Nestle's into that keyhole way better than that yeah. It definitely does. Someone pointed out to me as well that it like the Green Bay Packers kind of the G. It's like the same gene. These guys are prolific designer yeah, like this design, is a kind of next-level insane. No, it's great bring me up. Man yeah, also like the I, have to say the curvature of the earth is really like accurate yeah. That's a really powerful curvature of a huge planet, Earth mm-hmm, but Sussie owned it. He went a little too much curvature, yeah it's more of like a tee ball class. So this is the guy Marshall Applewhite like a polite, yeah, interesting cuz. Then he had them all killed themselves with applesauce I thought it inspired a fun little Easter Egg. So here's a clip of him. Your only chance to evacuate is to leave with us. It looks like he then drink. A lot of water planet acid about to be recycled. Your only chance to he doesn't blame I'd like to survive. Okay, look at this broad wait is to leave. He recorded these tapes that kind of as a way to get people on board and up to speed. Oh, this is a cool recruitment, X Y, a oh yeah, so yeah in March of 1997 38 members of the Heaven's Gate cult, ate poison, apple sauce, killed themselves and attempt aboard the comment and they all put on identical outfits in matching Nike decades before the deed. So I have a picture of that in this next one. My fresh is: oh thank you. Oh they have a little patch, oh yeah. They designed that patch as well, and they all had it on their shoulder. Sync chair, SEC, the Nikes are discontinued and incredibly rare. A few pairs on eBay are going for around $800 right now. It's pretty ordinary they're watching yeah. The shoe itself isn't that nice, but a story like honor yeah. It's interesting! How that's appealing but yeah the remaining members are threatening legal action now hold on I mean I'm fascinated by the fact that some of these guys were left behind apple juice or not to chug that you know what I'm saying yeah yeah they're left behind, specifically to do a cup just to maintain the website. Yeah I asked them about that am I. Getting had myself. Do you have you have yeah we're good all right, so this is their website like, as it looks today, it hasn't changed since 1997 motif yeah. They really stuck with it. Oh so I was just saying: I spoke with remaining member to get some clarification, so my first thing I I, said: have you heard of oozy before what do you think of his music who designed the original logo? It's pretty high caching, they said we did not hear of him before the 31st very yeah. We know nothing of his music. It was designed by a couple members of the group in the spring of 96. So a year before they all say, yeah yeah I'll took off. This is not the first time a musician has co-opted Heaven's Gate in 2016, Frank Ocean use the same imagery for his song Nikes. So here's a picture from his music, video and I was like what do you think of people using worse? You can see that in the the bed there and the Nike shoes. That's that's like the picture. Yeah. Oh, what they're gonna come on. Dude I was just curious in tribute yeah. So I said yeah: do you find it upsetting or you glad to see that Heaven's Gate is impacting popular culture? What is the appeal? Really good questions and I was getting curious. They sent me a whole. They understand that it's pervaded the culture, but Frank Ocean was not infringing on logos. So right so they're, not obsessed guys are like very business, oriented, yeah, they're, very business, very business they don't mess around. Can we just acknowledge this is kind of insane that hands having a conversation. Yeah, hmm yeah is where you get in touch with them. They have you can reach out. That's all they do is answer emails. That's damn one of them. They don't have a job, they do I. Do they don't say what no good they I have an idea of what it may be, but they didn't explicitly say: what's your idea do that later, yeah, okay, can't wait. So they told me that they weren't bothered by that. They know that their information is controversial. Artists reflect the social discussion, many are interested in the information and that the generation Z group wants to learn more and are not as put off as others have been over 21 years. We are not here to waste our time yeah. Eventually they want to cede the planet and break through with their information. We are not here to harm mankind. We are here to educate and inform so I said you were mentioning that you're hoping to seed the planet I've come to understand that the next level that's kind of what they call. Heaven is only accessible, every two thousand or so years with the passing of the comet. Is that the only way to get there? It's estimated return in the year, 4000 380? What are your plans for the next two thousand three hundred and sixty two years? Are you? Are you planning on just spreading the teachings throughout the next two millenniums by way of reincarnation, because they believe in reincarnation? Okay, they kind of sass me a little bit here. Really. Where did you get the idea that we time ourselves to space debris hold on wait? The comet is space debris that yeah, apparently the comet, isn't the UFO. The UFO is behind it in like a jet stream, but he's saying that the UFO can come around any time. Yeah, okay. He says the next level created this universe and can come and go whenever and wherever they choose. We don't know when they will return, but we'll be less than 900 or so. Okay, so they'll be so no worries, so they just equip 900 yeah where they. What did you get there? I love space debris, yeah, simple, mortal dumbass for thinking this I love did they say we don't know when it will return, but it will be within 900 years. Yeah. No we're okay, yeah, Nathan fielder would just be like okay I said when the members left for the next level. What was the conversation like in which you were instructed to stay behind? How many were asked to stay? Did you feel reluctance or possibly relief whoa? You know I'm curious, and they said there were no conversations. We received our instructions. All the group departed by 6 p.m. on March 24th. There were no options. Chest instruction sounds kind of East, there's some baggage there yeah they didn't really they just kind of said. Okay. This is what we're told and we'll have to do it but I'm, but this guy I there's there's some real. Do you think there's some yeah like he's just like we're just lawyer soldiers and we just get an instruction and follow it yeah, but, like you, can tell there's some resentment there. You'd think I mean if the 39 people are going to like this space paradise there has to be, and but we need you to stay behind and Duke like [ __ ] yield yeah like they're all shilling their thing. You know what I'm saying he's he's worshipping the next level: yeah yeah. We need somebody to [, __ ]. Somebody asked me to stay the night extra to maintain the website. I'm upset, imagine 900 years yeah, but who's gonna watch like little Uzi vert and see what he isn't, how many were left behind and how will you reach the next level they said. Eight were left behind. Five have died of natural causes but completed their tasks in 1997-98. We too are left in Arizona and one is in Los Angeles. We will rejoin them in a classroom situation at some point in time, our nation, what a classroom situation? What does that mean? I have no idea huh. We will reincarnate and rejoin them in a classroom situation, yeah, so I'd, all just chilling in class breakfast clubs, shredder yeah, so I, don't know what the classroom I'm gonna love this guy. How old this is kind of an old guy. It must be right. It's a couple. The the couple that live in Arizona I think I'm, jumping from one to the to the other. In these responses, oh yeah, they must be on the older side like yeah sixties, maybe because the Colts later the code started around the 70s, so they speak kind of like old people, yeah yeah, no emojis I asked them as your primary directive to manage the website and answer inquiries. Do you have other duties? I was reading some of the guidelines for the group and they're really restrictive down to like they were instructing how big your pancakes could be. Hmm just for dietary purposes. Do you have hobbies outside of Heaven's Gate? Maybe a favorite movie or favorite album I was hoping that they'd give me something yeah or like we love like nacho libre or something that some did internet stuff media coverage. One was assigned to production tasks with filmmakers that didn't work out. I actually found that story. There was a producer to make the film and he went on TV and was talking about it and he was on probation for auto theft and they saw him on television in California, with the cult and immediately when I'm rested, him I think that sort of fell through. So we work full times to pay for everything and take care of the group affairs all the other times. So no hobbies. No, we have the duties of providing information so just very focused on their loved see how forthcoming they are, though yeah they're, just like did whatever you want man yeah ever you got to ask so, and they go back to you pretty quick right. What is this yeah they're very fast at responding, so I found that when they were before, everyone went on the spaceship they? The way they made money was actually a lot of them were programmers, and so this was their old website called hire source that they would hi used to get programming jobs, and this is on the wayback machine in 1997. I, don't think it's there anymore, so I just looked at what type of websites they designed and if you go on their website, design, tab, here's a list of stuff they've done, I clicked on one of them. This is pre-madonna. They designed this website for a unauthorized. Madonna, CD yeah was not who made it thinking on it. It's Madonna, but it's like a bootleg and someone hired them to sell this bootleg CD and we've made this pretty awesome website here. So that's how they got their money. It's interesting! Looking all these old websites, one day, I'm sitting on like a small fortune from these Madonna bootlegs I'm sure it was a big business, no work, some de Jong, hey somebody's gotta, be hosting Bill. They are working day, jobs right, yeah, so I read about the website design. Where you one of the designers, have you ever considered updating the website to make it a little more modern I could give you an offer code with Squarespace they weren't on the design team, so they aren't still designing right now, so I know they said no. Thank you. The website is to remain as it was in March 97. Really not promoting our sponsor is I want to do. Don't throw that in quit. It looked like they could use it if I wanted to reach the next level. What are the main steps? I should take. I read that the next level is an actual planet. Is there an actual hell - like Mustafar in the outer rim? That's where is that a reference I'm not getting that's where obi-wan cut on Anakin's arms rate, the next levels across universe? There are no steps that can be taken in this era. So if you want to go now, you're kind of out of luck, you're ranked number 7 on watch mojo's list of top 10 yeah. What do you think of that? They still answering I mean I figured that's kind of an honor right. We don't think WatchMojo means that much hold on shots at one for you yeah. What is the biggest misconception you believe people have when it comes to the group that the members were weak-minded, gullible and brainwashed. Just the opposite is true. I read that the group purchased alien abduction insurance from a uk-based insurance provider prior to March 24th is: is this true? This is like a rumor floating around and it's on their Wikipedia that they bought alien abduction, insurance, there's, actually a company in you in the best business ever to be in how much does it cost for a lien and there's a anyone listening right now? If you want a lien, experence email me I'll, ensure you there's a company in the UK and Geico has a report on it that they've sold over 30,000 insurance policies. That is the best they said that they looked into it but didn't buy it. The internet turned a humorous inquiry by us into a weird insurance event that never happened. It was blown way out of proportion bug-eye, so they just goofed. So this is I. This is pretty in a short way. I asked if little Aussie vert could help carry the torch and spread the word. If he is open to learning with this new movement he mentions, or does he not have what it takes? They go. Lil Uzi vert would have to make a dramatic change in his grasp of what the next level is really like. It would fizzle right, so they don't trust him to carry on the line at a concert. Recently, this freaked everyone out where he said you guys are basically old friends. I, don't like you're, like one I feel like he's gonna show up covered in a blanket with some Nikes on in a couple weeks: I after I. Don't know if I'm gonna stop talking it suck then I know I'm, saying on concern. I've started to rethink some things. I may need to get some insurance. I got you area at a concert recently boozy vert kind of freaked out his fans cuz. He said you, you all have entered the rapture, no one's flying up to heaven. Obviously all of you are going to hell ride with me, you're already here. So sorry, you can't get out you're stuck it's over. You heard the songs a million times you didn't even know so he's saying that his songs are like a gateway to getting people to go to hell. That's a pretty foul thing to say to your fans. Yeah and I was just like what his fans got kind of freaked out but expecting like the ground to like open up from Batman yeah I asked what did they think of this? If you say little, Aussie vert fast enough, it sounds like a lucifer little Uzi, vert Lucifer, and they said he does not know the ways of the next level. Everything he talks about has nothing to do with us. He has to comply with copyright law yeah. What's with little Ozzy, is he really like nah he's just doing it act? Yeah, okay, yeah! That's how I said spinning this is a picture. That's all! On his facebook, his official Facebook is a little avert, starting a Luciferian space cult and dragging his fans to hell. This is kind of the question that looks pretty serious, that panning I don't know. That's official painting, yeah on a Nicki Minaj released a song this morning. One of the lyrics was like when I told Izzy to go to hell. I didn't mean it literally and that's that's. Today. His representatives did not respond to requests for comment. I've reached out to Izzy's people, yeah yeah. His little is everted planning on starting a space cult. Busy vert demon should I be scared of miss I love them credible. Your increase look and they didn't answer and I have no res disreputable, HD podcast. No to us Ian, it's a moralist story. Really! After all, this is beware of rappers offering you applesauce, you know it may be poison, don't get sucked in just be safe, avoid applesauce altogether, because what are you if you're over into age of a year, oh yeah, yeah watch out for guys that look like this. This is a photo taken from their websites on the landing page. How a member of the kingdom of heaven might appear. So if you see a guys out bass tracksuit like some adidas [ __ ] yeah, everything about [, __, ] heads they're, all very fashionable yeah. So if you see that guy walking around you know, look out and get some abduction insurance really good and that's uh, that's the end. Give me some applause here was another great presentation like into intern before I. Send you out tell me about your: how I was a reporting that I was a talking with the members of this infamous cult. I mean, did you feel a lower because they had some kind of a business like charm I'll say: did you feel like you wanted to hang out with that? Tell me: did you learn anything yeah I well, at first I was like. Oh god are these people gonna. You know be weird and freaky and try and find out what like Scientology, will kind of comfort yeah. These guys have kind of been like we're good. We got 900 years to chill out so they're, not very urgent, we're pretty relaxed, just don't mess with their copyrights yeah. Well, apparently they are not suing they're threatening to sue they're threatening and now he seems like he may be changing the peace backing off yeah Wow. So it's an interesting story. That's a shame! All right, thank you, Anne [Applause], five for you destroy the child. Guys. Thank you for watching, remember to head up, represent calm /hre Street for this sick-ass two weeks only available Grateful, Dead merch, inspired merch. This was a rough ride. I maybe will do the Alex Jones segment later. Cuz I! Think it's good, but I just can't do it now, mmm-hmm feel so exhausted man I hope this was a watchable episode was a wild, weird freaking wasted ride, and now we have to upload it tomorrow. Cuz it's already like six takes eight hours, I mean it takes until eight to put it up too late. We gotta upload it tomorrow, Wow, so guys stay tuned because we have got a slamming schedule: jacksepticeye Bert, Kreischer, Tim, Heidecker, Adam Carolla, looking good for the a trip out here as long as we don't get banned from live streaming on, YouTube everything's. Looking up for us and remember, we'll see you in the next level, thanks for mothership is in the sky and I'm about to hitch a ride. That means kill myself, alright, guys catch you next time, Tata [Music].