Hello, nice to see again thanks for joining us today on this very, very special episode of the h3 podcast, no memes left behind. First of all, let me welcome you all, under the gazebo yeah today, on a very special up for the extra podcast we'll be joined by Kidd the producer in the intern ela the pregnant [Music] nomemes left behind today, we are sponsored by Skillshare. Now let me explain what is going on today. Okay, throughout the year, we've covered a lot of stories. We've talked about a lot of things, but there's always these great gifts, laughs and gaffes and booths, even I would even venture to say a couple of booths that fall through the crack they're great, but we just didn't have time to get to them, and so we've asked dan and Ian and ela, and even myself, to go through all of our documents over the course of the past year and to salvage to save our fallen meme brothers, who have fallen behind enemy lines, and we've said no. These are fresh. These are spooky. These deserve to be aired, and so that is what we are here to do today. So today no meme will be left behind and that's it so Ian and and Dan. Would you join us please in the in the office here in the studio, so introducing Dan? Of course, yes round of applause as a couple of Bob donuts join us. If you would please thank you so much now, Danny Ian! Now, how long have you guys been with this uh? Let's see it was first episode was uh. You know what the first episode was: Joey salads. Why did I think? So? How was that as like? You were I? Don't know if you were fans of us, but you knew who we were yeah no I was a fan. I watched the show or the main channel pretty regularly, so I knew Joey's downs, and that was definitely. That was definitely a weird thing to step into, but I think the second week was steve-o, which is [ __ ] awesome yeah to get to meet him so I was that was a good introduction and the producer we cherish and love. We were a bit of a mess here and Dan was like a great recommendation from somebody through twitch right and so we're like dude. Do you want to just work, full-time well, yeah and the rest has been history as they say and we're just about a year ago. Well, it was even longer summer it was summer of 2017, so there you go time flies man seriously flies, that's crazy and Ian. Of course the illustrious I want to say the eternal intern reached out to us has a great origin story. Ian Ian was reaching out to us even before we hired then I think well, I probably told the story a couple times, but it bears being repeated because that we get a lot of emails from people and our you know. We have a work with h3 email, that's open to the general public got a lot of requests, a lot of emails, but Ian comes through very respectable, very eloquent and he says hey. You know what I would like to be an intern for you and you must have emailed us like 20 times like Shawshank Redemption, like remember when he was. Writing the letter asking for library funds that we keep checking in with us, cuz I, know we'll need help, but we can't do it right now, but we will so were you a fan of ours, Ian yeah, yeah, I was, and I really and I yeah I really kind of harassed. You guys I was basically you know. Just you know. Bothering you non-stop now now was that a technique I have to ask what did were you writing other people similar emails, because you had a strategy I'm wondering people were you. You know not really out, not really. Actually, because you know you guys were we're the most open mm-hm. You know a lot of people just you know trash recycle, this email, so you know you guys were open. Like you said you said, keep trying so you know I. Did you kept at it yeah? Well, that's it! That's a good life lesson for all the people out there that persistence is truly the key to either success or prison, depending on where you are success, yeah restraining order, one or the other. It's good to know the difference, but not all of us have that gift, and he and I want to say, has been a treat a pleasure, a joy, we love and so much god bless Diana in turn, he's not really an intern anymore, he's blossomed into so much more yeah. My first episode was when Skippy and John Smith I feel like things that have like tamed. Since you guys, we got to get back into doing some more weird and wild stuff, but those were the days huh persuaded Joey salads in over a year. Well I'm, looking forward to our Christmas special, this 21st right, we're gonna, do another charity, Christmas special, oh okay, well, yeah, we're doing it with Justin roiland, Alex, Hirsch and Dana Terrace, Terrace, saying it right. That's right, yeah I, think you're, right, I, don't I blanked, but anyway from the last and Joey salad. So we're trying to think how can we, you know, involve Joey salads in this and we were thinking well, we already pepper sprayed him. Maybe we can shoot them with a non-lethal beanbag and, of course, Justin will have to be the one to pull the tray ya know the twenty first mark it down on the calendars boys. We're gonna do a lot of good this year and that would be the last episode before yeah. Yes, yes, yes, well guys here we are gathered today at the podcast table and we have a lot of weird beer yeah being in here. You guys like being in here, or do you not like being in here? It's I, don't know, I definitely prefer to be behind the scenes yeah. But it's okay! Ian! Do you like your airtime? Oh I'm, having a panic attack like you, like the air I, think I'm a camera, no you're, not a hawk you're, not, but nobody no means a hog. What I mean you know you you're you're, you you have a presence on camera. Yeah you have natural charisma, I, always think that is like more like me, mmm, it's subtle! It's subtle! Don't work! You know it's subtle! Panic attack, yeah I, don't I, don't mind it sure yeah! You love it. We slam that handle of whiskey right before we came in here, so we have together. I I will go first, I have what I call the Turkish food segment, and this is one yes, that I have personally been working on for a long time. You guys have been working along with me to collect these videos yeah the whole world out there on Instagram I was browsing. The Explorer tab- and you know they've got this algorithm. So when you click one video, then they know to show you more like it. When I started, watching these incredible Turkish chefs doing stuff that I have never seen done with food before and I went down, this crazy rabbit hole of Turkish, Instagram, cooking, some amazing, some disgusting, some hilarious at all and I'm and I'm passionate about this and I watch this to this day. In fact, I saw one this morning that I'd like to open up with that was completely completely confused by, and maybe you guys can tell me what is this so tell me, what is this I don't know what it is. It looks like egg. He says penis what I clear. Yeah I couldn't find open what looks like or again, but it looks like it's like dry flour coming out of it, I mean I, don't know what on earth well, I was curious, so I translated. The description always goes great and um I'll read it for you guys here. You know I'm Turkish, never never doing that. Yeah I've never seen the translation says for 16 months and tripe belly, fat, cheese, open and tasted for the wildlife. It was quite heavy and couldn't even stand the smell, but a very special and delicious cheese in general. The family's for consumption at home, such as pressing out the rumen, would not coincide. I add this gets know that clears it all. Yeah, there's wildlife, but not what animal well. It sounds like it was fermented and an actual belly, but I love. This mine I couldn't even stand the smell very special. But that being said, let's jump right into this Turkish food yeah. Let's see what we have here. So one thing I've noticed because in Israel obviously there's rules of kosher, which means you cannot mix meat and cheese, but the Turks almost in a way of being like sucks to be Jewish. They go all out on the cheese and meat like even in America I've. Never seen before. Take a look at this I thought they were kosher in in Turkey as well. Well, it's hello Dan is what al alright and they actually halal. You can mix meat and cheese, they cannot drink alcohol, but they they're not. No. They share a lot of the similarities like they don't eat pig right right, yeah, but they shell fish, yeah huh, but they can do the dairy and meat, and so they are, like god, bless as you should they're, like praise, be to Allah we're going all out with dairy and meat yeah, as you should so happy I. Never, first of all what is like this whole method of cooking is bananas to me so that he cooked it in like a pile of sand whoa. He takes out this unbelievably tender rack, the ribs love the music measurement spider-man and Elsa. Those bones slide right out: I mean this is a incredibly beautifully cut piece of meat. Now here's where it gets insane I, don't know what this is, but he took ate what looks like ten pounds of cheese and put it on each one: ten pounds of cheese on top and look just without any great fit all sprinkles a little. Imagine that I'll tell you something right now: I! Would you guys are boring vegans but I mean? Did you have respond to that? Did your pulse increase weirdly I love me, but that completely made me not hungry. At all, yeah I mean it's like a log of food. I don't like eating logs I would definitely try that and you guys you you find apps I. Imagine not I, don't know what's nauseous, but I probably would be nice as funding. If you could feel nice yeah great I mean yeah I'm, not vegan, so I ate meat uh ten years ago. Oh so it's it's been a minute I'm deep in it yeah have you ever feel that your will will break for a purpose yeah occasionally and what is it attempts you um. You know weirdly seafood still is like appetizing, hmm more so than and it's weird because it's it's very much just kind of baked in after a while and certain things like any kind of pork pig mm-hmm, the smell of it. It's like makes me almost nauseous Oh, like so bad, but like other meats like chicken, not bad at all like and that's not bad and even beef. For some reason. Pork in particular it's gay nerd, it's powerful yeah, and it's and it's a somehow that the Muslims and the Jews both were like. We can't eat that [ __ ], and so why did you go vegetarian Dan originally for a girl that I was dating the best reason? Absolutely relationship? Really? Oh, how long are you vegan, like six months, I've started to feel very ill? Did you immediately bounce when you broke up with her? No I tried to keep it for a bit, but um you have to do it correctly, yeah. So I was like oh well, I'll just eat some Cheerios cuz I, don't know how to cook ain't right there. You know you got it. You have to have like a whole plan of meals for you, you become like malnutrition, yeah, yeah, yeah, mmm, look at you. How was that I mean? Was it worth it for her? Was she good? No, no! It wasn't even worth it there's a good chance that you guys will go on a diet at some point in your life or off a diet because of some dick or vagina. So there you have it, but moving on this we're just in this is just one video in to me I. Would you know why don't you ever take cheesy shits on my meat? The way he just dumped the cheese on there is something where he's like. Aren't these amazing, like like he's like look at these amazing slow-cooked, ribs nope, we're not done with it yet boom like seriously five pounds of cheese, it looks alive, yeah! Well, guess what something's moving yeah Mike Nick gotcha, because I like it that much I'll do that. Thank you. Thank you. Everybody thank you for laughing and it told you me guys appreciate that next they'll be left. I noticed so this one, so sometimes what they they make. Such an obscene amount of food that it literally doesn't make sense like I, don't even know how he uses all this. So a restaurant I know, but even still like it is a restaurant yeah. He looks like he's on the old equals three set. That's true, Wow ray william johnson took a weird twist in life, so he flips upside down with probably 20 or 30 pounds of food food. It frankly doesn't even look like it belongs together, but right off the bone right off the bone. This is their move. I know it's amazing, like stocked up early, you hit that and what, if it was cooked to me yeah. So if it's cooked in me, you're you're still down, I mean it's a great okay, it's a great. So the volume is really kind of what fascinates me here and such a good guy he's always smiles all the time. Yeah do you know who this guy is? Can you like seek him out yeah? It was huge on instagram. His videos got like millions of years. I feel like you, got to go to turkey some day and go eat it. This guy's right here to go to Turkey I, don't like Jews there, but it's like gotten worse or they don't like this. Really you can go. I can go no as a Jewish I can go get some of this meat yeah. How was your trip to Turkey nice? It's like going to you know really yeah. Do you see any crazy food and stuff turkeys? Pretty secular I mean it's not no gotten more. No things are getting a little crazy there, yeah I hate, regular stuff, nothing! Crazy! Hmm! That's a shame similar to Israel um! Okay! So here you go this your boy again, all smiles sand, I, don't know what it it looks like snow that he's cooking his salt salt, its salt. Look at this look at that perfect. Look at that smile! Look at that this guy's a legend. So it's a beautifully perfectly cooked beef, loin, okay, but wait before they found out the spider-man Elsa music, hmm, but wait my dude! This was pretty normal. Yes, look at this, my goodness! So there you go! I'm telling you these guys are way over the top, but it sounds like Mike is almost rolling the American crowd. Here's what you want to see right right, but it's Turkish people watching it. It's not Americans I'm, the only American watching this I swear to god. It's all Turkish the comments, that's what I thought too. Everyone's like Oh, looking up what these Americans eat and these Turkish people are like like making us look like amateurs, yeah, yeah, I'm, gonna, stop watching porn, just watch when he pours that cheese on that steak, that's enough to get me rock bird every time. What else we got this one is so weird man I'm wondering what you guys are gonna think about this. So he starts with the meat. He's got a huge hammer. Okay he's got a mallet like a massive hammer and a witch's cauldron, so he's doing this classic little shake meat off the bone. Yes, sir I don't know what's on the bottom there, but I'm down so now he takes it, though he's got meat and tomato paste and a huge hammer and he's liquid I. He smashed it all into. It. Looks like yeah, it looks like our refried beans. I've, never seen cooking like this in my whole life. So now, somehow this chicken and meat is turned into a paste and he's aligned the bottom of a pan and now he's just covering it with boiling oil like. If you told me there was meat in that I would have no idea. I mean what the hell was yeah, that one is that wild or what yeah I don't know what it looks like you could like it's like asphalt at the end. If you could pay for road with that, but you start with this really succulent beautiful meat and then you just I and then he pours like oil over it like. But it's fascinating, we've got more, you guys, don't here's your boy he's the Sheep, King I think he mostly cooks lamb. So he made this hit for all of his fans on Instagram in the world at large seesee and yes, everybody throw your hands up. Cz and Barak I love. How he's like I may eat your [ __ ] head like here. Is this his song? Yes, this is a original fit [Applause] by this guy's restaurant super famous, like on his Instagram I've, seen the parentheses, the president of Turkey, there 18 celebrities and is writer 2 1 yeah I have no idea it just I followed it I, don't know what it is: I, really don't dude. If you type Turkish food he'll pop up he's the God ro he's the God. Look at him. He's he's hurting the sheep he's the guy. You had like a little Piper thing going on there, yeah I'm telling you this is a whole rabbit hole, but I'm not done yet because all my adventures did you know that salt Bay, the original salt Bay, is Turkish food phenomenon right yeah. He is probably next to this guy. The most famous his videos get so many views. I'm talking like 12 20 million views on Instagram of him doing slapping me Oh slapping the [ __ ] out of me, I have another sheep, god, sorry, it looks like a penis I mean this [ __ ] is so wild woah yeah. This is the Sheep God. Look at this. Just sheep carcasses and a giant sheep meat penis in the middle I mean it's I, never seen anything like it. In my life, the sheep Holocaust, but it looks amazing I mean that's pretty awesome. Oh yeah yeah that meat is like it's. The presentation is pretty unbelievable. The way they cook it and everything is so off the chain. That's something that one is actually on the menu as sheep Holocaust and it's a very popular dish, especially in the Middle East I love how he wouldn't, when you have like this super heavy nasty dishes- and you just sprinkle a little like parcel on all to make it look fresh there you have it I mean like if he set that here I, don't know what we do yeah. Well, he wasn't done. The second part is that he put in a cauldron and beats it into a pace that was, that was a two-parter okay, so back to Salt Bay mm-hmm. So this ride, like 1 million I [ __ ] you not. This video has 10 million on Instagram of salt Bay sky I was kind of I have to say a little bit disillusioned when I saw salt, Bay's actual content, because, as you'll see in this video, he does not display the best cooking prowess. Let's watch so he has a sausage and spree rap cuts. It very dramatically heels off. Heidi rapping, like he wants to [ __ ], it I mean yeah. Now he takes a whole sauce, just cuts it in half, okay I'm with it so far, really not thin to it, and he just throws it on the grill. It's flapping it together, flips it yep. Okay and here's, of course, we're all good Turkish cuisine. Does tons of meat doesn't not spread evenly, not even close to spread easily I mean not even close like not even close. The whole left side is no cheese on the right side. Is a nice smashes it down and there you have it my friend. Well, that's it! That's it yeah! That's it! You didn't even cook. What are you doing so there you have it and the Turkish flag. Oh, that one I had me a little perplexed after the lamb god. I, yes, is a letdown yeah. It's like watching like a straight-to-dvd sequel right, yeah I mean well gee. Whiz I feel like I've done this exact meal when I was five right, take a hot dog cut in half and put some cheese on it. So there you have it salt, Bay in the flesh and one more that I thought was pretty insane I'll share with you from South Bay. He has what appears to be a beef mint or your whole bottle. You do. It seems like he's doing something. He wears a dike. Actually I heard he wears a diaper because he comes in his pants ten times a day when he comes to me, I think NiO fought him in the second major about that. So here he goes, you know, and now after searing it he rolls it arose it in gold flakes gold flake, but really that's those are gold flake. The purpose of that I have no idea, and it does as far as I can gold gold flashes medal, the precious metal? Yes, Dan, I bet it's very well. Yes, I, don't think I've seen gold flake dishes it's much less than it appears, and oh, his plastic move like Mortal Kombat, the body. So you know the other guy makes him look like a tool: yeah, no comparison, yeah! So there you have it hmm, Turkish cuisine, I had no idea, it's fascinating enough. What that deep? So yes, big, big big I, say those are the two big boys in Turkish Turkish, but what's funny, if you get into this rabbit hole, is that you'll find a bunch of knock-offs who are doing so bad content I'm trying to catch up with these guys. I was like guys who are just making a falafel but they're, trying to dance and be sexy, and it has like 20,000 views, but it's just it's great and they're. Trying to do this. Smile, like he's just making falafels and he's, got a big smile, it's great okay! So there you have it. There is the segment extraordinaire up next. In has got something first: should we take a break we're at 3:30, oh yeah, so after this short break, very short break ian is going to grace us with people falling off stage some celebrities, so we have a whole segment of celebrities falling off stage during their performances. Is that correct? In yeah we got a few of those hell, yeah, okay, I'm, very much. Looking forward to that sounds like a lot. That's do not go away. We will be right back after this short commercial break. Skillshare is an online learning community, with thousands of classes and design, business technology and or you've got premium. Memberships that give you unlimited access to high-quality classes on must know topics, so you can improve your skills, unlock new opportunities and do the work you love now. Many people play video games and they grind and grind they grind, so you know get the highest level possible, but did you know you can do that in real life? You can grind and work on yourself and you can level up and that's what skill share is all about. They've got classes on every freaking thing. They've got oh for Mike situation: Adobe Suites, After Effects, premier lighting DSLR cinematography. So if you want to make videos, you want to be a youtuber. They've got everything you need, they get started and then, on the other end, they've got like entrepreneur, classes, they've got photography, classes, everything I'm, telling you you're gonna level up with Skillshare and here's the deal you can get an annual subscription for less than $10 a month. My dudes since Scotia are sponsoring this video. The first 500 people to use the promo link in the description will get their first two months free to try it out, risk-free so hurry on down to the description and click, the link, sk, l, dot s, h, /, h3, podcast, that's sk, l, dot, s, h, /, h3 podcast and the first 500 people to use the promo code get first two. Three months: free, sk, l, dot s, h, / h3 podcast, and we also have, as you may notice, these beautiful luscious christmas sweaters show it off your that's right, work. It girl, hmm, we've got the classic VAP nicholas design and introducing as you'll see on our lovely model. Ela always washing a faced at santa drinking a soda pop and got h3 tatted on his nuts. All these sweaters come in green red and gray over at represent calm / h3h3. We also have the one meme, one god virgin ela sweater. Here's the graphic, there's only nine days left nine days left guys is limited right. That's a low wish, shredder the actual virgin burst. So here you go head on over to represent calm, slash, h3h3 and finally, we are having a Teddy fresh, Black, Friday, sale, mm-hmm all kinds of summer stuff is on sale. Now, look at all this stuff up to 50% off head on over to Teddy fresh calm, slash collection, slash, sale. We got to do something about that URL. You can't change that huh Shopify Teddy, fresh calm, slash collection, /l, but you can just go to the website and click the sales tab, hey we're back. How did you do that? Okay I was wondering how Daniel we're coming back. Just not good. We are back. Everybody know meme left behind yeah yeah is your duty to save a meme I. Don't remember who kicked off the stage falling one did was the I think the Janice just may have been Kelsey Grammer he's gonna play it from here. Well, I'm, like we have audio from that lap. Let's switch here, yeah I should do Kelsey Grammer. We had put that video end of the god babe Oh on the god, babe right, okay, well, I've got that one here. So let me let me grab that here and I, don't believe we ever ever anything I was a un in. You should set this up with a little bit with with some contact yeah, so he he was doing a speech at Disney, Disneyland, I, think or just yeah wait. It was Disney yeah or he was at California Adventure all bad things happen. A small world, [Applause] I love it so much yeah the good Lord Ward yeah, a big drop, he's pretty defeated about that. Huh I've often wondered you know, there's this gag and Family Guy, where Peter holds his leg and goes yeah. I've wondered if this was in some way inspired by this clip, because he kind of does that here: yeah, maybe anyway, when when did this, this looks like a really old friend yeah. This is classic because, like ten people to see oh good, lord damn yeah, I, I didn't realize. I was digging around and kelsey Grammer's had a very rough life. Essie. Yes, like very dark, really like what his father was murdered. Oh whoa and his sister was murdered separate separate times: random random murders uh. It was I think his father was targeted by someone I read that, but then his sister was she was attacked by four guys and they stabbed her and left her to die and then both of his half-brothers died in a scuba diving accident. Yes, yes, whole family perished, I mean yeah all in different times of years apart. That is, that is unbelievably tragic. I wouldn't leave the house. If I was him yeah and then there wasn't here he is falling off the stage. There was a weird coincidence where the the name of the guy who killed his father, his last name was Niles, which is the name of his oh, the brother, and rather in Frasier, and then the name of the guy who killed his sister. His name was was Freddie and his son's name in Frasier's Freddie. So it's just the the two close characters came in Frasier are named after. Is that a proof that were in a simulation or see the kissing thing? Well, that is very tragic. Thank you, yeah yeah, so gee-whiz yeah, it's kind of nuts, how you can just go through your life like take my life, for example, everything's great just you know we're married you're gonna. What you're about to have a baby and then one day you could just be stabbed and it's like you know, that's it and then you can also be having a speech and fall off the stage. I mean anything could happen. Those two things are about the same level: yeah, here's another one that we had it's my Donna. This was at the BRIT Awards a few years ago, [Music]. So what happened? Is the cave with the fence because that car that's a month, horn or something? Apparently she was supposed to take the cape off earlier, but it was noon I do tightly and she couldn't get it off. Wardrobe malfunction! Yeah! Let's see that one again yeah that was that was quite the tumble there. Does that mean she knew it was coming. Oh they're trying to get it off right. Somebody pulled it, someone yanked their ass off the stage. The dancers are all pros. They just like keep going I think one of them may have been trying to help her get it off mm. Oh and he's yanked her ass off the stage because he gave it a really good tug. Like rock this cave yeah she uh she responded to it. She tweeted and said our Monty hooked me up. My beautiful cape was tied too tight. Nothing can stop me and love really lifted me up. Zak I heard you scream yeah right from the back. Nothing can bring her down. What did she say? She said? Well, love lifted me up. Love lifted her up. Zak. Are you reviewing that? Absolutely here's? A Bieber one or gonna fix his pants. You set that up so I. Don't thank you. First of all, yeah the who is managing the stage and leaves a giant hole in it. I, don't blame Bieber, really, ya know those where you like show up from Justin seems to be wearing 20 layers of clothing because I don't blame him for not being able to good act. It's chilly in those big. Can we do that again? I was really. Oh, my god, like it was a very nice Justin, Bieber or David Blaine see ya [Applause], you know, I feel bad for the Biebs. He gets a lot of crap from everyone. That's just trying to do his thing and he's just falling through holes and any more information about that. I'm fascinated by that one uh. He he tweeted out the video and was just like I'm a cat. I've got nine lives, lol, okay, there's a real like he's like music. Are you a big? Are you a B Bluebird? Oh we've got we've we've got into it. Bugatti Biebs he's the best. You are you a family I like him, I think he's got. I saw him on stage with post, Malone and I thought he was great yeah. Everyone seemed really like super Tony's got a great voice and he's got grace under the when he's got grace. You know I watched videos of the paparazzi hassling him and it get, and it does give me a tremendous amount of compassion for him and all the stupid things he's done he's under a lot of pressure. Pressure and expectation he's always been like the guy he's so famous, like he's just trying to go outside and live his life and TM seal it and then and paparazzi. Just obsessively follow this guy trying to push his buttons and have been for years. I mean oh yeah. It's like a child star right, yeah he's been family, considering that age, where this all happened to him, the stuff that he's done, that people don't like him for is I, don't think it's. You know that severe he's almost like a kid making. Some mistake yeah! Well, what has he done that people are very upset about he like peed and you like peed in a bucket or something so big deal? What else he said I mean what you know: yeah guy, oh oh, he was at the Ransom lady over remember that video mmm he was like pointing up I. Remember he hit apparat, see that was trying to it was getting a little too close to his car. Maybe he ran someone over. He was yeah. He went to like the Anne Frank memorial, and so he would have been a belieber yeah. But that's just you know in retrospect yeah it would have been yeah he's like listen. If I was a little younger and I was born in the 40s out of [ __ ] 10 Frank. So then this is one of my favorites I I love this video. So much and I got a couple angles here: I got to bring up. This is Travis Scott at Drake's, a Boy Meets, World Tour and there's another situation, these big holes in the ground. It's a big problem, big old, big problems, [Laughter] yeah! We just have a have a trapdoor like that, but yeah. Obviously somebody [ __ ] up open. Now, did he fall off the stage or in a hole off something or in something there's a little middle, yeah, Wow really, and so the fact that you can auto-tune a fall supposed to show you how hard overtime these Auto Tunes are working. Yeah Drake is like that's turn. He chose to come help about weighted. That is okay, Wow right. She wasn't injured. That looked really bad okay. Well, he actually did a lot of damage when he fell in that hole. Really what happened actually well, he made a statement. Someone asked him about it. He said: I didn't fall, dude, I, flew I was floating I, don't fall, nothing happened, floating is amazing and he said I'm a magician like David Blaine. You know he called it, but actually the let's see this is what they keep in that hole. It's like this big globe was in the hole it come it like comes out of it and an inflatable globe thing that Drake would perform with and he fell on it and smashed the [ __ ] out of it and Drake did this whole show for free. He had to refund he refunded everybody just because of that yeah cuz, that's like such a big piece of the show for the globe was all right: the globe freaking! Oh, how much you think that would have cost I mean I, don't know close to a million pauses. That's a bit! It was like a huge arena in London yeah. That's like one of the huge ones, probably a milli yeah, that ball cost alone: blue, oh yeah, I, wonder if he's still got paid, Travis, Scott I, don't know, I mean Drake, probably wanted to make him fly over oh yeah, and then I think this is one that you put in here. This is that, was you Miguel? This is type of billboard musical Road. To me, oh yeah, oh my god. This one deserves to be slow-mo. Well, let's watch him once more. Miguel kicks two girls in the face and he attempts to jump over the crowd and what he ends up doing is a WWF crotch slam on a poor girl's face now. Let's watch it and almost beat him in back slow-mo over in stone. This is really something and here you'll notice and he continued as she sustained a life-changing injury and he gets close with the girl who didn't even get bought. Yeah. That's not her that he hugs she like pushes the girl that cut hurt out of the way is like all right. Yeah, let's go slow-mo on this, because this is a really special moment: let's go court yeah! Oh, you go Court quarter, speed in quarter, so here we have this fateful moment her why he thought this was great at WWF and body-slammed. What a pro yeah you'll notice that she falls to the ground yeah with the dark hair. Is there yeah and then the blonde girls likes yeah [Music] [Laughter], his music sounds even better Wow and apparently I found this article, or they said he was told not to do the jump he asked before if he could and he went for it anyway. Was there any consequence of that? Oh hey, Philippe, I, actually I found this was immediately after backstage. He brought the girl that hit the deck backstage to apologize. This is set up for a day, not the best circumstance like you know. Ouch Raj slammed her his name's yeah. She really really got the brunt of it. So you're, still gonna dance to miguel songs were your big phantom again I'm gonna put you on the spot. Were you big fan of Miguel before he before he jumped on you? Apparently she went to the hospital and was reporting. She says she said that she was having some like memory issues and stuff, but a little or elbow yeah and then - well, two years after this happened, the other girl that got hit actually did sue him really yeah. She went I couldn't find any yeah that was yeah. You know, is it a little messed up how they like parade her around afterwards, like oh yeah, she just hit her up. I mean she may have on a level been excited like if she really was a fan. It's like okay I'll use this as an opportunity to to meet my idol or whatever, but but yeah. He was definitely keeping it ambiguous for legal reasons and description. Well, that's why I heard representation he was like. Instead of taking her to get her checked out, you brought her to go. Do a quick interview. It was like that you know we don't really appreciate that stuff, and that was the last of the stage Falls. Is it white what what if it shouldn't be as funny as it is to watch people yeah it's great, because it's well fun watching someone fall just by itself is already great, but then, when you see like a famous person, yeah like these idols that people look up to that are like untouchable larger-than-life falling through a hole in the stage. It's such a contrast, shot of Linda I believe yeah right, yeah, it's humanizing, I, guess in a way just see that they're just people they eat [ __ ]. Sometimes, can you remember any bad Falls? You had in front of people that were embarrassing. Her mm-hmm, because I fell down a flight of stairs at school once yeah in front of a lot of others, a lot of yeah I'm about to fall, yeah. Well, it was like it was. It was very. It was very icy outside a lot of snow, so everyone was tracking in you know, snow and it was very slippery and I just mm down the whole thing. You know all my ass and there were a lot of people around so that was you were embarrassed, yeah, okay, trauma from it. Do you think yeah I'm, still emotionally scarred, I can't go up a flight of stairs I mean seriously. Was it? Was it a real? It's just. You know when you're in high school everything is even like everyone's yeah I per aware of what you're doing were you injured? No, no, just my pride is there. Anyone that you cared about that witnessed it like a friend or a girl. You were interested in no they're, our friends, rowdy ously get roasted a lot. Yeah yeah am I the only one that fell cific like traumatic incident, not the one fall. It wasn't like embarrassing, but, like my, we were on those trips where they take the whole class like at the end of the year mm-hmm, and we were in this one like kibbutz. Oh I, don't know what it was, but there was someone with like a little cart, pulling like a little open, cart. I, don't know like something on wheels. You could stand on yeah and for some reason the whole class decided to go on it. I, don't even remember how it happened, mm-hmm, but we all went and stood on this thing. Well, this guy was driving yeah, this little cart and then he decided to take a turn and I fell. You fell off yeah. Just me, you almost like you kept going, you didn't realize and he almost like went over my head. Stop right there and we're by your classmates I was more like I got in trouble because we weren't supposed to do that and I don't know not quite sure. I have an image in my head of what happened like there's a car with a cart yeah and you all got in the back. It's like a little car and like I, mean, like a golf, cart all right, something like that. Okay, you know yeah and you were in the golf cart, so he was carrying a thing on the back. Oh, like attachment, okay, so it was kind of like an open how many people were on it like 30 and you're the one day, yeah I'm glad you survived, that Jesus I was just had a memory of company really embarrassing. I did I didn't fall, but the best I can remember is I was super into yo-yoing. I was mugging, yeah I was so insane, I wasn't the leap in it. I was cribbing at yeah and, of course, my favourite and most impressive around the world, the classic you go around the world, you're still spinning, you're, still slamming, and so I was going at the grocery store with my friend, and we were just doing yo-yo with his friend with the friend. Did their parents was grocery shopping and I'm doing around the world around the world having a good time and there's an old lady that I [, __, ] I, guess like that and I didn't see her. She crept up on me. They're, slow, quiet and I hit it right in the glasses and her glasses fell off whoops you sent her around the world yeah and you have a neck sprain. Is that the ex brain I seem to remember that being like the cool one? I don't remember, but it was one of the good ones. Yeah sick, ass larynx. Does it did your school trying people were always coming to my school and trying to sell me yo-yos. It's not a thing that did you have that, like yo-yo salesman, yeah, no, my school outlawed yo-yos because they were being used in Lincoln yo-yos, but the ladies? She did she did she passed on now she was fine. She just yelled at man. I was super embarrassed by the way, my story. It ended up also even in an article in a local news really and the first time I learned that the media lies because they made of this whole thing about the driver was telling us not to go in the thing and it didn't slow news day yeah. Well, we were off party Oh. What was the headline? Some kids, a you or this subject Wow way, I think, there's an archive. You saved it yeah your parents, think about that. I tried to make it seem like less than it was because I didn't want to get in trouble mm-hmm, but we were like a way in a northern area, so my parents couldn't like come and see me or anything. They called your parents to teach her. They called my mom and I was like don't tell Dad like it's nothing, serious and when you got back home, were you in deep [, __, ], no I think my mom. She kept it. She I think I managed to make it seem like not much happen. Yeah mom saved your ass and looking back really not much happen, but I felt like I was gonna get in trouble yeah when you're a kid. That's like death and death, oh yeah, and there you have it. That's incredible. What's next on the docket, that was it the next one is ela segment, I believe ela segment. So what should we do? Should we do a little, although I guess you're there, but you're gonna, throw it on the screen? No, oh! She can do it from here down alright. This is we got this no meme left behind guys. You know one thing with the falling eye, and this is. This is a bit of a confession, but, like this isn't like a public embarrassment thing. This is more my own shame when I'm alone and I'm going up the stairs. I have like this weird tendency. Where I always try and do it too fast and I like I, eat [ __ ] on the stairs like often but never like, I, keep it under wraps if I'm like with other people, yeah exactly like I, don't know why but I'm always like you know when I get home or something no I mean up the stairs in my apartment, building I'll be like - stepping it up and just just full-on just flat on my face. It's happened. Countless do you think this is a problem. I mean it's kind of a problem like it. It's consistent enough that I'm aware that it's like a thing that I eat [ __ ] on. So why is it that you just don't slow down something wrong with me because again, if there's somebody else around, you know I'm not doing that you're not doing that only by yourself yeah and have you ever seriously injured yourself, I mean not seriously. No, but back yeah I've bashed, my elbow pretty [ __ ] hard yeah. Is it a thrill-seeking, I guess or I'm, just I'm, always extreme yeah, just like can I. Do it? How many stairs gonna do it one whatever it's such a like little kid thing: it's embarrass see: I'm getting grew fat and out of shape that I have trouble on stairs. Just the one stuff is done. One step is thrill safety, all the thrill-seeking I need. Are we having issues well guys as we've sedated nomemes shall be left behind? We are behind Adam e limes. We are doing technical fixes. Ok, ok, there you go sir okay I won't I was trying to save it all right ela. What is your segment? What you got we miss this next story is one of my favorite stories. A corporate executive led a secret double life as an Australian Pooh jogger mm-hmm, and what happened is that this guy The Washington Post democracy dies in darkness. This guy was he had like a nice job. Um sorry, this is not used to the W was actually on the City Council inclusivity board. Would you own the city? Huh? Oh yeah, you have this in bullet point thing here: yeah, yeah and so I. Don't know how to do this. Cuz I can't read it from that article yeah. Just read from this okay, so he was served on the City Council, which made recommendations about how the city should grow mm-hmm and he had a pretty high up job he's a well-respected member of the community yeah, but in an unflattering picture and that on a public sidewalk in Australia, he recently was discovered as the infamous [Laughter]. So I think the story is not staged. The guy that took this picture actually was planning it for like a year cuz. They kept getting this like human shits on this, and it was like not even it was clear that it wasn't an accident because sometimes he would even leave toilet paper next to the dude he left, but he brought toilet paper with him. He went there to [ __ ] outside yeah wow, that's blessed, pre, murder, premeditated kidding and so over time. The people that lived in that area we're trying to figure out like when he was doing it to find it schedule, is something and then they were trying to get a picture of him. So they could reveal who it was and it took them about a year until they figured out like the time that he was usually doing it, and then they left they tried living like cameras in the area. I wanted a documentary, and eventually this guy was waiting for him with the camera and when he was about to snap the picture, there was like a red dot on the camera and he saw it and looked and took the picture. This is like a true crime documentary yeah and more like that. What's the show it's like a parody of the American scandal or whatever vandal band did he kind of like? Was it targeted? Was he trying to pull on specific people's neighborhood like their doors or outside of something real? Can you see is not so what? Let's just assume, let's just say, no, no yeah I, don't think you can see his nuts, but there's I mean that's a there's, a lot going on the same as Andrew Mackintosh. If you're an audio listener, you need to go google this immediately. So, what's the what was the resolution when it clicked to take the picture? He looked at images, hello, wait who said hello, the pooper hello and then once this was released, they like it became viral and everyone knew it was him and he was charged with a fine of three hundred and seventy eight dollars. Oh that's a small price yeah. He lost his job as a bomber yeah. It was an executive. You said right: he was on the City Council. He was like. The public service now looks like I just googled his name. He was a corporate executive and on the city. Oh, it's like very upstanding member of society in like every way such a perfect story. God. Where do you go from there to the sidewalk to there's one great weed that someone made I want the food jogger footage narrated by David David? Is there a video or just no just the photo today? Here you could see you. The Australian puja comes out at 3:00 a.m. and shits on his neighbor's grass. No one has found him in the wild. Until now. That's a beautiful thing. That's it there. You have it: ela well, very well described the Pooh jogger. We are coming right along here on nomemes left behind and we are certainly not these any of our moms. That certainly should not have been left behind, because that any that was amazed, not anymore yeah you're up next with the wacky and wild world of World Records, so yeah, it would somehow this slipped through the cracks, but even before looking for content for the show, just like weirdest World Records has always been really interesting to me. People that, like you, know, demonstrate some bizarre [, __, ] skill, so there's this is all gonna build up to something, but we'll start a little slow. So this was relatively recently this guy Eli Bishop held the world record for number of claps in a minute, exciting yeah you can clap, it's called speed, clapping and apparently there's like this whole sub nine. Well, this is the current champion. Is a nine year old whoa, this guy, who has dedicated his life to it. Mr. Eli Bishop he's like in his 30s or something he got owned by a nine year old, so yeah, here's here's 40 I, know get the hell out here: Facebook Wow yeah, so this is actually kind of cool clapping yeah I find that they shoot it in high speed, so they can actually count each individual cloud guy and load down yeah within 60 seconds I was able to fly up 120 times something he's beating off superfan yeah. It's kind of you don't know what you're hearing it's a little odd he's, not the world record anymore. Cuz this kid, this [, __, ] nine year old, so that a nine year old saw that video and was like wait. I can do that. Well, this guy, that guy's like this is all I have. This is all I have, which that's that's like the flip side to it is like these people that have these odd skills wait. This kid's name is seven. His name is seven, wait, wait. What was that you know? I was thinking about naming our first daughter soda, because I always thought that was a cute name episode of Seinfeld, where George wants the names, kids, seven and soda one of them still seven his cousin still seven time but I. This must have been inspired by yeah. I didn't even think about seven. Well, no wonder he's such a superstars Panther Seinfeld fans. So this kid rocks and yeah. He faster, though I can say that yeah, but evidently this they counted this and he did 1080 so 60 more claps in a second well well, they're doing some kind of it counts like each percussion of it as like. It I think he's hitting like lower yeah. Well, everyone at home, you want to your path to stardom is very clear, very simple you just all you got to do is well there. Yeah I mean that one's pretty straightforward, but now we'll get into to the hmm. So this guy Gerard Donny now he evidently has since broken the record since this video I'm about to show you. But there is no there's no video of it. It was a Guinness verified thing, but there is apparently a record that exists. He's a giant Isis was on a German television show. We did it most number of plungers stuck to someone's back what why it even a category right, and so this is where it starts to get like this is the beginning of a gay porn, I'm sure so he's not that's the thing. Not only is there record for this, but the record in 60 seconds which I guess this is more of just a demonstration, but this guy does have the record and the record is 15. It's not even like a lot right, just throwing [ __ ] at these poor, guys, I love that they're all in jeans, yeah, I gotta, say there's one of the worst things I've ever seen. Yeah. This is uh. This is definitely a fetish like their hot little twinks and they're, all in jeans and they're all wearing motorcycle helmets. We got to do it safely. It's really exciting yeah. So this this is uh. This is the the kind of stuff that you can go down in history for I. Wonder how you practice for that, like do you call like your friends me like I, need you first yeah interesting, gig, Craigslist, interesting gig for an afternoon right, 50 bucks, so I need you to wear these jeans and span topless what throw plungers at you go I'm into that! No here's, the real [ __ ]! You know how do these categories come into existence? I know the Guinness World Record has all these categories of feats that you can achieve. But how does something like throwing a plunger at a dude I thought? Was that II able to just pitch it to them? Can you light your own record? There's an extraordinary thing: I can throw plungers at people and make it stick to them and unique person to like pursue something so weird, but make it a Guinness record right. What is making me think I, wonder if I have any goodness where the talents that just haven't been pitched to them, yet right exactly like times masturbated in one day, I wonder if that is a Guinness World Record, you know I'm gonna, probably probably so, I think I may be. The they're like 30 I, was like I, beat that I'm 50, so this one now, what I found out is that there's actually competing record organization. Guinness is the famous one, of course, but there's also record setter, apparently competitor right, a competitor. Now this guy is a guy from the Philippines. He set the record for the most lit candles extinguished by a fart to live whoa. Why only six yeah, which again it's like I, feel like somebody could do better somebody out there in the audience. You can be totally one of this, not even a smile. This is serious business. Don't do it don't do it yo, yo yo! Is this not just like expert village? We could just send everything yo. Can I watch that again, yeah yeah, we gotta roll that back. So the guys on his back and he's got like a horn like a horn up to his [ __ ] and he's doing power farts on five lit candles and blowing them out every time boom. That sound is something in it. Definitely a finish. Yeah I'm into it. God I come in my pants. Every time I hear it because seriously is his basis, so mold is raishin. Yeah he's holding his sack by the way hand on his chode I, don't know what that does, but I'm sure it's part of his superpower at the right angle. What I like that? It's just like what that's incredible I haven't got ten weird sex records down. Would you like to hear yeah, let's hear it. This is part two though furthest ejaculation whoa is 19 feet longer than a stretch limo. What 19 feet not 18 feet, 9 inches! Now that's a record yeah, most orgasms. In one hour, here's the one that I was going for record is a woman who had 134 what are is over the course of an hour record for males just 16, well I've heard of women who have a disease. Were they it's actually like a psychological problem where they can't stop orgasming and it seems like torture for them. Hmm, but uh Silverstein where's, the physical proof with a guy. You know you got a little rap and proving it so you could monitor like heart rate and think, oh maybe they thought this through, but well forget us world record. You know they take it very seriously. What else you got 16 I feel like I could give that a run. That's the guy, our 16 in an hour I mean that's one, every that's pretty quick! That's a lot! Five minutes or something no I mean if you think you're up that you'd hit like 10 and you'd die in an hour is pretty [ __ ]! Well, your dick just becomes like super nut. All right, yeah. Sixteen huh honorable mention is the official longest orgasm was recorded in 1966 when a woman had a 45 second orgasm that involved 25 individual contractions. Oh, the contractions is probably they're able to monitor that. Maybe man who fathered the most children, 69 kids Oh, mrs. vast Sylvia, is pregnancy. Prowess pales in comparison, the multiplying. Could you just write this? Like a normal person, the King of Morocco had between over his lifespan, the king of morocco fathered at least 1014 children, sure the Genghis Khan? Probably okay, whatever this stop being interesting, guy had an all right. So this all leads me to some of my favorite videos I've seen on the Internet in a long time. So this was actually very recent back in September of this year, this guy in India, his name is Naveen. Kumar broke the world record for the most number of walnuts smashed with your forehead, another really competitive. Well, let me tell you that I Got News, it is very competitive. There are a lot of guys facing this one. Yes, so so the previous record he broke, this guy did 217 and he broke the previous record by 36, so smashed mashed, it literally literally wow. This is super power. Does not start really. Ah you vete know. Oh well, it's no joke, and at the end of this video you'll see I mean his forehead is like oh yeah. No, it cannot be good. Well, you know. Nfl players have like brain damage, their strength, so imagine smashing your head into a walnut like the housing pump. Well, it's worth it for the glory, I. Guess the grunts I! Really. What makes it good you? Don't have to do this I feel like you lost some speed on that turn. They really should it. They got a gonna longer table. You don't have to do this man so right. That was a minute, then quite make it the whole way, but shake his hand. Oh yeah, Wow tall, very calm, so imagine going through all that any camera there yeah I mean Guinness. Was there and everything like this was all this was sanctioned now imagine going through. All of that only to have one month later. Oh no, this is a super competitive. Oh, she does seem. We should maybe have Joey cells trying to crack walnuts for the charity, like everyone I he cracks is like a is like more money that will don't - yeah, but it's amazing that'll be so good. Maybe that's a good one, we'll see if he's down Joey's downtown anything you're literally, he really is especially for the sake of charity. I mean he's, got a sweetheart yeah, oh yeah, so so not only did so this guy that the previous guy Naveen did 217 this this guy 32 year old, Muhammad, Rashida, Nasim managed to he's, got a fancy a table and if you thought that last guys uh sound effects, his efforts were good. You got here this guy now these tapes to the table guys a genuine pro. You don't have to do this. These guys to practice this a lot too yeah you'd have to I guess poor guy right. Yes, he got the right strategy and focusing his energy much much more strongly see that holy [, __ ], oh they're, all bloody! Now he's like. Oh, my god and gayness, approve this think that is [ __ ] nuts. He was about 115, deep and then just suddenly, every single. What he's not stopping he missed all my job duties were to do. There was one where he missed the nut and slammed his head on the table, and there was a huge spider blood warrior. This guy's a warrior, serious I, don't think there's any cash prize for it's. Just the gorila glory glory, keep the walnut luxurious book. Yeah yeah hard to watch yeah I did not realize how you got that sound effects, I notice that gruesome I didn't realize how gruesome, now one god I only discovered this one this morning, because I was trying to find more info on that other one and saw the story that I was literally less than a month later. He got completely blown away by this guy through a true I can't compete with that know that guy his his mind and body and health he's all exist solely to smash those nuts. That's why I'm wondering how do you go rewarded, this guy nut cracks at work? Yeah? What does he get? No, no. This is his actual YouTube channel I just realized there he is. Can you show more click somewhere yeah? Let's, let's see what he has to say about that yeah. So there's a whole wide world of this and yeah I, don't know like, even though this is hilarious. I find something really interesting about people that choose to be excellent at something so stupid. You know what I mean like yeah. It's dumb, but this guy is the best person on the planet. That's taking walnuts, his forehead yeah. That would make an incredible documentary. Do you think people that pursue becoming specialized hyper specialize in these one weird thing, your little niche things yeah? That would be amazing man. You got a Dan. You have a mission to go out to I. Think you guys from Pakistan, so you can't make it woman, Joey salads, there's some on on the scene. Report yeah we'll have to see. If he's uh, if he's good, to go yeah, that's it! That's! That's! The wild in my world, I was wonderful in this world record wow that was nuts. He ain't coming in strong Wow reporters destroying those ganas books were my favorite thing Wow. How do I top the nut? Cracker save that for the end, I'm really enjoying this very special episode, a stream podcast up and leaving no man behind mm-hmm having a lot of fun out here. You know it had to be done. I had to be Donna's could not couldn't happen it can. It can well been hidden from the people. The policy of the United States military is to leave no man behind right, and it is our policy here on this podcast to leave no mean behind it. We didn't have a choice, yeah that we didn't want it. I didn't want to go back. So here we have. This is something that I've been working on and thinking about for a long time. There are these wonderful videos of reporters destroying ships. Now the question that I have when you go deep down this rabbit hole of these goofy reporters not walking into ice sculptures or knocking over whatever on during live broadcast. It's it's always the same guy kind of or well there is duplicates, and so I'm wondering. Is this fake? Real? Is this because these are old clips? Is this viral as if it's fake this guy's, like a genius before before it was a thing so yeah? Let me get into this here. This is the guy in question worldwide for their bubble. Artistry, it's attempting to burst a bubble world record. They hope to set a new Guinness record for the most people. Wow I meant to do that yeah covering the bubble story from the inside note the legend yes David, this guy, okay and, as you say, we are here at the Discovery Science Center in San, an all things: science, entertainment, education technology. The event going on the next three weeks here is really unbelievable. No, not unbelievable, unbelievable and we're about to explain why all these good folks here are getting in a giant sized bubble to try and get the Guinness record George overhears a lot of moving parts to introduce you to fan yang who was under cement fan. Thank you so much for being here and what is going on big fender. Well, this is gonna, be a Guinness world record for the most number of people inside the bubble we have hundred and fifty people here right on the platform to be inside 50 people. So far, the world record is 90 people in a bubble, the Guinness. All of this that's correct. We have any support. I could judge right there, so we are ready to go. How does one get involved in bubbles? What is the dynamic behind all this? Well, this all come from. My childhood I was fascinated about the bubble spot in the surface of the river when I was six years old and then, when I was 18 years, I start to experiment as various liquid solution, just to make the largest possible box amateur and do I understand correctly. You've been working on this for years and it's some sort of secret mixture, 70%, water and 30%. You don't like to tell I have explored the wall above us over the past 27 years solution is 70% sister special secret ingredients. We have to make it right. Thank you, George. This way, I want to introduce you to Erin Rhodes Erin with a Discovery Science Center. Thank you for being here, you're welcome, Erin. Why is this important? Obviously it's fun and festivities, but what is the deal with science and bubbles? It is tried to combine science I mean all science center. Thank you feels very real. Thank you. Do this thing now fan. Are you ready to get your world record just to give us a sign time? They step back. Thank you. So we're ready to go, and can you just step little bit back to him? Yes, yes, sorry, I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry he's depth in the pool. He broke the bubble he burst above, and they only have one chance. He said, although I don't know why you don't have [Music] snow is very reliable, send it back to you. Sorry, oh my god, they're always believably good. It. Ok! So I have a theory. Tim heidecker moment these apologize, the new thang yeah, I'm. Sorry and we'll send it back to you. Sorry, okay, so there you have, it looks real I have a feeling, it's fake, really I'd, like the one time only things seems suspicious to me now. Why would you only be able to do it once? Okay, okay, there's an explanation onto Exhibit B and thank you for supporting me in this pursuit. Now go fast-forward to another reporter goofs. And what do you know it's the same reporter another live broadcast with an ice sculpture. Okay, yeah I saw that first video I was like wow. This is incredible. This is real. This is real stuff. When I saw this clip, I threw everything under question and there we go your prized possessions. Oh yeah, this is a cherub. It's actually been a very tough piece to do. We've been working on it for about eight hours right now we still got quite a ways to go on to the beautiful Agility's. Yes, now can I take a closer look at this, because why is this your problem? We'll talk to management, fake or not? It's [, __, ] hilarious, but watch his hand. Okay. Now he puts his hand and he seems to really push it. I love how he puts the mic in his face like they get his answer, I'm. So sorry, it was just an accident. We'll talk to management. I will get this taken. Care of my face will send it back to you. That's the same guy yeah. So one theory that I've worked on is that the first one was real yeah. Second, one was a fake to try to turn it in - a thing. Oh, that's interesting! That's his thing right! That being said, the first one there seemed to be a lot more humiliation and shame and there's so much with all the build-up. - yeah exactly and there was tons of people there. That's just some local news channels, so yeah in there are a lot of moving parts. If he did, you know it's pretty impressive, it's a big effort just for a little gag regardless. It is fascinating. I think what you said, I think I think the original probably was real and then it just became his signature thing to [ __ ], [, __ ] up because he had the way he handled it. The second time was very different, although he is a pro at this point of ruining thanks, but now I have a bonus, a bonus clip for you, and you can tell me if you think this one is real or fake. It is another classic. They don't pay real. You know you have to pay great, that's right. We were trying to get a Guinness person out for something we did. What was it debate? Number of shirts? Oh, no, the vain! We we wanted to make like the biggest vape. Oh alright, the thing is, you have to pay them to come out right, which I guess makes sense. So tell me these people look pretty broken. That's like the nut. They spent like their life, saving I, don't know of table I, don't think that was a Guinness, though the not one. No it was it was. It was yeah yeah they had the banner behind oh yeah. No, they were that was officially sanctioned, I'm almost made to be there mm-hmm, but that being said, we've got really classic. This is the lassic for your entertainment and judge that I really want to show. You is right over here. This is the Leaning Tower of Pisa and our campus here and the person that's built is right around the corner here, those cables wrapped around brian barn, 1990 graduate of northern and he's going to tell us a little bit about this amazing structure. Well, it's as you can see the Leaning Tower of Pisa, it's about twelve thousand blocks. It took over two weekends to build and I'm really excited, because next week the Guinness Book of World Records team are going to come to evaluate it. No I think if it's fake that they built it had the purpose of it and well, they wanted to. You, know, have a gag while destroying it. But, oh my god, either way I mean yeah, it's a joy to behold. It either way. Okay. So what else we got here? Um we've got a bunch of leftover, videos and stuff, but everyone's done their segments we've saved a lot of memes here today, yeah we've done a service. We've I feel like we all deserve a Purple Heart. Well, we did it. We did it it's good. We Came we saw, we went to war, we went behind enemy lines and we've saved some really valuable. Worthy man pulled him out of the [ __ ] yeah. That was special. So thank you guys joining us on this special episode of uh no meme left behind. We will be back on Friday as usual. Next Friday bill works is here very excited about yeah yeah and thank you so much to the illustrious day named Ian, of course, who thank you with whom the show would not be the same without true can I say that yeah I would say that fact for better for worse yeah, so Ian I want to get back to something. You were a fan when you joined yeah, but are you still a fan yeah? You hate me now that you've will a fan. I do still enjoy it. Okay, well, I have to watch every episode and I. Don't hate it. Yeah I, don't hate Duke. So that's the best, a line. That's the best. You can say about this Potter guest I, don't hate it! Thank you. Alright, guys see you on Friday have a great Thanksgiving, bye, yeah, that's true and have a big life. In fact, I'm gonna step it up have a blessed giving Wow continue to send us and submissions podcasted hav Britain to come yeah. We got some good ones good. You guys plan on breaking a Guinness, World Record save some money, I'll come and the the charity one. That's first and I think Joey salesmen I'm gonna ask if he wants to crack some walnuts with his head, because that'd be amazing: I'll give a shot to one. Oh I think I'm gonna regret that. Do you think I don't have I, don't think I have the will to overcome the urge to not slam your head into it, yeah not as hard as you can yeah and I. Think if you, if you hesitate at all, it's gonna, hurt way worse. It's like breaking a board if you've ever done that like if you, if you pull your punch at all, you break your knuckles, but if you just go for really real good yeah yeah boy, howdy I break boards, all the time alrighty. Thank you guys for watching, and we shall see you on the next episode of Friday, happy Thanksgiving, everybody, [Music] [Music], [Music], [Music], [Applause],.