Welcome everybody today, sri podcast live. Today's episode is sponsored by honey and Squarespace and viewers like you who subscribe on Twitch prime. You could connect it. It's so easy. It's free money, um I mean I go over this every week. Thanks guys. Today's guest is the Canadian, a record producer, DJ, musician, composer streamer, car racer, gamer Renaissance man, anything else, Renaissance man, kind of a true renaissance man, if I'm being honest new album, is coming out. Where's the drop tomorrow right yeah, that's really exciting. Thank you. I mean tomorrow's, the 30th that comes out on the 30th yeah. That's really exciting. Thank you for being here now before we get too deep into our conversation. I know that your smoker did I not say then. Was that a thing that people only said like at the beginning? Nobody really says: deadmau5, they do they soul. Do they do I? Don't care I, think it's just funny guy and then, when I started learning that nobody could really get it right. I started saying it differently at different. Like events or like that, I'd say: Jeff, Maehl, 5, deadmau5, I would I, say hi. This is deadmau5 and then everyone would like Oh take that to the bank. You know. Oh, there was like 20 old, pure chaos yeah. Why did you choose the 5 instead of an S we're kindred spirits? In that regard we have h3 or C on F net. Remember that I yeah, IRC, yeah yeah well chat, yeah and then f net. You know you had f net down that or whatever you know, the different IRC networks or stuff. So I was on Afghan mm-hmm and I used to be an hashtag actionscript, which was like flash coding um for flash like back in the day and it's early stuff. So I used to hang out there with like guys like Craig Keynes and who later turned out to be, like you know the god of ASPR AFP flash morning and stuff like big coder, nerds and um. So I I, don't I, remember the context, but I changed my name too deadmau5 MOU se, but like you, could only have seven characters on that. Then so I had to trim the last one then just put a five: that's just to save space kind of thing. So I wouldn't be thinking at the time that you know when I start my musical endeavors I'd be yeah. Do you think that it's it's almost great in a way, though, because it's more intriguing, it's more interesting right, oh yeah and I mean jay-z was taken otherwise you'd be alright. Yeah jay-z, like in our case we were, we wanted to be he he, which is our initials, and he sounds really stupid, I'm glad all right, and although is that what it is yeah because my name is Ethan Edward and elos is Kela. I was like h-cubed podcast. That would be cool I wish it was cubes H cute. What is it is cute, we're cubed but anyway, so we did the threes and that's much cooler than hehe mm-hmm. So there you go Jesse's a mother of invention as I was saying your smoker, and and that's you know I'm not here to try to like change you or anything. I. Just think that there's there are people say more organic, maybe healthier ways to smoke. I, don't know I'll, let you decide, but we have a. We have a vape here. I thought. Maybe you could try it and maybe it's a good alternative. Maybe you want to try vaping, yes, a little pen dan. Can you bring in the little pen, let's see if the Joel, if we can convert him into a vapor okay? Here we go? Okay! Oh my god! Oh yeah, you know it's a little pen. This is our entry-level babe this. If you like it, we can get yourself with something more serious. If you want to go grim, yep so go ahead, show them how to use it. Then let it rip how much you made I! There's this! Let in a dive like like all point, yeah, there's a slight chance, but it'll be great. So here you yeah, push that and then suck yeah, oh yeah! That's a fat rip feel great. That's a fat rip! It's it's just beep! There's! No! There's nothing! There's nothing! He's going in for the red! No! This is a world record. How did you enjoy that? That was interesting? It's fun, rippings, very clouds, and that yeah do you know, do you know there's a competitive, vaping, yes, I mean I know it's entertaining yeah! Well, there's different, there's different competitions right like one is how far you can blow the clouds, yeah, yeah and then well. They have tricks every trick, volumizing gear that wasn't. That was impressive. All right, all right enough enough with the gags it's a flavor. Is that I think it's neat unicorn jizz! That's the one that dances so tell me about your new album. It sounds really interesting and very different than stuff. You've worked on yeah I mean I haven't been passing an office hey. This is my album, and this is a direction I'm heading in and um [ __ ]. All everything you want, because I'm just gonna do [ __ ] like this. From now on, it's just more of a side project really and just so happened. Then there was like a large enough volume of it to constitute nothing right, so all the better which buys me some time to actually work. You know on another album coming out in the spring, which is going to be more akin to you know what people usually hear from me so, but this one's cool, because it's actually a collection of like piano concertos that I've written you know over the years um and really never had an outlet form like in terms of like you know. Well, we can't just like you know, take your weird, just piano, only songs and put them on a CD and sell them. Who do you think you are like right, Gary, Glitter or whatever all right, [, __, ] name, but it don't work astray, oh right, its lowest rated in this incident, like we I submitted that music -, a friend of mine, Gregory, wherever it who is a composer like he composes for film in massive orchestras and stuff like that, I was like hey. Can we take this and then throw 80 player string sections on it and you have to like adapt it in such a way that work, musically and all something's like yeah easy? You know what's already you've given me more information than I need to do that. So with your melody melodic structure, because it means like trying to take any modern, Indian track he's like the dumb dog, along with one note over and over again, okay, let's make an orchestral version of this. Okay, cue, the timpani guy, like you, know, four four and then maybe the Contra bass playing the same note over and over I think my music was written like more melodic central first, so you know giving that material over to Greg. It was like easy-peasy to transcribe it and we wrote it. You wrote the melody on piano and then you handed it off yeah, yeah and somewhere it contracts as well like strobe and stuff yeah. That's so cool! That's a really cool project work, so the whole album is basically orchestrate all it's all orchestra. It's a symphony, Wow, no, like ol Cynthia, which is crazy because you know I'm reading up on. You know, I'm a dance Mozart and all these guys I'm always written his first symphony. We use, like you, know, 16 and 12 and stuff like that like well, not that no I, like the compare myself that but I mean that would be something cool to achieve in a lifetime. You know they'd get a body of work out. That's like you know in a traditional sense, an orchestra. Are you there when they, when they're all together, performing I'm playing the this is my Ralph, so Joel goes in with people who have spent tens of thousands of hours playing and being you know, violinists and, and then I walk in with my Moke I'm playing the mode. So yes, I managed to sneak my myself into the orchestral mix during the performance it like, though, being there with all those people playing your music um. Was it cool insane insane audio like in terms of like the the way you hear it, because you would be surprised how far off we are. You know from the future of being able to hear something as it's happening versus how it's recorded into a DAC and then output, because think of it like this, even the most pristine recording the Dave Brubeck recording of take five, like you know, some of the most legendary recordings playback on two speakers, which are two monophonic sound sources, meaning that there's only like one speaker with one access, one axis that can move to produce a sound right and then stereo is just two of them doing that right. But when you think about it, you're not gonna match the fidelity of, say. Imagine you know. Sixty string players are 60 speakers. You know like that. Don't have phase problems or correlation problems, or all these, like you know, kind of weird, quasi scientific terms that you could throw it like acoustic properties. Coming for speakers, so sitting on the floor of an orchestra playing, you know, your music sounds insanely different than you know, even with the best mics and the best recorders recording it and then playing it back through the speakers. It's like a universal art. Is there a way for consumers ever to get an experience like that without just going to the or no you absolutely you have to be sitting there and being in the same room as that you just shredding away down there. So are you gonna tour with the orchestra I? Would love to um I think it'd be cool like sigh pressures doing long, you know, like I, said I'd hate for the conception to go around, that like Joel, says [, __, ], dance, music and now he's a hans Zimmerman. You know or you're not saying that no for the record, yeah um but I mean but it's cool. First of all, it would be awesome to do, but the the to counter note that the fiscal side of that is insane Oh mad and a been enjoying touring with the pillow with five guys is expensive. All right. That's five flights fly five meals, five hotel rooms, every five of each times up by a factor of 80, that's yeah, they don't well. What will they do? Okay, consider a session player like or someone who performs in an orchestra whether it's this work show that artists are they kind of stay where they're at and they're like robots? That's why they have like the orchestra of this city, mm-hmm yeah, absolutely because because these people are so [ __, ] talented, you could literally put the music in front of them. They've never heard it before, and this is how it went down at the recording session I'm a second. You know, I'm asking the the composer and the conductor I'm like. So how long have you been practicing and they're like first right hardened, you know practice. Yeah I was like just give me like one. Take they're like yeah, okay, well, I have faith and they put the sheet music in front of them and they read they're like human computers. They just read the sheet music and play it exactly as it's notated. You know notated wrong, then it's wrong, but they didn't play that [ __ ] wrong. You know so I was like wow. That's really insane because I thought um during the session recordings that we did at east-west, which was like you know, one of the world's best studios for this kind of thing, um I thought well, this is gonna, be interesting. Cuz I've had keyboardist and you know session players coming to my studio or other studios and then we're like okay bar one, a little. Oh, okay! Well, we'll punch you in from parts 35 and okay, boo, oh [, __, ], okay, okay, boo, boo, boo, boo and I'm like thinking, okay! Well, if we scale that up two times, you know 60 players never get done, it'll, never get done yeah. So how does this [ __ ] get done and then of course, their first hand? They're perfect are they're like okay, so we finally get everyone in the room: [, __, ], conductors tap and everyone shut the [ __ ] up phones off okay. Here we go played the whole song flawlessly and then I was like that's it and they're. Like that. Sound good and I was like that was like perfect. Then they were like yeah. Well, it's what was written on the thing right, thanks Gregory, who did that work I want to know. One of you could ever do something where you like travel to like municipal orchestras and play with them. So you're, not the first idea that me, that would be so fun. That'd be cool yeah, because it's like I said it's. Not it's not a matter of having to move these musicians know what they're all know what they're doing in their respective you know. Locations and stuff like that, like the world is so interesting man, it's really crazy and- and it's funny because my composer friend is of that world and knows all this he's done. You know Deadpool the Avengers and all this stuff, like all these big scores and stuff like that, and he's like you know, there's just as much [ __ ] in this as I know that you haven't danced with. Like bow ties, ins, you know what I mean like well, not really it's a little more laid-back than that. It's not like the white, wigs and those guys sitting around anymore. But besides, this is, like you know, there's just as much constraint in stylistic approach that is kind of the norm or mean stream orchestral music, which is like hard to fathom. If you're, not a fan or someone who's been following, you know the latest greatest symphonies, because that's the thing is everyone can name. You know popular albums at the last five years. Right. Let's say you know, Kanye's life a pop, no this and that that you know, and all these other records name name the last symphony ever written, yeah, no I know there's hundreds and thousands. You know which is, namely you know it's a world totally new territory for me, so it's really cool to be able to explore that you work. You were quoted somewhat recently of saying that EDM is dead or at least that it's dying yeah, but that was back in 2014, so I'm wondering what else long yeah. So I was wondering. What do you think about the current state of you know? Well, that's the thing. The current state is the state. It's been in the last five years. See I, don't know, I think I'm kind of like not taken out of contact, because I I clearly I mean what I say. Even if it's like some weird [ __ ] comment or something like towards cuz honestly, the biggest question I always get on Twitter. What do you think about dot dot dot like what the [ __ ]? You know: okay, fine and then I just say what I'm thinking at that moment, but um here's. The thing is: when I started, making electronic music it was literally I started making electronic music as a joke. You know just kind of a funny thing, because it was like kind of on this weird lull, that it was all starting to kind of sound the same. What what I had done is as I implemented like at least from my end. You know I'm not saying I'm. The only innovator in you know modern-day man's dance, music, there's lots, but from my end of it is I. I came from this kind of like industrial kind of mindset in terms of music. You know what I mean, so it's like I was my melodies were a little more melancholic like Radiohead, a la Nine, Inch, Nails kind of thing and I thought that you know house music, which was actually house music back in the day and that kind of early stage of techno and trance early trance like side trance like we're talking like art of trance, and you know all the Platypus records kind of trance. All that stuff was like really euphoric sounding in terms of like you know, major key changes like in scale and stuff like that, and it was just everything- was really positive about it and I go how come no one's done. The the kind of the bummer, the diminished kind of feel you know. Dance music just can create like more of an emotional bummer. Lo right, lo, not lull. You know l ull in that kind of music and I started to do that and then one good way to achieve that was just you have really lush sounds that were, like you know, kind of long monotonous on, like eight note, repeats kind of things, and then that was this track. I did called faxing, Berlin kind of thing, which was not like this uplifting kind of MORTAL KOMBAT yeah. You know they write, that's what that's where it was heading him in my eyes and then that caught on you know and then then everyone else started kind of doing it and all that stuff. Then we propelled it to this place and then it just evolved as music. Does you know it never comes full circle, so it's not gonna go back to mmm. So what you? What you mean? It's just, it's evolving yeah! It's moved beyond where what yeah it's just moved beyond I mean it's dead. I mean just that piece of it is that I know it's done to death that you know. So what do you think about where it is now I mean? What's going on now, music? As a whole, -, like honestly I, don't give a [ __ ] um I haven't really thought about it. Much like cuz I'm, not if I were smart and I wanted to make a lot of money. I would absolutely think about where it's headed and what it's doing and what the trends are, because that's where you go in, you exploit those there's plenty of Acts doing that right now. You know what I mean where they gonna say woo. This is this. Is the new sound this new trap, yeah well I'm, like speaking for two years ago, you know what I mean like guys, it's kinda what is trap, how to do it is like hip-hop without [ __ ], you know rap always over it and other people analyze. These things like you, would running a business analyze trends and pandered to those kind of trends. I've, never really given a [ __ ] about it. So like I, don't I, don't see that and those respective kind of things going anywhere, because it's not like of my main focus, I guess I mean they probably think about just staying relevant whatever. That means exactly exactly that. One of my most loathed Twitter comments is: are you even relevant right relevant to what finish the sentence? You know what I mean like just relevant in general relevancy is like the weirdest word I've ever heard. You know it when it's used in that context of no context and I mean. Am I relevant yeah my cat relies on me defeat. You are very super relevant. You know what I mean like I'm, the most relevant [ __ ] thing in that thing's universe. We don't be relevant finish. Your thought finish. Your thought. Explain yourself, like I, said: I really have no qualms with people making. You know like haphazard guesses as to my state of mind, but please have something to back it up. I've, never I've make a point like I try my best that when I say something even if it's you know benign or really you know kind of attacking someone or something like that. I've got like empirical evidence that founded that statement, you know what I mean I, don't just I, wouldn't say: I hate you could you look like a guy hating him drew. Thank you, but I could tell you a hundred stories about why hey drew and then that would explain to you why I, don't even like you, you that's great but I. Do you like you, you I thought I was gonna walk into like a drag, fest I, don't know why you expected that you were expecting all kinds of crazy [, __, ] hearing you talk about it. Yeah man like I'm paranoid as [, __ ], just sit here. Alright, I, don't know no good I got a boyfriend. I think. Is it a youtuber thing, a youtuber? We have a. We have a rap. We have a reputation, I guess or some sorts, but the podcast is like a different thing. Well, yeah a youtuber thing: what's a youtuber thing like I know what a youtuber is: yeah yeah, just I, don't get any culture at all, I, don't understand it. Thank You tubers, well the ones with content the ones with interesting shape, people that put forth an effort into their production and they you know they clean it up and they do some really cool stuff like like say uh would would linus be a youtuber yeah. Well, it's just really more even more broth. Just someone who makes content on youtube: yeah, okay, okay! Well, then, yeah sure you know like his [ __ ] is you know he puts research into it. He's yeah. He doesn't just [ __ ], throw a camera up and start [ __ ], calling people names and acting like a 13 year old girl. Like that's one concept, that's just annoying! You know what I mean it's like [, __ ]. These kids are gonna, be able to vote in two years. You know what I mean like [ __ ]. This I can't watch that [ __ ], you know like, but I'll watch like you know, I really, like I, don't know. If he's a youtuber, though electro boom he's like an Iranian electrician, like oh yeah super, he takes a piece of content makes it very. You know educational I learn stuff from it and he's he's funny as hell. Like he's he's Kitty humour, you know it's not dark. That guy is a very unique yeah. You know we need more lecture, isn't like that, not like just some kid [ __ ] talking a mile a minute in a high-pitched voice about minecraft. Yes, the mic! Well, the money. Yes, that's that is YouTube in a nutshell! That's why I don't explore it too much because when I started to do it, I find more of that than I do of people who got put together. Yet it's hard and just reminded me of a video I want to show you here. We go yeah I just want to show you this clip and get your snap judgment on. How do I see it? I'm gonna pull only show them. Omar, bradbury, intro, okay, I'm, wait! This isn't the one no you're gonna automate, doesn't anything like it bro! It's like something you've. Never you never seen that's his intro by the way. This is his failure. This is what he yeah. This is how he creates all of his new viewers. What what is that? What's going on it's like on slow-mo on drugs? I I, don't know man he's a young guy I! Think no! No, no! Don't get me wrong if I was like 6 years old, I loved it all right. It's great! It's hilarious! It's sugar right, I, like sugar, any more sugar but I'm, a [ __ ], adult I'm like I'm a grown ass. My like well yeah I should be you know what I mean that you have acquired taste I want to ask you about. Basically, your experience coming up in music was unique and- and it doesn't happen that often where you come up yourself doing your own work, you know really like picking yourself up from the trenches in a way and building your own thing. That's what you do well yeah in innocence. You know, but honestly, I think that the way the universe is so [, __, ], chaotic and random, that a lot of that had a factor to play with it. You got lucky me, you know you know! Well you know that had a done at a piece. You know what I mean, maybe more so than you know any talent that I may or may not possess. You know what I mean, because I know for a fact that there are millions of other artists out there more talented than me. That can't say like well deserve it more or whatever you know we need their limelight, know it's stuff everyone's kind of successful in their own ways, and it's not always equated to you know fiscal game. You know or attention in the media, or you know, you're super popular and stuff like that. All that [ __ ] like facilitates itself and it becomes as force-feedback then, because if no one knew who I was I, wouldn't be making money, if I wasn't making money, I wouldn't be able to reinvest into what I like to do. I don't I mean. So it's like this weird luck thing. You know it just I got lucky in the sense that you know I worked and increased my chances of that lock happening. Yeah. You make your luck, you know what I mean so not to say that you're lucky. So therefore, you should just sit on [ __ ] ass, with your two SoundCloud links and wait. No, you got to keep going because, as you keep going, the that 1% turns into 1.6, you know and at that point 6 I could just you know, throw you over. So what had happened was as I've been making music for you know eight years um, you know at the time- and you know I come up with this idea and as luck would have it I met a guy who knew a guy through real-life connection that played a record and then he played it for his friend Pete Tong song played it and then everyone's like oh who's. This new guy from Canada I'd like to hear more from him. Ok, well, ok, I'll, work and then I get a record deal through. These are guys and do more networking, and then that propels it and then all of a sudden that little tiny, 1% Martha turns into like a [ __, ] 60%. You know so and then it's just literally throw spaghetti at the [ __ ] wall and work with the ideas that you know attune to you. You know, but yeah I think it's about making your own luck. I, don't think it's about! Oh you work hard, you'll get there. You know like if you can't get past that little threshold right. You know you won't get anywhere. But if that's interesting, you know, I was gonna. Ask what's your advice for people who are trying to do it, you did, but that's exactly it right. It's about making it well yeah that just working working working, but then you know there. There is a networking aspect and that has changed dramatically in the last nine years in terms of like say, SoundCloud and stuff, like that, before, like when I started, making electronic music, the computers were just barely capable of doing it. You know what I mean and so we're talking like trackers, dos-based programs and stuff, like that, we're the only kind of computer music making tools, so I was fortunate enough to be able to. You know grow up with that technology and then the st came out- and I was like at the forefront of that so now. If anything VST comes out now, I know its entire history and how to get it working the way I want it to or whatever you know so, you're saying back now, it's almost like. Is it an advantage or disadvantage that people trying to come up now? Have this incredible social networks, yeah? Well, the social networks are cool. You know I guess after a point, but they only work. Only do you so many favors. Your your best bet is: go make real-world connections because, still like all these major labels- or even you know somewhat- labels are like these old people that just don't give a [ __ ] -, listen your soundcloud, you know what I mean, so you want to send a demo -, it's a mousetrap like I, mean and I've just probably told his story to death, but, like literally sunny more, the Skrillex was maybe about five years off the back of his band thing. Who he's because he's put his time in with this band from first to last? He did a lot of you know. Groundwork met a lot of people, not stuff, and Tommy Lee at the time was doing a thing called the public record, which I thought was the stupidest [ __ ] idea in the world, but he did it anyway. It was like I'm gonna make this record and it's all gonna we're gonna, give out stems to everybody and everyone's gonna contribute. We're gonna pick stems well, funnily enough. Sonny Moore at the time was like one of the top contributors because he got involved. He got active with the community, you know and he would send in this [ __ ] in his like weird demos, of how what we should add to this track kind of thing. So we listened to it and then all of a sudden he became like a mainstay name down in Tommy studio, and we just like didn't roll down there and say this. You know yep, that's that [ __ ] Skrillex kid you know and all set and then, as it turned out, you know he's like hey we're playing in LA. Why don't you come [ __ ], hang out and use again right. You know, so he came and literally in the dressing room of the Nokia [ __ ] theater Sonny gave me a key, a USB key with the entire his first album on it right and then I went home and listened to it, and this was before dubstep was well. It dubstep, as we know it in North America with the wire around transformer [ __ ] was that and I had heard that for the first time I know it was like well. This is different like this is exciting. This is [ __ ] crazy, like let's put it out, and then we put out his first album and lo and behold he [ __ ] blew up bigger than me. You know which was [ __, ] awesome. You know isolated that career and I felt great about it and there's no cos that he's working with Bieber no [ __ ]. It you know all the power to you. You know better you than me. You know trust me, I'd be in jail and you're on billboard. That's good! You know, assault crazy yeah, you know what I mean so, but he made connections. You want to assault Bieber. Is there a part of you that wants to punch Bieber? Okay? Let me phrase this: why do you? Why do you want it? Why would in a world you want to punch Bieber? Oh you know. Well, maybe not punch hit my shot, let's flip them off flip them on yeah. You know what there was I I do have a Bieber story: yeah I will sure know: I love it um I am I used to be a regular at this club in Toronto called Cabana mm-hmm. It's just like an outdoor take club trying to be Vegas and Toronto kind of thing. It's cool. You know laid-back sushis, pretty good, so me and my girlfriend. We go there and we just get in Cabana and order. [ __ ] food meet and yell at my friend deejays and [ __ ], like that. That would go and play there. Sometimes I would play there and something so hey everyone. One fine day and an 18 year old, beaver, [, __ ] appears. Ok, the [ __ ] place is out of control. It's like it's like [ __, ] Trump, trying to land a 747 at [, __, ], Chicago, O'hare, [, __ ] rush hour of planes. You know we're basically, if the clear everything out make sure he's got. You know line-of-sight to his. You know it was like to his cabana and stuff like that and I was like. Oh I really didn't want to be there. You know what I mean like I was like [, __ ]. Why am I here? Cuz I we gotta go they're gonna, have cameras and someone's gonna do a thing. It was nailing. Your buddy was one in the funk, yeah and basically I am what I did as I tweeted as I. Do Bieber just showed up party's over right like this income, the [ __ ] paparazzi in the weirdos yeah, so we were just sitting there and he [ __ ], like just you know, takes off his shirt. No [ __ ] he's like a team, dude you're not even legally allowed to be there. For starters, you know, but who's gonna say [, __, ] right, so I was just like whatever you know just maybe this will be okay if I don't attract any time he [, __ ] looks over me he's like uh and then everyone's like going and then whispering at him. You know like hey, that's Deb, Mouse, that's Deb, Mouse and I was like oh [, __ ]. You know because I'm rewinding in my head thinking, like maybe he's, read one of these like earlier tweets. So these things just something like that and what have you said about him and then he's like [ __ ] me I, don't know he was like you know, so he will tell him to come here. You know I'm like no. You know like I'm, not gonna, walk over to your booth and go over there right and then I and that's over, and someone took a picture me leaning over him and not say like hey I'm, your biggest fan actually said: hey welcome to Canada the first time. I actually said that over is like [ __, ] security guards. Someone took a picture of right at that moment, but just the way that you'll find it you're gonna people are googling it right now. If you find the pic looks old up back there yeah, it looks like it's just the way that they caught me in the photo looks like I'm like reaching. Thank you for like or something but I actually remember, saying welcome to Canada the first time you know I mean like. Let me see this photo hey was that [ __ ] up you got it. Did they have it you're on it? Well, that wasn't so so you have a slight grudge because of the way he tried to summon your ass over there yeah girl, like I'm, sorry dude, I'm, the one guy that won't come over here and suck your dick. You know that's part of it. That's part of it yeah yeah yeah, that's mostly it. He knows his stance is kind of aggressive. Well, he was a little. He was a little upset when I said it. I, just I, just mic drop and then walked out like after that, but they cut me like smiling because it was probably cuz. I was laughing at my own stupid joke yeah exactly it looks like a little guarded and you did a goof on him. I, don't know it's best friend it's subjective service, like oh, you were just so excited to be on my way out, so that these no look, dude, okay, okay, I, will admit. I didn't look that good at 18 yeah. He doesn't look good. He you definitely for sure. You know it's thinking. This I wouldn't be taking my shirt off. No, no people pay me to leave it on when I had cool tats, though before he got is. Is this the only time you guys have have crossed paths? That's it! Oh! No! No! Oh, oh [, __ ] Dean. Do we still have that I, don't know if we have a picture of it, but [ __, ] nah. He threatened to kill me what yeah yeah yeah battle in Australia in Australia Jared drew. That's. Why I remember we you look like Drew Ressler drew Ressler. Was a old photographer used to take my picture Brooks right right and you really look like rooks, it's kind of scary. That's why it's almost morning man, so that was yeah! So he's my photographer in Australia. He was also shooting Bieber right. So, but this was way before this even and then Bieber he wrote on his like a picture of himself hi Deb, Mouse I will kill you I'm dead, [, __, ], serious I gave it to rooks and then say give that to deadmau5 right and then so. Rooks came to me with this [ __ ] photos says here. You just Bieber want me to give you. This I was literally a picture of like 15 year old him on an acoustic guitar, so I will kill. You say that why, when you frame that put that up with your taxes, we I think we literally just left it in the dressing room. Yeah threat from Justin Bieber was that what was that after your person encounter, he was in no, it was before. So that's how we broke the ice with you, I, apparently, no, no, no, the first time. The first time you broke ice with me was me having to listen to him, talk to his whole crew in the room next door, paper-thin walls at the Grammys or which, which is the thing in the States, the Grammys yeah yeah. He was at the Grammys. He was in the room next to me, and then we could hear the conversations going on room. We were like what what was he saying: hi I'd, rather not enough to say what the [ __ ] enough to say what yeah, okay I'm like who's in there and then okay, you know, and then we were right. Ooh that's kind of weird and then and then maybe a few months later we ended up in Australia. Basically we were both touring at the same time and then that's when we got that letter. There's got to be a picture. That's now, I know how to create my friends and love. Yeah. It's kind of I've never really spoken award. We've never had a dialogue. Oh man, I feel like I got to get you guys in a room. Would you do that? No, you don't know. If you're listening, Justin get this man, another picture it says, I will kill you I've, nothing, I dare I from all learned about. You know your prowess and musical talents. I am just not interested in nothing. I could gain. Hmm I feel bad for the guy in a way, I mean I, think he's matured a lot. First of all, basically I upgraded from passing and [ __ ] bucket right, backstage I mean yeah. You've been doing, and that's doing quite well. That's how age works too, apparently you're supposed to mature. As you get older, but I didn't know, you can do that. I'd be doing that I was like you can get away without [ __ ]. The guy is like so like. He can't leave his house without being looked like brutally, harassed. Okay, that I can decide, but because, like I get mildly harassed, I was a little mildly harassed outside of your place. Were you really no, not not mildly he's just like? Did he give me a thumbs up in wait to kill you anything, but you know being being [ __ ], you know escorted around everywhere by a bunch of rings, a little attention, [ __ ] that all right, I, like I, like where I'm at I, think I'm in my perfect room. You know I was like okay, a couple weirdos here and there, but ya know it's not like you can go outside and do all right. Let's take it to a quick, quick commercial break guys. We will be right back with Joel Zimmerman stay tuned, we'll be right back. What are you doing? Ethan hmm I'm eating honey, which, by the way is the name of our sponsor today and I would never turn down free honey. But what's one thing, I definitely would never turn down even more than that free money, honey! That's what that's! What honey is all about? Listen to this, if you shop online without the best coupons, you're already paying too much. Fortunately, there's a free browser extension called honey that automatically finds the best coupons on the web, so you always get the best price. Let me preface this by saying this I installed this browser, you, you install it from the Google Play Store or whatever, whatever you're, using it installs immediately into seconds and what it does is it scours the web for every coupon ever created for whatever your shopping for and it plugs it in it, searches and it plugs it in so I'm on New Balance, like a grandpa looking for some new shoes, because I'm looking at his yeah looking for some extra - ooh as I go in the search bar type, dad got a couple that I like I, go. Look at this I saved 53 bucks. This I would have paid full price and you just check out. You don't need to do anything. It just tells you yeah when you're checking out it's just like hey, there's coupons available, you click apply it just pops up and then it's like. Not only do you have dad shoes now, but your dad would be proud about you that bad coupon - dude, what the hell and then and then the other day. We were, we mean ela just moved and we were buying some new furniture. I swear to God, I didn't save it, because I was so shocked, but I swear. We saved a thousand freaking dollars. It may sound like we're, making it up, but seriously it's not a joke. It's blowing my mind this stuff and it's free to use. All you have to do is go and saw it boom at two clicks: honey. To any add it to any for browsers for free and shop like you, normally do honey, scans and testimonies of coupons in the background I check out. They automatically apply the best one. Over seven million people use honey every day and together they've saved millions of bucks. Honey's got your back, you'll, never pay overpay for anything ever again. So there's no reason. There's really no reason not to add honey to your browser right now. It's free it takes seconds to install and it's gonna, save you tons of money. Add honey to your browser, for free right now go to join honeycomb, slash h3! That's join honeycomb, / h3. That way they know who sent them just give it a shot. If you don't like it, I, don't know why you won't. You can just uninstall it. It's literally the greatest freaking extension ever. Thank you so much Donnie for sponsoring us and next up we've got Squarespace. If you need a domain, a website, an online store, a blog, a beauty blog a makeup. My wicked website just wanna, make a cool website to show you art, yeah Squarespace has got you covered, here's what's so great about Squarespace they've got beautiful templates. They give you all the tools that you need to make an incredible beautiful, elegant or nutty. Whatever you want to do it yourself, you don't have to be a programmer right. You don't to be a NASA scientist. You know. Sometimes it feels like that, when you're trying to make a website here, they've got everything you need to make a beautiful elegant website, for whatever you need from commercial to personal yadda. So that's about it. They've got an all-in-one platform, there's nothing to install or patch. It's ready to go when you get it. They've got incredible analytics that helps. You gain insight into how your your customers are behaving on your website and they make it easy to learn by providing webinars workshops and 24/7 customer support. They want you to succeed, because when you succeed, they succeed and that is a beautiful world that I can get behind. Squarespace makes it simple to set up and transfer your domains. So if you want to create a website for any any possibility, say you're, like my friend Sean, he makes you harps musical instrument why it's called a Jew harp. That's not weird of me to say, but it trips me up every time. I say it: he may you maybe want a website to sell your jobs. Maybe yours, maybe you whatever you're doing okay, maybe you want to start a clothing line yeah you can do there Squarespace my dudes. Here's the deal destiny is calling. You have no excuse so going on over - dang squarespace.com, slash h3, you get a free trial and 10% off you're free free purchase, searches, so go head on over to squarespace.com, slash, h3 and fulfill your destiny to make a badass website it's more than that, though your interests, your dreams, everything it's tied up at squarespace.com, so ch3. Thank you! Everybody! Let's get right back into it! Thank you to our sponsors. Please support them! Okay, see you guys cut me off, then so you're. How do you like being in LA you're here, to promote the new album? Well now I'm here to to perform? This shows? Oh the oh you're, doing yeah yeah we're doing two shows at The, Wiltern, okay, cool yeah, so we're doing like the orchestra at The, Wiltern, ah yeah, further ado, I'll bow yeah, you are putting on with the orchestra yeah that's exciting. This is like some marketing tactic. No, you say you are planning on performing with the orchestra. Oh, oh! No! No! No! Everyone's been asking! Oh sorry, I misunderstood everyone's been asking me: are you gonna tour? It no we're doing two performances. You got it yeah but like as far as after that, I don't know that I've got a gun, yeah. Okay, my bad! Is that like do they play orchestras at that theater? Usually. Is it like set up, acoustically, I? Think so? Yeah, that's awesome! Yeah! It's exciting! The Wiltern! It's like that! Little old, theater, downtown kind of name right. It's set up for Orchestra for sure. That's awesome! We just had to scale it back by like 20 players because of just the real estate cuz 80 players, just a lot of space mm-hmm. That's like Hollywood Bowl space and we're not quite there yet so so do you like it used to live in LA right I did for a year, as you told me backstage, but you don't like it here: um, not that I, don't like it like I, don't like the people, I, don't like the weather! Well, I! Don't like the sunshine I, don't like that, no rain, everybody that a lot of people don't like it. Um no I mean like I I, didn't like it in sense that, like I I spend more time with my lawyer and my manager, my agent than I did doing things. I enjoy I am working, yeah, yeah, exactly boy! Now you live. You have this incredible house, which I mean I. Think most people were fans, I've, seen it because you you're there all the time you stream from home. Oh yeah, the house is incredible: you built! Did you build that yourself? We bought it like kinda, sorta finished and the guy kind of ran out of stuff, and then we made I'm gonna offer he couldn't refuse photograph of you saying, oh no! No, we put a [ __ ] decapitated horse head, no chorus, of course, the classic yeah but you're out in rural out and like how rural is it um, not so rural that you know we have to drive an hour and a half. You know down country roads like we're. A 20-minute drive to the airport and a 40 minute drive to down that's so bad fun, so I'm wondering because you're you are very public about like the house and you're, always there and people I. Guess people probably know where it is. Do you have a lot of weirdos showing up there all right? Well, yeah sure you know like, but just mostly benign nothing. You know dry by yelling, I mean it's it's it's gated in the sense that not like it's. You can't just roll. You can't just come into the front door and knock on the [ __ ] right. It's just you know the first thing we had to do. No brainer but I mean people are generally pretty respectful. I mean you know like I, don't mind, you know people driving by slowing down and maybe even stopping inside the road. Take a look, that's fine! You know it's we've only ever had you know to in the last, like three years of people that have like you know, hopped over the fence- and you know that's got in my [ __ ]. Well, it's a little freaky. You know, and in the sense that, for for instance, actually a video was put up recently of a guy who flew a drone over my house and I saw an aerial picture of your house. I hope. Oh, it was probably me yeah. It was probably me: oh yeah yeah I. Do it all time and then I public eight that post so with that? Well, what did what he? What he was doing is he was parked on the street which isn't my property. It's a [, __ ] public road and he was flying his drone over like we have a 50-acre farm lot. That's like on the other side of our property. Yeah I got like horses and goats out slow Wow, the goat yeah go goats yeah, the gut with the goat um anyway, he was he was. He was parked on the street and he was flying a drone like you know, over the house over the thing and basically we were, and we were sitting down in the living room and like is there. Is that a drone and we were like [ __ ], and then we saw the drone in the night just kind of followed it line of sight cuz, it's gonna land it. If he wants it back right so and then he takes it and he's at some truck and I went up to the truck I'm like what the [ __ ]. Are you doing dude? You know what yo he's just giving me this, like [ __ ] he's dropping there he's dropping the [ __ ], all these aviation laws on me and I'm like okay, but I, don't want a Hawaiian camera over my house. You know and turned into a thing and I'm a prezzie wasn't like excited to see you he's just defensive immediately, yeah kinda and he's like well, you know. First, he started saying well, my I was testing. My drone broke I'm like dude I. Don't want to hear it just like you know, there's a million [, __ ]. We are literally on three hundred of four thousand acres of open field where you could fly drones and and if you weren't such a dick about it and flying it over my house, you know like you could I just hit me up somehow, if you're, especially a member of our community- and you know- you know, I love this hobby come over. We'll fly drones of get right if I can smash me into each other and have a laugh right, drink some beer but like if you're gonna, you know get it right up in my face about you flying a drone over me and don't expect me to be upset well, I'm not upset because of aviation laws and harassment and weird [ __ ] I'm upset because, like [ __, ] I, don't know what your intentions are, and it's not my job to sit here and wonder what they are yeah so like I, I and then I'm thinking like you know, it would be a really great idea if you want to break into like you know a nice house out on a real property flying around the [ __ ] place. Scouted out so with their points of entry, is you know what I mean? How do I know you're not doing that if I don't know what I mean so like that's, why I'm freaking out? Yes, now he's not like oh I, understand you. Oh [, __, ] you're, who I have the right, and then he lets me I'm, like holy [, __ ], like one of these guys that, like walks around with like a ar-15 he's, yeah I see try right cuz, he can't yeah cuz. He can't its freedom. You heard about these guys. These I don't know yeah the open carry yeah I would just to be provocative. Bine, yeah, I I think if no one gets provoked, they'd stop doing it. You know what I mean I'm, not I'm, not like I, said I'm, not about saying. Oh, that's stupid. We shouldn't let anyone walk around with an air. How about this everyone walking around with an air? We just don't don't even don't give him the mass potential unless they're pointing it at you. Well, the police show up like dude you're walking around a shopping mall, that's their response. Weapon. Can I ask you some questions, how [ __ ]? Dare you use your top that well, okay, I mean you know yeah, it happens. It's we live in strange times and some are getting crazy with drones, because I went when we bought one. We wanted to just try it for the first time and we tried it in our neighborhood and I kind of got. Calls no I just saw how creepy you can, because you can just fly it over people as how sleepy fastened, yeah, yeah, um and and I always thought like one-one, like simple kind of like thing. Maybe an administration could do is maybe just like RFID them, so basically by a drone, that's bound to your. You know. Think they've talked about doing that. Why not you know what I mean like it's nothing stupid hide. You know what I mean, but then again that goes against the second amendment, which is like well I shouldn't be impeded on any of my freedoms anyway. So but hey it's not like a we're, not living in a lawless country. You know exactly so. What do you as a drone fanatic? Do you see some kind of dystopian like threat from these flying drones like they're, getting smaller and quieter? It could be one right outside your dark window and you wouldn't even know it. What am I if I had a weird thing going on inside my house, that I should be worried about someone capturing on film. You know what I mean, but I'd also like to see my wiener yeah well, like I, would love to see what media outlet would capture someone's a legal footage and then put it out there out there and not get sued for six. That's two million yeah! So guys. If you art there with drums, you know drone. Is he [ __ ], Hogan's dick? You know that did not work out well for the man. How great was that he's talking about Gawker who published nudes illegal Newt? It's so insane yeah like that's crazy, what they would pick up. You know, but then you would think that you know there's some sanity in that market, where it's like. Someone comes out. Use like, like I, said if I flew a drone over [, __, ] I, don't know Charlie's thorns house and then caught her naked in the [ __ ] thing right now. Oh now, I've got this on my memory card on my drone. Woohoo I got away with it. Well that is worthless. Dude cuz you I, cannot go buck to anyone and do that you're. Just [ __ ] either way. But someone will pick it up. You know. Yes, somebody will um what other tech are. You are you interested in the people? Maybe you are a tech guy, your house, yeah yeah, yeah, easiest technology, I'm all over the board. I love, 3d imaging tacking, the software modeling software, like 3d, graphics, I, love that stuff, which kind of then throws you into GPU technology, which is like I'm. A huge fan of that um. You know like I gotta have the latest and greatest should be you and that either you know, helps out my 3d rendering stuff or the video gaming yeah gaming yeah. This is like I'd love to be able to look at y'all's neon. Without what do you think about all like all the graphics cards are being sold out because of the Bitcoin III think that'll fizzle out as a Bitcoin? We have friends who are like heavily invested yang I'm, not first I'm not invest at all I'm, just I love this the gist of it yeah yeah, yeah yeah, that's great! The main. The mania is just it's so weird I I. Just might my only think. The big big thing that why I never and I'm pretty savvy investor I have many investments like you know, with companies and stocks and all this stuff, but the one thing I will not get buying Crypt occurs is for one solid reason: there's no commodity, it doesn't it's not it's just yeah exactly if there was a commodity, I would understand, but and then people try to explain it to you and then that conversation just gets so convoluted with weird [ __ ]. That makes my skeptical that if there's anything there all because well, there's not every time something explains it like. Oh no I know that there's no value backing it up, but this is what and I'm like that's that it still doesn't make sense. You shouldn't be paid to move electrons around. It doesn't make sense, though, and it's weird how like they're, just like I, heard a statistic that, like the amount of energy used to farm bitcoins, is now worth it's equivalent to like a whole country's power consumption. It's like 2% of the world's power consumption like we're, just we're like I, don't know but they're what they're, just like wiping energy off the and it definitely feels weird that that's even affected GPU sales markets. You know, I mean so. If you don't know like they're, the GPU is the most important thing in mining the coins, and so people are buying. So many that also there's they're sold out because the demand, it's economics, 101, it's it's, but it's not it's not the hugest hit. You know for GPUs and stuff like that. You know like there are billions of applications or GPUs other than mining, of course, but maybe it's just Nvidia. Maybe they invented bitcoins just to sell more GPUs the giant conspiracy I'm, pretty sure they have destroy the [ __ ] out of any NVIDIA GPUs I. Guess they need them. Well, any anyone who makes a GPU yeah military doesn't have a [ __ ] GPU Department. They buy that [ __, ], probably em from somewhere else, and all that technology was outsourced. I'm, not saying I'm, not throwing anyone out of there. It's like GE, you know what I mean ge makes [ __ ], you know guidance systems for nuclear warheads. Why wouldn't [ __ ] Nvidia supply with a right, [, __ ] guide that thing, because they have the best technology for it right. You know why would the government go and spend you know forty billion dollars like in their own branch of GPU. It doesn't make any sense. Can somebody bring me in a glass of water I've asked in my water I took a cue from Joel and I regret. It I asked in all how many things are you smoker I smoke, I like being around people who smoke cuz. It lets me smoke, but many times, I've done that cocaine thing so close cuz, you yeah. It happened to me once my mistake: brutal. Never again, don't worry I've! Actually, that's happened to me on stream. Once I find it so interesting that you're a streamer, but not only just a streamer you've been doing it from before twitch you were like one of their earliest I mean yeah, yeah I suppose would like um I think it was when I think one of the first guys to kind of take on sure it was you stream Oh. You stream was one of the first ones, one of them yeah, just in TV, yeah yeah. You stream was before that. Okay Justin was actually founded from some people. Didn't became twitch right yeah, some of them right, I think so what was it about - about streaming early on when four was popular, that it was well it wasn't. It wasn't the concept of streaming. It was like well [, __, ] streaming I just mean like it would be really cool that you know. Cuz the nature of electronic music is all heavily produced right, mm-hmm right. It's not recorded live off the floor by a bunch of talented musicians, it's like just adjusted whittling away, doing multiple paths, company and, and then it always just came out like okay, here's DJ so-and-so with his new album right and 30 tracks. Really, you know I always thought well, wouldn't it be really cool if everyone knew you know not, that, like I have to expose anything, but I just mean it's really be cooler to like open up the hood on it and show people the process of it. You know either inspire encourage other people to do it because it's like well. Maybe that doesn't look so hard or that's interesting way of doing things. Kinda think you know just lifting hood on it um. So that was something I was always about because, like not not because someone said oh you've got ghost producers making your albums and I was like haha, no I, don't hear I'm going to stream myself, making music twenty forever. And now you know it's all me now, it's kind of more you know, just you know, lifting a veil on something. That's just been heavily veiled for the longest time and, like you said when you stream came out and stuff like that, new electronic artist was, you know, showcasing or live-streaming their production process right, I. Think I was probably among the first people more guarded about that. Well, absolutely because a lot of it is mystifies. Looking at any album produced by you know, your favorite artists name is probably the eighth one down the list yeah, you know what I mean like cuz. If you even are hiring ghost producers, if you're not crediting them, unless you were on some crazy NDA, you know what I mean, then you gotta give them credit, you know, and so you're gonna see produced executive producer and then a list of names and all that stuff and that's just something how I've also weighed artists in terms of artistic merit. You know it's like you know. A lot of albums come out by you know, let's just say more: mainstream producers and stuff like that and you're, just like holy [, __ ]. This credit listing is longer than my dick. You know and you're right what you know. This makes no sense. You know like interest, I I, take a certain amount of you know, pride and soul. You know that at the end of the day, so sluice written, recorded, jolzi yeah and it's your project, it's authentic, ly, yeah, yeah, yeah, so I mean. Is there ever a reason for somebody to have ten producers? Dole is just to make the work easier or pick up talents where you didn't, or you know, engineering standpoint you know because well and not to not to say that that's terrible and they all suck. If you have more than one producer dude, there are musicians who are great at writing music, but are terrible engineers and producers. There are great engineers and producers who can't write a [, __ ] melodies save their lives. You know what I mean, so those people have to come together at some point. You know what I mean. So it's not it's not evil that you know multiple people work on a project. It's just. Do you think that people or artists who utilize I know you say that you have to list them as credits generally speaking, but our artists not forth coming enough with how much they actually put into that I. Don't know like I. Don't have enough free time to go in and [ __ ], but start asking questions wrong friends and about this and who's really doing all this himself kind of thing. It's like I, don't give a [ __ ], it's like I've got Mouse problems worry about not [, __ ], BT problems. You know right, you know it's not that big of a deal like because again it's the end product. That's gonna, you know push the thing forward, not so much as it was involved in all that stuff. But for me and my show in my universe- and this is how I see it- I, don't I, don't see myself as part of some. You know group of you know, people say, colleagues or you know all your EDM counterparts and I should call that man like like I like just this and controlling this and being my own artist and doing my own things on my own time and through my own volition, as opposed to working as a team and collab bro collabs like why is collaborating so [ __ ] huge with mainstream music. I, don't understand it, you know like. Were they more get you more get you more sales exposure right, but it doesn't. It doesn't attribute anything to it. Other than that you know it doesn't make the product better, it doesn't make it. Sometimes it makes it a nation yeah. That's what I mean I'm like fulfill the really the exams are the great music from back. In the you know, the 60s 70s rock bands and all [ __ ]. It's like Edgar Winter did not collaborate with Led Zeppelin. To do this, you they all had their own vehicles. That's what it's about. You know like it's like [ __ ], buying a McLaren, you know and then having a [ __ ] ride, share it with 30 [, __ ], you know, I mean and you get it back and there's a [ __ ] stain on the seat. You know like [, __ ], it's just not enjoyable, you know you're just a solo, dude yeah, and that applies to a lot of [ __ ]. You know not just my music, like I, like living alone, you know I was like oh. This must be so lonely in that epic land streaming room I'm like no well, maybe for you that needs [. __ ] 30 people sucking your dick, every 20, [ __ ] seconds or giving you praise or [ __ ] hanging out and being bros and I'll. Show I don't mean that you know what I mean I adore. It I want to ask you about some context on this. This [ __ ] I. This is this- is an ancient one. Oh, that was funny. I love ya, good. What is this photo? That is a photo of me that Grammys and that they wouldn't let me wear it when I was performing I. They made they made me. Take it oh yeah, because it's like a mic illegal edition, I guess, but that was actually Skrillex for number like that was legit. His number I had that made like and I didn't tell a soul. That I was doing this like management, [, __, ], Dean out there and none of them my lawyer, would never have. Let me do it right, literally hot-swap that last [ __ ] second and then went on the red carpet, but that was a Sony's. I was just a joke. You know been skating like oh yeah, it was hilarious. I thought was funny because this poor kid, like wins, like a million Grammys that day it is phony, can he's probably wondering what [ __ ] is going on. Of course, he didn't find out till like way later. That night, that, like I, basically gave his number out there was a stone, the Gryphon. How did he react? Did you talk to him about it? Yeah yeah? He was like you're an [ __ ], you know like bro, [, __ ], you know I, like [, __ ], nothing subdued in high school, you know I mean yeah. It was just one of those, that's just banter, it's it wasn't it wasn't it. It wasn't an attack, it wasn't whatever it was just some fun. It was always and I seen some other people start to do it after another. Lame come on, I didn't die. I, agree in that kid yeah what we saying it happened to us once when our phones were being put public, and so what did about it? Well, that wasn't that wasn't that was so a hack, Turkey, mobile account and tweeted our number, but I can only imagine what his phone was like as hours couldn't even unlock it or anything, because it was just non-stop incoming calls and you just I couldn't do anything. It was just like that yeah, that was your life yeah yeah. He got over it, I'm emotionally scarred for the rest of his life. No I think could be fun. No people seem to think like I, just literally hate everyone, but half these guys I see like every other month. You know out in LA at some function or another, and it's like it's like it's like you know the cartoon, with the coyote and Ralph Ralph. No, she can [ __ ], hit the clock and then and then get on the big screen and just start [ __ ] eating each other, but the beef is more playful, yeah yeah, it's it all is like I mean I, probably knocked Swedish House Mafia last night, and that means like I, know Steve Angello as well as you want that like we're bros and I don't call them every [ __ ] day, but we share the same space. Sometimes you know, and then we see each other, we don't like [ __ ] watch each other, shoulder bump. You know Haman, alright. Well so recently some [ __ ] went down with this guy DJ carnage. Was that a friendly part that was that was some. That was next level. I didn't really understand what happened it could have been right. I would have liked it to have been, but the guy got a little well. I I, don't know. Okay, this is how stupid it must have been I. Don't remember the the starting point of this exchange. Probably just this bananas me saying that the next guy is like, like I, said, make fun of Swedish House Mafia for half a minute, see him at the next show. Oh hey man, yeah good one got me goddamn bro, you know whatever you know and then have a beer [ __ ] shrug it off. It was probably something like that, but this guy is like just this drama queen, so he propels it, but not like the Who am I thinking of the actor man on the moon kind of propel. It often you know what I mean like he's. Not next, oddly he's like actually taking this [ __ ] seriously, and then it's just like okay, like I'm gonna, just stop [ __ ]. With this idiot you know, and then oh I know exactly what it was so I was approached by razor to do a piece on you know, music and and their products and stuff like that, for because you know like I'm, not gonna, be sponsored by neath and be like hey everybody. This is me and my Neve console only $500,000 for this console and you too can make your own electronic music well. I. Think that the thing with Razer came about and I was happy to do it not because of the fidelity because of the accessibility is a very cheap product, affordable. If you want to just start to learn and kind of how music is and if it's not for you, you didn't [ __ ] blow five grand on a laptop and all [ __, ] and right. You know, so it was I thought. Oh, this is an interesting brand yeah I'd love to get on board with that. So no, and then they said, part of our kind of agreement on the side is for lack of details was well just provide me with ELISA other artists who are like involved and then they're like oh this guy this guy, this guy knows I, go great and then, and then they put carnage in there and I was like whoo I'm like I'm, not sure, that's a great idea, cuz this guy's got a mouth and and I, don't think he's quite technically. You know with it to be able to explain, and lo and behold they went and did it anyway and didn't. Tell me, and then this video comes up of the razor add right and it was like kind of along with ours, and he said things like I. Don't know what this knob does, but it just makes it louder like way very more louder. It was memed, you know it was like, and everyone was just like. You know. First of all, you're pirating, this software, you know and he's been publicly. You know called out by the software companies that have been pirated yeah he's like he's. Like you know, oh he tweets everyone. Pirate silence like not like anyone's gonna, make an issue about it and then literally Leonard Digital quoted his tweet and said we would love to make an issue out of this. You know and then basically that got shut down real, quick right and and so because of that tweet exchange, I called you know, one of the higher-ups at Razer and I said you need to pull this guy off right now, so they buried it. They deleted the video took them right off. The campaign said no we're not having it and then I basically said told you you know, and then they're like okay, okay, so obviously that gets back, that carnage, yeah and he's like [ __ ] that Mouse okay I'm, like dude, you did it to yourself. You know, like you very way way way more did that to yourself so that I think that's what really ignited the flame and M you know and then I was just like and then what had happened most recently, like maybe three four months ago, I, don't know it was cold. It was somewhere in the winter and he he was playing a same festival that I was playing and then another act in between us and then I was playing and then I remember reviewing the billing before we go to this festival and then I said to the kind of management and I said guys. Can we just keep this guy away from me because I just I just don't want any exchange at all I, don't even want to say hi I, don't know just now. I just want anything to do with them so like. If we can space this out and they said okay it'll space it out, so we're gonna put a 40-minute changeover in between him and you because they got a wheel. A [, __, ], 13-ton cube up there. So there's gonna be some time you know in between him finishing him mean going on so and then I think it was just. You know I'm headlining, the show or whatever, and he was like you know not headlining, so he's like being carnage, so he's doing his thing and I'm in the dressing room, NORs near the [ __ ] stage. It's literally a cart ride to it and when he was done, he sat on the side of the stage and waited the whole time like after he was done just waiting just waiting for me to come on cuz. He knows I gotta go there right, I gotta go Lloyd exactly so. There was like, obviously some like words were exchanged with the promo room. Like guys, we told you a million [ __ ] times, and that's why you know. But anyway, what ended up happening was is of course, I'm going on stage and I'm thinking. Maybe he's gone, but knowing him he's, probably just [ __ ] sitting right there. So so me and security are literally be lining the stage and that's what I do you know like I respect other artists, even if I [, __ ] hate them that your time slot your time slot. So you go in you. Do your [ __ ] thing and you leave that's the off? No, that's not Twitter! That's not your harassment, playground! You just [ __ ]! Do your [ __ ] and get out. That's your job and I. Take my job. [ __ ] seriously. Oddly enough, so I'm I'm walking to the stage and he's [ __ ] I just caught him in the corner of my eye and then started to do out of my way like to get way back in the safe and he just becomes so like getting in my face. It's like. What's up, do the duel and then my security guy doing his [ __ ] job did one of these like yeah dude. You are getting right in his face and then all of a sudden two others. It turned into a thing and I just I avoided it like I got it like. You got a shove on me and I'm like all right, okay, you know he called it. Yeah yeah, so I I just went and sat at the bottom of my cube where I've got a big [, __ ] dude, that's his job and you're. Why this guy needs a job? You know what I mean so yeah, so I'll just sit here and I sat on the phone and I'm like this is gonna suck because there's another guy with the camera right like he has a guy. We don't do this, but like some musicians or whatever DJ's have a guy that follows them around with a camera just document everywhere, so yeah yeah. This guy's got this camera running right, the garnish yeah, so I'm thinking well. This is not good for him, because literally your camera guy is just filming. You coming up to me. [ __, ], pushing me and screaming. At top, your lungs are gonna [, __, ], kill me and right I'm like it's. This [ __, ], guy's problem, you know I'm like so I was I, was upset so but I mean I'm, not gonna. Go and [ __ ] challenge a 400-pound [ __ ] Pillsbury, [, __, ], DJ boy. You know like over [ __ ], some [ __ ]. You know like I, don't care I'm there to do a job and I'm, not gonna? Let that ruin my time up there that you know I have a you know my fans, that came to see me or his fans that were left over that have to see me. You don't like whatever you know. I was like yeah [, __, ], okay out of mine, I, would say, and then you know my production manager comes is like you do. You know like that's like straight-up assault, and you know you could and I'm like well, fine, do what you got to do, but just get them just have them removed. You know like so I, don't have to see him when I'm done. You know what I mean, because I just want to go up there. Do my [ __ ] and get the [ __ ] out and go to the next one. You know and and then that's what happened you know and then security said you know, you know your your show ended an hour ago. You need to leave that's part of the deal you know so go and he made a big I can fit about it and that's like every opportunity that he gets it's like and I ignore it, which is fine. You know this is a smartest [, __ ] thing I could do so often immediately. He immediately goes to Twitter but tells a whole story. I'm like to curl up yeah. That's it and I. Don't talk about it, I! Don't care about it. I'm not gonna feed them. A ously am now, but let this be the end of it. Just you know, yeah, that's what it is. So it's just. There are people like that and everyone's lives. You know someone's just happen to get you together, you're smart of the game right that they play about like yeah. You know just leave it ignore it and hopefully it doesn't escalate. You know. Maybe he gets his [ __ ] problem sorted out on his end or whatever. But that's not my problem. Yeah. Does it get to you when you have to perform after an annoying thing, happens yeah a little bit but I don't want I mean this is not like braggadocious but like I've, been performing and doing my thing. I could literally play like you know. Ten minutes after my friend kills himself. You know and I did so like. It was weird you know like like I can I can perform under any circumstance which I'll just turn it on turn it off and then throw the blinders up. Do your [ __ ] thing and then off the stage deal with your [ __ ], that's dark that was it I'm. Sorry I did literally I speak my mind and literally that popped up. I was thinking well. What was the worst-case scenario I had to play? No, my friend Stephen crutch, key rest in peace, man damn well! Oh he's out I find myself very. It's icy out. Yeah you've got pets and antics and they taste a tail. So if they stop, you know emotionally fulfilling you, then you eat them. Yeah, yeah yeah, when they, when they stop becoming fun, yeah baby. Goats! Oh! Look at them they're like little spring, so now, they're like no, you just sit there and eat Hey I, don't fun anymore. No I lied now our pets, our pets and our food is our food. Sometimes both I eat my chickens, eggs. That's fair! That's fair! That's good! No, that's very! They do it anyway. The egg yeah yeah yeah they just [ __ ] out eggs, yep. No, they I have eggs and toast. Every morning from our three chickens, I've know that people have their own chickens. Does it taste different? Is it somehow different or is it the same? [ __ ], the eggs? Oh no! They! These are monster. Eggs, really yeah, I, think they're, [ __ ], like their egg vents or whatever they are no they're they're like crazy, they're, really good, like maybe two eggs will [ __ ]. Do it for me really yeah yeah, no they're huge, they're, big brown, one. So I was like well I'm, not I, don't know how. Maybe we got lucky and we got soup got chicken. We like super, we pamper them they're like Kelly's, like babies. You know like she called wood. They grew up in our house right like so you imagine this house and you know all the pictures. The inside we literally had chickens, [, __, ] and running around in the house. It was hilarious until they started [ __, ] everywhere I'm like okay. Let's go you run as as everything you do, you're very much on your own in terms of running your own social media, instagram, twitter, twitter. You have all kinds of exposure to like fans, opinions about you. How do you feel being exposed like to all these chatter and all these people talking especially their opinion where most people as popular as you don't? Have they don't know? They've got a wall, yeah, they're, right or something I know what I mean I don't know I get to do it does, but that's the price you paid for being. You know like [, __, ], super crazy, vocal on things or whatever you know, I mean it's like I've touched everything from [, __, ] politics to [, __, ], to stock, the [, __, ] personal opinions and all [ __, ] and yeah. It's just that's, that's me, being antisocial, being social, you know putting in there there's my social activity for the day. I'm gonna go back to playing pop G hours on it, I think I'm, an antisocial person, you know like I, don't enjoy being around crowds of people or even my closest friends, know that you know I can only see them like four hangs, maybe half an hour a week at some restaurant or something and then that's it. You know so I've developed a really good shell in terms of being to be able to deal with stupidity, idiots you know, and and all that kind of backlash that you get when you [ __ ], try to be social in it. My attempts of being social might come off, as you know, [ __, ], snarky or facetious or attacking you know. But that's just me being me. You know, and I've and I've just been doing it so long that I think that people who have been following me or know of me or whatever just say. Oh that's just they now you know social media. As a while ago, you had erased Facebook and Twitter right for like a minute for like like a minute, I, don't know what you do. You know what it was or I can't remember something about you. You were tired of all the [ __ ] of annoying people, I think maybe yeah. You know maybe some weird thing: it was a while ago it was. It was probably a swing. You know everyone has these [ __ ] up swings. You know, like you know, that's just part of being. You know manic-depressive I, guess which I guess self-diagnosing myself. I could be a little more of that direction. You know, but like okay, I'm like this is Groundhog Day, you know like I've, been upping it down and up and down, which is kind of yeah I. Think we're leaving for a lot of my core fans, because they, oh wow, yeah, [, __ ] days, -, yeah, yeah, well, yeah, there's a very big misconception about you know what wealthy people are like or you know successful people are like inside. Even people think you're happy all the time. I think it's evident. It's a really it's a really interesting thing because, like I said when I was before, I was dead mouse or anything like that. You know. I would think that you know you know, even just coming across, say: Tommy Lee's radar for the first time before I was [, __ ] anybody, you know I'm getting an email wow. This guy must be like [ __ ] live in life being like crazy happy in Russia, as you get I got to know him over the [ __ ] years, I'm like wow. This guy has some [ __ ] dark days, and this guy's yeah. You know, as is fun too, but, like you know, having in this state and having money, is its holy has nothing to be. You find a new plateau there and then it becomes normal. It's not like you're, getting rich every day where it's like that excitement of the plateau, yeah yeah. And then you live your life, so you think of it like the well now, like my level, I have to think now, like whoa who's, happier me or Jeff Bezos right. You know that guy's, probably just as maybe miserable as the next guy. Surely you know like what does that when someone like yeah but yeah I'll say it comes with so much I'm like you know, it's wait: [ __, ] yeah, it's waiting yeah, it's not just like ooh money and less money. Let's just go, spend it all and have no Laurie it. Let's go will never happen. Yeah. Anyone in the world is Jeff based this guy be miserable. I'll. Tell you what he's hurting a little bit? Why cuz Amazon stocks now yeah was because what did Trump say he wonder what happen you want. It investigated like adding tax law. I think he's just bought her cuz. He owns the one, no he's just but I. Think Trump is just like a perpetual a little just just this [ __ ] jealous little dude. You know like and and and I get that too. You know what I mean it was a you're just jealous, but I I at least know the difference between angry and jealous. You know what I mean so that yeah I'd say envious, sometimes or some things, but I, don't I, don't think I'm, the type that gets jealous, cuz I know what jealousy looks like, and it's like thank the guy, who has a presidency mm-hmm who's magged, someone's making more money than him yeah and I'm gonna do something to bring you down a peg, listen I, don't I'm he's obsessed with Jeff pace obsessed with Amazon, because Jeff- and this is what I think owns the Washington Post. We success with somebody every other yeah. It's just one target one of his enemies, because the Washington Post is always like doing expose he's not Trump. Well. Jeff Bezos is like that. Dude wants to control the whole [ __ ] world and you got to be real and he almost done that motivated in a way. Well, that's that's Peter, teal! That's that's that that's some next-level weirdness [ __ ]. Look him up he's a [ __ ] real piece of work. Okay, actually he's gonna graph, he's gonna slide me a photograph! No he's like he's like he's like he's like bizarro Elon Musk, Oh Dan, said he wants co-founder of PayPal yeah. Oh he's he's bizarro Elon Musk. He wants to build round utopians fine and he's got these big projects really weird he's half of the he and apparently I. Don't know this fact or not, but he's like he started to fund the whole Colgan thing going full circle here. He funded that suit. To get back at Gawker, cuz Gawker said some [ __ ] up [ __ ] about him. I love this just billion yeah yeah, you know that's one of my one of my biggest fears in life is being in the target of a billionaire. Who will sue me forever? We went through a lawsuit, it's the worst thing ever and it longs for so long, hydrogen atom or like tried to see you know it was a colleague it. No, it wasn't that helium came at you bro and you had to change it to somebody to this person. We D invented reactions. No, we won by the way, but it ended up costing like two hundred thousand dollars and it took like a like a year. Super stress you want me to feel sorry for you, but but what I'm saying I know you're in losses. It wasn't cheap. So if, if somebody if [ __, ] Jeff betas basis is like hey I want to ruin this guy's life, you can just sue me for any dumb [, __ ] forever I understand what does the universe, trying to tell everyone to just be nice to everyone? Well, it's just my fear. That's that's! How we evolved lawsuits do. We would all have diseases and deformities and [ __ ], weird [ __ ]. If that's the way the universe works, but it doesn't so there will be lawsuits. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well speaking of lawsuits, so you were in a real classic classic. It was lawsuits. Actually there's new class people study the ship mas because it gets. How did that one pan out um with Disney over the years? You know what I'd [, __ ] I gotta be real careful. You can't see this one I can't say how it like what the the settlement terms were, but it was settled you guys it was amicable, although that's what they say about everything yes yeah well, but that's what we're only allowed to you know. I said something then boom we'd be back, find that [ __ ] right where we were. What loss? Is that we're one of we're one of three people in the history of Buenavista to ever walk out unscathed, dude destiny? Lawyers are terrifying yeah. If there are parts of Disney that show to other parts of disease, we what's nobody wins. I love, Disney, they've got this big happy smiley faces fireworks in a castle, and underneath is just lawyers, lawyers, okay, but I love. This phrase it we we separated amicably is what they would say what it could mean like yeah I had to sacrifice I had to throw my firstborn into a volcano. It ended amicably. It's we're good, we're all good, but even more interesting. We're broken yeah yeah, John, Brown organic, but the omelet is tasty, um, even more interesting to me personally than that one is the lawsuit over mailing, Tain's, Oh, calm, also incomplete and I. Believe, oh, is it concluded, okay and very, very amicably, a lot so everyone's feeling, great lots of laughter bowls dolls were had, and though that concludes that conversation about lawsuits. Are you I mean if you ever want to gauge a companies like intent and and resources to do it just find out what they're worth and then don't step to it and then just omit yeah right? What were you saying all right? Do you have any lawsuits ongoing right now, you're involved in probably no no, no I'm, like honestly, like III, want to avoid them as much as the next guy I. Like you know, it's funny is they are and then- and some of them are just entertaining in the fact that you know if I was richer. I, maybe find them funny. Well, I mean okay, no, no, no just think of it as a part of business. You don't I mean hire and it's not a part of every business, but it is a part of many business. Yes, where they it is where conflict arises and there was no waiting. You have to be very conscious of how these things work and how, to you know, mitigate things and get through that process, so that when [, __ ] really [ __ ] hits the fan you're better prepare for that. You know, you know what you can and cannot. [ __ ] do I mean it's not like. We have to go around and [ __ ] it employing people, for you know: 30 cents, a [ __ ] hour, not to know minimum wage laws right but, like you know, scale that up to you, know technical rights and- and you know, intellectual property rights and music law and all that stuff, like [ __ ], my lawyer tells me all the [ __ ] time she does I dude. You literally write the bar like right now and you would be fine. You know you don't have to because you're [ __ ] doing all these other things. But you know you want to be a music lawyer, you're good to go. You do not to say that you know that oh, the best advice, I'd ever give a musician is be a lawyer. That's sad, you know no matter being it for as long as you have you, it becomes a machine, you understand all the working components and and and things that come to impede that machine and how to fix it. It's just like being an auto mechanic. They don't auto mechanics, aren't great model mechanics because they just never had to fix a [ __ ] car mm-hmm. You got to know what breaks them and and how to fix them better, you know and so that they don't get broken again right. Everybody I hope they. Nobody go through a lot. No, no I wouldn't wish it on anyone and I, don't proactively seek them out. Unless there is, you know something to be had like one one and- and there are I've actually been in more lawsuits, that weren't even [ __ ] lawsuits that everyone seems to think there was one being the suicide boys, some rap band from Atlanta. Literally verbatim took a song of mine and rapped on it, hmm and then put it out like didn't, sell a million copies or whatever, and then they put it out now all we did. We send a C and D, which is common, saying, don't use. While we appreciate your effort. Yeah I would prefer you not to monetize my work and take it off right and the internet freaked out and I'm wondering now. Okay, who is more stupid, someone who takes someone else's work and raps on it and then just doesn't give me credit for it publishes it or the people that think that that's normal fine, that's fine! Everyone's! Like you know. Why did you do? Why did you sue them? Well, yeah? Well, we didn't sue them, it's not worth and you gotta pay for their whole life up. If you want it done, no, no well yeah yeah yeah! You sure. If did it so bored I mean I bored, but you know it's just like literally a one-page letter that says please not please stop yeah and then that's it and it's if they ignore the integral [ __ ]. You and then they sell it on iTunes and it's like okay, [, __ ] just got real yeah, you know and then then it gets crazy, but it never gets that point. Cool well, I, recently put a picture of me up with a bunch of [, __, ], satanic, imagery and I. Think yeah. They got a hard-on for me, too I don't know, but um and and then because it's my photograph of not a photograph of me, but one that I actually own the image rights to right. We said: take that down. That's my image. You can't just do that. Your bottom-feeding lawyer should know basic copyright law and then they were forced to take it down and then all of a sudden is deadmau5 sues. Karela the bag, yeah well, I didn't sue them. I just told him to do something: I didn't have to yeah I mean it would have been ugly as [ __ ] afterwards, but they didn't have to. We suggest things and point out obvious [ __ ], but we don't go looking for [ __ ] I, don't go taking down videos of people uploading my music on the YouTube channel, which is kind of like an AIDS fast right now of everybody. Just doing that, but eh you know that's how the culture is I accept. You know like I'm, not mmm-hmm right. You know that's just just that is so weird. So let me let me wrap it up here. We have a ceremony about how we end these usually. Is it start with a CNN with an a/c and with a no can we get another so come on in this has been like long in when they bring me my rider on stage when I was talking in the twitch thing, they just bring the whole six-pack. Oh you know they don't bring him piecemeal, come on bring the sake of Christ's sake. No, no, my cutoff! This is number three. After seven I was joking. We're gonna have a bowl with of M&amp;Ms without the brown ones. Here, for you, that's not a me joke. That's it's a needy artists, joke! No, that's actually a very specific artist. Who is that I? Don't remember, it was like I, don't remember who it's an old rock band: um, yeah van Halen or something I, don't know what do I know so there you still trying to think of that. What what would it been? I? Don't know it's some movie, so we and irrelevant apparently I have I've got I got people, people, dance, said Led, Zeppelin and said van Halen I'm, one of the two lead Halen. Well that Island those guys man I love that oh, it is y'all. Look at me like I'm. So what's the thing yeah! So, first of all, if you don't have a story, it's fine, but we like to ask our guests at the end of our shows. If they have any ghost stories or paranormal experiences, UFO encounters or any funky kind of unexplainable thing, and just for reference I, don't I'm, not a believer I! Don't have any stories, so don't feel bad. If you don't and I thought that we would appropriately named this ghosts and stuff story, got him well, I, don't know it's not really a ghost story, but he was still pretty creepy that were key stories are buki yeah, it's kind of dumb and no one's gonna believe me, but it actually happened. Um yeah, that's all through it and then, if I can actually think of something paranormal because I don't believe anything that [ __ ] yeah he needed, and that's that's why it was a joke because actually ghost us up derives from like I wanted to make a vacuum cleaner. That detected ghosts that played a MIDI file was just some stupid joke, but um anyway me and my agent Joel Zimmerman, who shows the same name. We were talking about the deadmau5 thing and all this [ __ ] and then like this is like before ghosts and stuff. So I was like when I was just Jules, ermine and and and I was talking to Joey. We were going like over artists kind of marketing stuff and we're walking down the street like middle of the [ __ ] night, like downtown Toronto and and he's he was asking me about deadmau5 and I was trying to tell him the [ __ ] story and I'll [ __ ] nice. What I got right? This actually happened and then right. Nobody believes me but right, [, __ ]. As soon as we were like in the middle of the conversation, a [ __ ] cat walked by with a mouse in its mouth and dropped it off like right in front of us and just disappeared and like no I'm, gay and I know everyone's like all this [ __ ] but I swear to god. You can ask troll, he will swear to it, and is it suspicious that the only other dude who can vouch for this story is that's good, I love that that's that qualifies? Did you want to get real dark? Yes, yeah. This is the [ __ ] up thing. This is this is like some weird fate: [ __, ] I was I think it was about seven years ago. I was on my way out of Ibiza to go to somewhere else in Europe and me and my tour manager Paul McRae we're basically the way you go to babysit. You don't go from like well, you could now from Heathrow over there, but you had to hop from Madrid. So we would fly to Madrid. Go to Ibiza party show Madrid Heathrow. Then, wherever else, so we had a show I can't remember where it was um like after the Ibiza one. So we had to really like rush to get our connection in Madrid and then fly out elsewhere and we get to the airport where, like about 15 minutes before the next plane, is now. If you ever been the the airport in Madrid, it's like it's like O'hare. It's like crazy long in our flight. That God in was way at the front like that. We were going to get on which way pian and you know, escalators no trains. We had to [ __ ] literally run to make that [ __ ] flight, and it was like kind of a big deal of a show that there's just no way we could [ __ ] missus. So let's [ __ ] just book it [ __ ], it I swear to god. I've never run so fast in my life because, like literally a lot of money, was on the line and then we get to the [ __ ] thing: they're like doing the closed door thing and we're like [ __, ] serious. They were like ab like I mean. If you were like a minute, you know we could let you on, but we've literally pulled the [ __ ] thing off the flight and it was like Spanair, so they had pulled the gate off the [ __ ] thing and we're like oh [, __, ], okay! Well, let's start calling around see if we can find something like private options, all [, __, ] and so we're just kind of [ __ ] laying around in there waiting for like some kind of option to help flight goes up. [ __ ], not even [, __ ], like about 300 feet off the runway, plane crashes, everyone on board dies, it was that span airflow. We just [, __ ] missed that flight and- and there were there- was about me about 800 to a thousand people like all like in the airport. Nobody made a [, __ ] sound. It was the creepiest [ __ ] [ __ ], and everyone was like you could see. You could hear it. It was right outside the airport uh. Well, no, it was like half a mile out, so you couldn't see her. No, we saw the smoke and the explosion. Elijah cuz, it went up. I, don't know the details on it, but it went up and it [ __ ] landed flat and [ __ ]. Apparently no one [ __ ] survived that, but we had just barely missed that [ __ ] flight and then the next flight we got on like to get us out like it was the freakiest [ __ ] thing I mean I'm a numbers dude. So like I thought it was fine like just here two planes. Oh and I, don't know you know, but like so everyone on that flight going out, everyone was like praying and [ __ ]. It was so surreal man, but we were like 16 minutes. How do you? How do you insane story? Hey if that's just the universe, man, you know like I I, don't I might not ever never gonna fly again. You know, like that's just it's just [ __ ], weird that we just barely narrowly missed him crazy. That is. That is truly truly incredible and you know not like you know what I mean crazy in some alternate universe. You know what I mean yeah but like. How do you like in a way just did you feel like some kind of divine intervention? Oh just so, my god I! Do it like? How do you explain that it's just on pure chance, I can't yeah mm-hmm, just [ __ ] dude, look at the universe, how [ __ ], random, [, __, ] I, don't mean the universe like the universal sense. I mean like space and [ __ ] yeah [ __ ], some quasar going off like [ __, ] 200, light years away, who's gonna wipe us out, you know any or whatever you know like this is so chaotic and we well past our understanding that I don't want to go ahead and reserve this little narrow-minded spot to a great controller. You know that just knows what everything's doing and- and it's all supposed to be this way I'm like that's a mind: [ __, ] them, yes, Wow yeah. How was the show? Oh I don't know like I landed on a light one anything we had some other shitty DJ that I hate makes generic EDM Dillon Francis. Was that real or was out no he's a nice guy as a person right he's, [, __, ], garbage hot garbage, but I love him, you selfie above you, he should stop [ __ ] DJing and be a goddamn like comedian or TV, show host or something, but let him do what he want anyway. Me and him were in Vegas and I had set a budget because I was flying out that day to go back to Canada, so in Canada the law is you can't you have to declare anything over $10,000 right, okay, we're gonna go play. Some [ __, ], blackjack and I'm gonna make exactly $10,000 I'm gonna buy a coffee and that'll be under and I'm gonna. Take that in I don't have to declare it I used to do that. A lot I used to gamble at [, __, ], win I'd come home with 500 [, __, ], grand and I'd have to declare it and they sit there and they count it like a promise accident. No, oh you want to count it yeah, just for the record, okay, because paper trail right right. That's all! That's where that sorry just give me a minute here: sidetrack um, a guy who did some big Cisco buyout of his shares or something like that smuggled in two million in cash or something in a candidate didn't declare it hand it in to gym bags, brought the gym bags off. One of my good friends is like head of [ __, ] immigration or whatever in Toronto Pearson, and they took the the suitcases on went found. You know two million dollars in cash there and they literally find him huge, huge, huge, huge, [, __ ] mines may be possible jail time, I'll, [, __ ]. All he had to do was declare it right, that's it and they would have just said. Alright, sir fine, you know we just want to know you know like, and then he got [ __ ]. So he tells me doesn't matter how much you bring just [ __ ] declare right, yeah and I'm like okay. So anyway, I was a big gambler and all a [, __, ] and then I was doing the whole Big Shot thing with Dylan and we go to blackjack and five minutes. I win like 10 grand I'm like [, __, ], awesome right and no actually I won like 11 grand or something stupid right and how's. Like [ __ ] I got an extra thousand right and Dylan's like will school play, [ __, ], roulette I'm like alright fine, so I just put thousand dollars on number five [ __ ] right and then, if it hits it then holy [, __ ], but if it doesn't then [ __ ], whatever it's gone, I don't have to worry about. I didn't want it anyway, okay, so they spin the wheel, put the [ __ ] ball in and then Dylan's looking at my [ __ ] [ __ ], and then he grabs my chips and puts it on the [ __ ], like the weirdest. Like the green thing, the one that's like the one in 32 right I was like [ __ ]. He doing in the the guy at the Volvo dealer, the ball guys like Oh bro. You know you can't do that and then it goes like that's his chips. You know if he wants to move that he'll move it kind of thing and then Dylan's like. Oh sorry, you know because kind of a noob and I was like yeah, whatever it's cool. Just just don't do that and I'm from green I'm like dude, you just touch my [ __ ], [, __ ], and by time we stopped [, __ ], arguing about it. The [ __ ] thing lands on green I swear to God. The one payout would have paid me out like about 400 [, __ ] grand on the thousand dollars. Now it landed on the one where Dylan moved it to I was like you, I wanted to beat the [ __ ] out. He was like see that would have been sweet to declare that yeah, but now all that left the declare is that his musics garbage and I hate him mmm. Well, thank you so much man for coming in sitting with us yeah thanks for the beers. Thank you thanks for sharing your stories and everything, and we really appreciate it. Looking forward to the new album. It's really exciting hope you have a great time there. Mm-Hmm yeah, thanks for having me I, didn't know what to expect. I feel better, didn't have to talk about yeah deadly gnarly. We should catch up up G game sometime. Should that be good soon as they fix it, the game works I'm all for it. We were just talking about how we wish we wish pub. She was fortnight servers. Take out, the court gets the say cup take out the forts. You've got a great gal VP for I had no building yeah 1v1 me love. It won't be one. We fortnight, no buildings, that's where the real battlegrounds go down guys. Thank you so much for watching um. What's up next week, Dan, you know you, my shut. Damn thing is closed for Christ's sake. It's closed. We got Bobby Lee next Friday Bob, oh, come on come on it's falling apart at the end, Bobby Lee, the comedian, yeah I love him yeah, sorry cool. He apparently Dylan my son hi! Oh, are you guys friends or no I met him once very briefly, but I wanna catch his show more often than he probably thinks at the Comedy Store, oh cool I'll. Let him know so I. My computer is gonna blow up right now. Okay and there's also a Tuesday episode every time. I click on this all right, Tuesday we've got DJ Doug Pound, who is one of my favorite comedians. She worked with Tim and Eric is a great and funny guy Friday, we've gotten to body Lee, don't miss that [ __ ], all right guys have a great weekend. God bless. You appreciate, you wish you all the best and thank you once again. The deadmau5 George Zimmerman and the new album is coming out. The [, __ ], isn't sure, but I said you said, George Zimmerman, because that's a guy in Florida who killed a dude, you idiots you idiot. Everything was fine and now you're George Zimmerman guys you were supposed to think about it. Damn you were supposed to have cut it already cut it just cut it.