Welcome everybody to a new episode of the h3 podcast starring, your boy, ty Lopez y'all. Remember when he had attorneys trailing us when we made that video together well, we're gonna do a little bit of a meme on him. We've got a friend Michael here who is looking very slick, very intimidating as an attorney, and we are gonna. Have him shadow, ty, Gimmelwald taste of his own medicine? How do you think he's gonna enjoy that yellow we're pranking him got him. Let's go welcome everybody to another episode of the h3 podcast every Tuesday and Friday at switch W ports legislation, abductions also available on all those great apps iTunes Google Play tune in go there, listen download, leave a review palpable us. Now. We've got on deck, ty Lopez he's here the man the myth, the legend he's here in person. We also have illa Klein the illustrious the beautiful the elegant, the Red Hat sent, looks like you're, making a political statement with that hat I, don't like that! It's just a red hat, Donald, Trump love him I hate him. He ruined red hats. You can't wear red hats anymore. Today's episode is sponsored by Dollar Shave, Club movement, that is MV MT movement, the watch company and quit more on that later, no episode, this Friday but stay tuned, because next, two days Tuesday coming up a week from today, it's dunkey video game donkey and his girlfriend Leah. Oh, my god, I love, these guys I'm so genuinely excited for that one, but one guest at a time because I'm excited for today's guests as well. Tai Lopez yep now before we introduce our guest today, actually want to talk about something that just happened. Idubbbz friends of the show friend of ours made a new video. He made a Content cop on rye, scum, mm-hmm, a little switcheroo and he titled it content cop Jake Paul as a parody too, because everybody's begging him for months to make a Content cop on Jake Paul and then all of a sudden he does a little switcheroo cause content, cop, Jake, Paul and immediately it's like got you just a joke. I just didn't want to give Bryce calm the satisfaction of putting his name in the title and YouTube [ __ ] removed it for clickbait and deceptive practices and I'm fired up. They gave him a community strike yeah and they removed it even if they bring it back. They sucked all the momentum out of the damn video or a lot of it. Yeah. Anyone with half a [, __ ] brain should be able to look at that and be like. This was purposely done too artistically to enhance the value of the video. He immediately addresses it and he has a reason for doing it and he talks about it right in the first. In the beginning of the video, you know, it's fine, that there there's there all the sudden such strict and forces of the rules. Meanwhile, you know they're like no porn unless it's art and then you can have a dude [ __ ] in another dude's mouth like they're, like this rules, okay, as long as it's art, but meanwhile, when he actually attempts to make something interesting with clickbait when everyone else on YouTube is actually genuinely click, baiting and being promoted in and paraded around by YouTube. All of a sudden he's got to be the martyr for clickbait god they always have. They always have this way of not getting it. It's so weird like what? What? How can they not understand? He immediately talks about it and he actually has a reason for titling it that way. Well, while you have Lance yours raped by a demon yeah, that literally, is that not clickbait, I I ask you now. So if you want to help I mean if they don't bring it back, that's gonna be one of the greatest travesties of YouTube history, I think. Hopefully it was just some deli I'd buck I, don't that is a bit relevant to what I'm talking about some some person that and you know, sit in a room with their finger on a button is like oh [, __ ], this guy in particular. Hopefully it gets reversed. If not, if you want to help tweet team youtube, tweet them, there's real people there they're connected. They see that tell them yo help a brother out. It's interesting how they there, the guy's, been working on this video for months dude and insanity come instead of promoting people actually put effort into a YouTube video. They they just ruining it for him. He flew to England just so that peopIe can make a brief. Cameo like this guy, went all out on this video and I. Think that point is excellent. No one else is trying to like elevate YouTube videos right and instead of them appreciating that they find a way to do the opposite. They would donate, don't even reach on be like hey. Can you change the title they're just like [, __ ], you you suck anyway tweet - at team YouTube. If you want to have your voice heard on that one now with that being said, Tai Lopez is a bit of a legend on YouTube he's been the subject of a couple of our videos. Many of you know we made a video with him recently, where we went to his house got to know him a little bit. My impression was that he was a nice guy I liked him. I mean besides the fact that he had like a fleet of lawyers tailing me, but that turned out for the best I mean was. It was a highlight of the video here, my garage, the inventor of this meme, the 69 steps, the 420 steps, he's a YouTube guru he's a legend. You guys all know him back there. He hates my 69 69 place for 20 steps. So anyway, let's bring the man in Tai Lopez gate that sweet tight, little ass, I know you're fit and I know that ass is tight, so bring it in here. Dammit 69 steps, yeah! Alright, thanks for joining us dude how you been for 420 plays and stuff. So how you been what you been up to and, more importantly, what car did you drive here in the blue, Rolls Royce? Did you really I I brought it as a present for you, oh my god, Wow I knew you yester. That's nice. You can hand me the keys now, if you got him there outside, oh hey so anyway, I was in Vegas. Yeah I took I, took a picture out the window one hour or two hours before right of that. That festival was insane I left two hours before really I've been right in the middle of it. Crazy world man sad world sometimes. But on that note yeah, you are you. You were in Vegas recently in Vegas, I was speaking at a conference. Well, two entrepreneurs wanting to scale their business for you just can you just bring a little bit close I just want you miss anything. This is don't worry about him. Did you bring your lawyer just here to hello? Okay, don't worry about it! Snow he's like an intern, an intern, yeah he's gonna. Read me my Miranda rights. Just listen, he's uh! Don't worry! Just try not to think about it. Not here he's the janitor I'll focus no I'm just kidding, oh my god, all right you're, starting to scare me now. So thanks for your service to us appreciate, thank you very well done by the way lots of intimidation but who's gonna serve me no subpoena on my podcast on your part. By the way that was great, we thought it'd be fine, good I, don't wanna I, don't want to like drag it out and actually have him stand there for too long. No, just a little bit of a me, you were getting a little late, hearted, that's the new meme, the ef'n lawyers at Ty's house. That was powerful. That was definitely the most memorable thing and it wasn't even really planned. I just had a meeting with my lawyers and they were there and they're like we got it. We got to meet this guy and I. Don't know why bill was hounding you like that they do not instruct him to do a debrief. Okay, because that's the number one thing that everybody was like. You have to ask him about. Yes, he was following me: yes, I have no idea why Oh No so who's, it's wool, that's a guy three of but he's a compliance lawyer. So I don't believe he promised you you kid like a Google lorry, no I believe he's compliance. Okay, but like what do you think I would actually be like follow him in the cameras. I mean not that's why it was so crazy, right, I. Think I was just like you guys can listen in okay and he took that extremely literally, as relating it listening to every moment so I, and then you know this is Hollywood you want to you want to entertain. You got to be a little crazy, so I didn't say anything I was like I know, your audience is gonna. This is gonna spark brand new conspiracies around about me and I was like it's a year now you're saying that it was by design to be entertaining no and not. It was neither, but once I saw it. I was like this is this is pretty funny. I mean it was definite, was funny, and you were good with the game. You guys are good with the cameras you like turned it into a central theme of the whole. It was I mean props to that guy, but David, were you like dude? Why the three yeah the balcony one is my corner. One was funnier, they had like eyes in the wall, the photo you could see their eyes. You know if I really would have pre planted. I would have done something like that. I wouldn't let you know because yeah it was pretty ham-handed yeah the way he did it. Yeah. Well. People like the end to I get a lot of people being like. Did you really throw really out and his wife stayed surprising people like Pro, Wrestling, Oh lots of stuff? It was a bit of a progress. It was a bit of a pro Russell. You can basically do something. Outrageous and 50% of people will believe it well that guy just was I mean there was a point when I was on the balcony, walking down the stairs yeah and he and I turned around, and that's when I had this realization doc. This is a lawyer. Trailing me he's not full-time on staff. I I have the other guys were full-time. Is he the premium? One is what's he know just he not that cheap, so I, like 600 bucks, an hour yeah, he does compliance FTC stuff resuming so like we sell stuff online. If we have stuff that has recurring monthly fees, you got a word it. So it's not tricking people inside so he makes sure everything's aboveboard. So he was making sure that was compliant like that I guess such a good man he's very well, but it got, but he got views did I was so memorable, yeah no I'm happy it happened, I mean it wasn't like I didn't feel threatened. It was just like. Well, no he's a jolly guy yeah. He is. He was nice. He was a good sport. I remember, I walked out of the kitchen want to know at towards the end. I was like hey I. Need you to sign a release? You said he was ready. Lawyers are very serious. You probably would do that. I was surprised. It was probably by the way. Congratulations! Congratulations on winning your lawsuit! Oh thanks because I know we were talking about it there yeah. Thank you so much. Yes, that's really yeah! You need freedom of speech. Let people do as long as it's not crazy, crazy! Listen today was the big thing you just did you had some other content and you did like a reaction. Video yeah yeah made a video like we usually do and this one guy just couldn't take it and he [ __ ] suit us found an attorney that was as far as I could tell ya. Did it pro bono or on it on my expense agency, and they just you know they couldn't accept that that it was alright to make that video right, and so they rode that train all the way to about how. Luckily we won, but it was a nightmare yeah. Well, I'll, [, __ ] with lawyers man now I was on jury duty like two or three years ago, on a gang, a guy stabbed somebody in the face and I was on the jury at my basic it was a month. It was a hung, jury in and out wasn't. Usually your I was in like 28 days. My basic conclusion was: don't go to court. If you don't have to I mean the the prosecuting attorney suck the D I mean if you're poor too, it sucks the world's so unfair cuz that yeah defense attorney was I was like this dude should defend himself that bad she at the end, fake, cried the attorney my client and all the jurors right when we went in the room. We're like was that a fake cried well like yeah. It was like so bad. I was like poor guy cost us quarter million to defend ourselves adequately. Once we got like good real attorneys, yeah it just it was kind of disillusioning how how rigged the system is towards money. Oh dude, that's insane! I didn't grow up with money, so I never saw that side of the coin, but basically, especially in America, money runs stuff made. Money is, and that's why I tell people. You know I talk a lot about money, but I'm like money's, more important that we're taught it's not it. It's almost a necessary evil in the modern world. It is for sure yeah Oh two weeks ago or not last Sunday I was at the Amish. You know, I live with the Amish for two and a half years when I was young, so I was back there and then the next weekend, I was it here there for Vegas. It was quite a the Amish still have that kind of diverse society, not money, driven, not material, a shirt. It's kind of those are the guys with the beers and the way beards. It's not Mormons, not the opposite. Sometimes people don't believe I was there. I was like I still speak their language, but man, it's good I got to get out of the city every once in a while yeah. So let me ask you: yeah I, know a just to follow up on the items stuff. The video is back. Oh, it's back yeah! Sorry! This year there was some YouTube drama going on. Okay and one of our friends. Video got taken down and we were all just like ranting about it. But apparently it's back up like you do a new soap opera. You know if you put a hundred bucks in Bitcoin in 2010 you'd, have seventy five million dollars yeah, that's a nightmare. Someone asked me did I, do it? I was like no I wish, but like I was reading it's like yeah, you know, there's no such thing as a genius who was like I predict that boy, it's like you got lucky right, forget lucky yeah anyway, listen by the way, I'm doing a huge prize, invited 50 of the top Bitcoin crypto, guys to my house tomorrow, so I'm doing a little private dinner, because I'm more of a businessman and I want to learn more about icos and crypto. So it's gonna be see a future and all that stuff yeah I mean what the internet did. Media like disrupt, sure, Bitcoin and crypto currencies ether are gonna, disrupt it's still sovereigns than money currencies. It seems that even now, after Bitcoin and all these other crypto currencies, I've gotten like pretty famous and a lot of notoriety, I still don't know how to use that right. It's still not able to me that's when the money is there once everybody that I think it was JP Morgan or one of these old billionaires said once you're shoeshine boys, giving you advice on money, it's too late, sure and so like Bitcoin. What I never always tell people never be the first like I'm, good friends with Tom from MySpace he's actually coming along. So you had first social media platform was Friendster, didn't make any money you know. I do became an alcoholic cuz. He had turned down, thirty million bucks come on by and then it's where it was worth zero. Then Tom came along him and his buddies. They built myspace, they sold it for five hundred men. They were the second, but the third guy Mark Zuckerberg is one of the you know, almost the wealthiest guy in the world, and so with Bitcoin it's the same wave 2010 was probably the first wave I always say get in between the second and third wave, because it went three yeah I see that you know let the first guy fail become an alcoholic can possibly end until my guy who start a Victoria's Secret. He sold it for five million bucks and jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge because it turned into a billion-dollar brand, not bad right, yeah, not nothing worth ending your own life over. No, no, no I know no amount of money jump off a bridge all right. Let me ask him: okay, you were the first person that I can recall that has kind of pioneered the genre of like the self-help guru. Whatever your motivational I, don't know you refer to yourself, but you basically put your videos your ads on YouTube as video pre-rolls, yes, I mean. What can you tell me the process that led you to be like man, I think this is untapped like right, you wait for you, the second or third, or were you the person? There was some guy there's a few guys before me out showers in the second way, so you got it so yeah. There's these guys six-pack ABS, no, actually how good their business is doing, but six-pack abs will subdued some guy. They were doing like by their workout plan mm-hmm, but I wish I could say, I was smart, I would say, I got lucky and all success is like 50% skill. 50% luck, you know, I mean you need some skill. Obviously, but 2014 I mean I've been entrepreneur since I was 19, I've been doing stuff and but more behind. Look traditional business and then in 2014 I was like I was at this conference and a guy's like dude, YouTube and YouTube was already around, but it wasn't been. I was like I've learned, my mentor Alan nation told me: ty never be the first or the last to try a new idea. So I was like is someone else doing he's like yeah. This guy seems bad, so I said okay, so I went to Europe in December 2014 for New Year's Eve right before this parachuting everywhere I go man when I leave god, damn it don't [ __ ] when I leave a country or city you wanted to leave with me, but uh I come, and in that case you do want to be the first. You want to be the first out. That's right, but I had order, I've, always loved books, man and so I had ordered like 500 books. So, while I was in France, my assistant Nathan called me and he goes dude. We got a hundred new books. Couple hundred new books, no place to put them I said: buy some books. I was busy because I was like on vacation I'm like buy some bookshelves and put them in the garage. So I came back in right after New Year's and one night was a Sunday night that was like January 24th I took a phone. It wasn't this one: I still keep the phones, my lucky phone and I walk and I was gonna, go out with my friends and I. Remember my buddy Alex Mayer, who is this guy made a billion dollar business? He told me. Sometimes recreation is overrated, so I was like you know what I'm not gonna go out today, I'm at work so grab my phone and I had done some YouTube videos in December, but they they didn't. Do that good. They went they good, so I'm gonna try something new, so I had just got that Lamborghini for Halloween, so I went in there and I was like well here in my garage. Just got this brand new Lamborghini and I was pretty much I shot a few versions of it and then I posted it and I. Remember I had a conference the next you posted it. Yeah posting like January, wasn't an ad at first or was it I posted it and then I boosted it yesterday? This is pretty good. I spent like a thousand bucks to boost it right. So wait. You were you're studying the ab guys were they running ads or they were just making YouTube there's any role. Okay, so you were already interested in it yeah you made a video like hey. This is not bad. Let's try, pre rolling it even know if it was good. I was just trying everything so like trot. This is next in line sure and then I did it and man that thing all of a sudden is like and yeah and I was like. Well, apparently, people like Lamborghinis and they're surprised that I talk about books and people, and you know it was the same thing. It was like in February the next month. It's like forums are like [, __ ]. This guy is [ __ ], that's not a real Lambert. There was theories that it was a fake Lamborghini, a KITT car and all this and I was like I. Remember. One of my friends told me: for the most part, all press is good. Press and I was like just let that roll, let the conspiracies roll and yeah. Did you get more like more hate or more love? Do you get love? It all just skepticism I mean clearly people do sign up, otherwise you wouldn't keep running Bad's. So it's where I get so it it's it's funny. The negativity bias of the brain is negative. People are louder when I go out on the street. In looking in the last two years, a lot of people come up to me on the street, not not sounding to brag, but just stating the fact. I've only ever had two people come up. Negative three and I thought. I was Gary. He was like [ __ ], you Gary I, don't got that one, but people that don't like it. But my theory: here's I got a theory for the theories. People gotta have an outlet for whatever frustrates them and nothing frustrates people more than money. Right, yeah. That's so you talk about hey, you can make money there like that. Dude is now the object of all my frustration area. I, think people who generally are like oh [, __, ], this guy or whatever they think about you. Wouldn't if they'd be like oh that's time, maybe they want to come and say hi because they- and it also proves the point like the Seaboard warrior right. It's like them say hate me, but applauding my demise, they don't want to. It. Were your negative interactions, curious, almost all my online in person never but I thought. You said you had to do one of the drunk guy and one I, don't even remember what it was because I'm sure is over a girl. Oh that doesn't know, but he didn't say that. But I like asked around my friends and like I, think you dated his ex so are. There are definitely haters, but you know what happens. There's a saying that that a friend sent me Gandhi said he said. First, they laugh at you when you first start cuz I'm who you are then they hate you and then they love you it's a cycle, and now it's not, but nearly as much, because at first people were like dude, this guy rented a car for one day or this guy rented, like your whole zillow theory that people still think they're like dude. You rented it for one day: I'm like the White House is on Zillow people, don't understand, Zillow works every house and let it chill by the way I looked it up. We were at the time we're like you, definitely rented this for one day, I made because you and I've seen you around and- and you know, I've been around long enough. Like I checked the pink slips right. There leases yeah car white cars, but yeah it's leases, Elise, do people a lie: smart people lease cars because you can't release my car at least my car. You can't tax write-off a buy, no appreciate it. Alright, so so I haven't seen too many of your ads lately. Are you still doing them? Yeah, yeah? Okay? Why are you not targeting my channel Teich? It's tough out there, man. We need to take a clip or two of this yeah yeah yeah. We need to get that for your ol money. We need another lease for you. What are you lazy see now yeah? Oh, you got a test: okay, neither BMWs I. First time, I met Elon Musk I was like why? Because that's the electric BMW looking they're coming, they look a little ridiculous. Well, I! Think the BMW it's like a big block. Yvan doesn't like it. I know: I asked him. I saw him at the movies once and I walked up Thrones like what do you think of the I ain't? He goes. It's I any walk. He literally said that he's kind of funny, so I wasn't so yeah there. Nobody drive that garbage I'm entire I'm, a-tellin musk enthusiast, okay, big big fan, not that was not meant for anything. Coughing up a hairball man like a leg. Oh yeah looks like a it's a weird. Also they have superchargers, it doesn't I, don't know how long the battery rides. But it's not. It doesn't go that long. But what is this show sponsored by Tesla I wish I get your theory Kanoe conspiracy here is number 18. You know what happened once he followed me on Twitter and immediately unfollowed, really I swear to God. I got a notification that Elon Musk followed you back. Oh, that's amazing check nothing. What gives dude may break my heart? Is there anything that could possibly be misconstrued as h3h3? He had a friend named Henry and he like was typing while he drove or he was eight she's supposed to be AG yeah, it's possible I think it must have been I'm sure I saw it though I see him a lot. Last time, I saw him. We had a 30-minute conversation. He came up to me at the Game of Thrones premiere who he likes movie premiers and he goes I know you do social media. He goes, should I put snapchat I should I put Tesla on snapchat and use it to promote so I literally talk about feeling. Stupid I gave a 20-minute talk on why I thought he should and at the end I go. What do you think he goes I think you're wrong, but thank you. This guy knows more than me I disagree, but thank you. We don't need it. We're already big I disagree by now. When was it in your life that you decided to make it like your goal to to be rich right? You cuz, you kind of you seemed to be like you've accomplished a lot, but it seems to be an emphasis on the pursuit of like of money. Was there a moment when you felt the urge, like I need to I need to enable myself and have money in this way? Was there something specific problem? What is it growing up without my that much money, but I mean my original thing when I made these videos I wanted to talk about what I call the good life, which is health, wealth, love and happiness, but just everybody is fixated on the money part. Well, you may ask for more of that. Nobody, you shift their focus to show the money yeah, but I'm, saying I I had videos that weren't like that. Then they don't go with Viral sure yeah first, you know, did I tell you this. When I'm a college dropout, I went for like one semester to NC, State and I was trying to decide. I had started a little business than a consulting company and I asked my mentor at the time this guy named Allen nation he's the guy who taught me how to read a book a day and he goes I said Allen I think I need to stay in college and he goes why he I said well. People respect you. If you have a degree and I never forget it was on the phone he's from Mississippi. An old guy goes toot. I know this is America, make a million dollars. Then people will respect you so I think there's some truth to that. So I would say I'm more in the pursuit of adventure. I always have been. That's why I lived at the Amish? That's why I travel? That's why I could make more money. I got friends I'm one of my best friends dude. He just focuses on money. I realized I. Couldn't do all the adventures I wanted if I was always stressed financially and that's my main message to people yeah, not everybody's gonna be a millionaire, not everybody would he won't want to, but there was a Nobel Prize winner. His name is uh Gary Cohn, our economy, Daniel Kahneman. He says: if you're not making 72 grand a year in the United States, he can chart happiness decreasing. So you got a look at the Domino's of life like what Domino's do you have to push that make all the other Domino's fall and money is a big one, because if you're healthy, what's another one cause a divorce, not having enough money. So let me ask you yeah: what is it about being rich? That people don't expect because clearly having money can also complicate your life and unpredicted ways? Yes, so you're saying: what's the downsides, yeah? What's something maybe that people wouldn't expect to come from it yeah the downsides, really good I think I mean I'm single. So whenever you meet girls, you got to be like sometimes I'm out with a girl or like dating and I'm. Like look this girl like me, if I don't have money and sometimes the answer's, no some girls would still like I mean I've dated pretty girls before, but there's definitely a whole subsection of gold digger absolutely and same with dudes. There's dudes, who want to hang out and you're like? Is this dude a real friend or cuz? Inevitably after a day or two, it's like yo I got this business thing you want to invest in so I think that's a downside and I also think the downside is. You have to be good at being like when is enough enough, because the rust becomes an addiction and you can just make try to make money and exclude all the other stuff you need. Is there a number and you're like I've made enough now? Are you have you reached that yeah? Like now, I'd say I mean I started with a hundred bucks I figured how to make a hundred grand a year. Then I figured how am I going to grand a month. Then I figure out how to make it under grand a week now I know how to make it under grand a day or more and so now I'm more about like what are the things that don't I got this thing. 50/50 rule live 50% of your life, selfishly and 50% for the good of civilization, because here's the deal I've tried to be like, like when I lived at the Amish or doing charity stuff I've tried to be a hundred percent live for other people. You lose motivation. We need some selfish motivation to get you out of it and I've also been like a hundred percent only focused on myself and you like, lose your humanity, so I think yeah I make enough now I, don't even have to make this much well. What do you do now? You got all the money you ever dreamed of make a hundred thousand dollars a day, so you're living for you feel like you're living for adventure. Now yeah, yeah and I start new businesses like I started this Mentor box, not a push or anything like this, but it's a cool company and I work. One hour a month on it and I got a business partner in San Francisco. He does it. So when you add up all the I'm focused now like how can I make businesses like I said now, businesses are making a hundred grand a day. How can I do more than that? But without me having to do it all, but so why? Why do you feel like you need to make more money, because you say you're trying to you're trying to push beyond that? It's not about making money. Look here. Somebody said this: you want to make a million dollars help a million people. That's a good rule of thumb. You want to make a billion or so Elon Musk is trying to make more money. Trust me, I, met I, know a lot of these billionaires, even though they come off as oh. We want to help world I promise you they are selfishly driven as well, yeah and but I'm like damn. Let Elon must be more and more selfish, because the more selfish he becomes to a point. You can take it too far. The more he makes he's got this new company who's, gonna drill holes and make get rid of la traffic yeah. So you know I'm somewhat capitalistic, but sometimes capitalism sucks too. You know it shut out a lot of people a lot. You know what I'll tell you that I got a lot of things out but clearly like like. Let me ask you this yeah yeah I saw I, saw you mate recently made a video called. Are you sad, lonely or depressed? Yes, that actually seemed to do really well and I thought the message of that video was pretty pretty nice. Oh thanks! Something of the message was something like you know if you, if you're feeling depressed or anxious those are feelings telling you to change course and try something else right. So one of the comments, the top comments on that video was it's easier to be happy when you're a millionaire right. So what would you say- and actually, in fact we were looking at statistics recently in it recent episode grande people who are poor? Actually their suicide rate is higher like significantly higher. That surprised me. So what would you say to people who are both poor and depressed, yeah, I would say: yeah Joel, Salatin told me when I was 19, he said Todd, there's no change without a change of routine. So if you can somehow harness depression, anxiety, sadness and use it to go enough is enough. Today's the day when I almost always there's some depression, that's just chemical! Nothing! You need a doctor's health, but a lot of people are depressed because one way or another they got in a crappy situation. I the the top three regrets humans have or who they dated or married or didn't date number two, their education. Most people realize man, I should know a musical instrument. I should know more honest and the third thing is the career they choose. If you got a crappy job, there's a good book happiness hypothesis, which basically goes through and says, for example, if you're an unhappy relationship, there's no meditation, no yoga, you can do you're gonna be unhappy, so you got to get out of the chronic issue. Yeah, that's chronic! Yeah! You put a tack in your shoe and you feel the pain you feel the pain. Every time you walk, you can't just ignore it. You know share what you want to hear something. So what do you do if you're poor you're out there you're miserable you're poor, seems like you can't you're at McDonald's or whatever entry-level job? It's hard like? How do you step up in life? How do you improve your own situation when you're you're depressed you're broke? It's like what do you do? You know and then you've got ty on youtube selling this. You know 69 style, [, __, ], no I'm gonna say that right, 69 steps or whatever, but like what do you? What do you know is is is your: is your program gonna help this person? What can they do because there's a lot of people out there these days shit's rough right, yeah like seriously? Is it it's easy? They says to you, it's easier to be happy when you're a millionaire like how do you respond to that person? Yes and no I do think you bring the happiness today. Some happiness is genetic I've, seen lots of depressed millionaires and shitty people that have money. Man I live in Beverly Hills now I was born in the ghetto in Long Beach, and you find super happy people that are not so wealthy but I would say, there's truth to financial stresses, a nasty one in the model. Well, if you worried about paying the rent- and it's you got to ten days to do it, it dominates every other part. So I would say you know. I argue I, give you I think the most important tip is. If you can change your social circle even a little bit. Success rubs off like there's an I'm, not a dumb guy but I'm, not as smart as Elon Musk, but my brains wouldn't have helped if I hadn't changed my environment, so I did big things like I'd left. The city and I went to this farm Joel Salatin, who was a successful guy in a peaceful setting, and it made me way happier in danger setting yeah change your environment man. People are depressed, hang out with a whole bunch of press people. I agree with that, with the change of setting change of friends, sometimes yeah I, think I. Think it's true yeah I mean I. Think your analogy about walking around with the tack in your shoe right is a good one like if you're, that, if shits that bad for you right just try something new completely new. Yes, you know what I say when I die, I say everybody should have I call this your tombstone goal. What would you want on the grave? Your grave I know it's a little more of a thought, but just go with me here, because Warren Buffett says to figure out where you learn the more you learn among other edition of that. But he says: if you want to know what you should do at 20, you gotta go what what to get I'm. Sorry, if you want to know what let's say, you're 20 years old- and you want to be successful by 30 right- you have to work in Reverse if I want to be successful in 30, what would I be doing at age 29 and what I'll be doing 20 and you work yourself backwards to today and I think that when you reverse engineer success, one of those things is for every person. I've ever met. There's a good book on this called good to great by Jim Collins, it's a famous business book and he basically says successful. People are lucky, but not how you think, because people think you're lucky like you inherit money or you launch an app and it goes viral. He said in his studies of the top success in the last 50 years. It's who they bumped into so my biggest lucky thing was like jump bumping into Joel Salatin who's. This like down-to-earth super entrepreneur, yet farmer, guy sure and I grew up on I'm in the inner city and then a mobile home and all of a sudden. This guy opens my brain to like know, there's a whole nother universe, sure, yeah and so yeah I mean if you want to get lucky, get lucky on who you bump into that makes sense. To me, too I mean I can say that about ourselves, yeah and the times we've been successful. It's always been I. Think that's good. You expect it growing up. I had this like group of friends that I I felt kind of like, and you know neither of us was gonna go anywhere. Right was always this like depressing kind of setting. This rose like an island. It is just yeah, but I I really agree with that, because I think I ended up, I didn't intend for it, but I end up meeting Ethan and then yeah. You know I moved right, completely change, setting and I think that did a lot. It's like wasn't intentional in my head, but thinking about it. So what can you do? Well, I? Guess you have to be open to it right, everybody wins! You got to go with the flow. You know Charlie Munger, who I like the most so I've never met, but the number one god like to meet his old 93 year old guy. He says it's a rare life, that's bathed in an opportunity. Most of us only get a few chances right when you see the chance jump on it right because what happens is- and this is one of the things that I hope my youtube videos do. My main goal with the YouTube video is not necessary by my program. Does that that it's to be like change from 100% skeptics cynic to a little bit of optimism? It's okay to be cynical, because there's a lot of I think they exclude each other. I mean I, don't consider myself a cynic and I and all that's riced you're balanced right, it's kept being skeptical is a good quality, in my opinion, yeah, but you're skeptical, but yeah I. Think you're, confusing skepticism with like pessimism, yeah, but I think some people are 100 percent you're, not a hundred percent. You came at me yeah, we're like. Let's see if this I guess I guys, really they all sure yeah. You see what I'm saying so you take action, that's somewhat awful I think yeah I'm, five flexible cynicism, yes yeah and the truth is in society. You need some people who are like 70% skeptic but I'm sure that being a hundred percent skeptic, you miss out on big stuff, just think about Bitcoin. What I was saying: yeah 2010 I was too much of a cynic. People were telling about 100 bucks. I've been doing all this work for bucks. Well, that's 75 million yeah. But if you invest in everything everyone's ever talking about you'll be broke, that is true, but it doesn't change the way I sometimes I wish I was just that puppy dog person who just loved everyone, accepted everything. Just my autumn life. You know my cynicism makes me [ __ ] miserable yeah. It serves a purpose. You have a whole following that needs to hear your thing. I'm just saying the day balance man I know: family is same with making money. I don't want. Oh I was saying my tombstone goal: I don't want it to be this dude had money, I want it to be honestly. This guy was a mad scientist and that's what I kind of feel like like I said: I go from I'm and I go there's another and now I end up in Beverly, Hills and I'm on social media. I hope that that doesn't define the rest of my life like I'm doing something else crazy, maybe I'm on you. I must rocket ship with you. My friend, are you happy now that you've been achieved success as you set out like now that you have money that you have success, that you look alright yeah I do feel like I'm, happy, happy sever was living at home and she's been downhill since then, but I don't only live her happiness say that again, I think the happiest ever was when I lived at the office. Awhile I just lived there. Why that's why I always farm one year ago and I was just there last week. So what I do I? Don't think it's realistic for me to become Amish, because it's a full-on, you can be anything you're. A millionaire you've got time yeah. But what are you I'm? Not I, don't believe they have they're. Very religious I, don't on the same religion, so I'd be a hypocritical one, so I can't really be on I think part of being happy. There is also like knowing what they there's possibility, still ahead yeah. But let me tell you this I'm gonna tell you something: cool you're gonna like this there's a test I'm my number one, real passion is psychology by the way, not money. If I and I'm launching this personality test with dr. David buss who's, the number one evolutionary psychologist, he wrote the books for Harvard and on it there's a test called the dark triad test. Okay, there's three dark attributes: humans have narcissism, Machiavellianism and being psychotic. Okay, I test I test people in LA, I've tested tens of thousands of people. You can't believe how [ __ ] up people are in cities when I go to the Amish. If I don't even need to give them the test, they would score. It's a one, two hundred scale, a hundred being you're insane they get like they will get zero zero. That makes sense because they're in a community they know each other, they all love each other. There was imagine being there's no possible time, yeah yeah, that makes yeah. Everyone cares about you, everyone. Yes, you can have some of my [ __ ] corn, bread, yeah, whatever corn, bread. This city is kind of hell on earth. You know yeah cuz we're just millions of us there's only like half a million jobs, yeah and more crazy people move here, every girl, every guy that thought they were talented and beautiful their lie to you we're going to. How do you feel you rate on that test, I've taken it I'm moderate, on narcissism, I'm like not great and not horrible? How do you? How do you approach this test? Honestly dude? It's such a well done test. They trick you, you want to hear something: crazy, I've had thousands of people and this one girl brought her friend about six months ago. So her friend takes the test. We're playing basketball is like take this test. I make everybody take. It says she got the worst score known to mankind. She got a hundred one hundred ninety-five said to her. Joking I was like. But what are you? Would you strangle a puppy like 20, not know it's tricky they'll do things like give our parties better when you get there, that's a very Narcis thats like a narcissist. Would anyone yeah that seems like such people? You can't believe mental problem. Every wall, every problem objectively parties get better when I'm there. This girl I said, do I said you I was just joking. My best was like you've killed, someone haven't you, she got she completely quiet, so I I pulled her aside. We talked for one hour in my backyard and she told me I'm the first person she ever admitted she killed somebody. She was bullied she's from Chicago and she's, like I hit a girl, the pipe behind the head, she's like she's, either dead or in a coma hood and and now yes, see you later, I was no cuz. Don't hang out with the hundreds on that test time? What you do is you never want to be like I, never want to see you again, because they're kind of psychotic I might be number two I was like that's awesome, I'm more. You want to see something funny on my phone. I have so many texts that I that's had to do, but take this and I change their name to block. So let me know my decide watching. W security block block block I love that it'll change your security tonight. What time man you got lets people don't cut enough people off so anyway, those more people don't like 83 74 I'm like tricky [, __ ]. Is this how you [ __ ] measure the people in your life, how they real, no I, don't judge lock, they judge themselves. One of the questions is I feel like you have to be stupid to fill that testimony yeah. Alright, it's so that's the whole point. Do you ever want the craziest question that people sometimes answer are strongly agree? Do you enjoy picking on losers? People like yes, yes, that you're an idiot. If you answer yes, bull you're, like I'm I, don't want to embarrass myself, but there's stupid bullies out there. So, basically you have to be stupid and evil to fail this test. So there's no there's some false negatives, but no false positives. Okay, I love it. So anyway, you got you, you failed. The narcissism part Donna film, right, I'm right in the middle I'm, like between your 46 and 51. So not where I like then Machiavellian is like 35. What does that mean? You've roll with the iron fist fear? No, it's it's yeah, it's more like sneaky. Okay, so save one thing like if you ever meet somebody who says to your face: I call: you are you and then goes and talk behind your back Machiavellian. Do you change people in your phone to block hell yeah by the way? I do agree that that I think generally people need to block out negative people from their life. It's too hard. You try to be a good person. Try to be compassionate patient with people. You know are like toxic, but sometimes you just gotta, say bye-bye and sometimes in your family that I doubt it yeah. Everybody has one psychopath in their family mark my words make him take the test. I have six brothers I had one whom I taken. That I know has the most mental problems he scored super high on the second one Machiavellian, which is sneak changed his name to block no, no, my brother. No, he goes oh. This is stupid. I'll just take it again and lie and answer the questions differently and I was like. You just proved the point of the damn test: oh no fail! Yeah literally, he didn't see all right. Listen, we're gonna, take a commercial break! Okay, guys! Please be patient. We will be back preciate, you, god bless you with Tai Lopez, stay tuned and now a quick thank you to our sponsors. First of all, I'm talking about and the ante. You know that stands for movement. This watch here is a slammin hot item. Okay, MVM t watches movement was founded on the belief that style shouldn't break the bank. The watchmakers gold has changed the way consumers think about fashion by offering that high-quality minimalistic product at a revolutionary price and these guys have sold over a million watches. Ok, you could say what you want about me, but when you've sold a million watches, you can't say anything you, let's show them your watch. I'm angry. That is such a good deal. Can you calm down? No I'm freaking out I have been wearing mine today and I. Really like it. I'll show you take it off. Look in the department store. This thing is gonna run you four or five hundred bucks, but you know who doesn't charge that movement because they cut the middleman out and they charge you four to five times less starting at $95, I'm best driver thing: it's got an adorable screwdriver. What more do you need to say so you can adjust it like. I always need to adjust it because I gotta go with the smallest option here. He'll is an elegant, beautiful lady, and with this watch I mean look how elegant and tasteful it's over-the-top I was sold with a screwdriver. So it's basically it's a hundred dollar screwdriver and also comes with a watch. But honestly it's a really sturdy, wonderful, build. It looks great. It feels great. They started just 95 bucks guys and you get 15% off today with free shipping free returns by going to nvm t.com, slash h3, that's right. They have two URLs. Apparently you can also go to mV. Mt, watches, calm, slash to h3, I! Think the first one is more intuitive: just go there, MVM t.com, slash ashley movement. You will not regret it because these guys have sold a million of them, so they know what they're doing clearly. So thank you to them. Appreciate you and thank you -. You know him. You love him. It's Dollar Shave Club that KF / H 3. Listen. We all know that Dollar Shave Club makes the best razors in town- that's not debated by anyone. But did you know that they're also making body wash shampoo hair gel lip balm? They didn't write it here, but they also make baby wipes. I didn't forget, mm-hmm, that's the highlight of their lineup for me personally, so I'm saying guys get real. They do it all the best and when you can finish yourself off with the Dollar Shave Club baby wipe one wipe Charlie, then you know they've got something going on well, we Charlie think baby was the guy who pioneered it. It's his wife, listen I hate going to the store and shopping for gel I use a lot of hair gel, but razor is all this stuff. You know it's so annoying. It's expensive, the clerk's. They don't know what they're doing you as like a nightmare, go to Dollar Shave Club. They got everything for a limited time. They're offering the [ __ ] shower shave, starter kit. You have to respect that. This promo is literally called [. __ ] shower shave. It's 5 bucks, guys you get the executive razor with three trial, sized versions of their most popular products, that includes shave, butter body wash and a one wiped. Charlie butt wipes I'm a huge proponent of butt. Wipes I cannot support that enough as a product I have changed my life. For me, it's like a paradigm shift. You know that is a baby wipe for me. I'm just telling you and these guys make the best ones your finger won't even slip through. You won't finger your [ __ ] or anything you might like that, but do that in a separate time you will also receive their executive razor, which includes the cartridge you get replacement. Blades. Oh sorry, scratch that after the first box, replacement cards are sent for only a few bucks a month, but you get it first blade I mean I will use that for months months. Right, it's true! So guys if you want the butter the shape the bought wipes go to dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3, that's dollarshaveclub.com, slash h3! Thank you for supporting us and thank you to their about white line of product. And finally, we have quip lists and guys when you're done wiping your ass with the babes. When you're done, you got your hot new watch on you're ready to go, get coitus at the club. Don't forget to brush your teeth. You're! You disgusting monster people, don't brush their teeth, I, don't understand bad breath, but here's some that will guarantee you never have bad breath a grant quit here's something that you want. Recent studies suggest having good oral health and backs your overall health. Yet most of us don't even brush our teeth properly. You could start brushing better today introducing quit the new company. That's refreshing. The way people brush their dang teeth quit is an electric toothbrush that packs a premium. Vibration, hmm and timer features into a ultra slim design, that's half the cost of bulkier brushes. It's basically like Apple designed a toothbrush, it's a weird analogy, because apples like overpriced, but it is sleek and this it's basically all the good parts of Apple and not all the bad parts of Apple in a toothbrush you can even subscribe to new brush. You can even subscribe to receive new brush heads on a dentist recommended three-month plan. It's just five bucks, including the free shipping, guys quip, is backed by leading dentist and named one of Time Magazine's best invention of 2016 and apparently Oprah loves it too. Really Oprah's 2017 new list olace. She calls it the O list, I'm psycho, it vibrates, I trust Oprah. The O face list anyway, guys. Listen, this electric toothbrush, that I swear by I am obsessed with oral hygiene. This thing and vibrates it brushes it gets in there bite starts at 25 bucks. You can't get a good toothbrush for that price. That vibrates not right now go to quip calm, slash h3, to get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's right, free, go to get quip, GE, tqu, IP, doc, slash age; three, that's GE! Tqu IP come slush, H, three guys. If you're in the market for a watch for some baby wipes some razors or an electric toothbrush, please consider supporting our sponsors. It helps us out. You use all those three products in combination. You will be receiving coitus. My friend, that is my guarantee of you yeah! It's like a it's like a scientific. It's not it doesn't sound sexy. No, it's coitus, but you'll get it. That's my personal guarantee that is not backed by cash. But anyway, let's get back into the show. With your boy ty, who probably uses all these products he's very presentable, so see you guys there welcome back to the h3 podcast here with Tai Lopez Tai. Let me ask you: yes: do you [ __ ] like crazy? That's it that's an interesting question. What is the definition of [ __ ] like crazy? What do you think about your well? It could mean you have one girl that you sleep with a lot or you could have a lot yeah. Do you spread your seed? No I read that uh one out of seven I have before I knew had sex on average and once or twice how are you yeah I mean yeah. Yes, I shouldn't have brought up that twitch quote. I saw another one about green cush. What are you uh, green cush? Do you like crazy? You know what I'm not anti you plays weed, but when I do it I feel like it takes me a month to come back to normal I feel the same way. I hate smoking yeah. It worked great for some people, yeah he's my dog does Greg Wiz Kalifa. These guys seem to be more creative. You know you got to test everything for yourself. It doesn't work, nothing works for everybody, I agree. You know what it is. I think these guys have been smoking so long right that it doesn't affect them anymore. Right, I bet, one Snoop was 17 when he started blazing. He was like man. I am feel like such an [ __ ] right now, right, 10 years later, he's like it's all good baby, yeah he's hollering smut. He must have to smoke a jungle, man, yeah I'm sure he does but yeah it's not for me, but hey. It's like cat cats to eat. What's his name, Katt Williams, like man, if you're broke, if your jaw I don't have a job I, don't if you're and you're, not smoking, weed I do not know what you're doing those are the best times to smoke. When you literally have nothing important to do with the same times that it's good to play. World of Warcraft and [ __ ], like that I think you should do it also when you're like old yeah, because then you don't care about your brain you're got Alzheimer's or your degenerate. Let's simulate Alzheimer's yeah be relaxing I. Think that's the time to smoke. Let me ask you what pisses you off the most in life? Oh man, it's Eve, annoying people that learn slow, I mean I like like dumb just be honest because you don't have to be super IQ to get fit like there's a saying, I like three types of people in the world. One makes things happen. Second, watches things happen and third wonders what happened like half the I: don't care if you're not doing stuff, but people don't like people. How do you forget a dumb person? Because you can't really blame like a person for being dumb yeah but I'm? Saying e IQ is like a glass or like this bottle, it's the capacity for intelligence. So you could have a high IQ and only fill the bottle up halfway. Trust me, I know high IQ people that are morons I have a high IQ friend PhD. He said Thai I need to borrow a hundred 50 grand, because my friend in South America said if I sent him a hundred fifty grand to export TVs there he'll give me three hundred grand back on Friday. This was a Monday I said dude. No, you ain't. This is when I was a skeptic. I said somebody who promised to double your money. Exporting [, __ ] to South America by Friday I said so. I gave him 10 grand just to be a friend. I was like nine, give me home for you. He went and found all these other people got a hundred two grand put it come. Friday I said where's the money said all the friend just called me. He said he doesn't I, have it on Friday, but he's gonna have for me on Monday. That was ten years ago, but you said that's when you were a skeptic, healthy skepticism, but now like now, I'd be the same. No, my point is he's a high IQ guy, doing stupid, stuff. Sure so. I think that dumb is somewhat subjective. Obviously, some people like Elon Musk, your buddy, is good for something for a second he's like one piece, probably 155, IQ, that's what Bill Gates is. If you use the stanford-binet test that it's probably that range, what's your IQ I, never say, but it's I've been in Mensa since I was six, so I'm high enough to be in Mensa, which now is lower. You know how you know how what is real, our Mensa, what cuz they tell you cuz! That's the joke! What's the joke about, you know someone who's Apple because they felt the joke. Like the dentist's told on your show, they were telling me how to dentist that well very funny. No, no there's more yeah, yeah, I guess I gotta watch that episode I thought it was kind of funny about jumpin landed. It was a Cobra. Was a joke about Mensa. You know how you know the old men's, a joke. Listen that's been circulating around the planet. You know how you you know how to tell if somebody's a Mensa, I, yeah, cuz they'll, tell you. How does that money I mean I felt like a brag yeah, but you asked me first, alright, I ruined the joke. Sorry no yeah, it may have been totally I. Don't know. Podcast is to know there are men, so jokes that have spread throughout America they're out there. Man I got a monitor three I, so I don't know if I'm an intelligent person I've off your story, I can peel hope. It was like you you're, not dumb, you're, smart I. Don't think I would rate well on an IQ test me and you're, not as smart as Elon Musk. Well, you know, yeah I mean you've, never seen my results. Basically, if you have 155 IQ, you do crazy, crap, but I. Don't like I say the IQ is like it's like moving shapes and recognizing patterns and I. Think I would do really bad on IQ verbal IQ. You have AI. Is there verbal IQ tests? The stanford-binet test is verbal and then spatial is basically spatial. So I would feel that yeah. My IQ on spatial is decent, but I have higher verbal. You have high verbal IQ. That's why you can be. That's why you're going on YouTube? That's why you're witty that's? Why you got this I, don't know how is it I call it? The Zillow I got the Zillow conspiracy vibe. This is more good press for little known fact. That's one of the sponsors or Zillow. Tell me you're failing the spatial awareness test. I could play just okay, but my one of my my step-grandfather, my grandma got remarried at 80. She died when I was 8 cool I. Like that a lot you can always find love optimism. She wasn't a cynic. Was she smoking weed? No she's 99? Was she [ __ ], like oh she's, still Wow, so that's 20 years gone well, he died. She's outlived, two men, men just died. What's wrong with us, women just outlive us right. Did you know the number one predictor of being in your hundreds? Is being a woman? Really yeah fall apart. You know it closely killer. So what do you think about the men's rights movement? Have you heard about that yeah most people, think of it. Well, let me preface that yeah I want to I. Don't want to take you on ism yeah, it's not anti feminism. The way that I understand mints right is stuff like because most people think of it as like the anti feminism. But it's like men die. You know younger there. There have their more depressed. The divorce process is completely against men. Yeah, that's true! The courts are favored against women. Yep men are more suicidal right so so like there seems to be some trends where yeah you know, maybe maybe it's harder for men in some ways, right yeah. What do you think about that? I? Think almost every injustice in the world at some level, I'm big on evolutionary psychology is rooted in DNA, so men die younger because I just tested. My my testosterone is around 1,100, my cousin out there Mya we did her blood. She came back at 30. I was like we gotta, send us back, it's broken and the labs like nope women, so men, you know I have 30 40 times higher DNA testosterone. The nourisher testosterone is what makes you drive your cat fart your far to cast your car too fast. No, but it makes you get in barroom fights. Almost all serial killers are men, almost all murders are men sure, so some of its di I think a lot of things. We think it's the same thing with feminists, saying that it's in unjust that women don't get paid as much as men, which is true, but it's still rooted in evolution. Women have estrogen, it makes you not care as much about conquering. If women ruled the world there wouldn't be Wars there just be. You know someone that there'd, be you don't believe that there'd be moody he's not talking to come on there be war, is if women rode the world. Less women have wage wars less. There have been some queens. Well, that's such a that's such a ridiculous, hypothec 'el! It's like Amazonians, you seen those man, those what Matt do you have country of Amazon? No man look kim jeong-hoon, but there's something. Do you think there's something to it like that courts automatically by by default think that women deserve the right custody of children, even if they're like addicts yeah, I'm not be. I think the court systems are messed up on a lot divorce yeah. I think it should just be fair. You look at the situation, there's no preconceptions about gender and you go. Who would be the better person? You hate feminists, no I'm kidding whatever you're the one advocating the pro man's rights? No I agree that I just I. Don't know why clean my record, we were done with him. Yeah a people's rights. People have been paid under the table. Oh man, feminism I'm, just in favor of people helping people. Let me ask you: what's the worst someone's ever screwed you over? Ah, that's a good question. I'd say you know: I've been lucky in business, I mean the worst. It's probably a non business stuff business I feel like I'm, so I'm more focused, so I try to weed people out early dating. What's the worst day, eating thing I got kicked out of the Bellagio I couldn't go to for a while. Oh my I dated this girl like once or twice, and she came to visit me in Canada, and she had some like. She brought like some shady friends. I. Remember, like oh, the hell and one time I walked in my hotel room and they were in there taking money out of my suitcase and I was in such shock. Like I was like what you know it takes you water yeah and they took off down the hall. They ran. I got on her like one date she had been there like took off with this dude I ran and bucking like crazy as a man. They went right at the exit. I like basically I, didn't quite tackle, I didn't tackle the girl, but the guy, and then the police came and thought I started it and they took me downstairs of blasio I couldn't go to the Bellagio for quite a while liked it so much so much yeah, but they didn't believe me because they're like no, we didn't this guy just ran us down and tackled us, so so nothing to go to that Bellagio. You know what it's been long enough. That was like seven years ago. They got your face like [, __ ], the Bellagio I never go there. Yeah I was just staying at staying everybody tweet at the Bellagio I'm [ __ ] in LA. How dare you [, __, ] ass times, I Lopes and hashtag men's rights? Yes, so the security guards like mm yeah. It is ugly dude. We got this girl I, take them to the basement. They took me to a basement. You see I'm serious. They have like a whole like jail holding cell down there, it's a little wrong. It was I mean I, would I guess people are rowdy, Vegas yeah, you don't [ __ ] around there yeah you gamble a little bit, I told you lose like I just play for fun. Man blackjack is like a money hole, it's a black hole of money. We've went there with friends, they do high-rolling. Yes, and it's like you go up. Even if you go up it sucks it out. You people that come they go yeah you sit there. All night people come to put thousands down they're killing it all the money's gone. It's just it's so fast that they just lose thousands in like a minute, a guy told I was there. You know three days ago or whatever and I asked the dealer. What's the worst she's seen, he said a guy losses like a hundred and ten grand in like three minutes. It's it and he's like the guy. Didn't have a lot of money and he's like I feel I was probably kids, his kids school, the mortgage. That's gotta be hard to see, and you know it's funny when you're up you tip them right, you're on, don't feel nice and then, when all your money's gone, yeah I just tipped you a thousand but they're so annoying like I, mean there's more rules than ever. There was a guy at our table who had a spit thing. Tobacco and the guys like that is against the rules. Yeah people come up and watch they were [ __, ] mail, cuz I was cursing yeah rules and not let people smoke right in front of you. I'm like this is what's wrong with the world. It's like marijuana is illegal, but alcohol I mean in a lot of places, but alcohol is it and alcohol 70% of murders, somebody's drunk, Oh alcohol, bad decisions, life. You know in in Vegas I, don't know if this is true. I know, I think it was like 10 years ago. I don't know if has changed in Vegas smoking weed is oil. Now it's legal in Nevada, right, yeah, just below before this billboard. When you come in it's life for all your cush needs, so [ __ ]. So that's different now, but it used to be that marijuana was like a like. A felony right and cocaine was a misdemeanor yeah cuz they're like come here, drink at all, coked out. You know how many people are [, __ ] in prison right now, rotting away. You cannot fab I, just as a drug charge, anything man because being poor I made money. The black latin Puerto Rican I just read the story of Attica from the night. You know in 1960s this whole riot thing I mean dude. They used to lock people up. These guys were put in Attica ice, a little prison isolation chamber for breaking parole at 17, 13 years old yeah. If I have, if I have one bone to pick like what the American with America's incarceration isn't. The word for murder, sent yeah of all Americans are in prison. I read that the Missouri Missouri Supreme Court froze was a few years ago froze on death row because once DNA came out, 10 to 20% of people were instantly Pru. You got a death-row live, they didn't do anything. That's it yeah, I, just I just started a little I gave some money to a guy. Randomly I read a paper article. This is a month ago. He just got out of prison he'd been in there since 1994 for a rape. Dna came out that he is a zero chance. He came out and they gave him $100. That is [ __ ] $100 is what he got from the state. It's hard to be outraged, it's so unjust. What it's! Oh! And it's always because that's what I'm saying when you don't have money. If you can't get a good lawyer by the way you got a good chance, you're gonna go to prison. It's right. Women can just be like dude, rape, me and course just like okay, let's lock them up yeah, it's crazy! Clearly, that's a sensitive statement right because a lot of times it's true right, yeah, but it's way, but the the issue with justice is. If there's any doubt you don't welcome us, because it's better to lock up let free hundred your guilty people than one innocent person right, that's the guiding, but that's not just now. No it's drugs. People went in there for drug I mean it. You should have go to prison for smoking, weed it's [, __, ], sick, even even most drugs is a sickness man. People, my brother right, one of my brothers, got addicted to heroin at age 14 and now he works for me. Yeah he's clean sober for like a year yeah we have a different mom, it's my half-brother, but man. It brought them down a track, it's hard to get back from, and when you, you have to ask yourself there's two types of people in the world: there's just people that are so [ __ ] up. You are never going to fix them and those people you got to keep away. You know people eating people, cannibal yeah, violent criminals yeah. This is the only people should be locking yes and then the rest of the people. You try to that's why I said Farms man, they should put them get a big farm up in Montana, not much around put people to work. Do that I love it get in touch with nitrous for president no hell. No you for president no nope, why you think you could do better than Donald Trump I. Think I had wants delusions of running for public office really, but I think Trump around it become like it's like a meme. Now, like celebrities running for office right you've got Sir, Ronald Reagan right, you have Arnold Schwarzenegger right, you've got you've, so many celebrities. Now and now we have one, that's a president right. It was like a reality star previously and it's just like people are tired of it. There I think I, don't want to know. Oprah would be insurance. Well, I, haven't and I heard she might be. President was like I'm, serious Oprah's. Think if she said she's not gonna do it, but whenever people say I'm, not gonna, do it that's when they do it. I, don't know I feel about that. I know about Oprah. Oprah would be. She said, she's the first youngest billionaire woman, she's haikyuu, she's, smart, but she's. Also. This is what my babies need to know about like world politics before you get in like the bullpen. Do you think most of the presidents knew that my you think George W Bush knew that much about politics. I mean he's the guy he's. It was a good. You ever see that interview where George W Bush was asked. Who was the pillar of Afghanistan and he goes the general and the guy goes Jen. What's his name and he goes general video, he must have the best SEO guys they took D index that [ __ ]. For like five minutes, the general Lai Macau is bushy and look for the day. If you find that his greatest lowers W Bush, the George W. In retrospect, the guy had low verbal IQ. That is probably true, I liked his dad. Yes, his dad was popular I liked H Bush I, like Bill Clinton cuz. He was he was just like. Like Willie yeah I got [ __ ]. He did he did for all you twitch people. Please comment, oh my god, Bill Clinton bucks, Hillary Clinton. She is not as dynamic as bill. Clearly, not no bill. Is she lost? You know: Bill Clinton, true story, not a humble brag, but kind of cool I was driving to San, Diego and Maya goes ty. Pull over I got a FaceTime you and I'm like what I pull over and Bill Clinton FaceTime me and she was with Bill Clinton my cousin. She was in Vegas gambling, but then believe it or not. Oh that's kind. We taught it books cuz. You know I always talk books with these guys. So he told me his favorite books and Hillary told me her favorite book and Ilan told me you won't. Okay. Yes, tell me, you think about you on more about you on don't care about this [ __ ]! Don't care about presidents! These guys are presidents are not important. You've seen Bill Clinton looks like a raisin. Don't tell me about you. Supple and young looks like a raisin. All good, don't care about him. Okay, all right, I've, never thought of him. That way, but Rob looks like one of these dancing reasons. I was at the HBO. This is a cool little story. I got a video, I haven't posted I'm gonna, send it to you and as a Golden Globes, and he was there and I walked up to him and I said we met before I said Elon. What is your favorite book and why and his wife / girlfriend was with them and she pulled him away. She's like we gotta go, we gotta go wait a bit. Oh sorry, yeah go ahead. This is your man yeah eeehm, yeah Ely. He only [, __ ], the hottest woman in the world. Elon Musk yeah he's more one girl guy. No, he [ __ ] yeah, but he's like Batman. You know how Batman always had like the side. Chick, oh yeah, man, yeah, he's Batman yeah. He does all right with the women, but I said: don't watch your favorite book when a guy keeps saying by the way. What do you think he said? I I, don't know I, don't know tell me he goes Lord of the Rings really and then his wife. What a sweet little way? Okay, so he goes out with us and I was walking away. I said why and he walks away and I'm, like that's the end. I had my little video camera two minutes later, he comes back and he goes I got to tell you why. Apparently, this is a big subject for him. He goes because this moral of the story is, you should try something, even if you might fail. That's cute I thought that was cool well clearly, also because it's a help, because it's very rough, you would be more touched by that. You were not touched by that I feel like your cynicism, can be, can be I. Do like optimized by his optimism. I feel like you can't tell the moral again now you miss it once you uses a business world, your snooze, you fail, you try, you have. He said you should do something, because apparently you can boil down the entire Lord of the Rings. To that. That's what he did. Your legend you're, your hero, your Lord, it's a great book, I'm gonna, send you a signed. Autograph ima, say sorry about the data. Follow alright, here's the clip by the way, oh he's on like wait. Wait it's in a room! Is this really it please tell me this: is it turn it up? How did you find we have the best interns in the world here at this time we have people, you wouldn't believe mence. The scales off the change is, is that's the third Mensa test. You have facial verbal and you can you crank it? Yes. Can I snapchat this? For one second, am I allowed to snap yeah. You can do that here, hey, hey everybody entice. Are you going? Oh hey, who still uses snapchat? Why are we all glowing? Hey he's got that glow filter, no filter? Okay. When I hear this yeah, this goes in at the timeline. Yeah Ali, the new Pakistani general just been elected, he's not elected. This guy took over office. He appears he's gonna, bring stability to the country and I. Think that's good news for the 700, even general I can't name the general know, there's a longer one where he literally, they asked him 10 the general look in a way. In a way you got to respect George because he was, he was very forthcoming with his ignorance, I'm surprised, you write your George yeah, no I, don't know because at the time I hated him, but in retrospect he seems like a gentle kind, so I got I've, appreciated, he's painting, he's pretty bad yeah and find a Clinton. There exist first, they laugh at you. Then they hate you and then what do they do? The goal is to not be a fan. They may be a mouse president. That's when your love, George, Bush, drunk at a wedding. Have you seen this it's hard, not to love the guy. Honestly, let me show you this close, hey he's for the people. This is. This is turning the George Bush only in America, but a couple like that be allowed to unite this being election here. You know they're, wonderful people, very Monday people, but give me one little story about Jamie, very, very boring person that guy's so important that he can't be known he's part of the Illuminati. You know one of the things from h3h3 is people are convinced. I'm in the Illuminati I did a Twitter poll, sixty percent of people say yes or not sure well, I, like that, not sure there's, actually people out there going kind of on the fence on that thing, yeah I'm on the fence, I, don't like! Do you think the Illuminati uses Twitter polls, but you're hiding the lion's den? Don't you understand Dan this mic keeps breaking this mic doesn't like me. So let me ask you: is that, like the press right things you're like he's not in the he says, he's in the law, not in the loominatee? Therefore, I cannot take the Illuminati in front of me. Do you believe in and do you believe in my secret organizations like that I think that secret organizations used to be more powerful before cellphones now, with cell phones, anything secret, somebody's going to snap it it's hard to do a conspiracy? That's it because if you have an in in a room, all the ex-presidents, whoever like they do it Bohemian Grove I mean these guys all respect the no cellphone rule, yes nah, but somebody's doing it. You know I went to this music thing. The other day and they put our phones in pouches mmm-hmm, you know what people did. I was in the bathroom, they were cutting the pouches, it was Rihanna's dinner, cuz, Dave Chappelle was posting and he doesn't want anyone to steal, with Joe I've heard that he may and I'm like they're like give us your phone at the door I'm like. Ah no, this has all my business on it. She's like well, you ain't getting in so I went to my assistant. Go give me your phone I handed there. That's my Machiavellian side. Yes, family, not one family, that's actually smart! We went to like a Hell's Kitchen showing with Justin and they yeah they made like Oh Timberlake yeah show no justice right. Why did you see because I'm trying to think what Justin wouldn't want a phone there? It's usually not like just in your neighbor, it's like when you come over my house to watch a game, we're locking up phones. What was the Hell's Kitchen thing? Yeah I, you just met. You were in Hell's, Kitchen, New York. No, we were at. We were at a screening of the show, Hell's Kitchen I made us remove our phones, it's just so dumb and then he'll of people were just I was like oh [, __ ], oh good. Twenty years, we're gonna laugh about those kids and I'll be like they used to make you not snap, because, like everything's gonna be live-streamed right, you think so. Yes, well anyway, they were saying and hide. Your phone and I was like being all serious about it. Like holy [, __, ] and like half the people are out, got the record. Yeah yeah, some people, man, those Machiavelli ins, new country, I, got there's confusion about you. Yes, you're rich, but my question is before you are rich and you're teaching people how to be rich because you're rich, how did you get rich? It's like a catch-22: I started: I've started tons of businesses. You were on a couch, it's on a couch. First was first step.you business was a food business; okay! Well, wait: I, leased a farm leasing, at least a farm and I got an investor to put in sixty thousand dollars and we raise cattle, and my first body meets someone who invest $60,000 in you. That's him. It was a farmer. It was another farmer, it was a Joel Joel Salatin. He put 60 grand and I made $12,000 in one year. That's my first profit wasn't much. I start I took that money. I traveled around the world to meet smart people, I went to Australia, I went to South America Chile I went to India, I went to Ireland wherever I could find smart people and then my second business was a consultant. What do you mean you get off the planer in Ireland. I literally, would like email people won't be like I read your book. I would really like to learn from you interesting and you it submit. You were asking. What should someone do who's like broke or has a job at McDonald's? They hate you'd, be amazed if you email ten people that you think are out of your league. I promise you one or you know my friend, Frank Luntz I told him. This I gave a talk on this. This is like 2012, I said email 10 most important people want to write you back. Guess who wrote them back I? Should you not Elon Musk, [, __, ] I need to write. He had lunch with you because part of it was he had this really hot assistant, so he sent a picture I think he had her send email and then he tagged along my Corellian, pretty slick man that man melody he's like doom and he came back like two weeks later. He's like dude want to see my lunch with the alarm later. My lawn must just had lunch with some pleb yeah, but he brought the girl. It was a short lunch. I was 20 minutes with I. Don't like that story, yeah wait! Wait you don't like that story. Did he ever talk to the girl to anything happen with the girl? Now he was normal. Well, he just came to get a peek at a cute girl. I know cuz. She said something interesting. They were talking about. Okay, you know. Well, it was like a movie. He wanted Hughes he's a movie guy, so he's like I want you to see my script and he long muscle loves Hollywood stuff by the way. If you wanted me to you, tell me everything about you read close enough. I am at every red carpet event tie I, don't care honestly this one. This was a bit I just knew that you're, a Elon Musk enthusiast I, just keep brought you here to talk about him. You know the best thing he'll on must says you ever heard of his video on how to argue and think from first principles. Mmm-Hmm, that's something everybody should do if you're completely broke or life sucks or whatever taking on must advice. Argument from first principles in a nutshell is imagine if you had no constraints, no limits. What would your plan B and then so, like he just says, I want to I think we need to go to Mars and he just builds a business before he knows how to do it. I mean god bless him yeah, but I'm, saying more of us have to do there, because a lot of people are stumped by little problems. I mean people that are you know. People don't realize one of the reasons that I have all these online programs dude. You can't believe how many success stories I get it's insane. 67 sets all these programs, social media marketing and the people that do the best. The best this year, I launched this course on how to do a social media, marketing agency, this jadyn guy he I, met him he's making 110 thousand dollars a month at 21. I showed him how to build an agency and manage businesses, social media, it's so obvious. No business is no social media and they'll. Try younger people with that. So I asked him like why weren't she skeptical and he's like, oh I, didn't know you I, didn't he didn't realize you could be skeptical. That's one cool thing about being young. Remember when you're like 18, you meet somebody a girl, or you know you like, dating someone you're like. Let me love, it's love my life right and you don't think about the repercussions in this. Might you just like go all in and I know, I think you must a cynical part of me when I hear you say that okay thinks that you're just heart you're, specifically targeting like gullible people now I cuz your channel or use your channel not anymore I, didn't I, don't see your beautiful face great so much anymore. My Adsense is in the toilet. Okay, well, I. Think I do this now, I, don't want back on the show, there's a plug there like, let's be nice to tie. This is what I'm gonna say: I'm gonna take this clip in my opening video we'll be like yo I'm here in my garage I'm. Targeting a stream ends right straight out so anyway, back back to where we were because I found it interesting, you're you're, traveling the world looking for smart people, I actually find it interesting. You're like just emailing people in Ireland, yeah and you're. Like dudes like cool, come see me yeah, you got on a plane, you're specifically there to see someone yep got it. I went to this guy Bill Mollison on there forget he invented this system called permaculture, which is like how to create and fire mentally friendly systems where your rainwater off your roof feeds a pond which grows fish, and then you eat it, and so he lived in Tasmania it's an island, so I ran out of money. Trying to get to this, guy I took a plane to Melbourne Australia. Then I took a plane to I forget what the capital of Tasmania I remember when I landed. It was completely on fire. Oh yeah, our city goes on fire our once a year in the drought, I was like what the hell man through smoke I, get there I rented a car. He lived on this before uber on the other side of island. I was driving like a hundred miles an hour. There's like nobody on the road. I come on the corner. There's sheep all whole have no fences. The Sheep just go across the road, so I almost died. I show up at his house, he's the weirdest guy ever and also disappointed, but I learned my lesson from everything you try, like Abraham Lincoln, said, learn from everybody, even if it's what not to do and I remember being like never idolize people too much, because even smartest people sometimes are weird as [ __, ] yeah sure so. I did I stayed for like one day it was like. Okay, I'm glad I spent all my money to get here. I'll just walk back to America right yeah, so you you travel. You had a farm yep, you traveled them. What why didn't have a forum at that time after the four months yeah after the farm you travel? Are you and I came back to North Carolina, my mom was getting divorced and so I was like I'm gonna go back help family and that's when I came back and I had all these farm skills, and this is back in the city and I'm like these are not marketable skills. Right I live with the Amish I know harness horses, I still do I'm, not a milk cows. I know how to grow food. So that's when I ended up in a mobile home, I grew up in a mobile home when it from like age 13 to 18, then I came back when my mom was divorced and there's no room for me. So I got a couch. My mom's like, and they know we're here, I'm renting this out and make money just gave me a couch and that's when I decided go back to college I was in college. I got a part-time job. Cuz like man. College is expensive, like people think I can't well, can ecology go to I went to NC, State, okay and it was I. Remember, was like $1,000 per either class or per semester or whatever and I remember being like. That was a lot of money for me, yeah and so I got a job and I forget what it was like. A little dumb college campus like serving coffee, job and I. Remember my paycheck. After two weeks, part-time was like $80.00. After after um taxes, I was like what so I remember what Joel Salatin my farm mentor had told me he's, like you know, bootstrap your way out of your problems, so I started a little company. It was a. It was a company that consulted on where you should buy farmland, because I was like what do I know Funland. So I put an ad in this farm magazine called Stockman grass farmer for I. Remember was a hundred dollars in marketing cost together and I. Remember being like a hundred gone again, one time like now me and my business partner between the two of us I've spent six hundred million dollars on online advertise. He spent more than me six hundred million yeah he's even better than me kidding me. You wouldn't do that much money, but I need to back over multiple careers, no not on YouTube. This is all things combined me and him on YouTube I, probably spent I would say twenty-five to thirty. Maybe forty five million bucks really a lot of impression. Yeah! That's what I mean yeah you gotta. We need that Tai Lopez, who cares about results? Just give me a chance. Where were you so anyway? I put that hundred dollars and one call came in from a guy I had met randomly Meritor email people. This guy I had stated his farm in New, Zealand, Gary Townsend and he called me goes. Oh I saw you start a little. Consulting company goes I want to buy land in America and I, don't know where to start. He goes I'll pay you to write an article, so I didn't have a computer, so I went in the NC State little land. Article write a white paper on where my recommendation- okay, so I've been all around America I drove all around sure. So I wrote him a paper. I basically told him to buy it in, like Missouri and I wrote a to pay to be page thing on the computer owned by NC, State, I emailed it to him. He wrote back, thank you and he said: what's your bank account number I'll? Why are you money and he said I said what are you gonna send me goes I'll, just pay you, the standard rate, I pay all consultants, so a couple days later, I think it was either five or ten thousand dollars in fired for, like for like one hour of work and I. Remember going I want to be an entrepreneur, yeah yeah, because I had that eighty dollar check I hadn't cashed. Yet I was like I: don't want to go cash to somewhere beyond this inferni and and so then that was the beginning night then I got in then I started did I buy that farm. He bought some land. He didn't buy much dude. Really people just buy that make plan didn't end up following your recommendation. He didn't he bought a little bit of merit. He no, he bought some, but I. Don't think it was much because of me. These smart people, like that they want lots of opinions. So no patron ten people, ten grand pay, 100 grand and then they pick one of the choices, fair yeah. So what was I saying here? You're you or uh, you understood, that's yeah! That's when you understand do you wanna, be a nut. Review got oh yeah, so so then, after that, I was still that money I had debts and stuff so that five or ten grand went relatively quick, I paid my college tuition and I uh I said to my uncle the only person my family had ever made a hundred grand was my uncle doing car sales. So he happened to be one of the people living in the mobile home. His wife had died of Lou Gehrig's disease, nasty disease and I said what should I do? He said either going to car sales or finance cuz, you don't need a college degree. So I got a yellow pages and I found this random full-page ads, I called the guy said, can I come in tomorrow's and it was Mike. Staying back and I walked in and I said for what uh he was financial services, because when investments insurance all we're looking for a job yeah, but he didn't know that I just called and was like. Can he probably thought I was gonna buy so sure I got this suit, that I from the Salvation Army I'll never forget to head like shoulder pads? It was horrible man and I walked in there. They were hot pillows woman pant suits your estranged ever seen an office where he comes in he's weren't Michaels. Do you like the office yeah big fan, Michael Scott has the half female suit on I. Don't remember that? Well back when I was a kid, the the padded shoulders were hot payables I, don't know what it was, but it looked absolutely ridiculous ratio. Okay, that trying you learn. It just looks like your pads. So anyway you want so I walk in and I was like Mike. You don't know me, but if you teach me what you know, I know you're, obviously successful. You got a full-page ad. This office I'll work for you for free and I. Don't forget! He had this big mustache like that arm Selleck and he was like this and he turned his big chair slowly and he goes. You know. I've been looking for someone like you for 20 years. He goes show up in the morning and I'll give you an office and you start working and then that was I was walking out. He looked at me. He's from the south is in North Carolina. He goes to I one more thing. If you actually listened to me one day, you'll hug, my neck hug, my was a weird thing to say it's a southern saying: it's like okay and I came in the morning in my office was a closet with filing cabinet with a chair that I couldn't love it. They put a cold call list down in front of me Wow, and he said. If you can't turn this into money I, you can all split it with you. This is legitimately like a plot from like The Pursuit of Happyness yeah yeah, like the only things missing, is like a Rubik's Cube. Oh, you know the Porsche one where he walks up to the guy in the Porsche yeah yeah I love that movie I'll, tell you very few men or women can handle the bathroom scene without crying. Remember when Will Smith's there with his son, yeah boof, you should play that in prison, even parkour criminals crying on that that scene, so, but so anyway, you get this job and I'm in the closet. You got the cold calls for all you don't know what to do. 70% of billionaires spent years in sales, so I was in sales and I learned. That's what I'd learned! That's the trial by fire cold call calling and he had me cold call drew life insurance. So here's the pitch, here's the pitch! You don't know me I'm, interrupting your dinner and I'm gonna I want you to pay money today for things that will benefit people when you die. How do you are you interested yeah? How do you even close that? Okay, here's what I figured out this is where you have to be art of war, sunsoo, best business book or most popular business book ever you have to know the enemy. Now wasn't the enemy, but you have to know who you're facing and I realized? Don't sound? Are the men sell to the wives, mmm free so when I call I'd be like as mrs. so-and-so and I'd be like? If something happened to your husband- and these are like you- can hear the babies crying in the background, they got a mortgage awesome. The wife like hell, yeah I, want life insurance. Call me I, don't know all right, and so that's why I said creativity gets you out of your problems. Most people when they reach I, read something and said the 70% of people quit when they reach one obstacle anything lifting weights starting a business, but then another 20%, so like 90% of people quit after two and 99% of people quit after three. So a lot of people, if you give them that cold call list, they just three obstacles or like I, can't do this scout. Yeah I was I, don't think I was smart or admirable. I just didn't know: I could quit I had no other options. Right, I was like well, I, guess: I gotta get smart, I love the I love that angle of like going into your dream job and be like I'll work for free yeah, because I'm pretty sure to anyone. Who's listening here is trying to improve their situation that that works yep. For example, our intern, just to say the guy god bless in the intern. He emailed us Cole, I, mailed us and was like hey I'm in school. I am a fan, I want to be an intern and we just like blew him off and blew him off and blew him off and didn't answer and he kept emailing us for like six months and like [ __ ], it listen. We truly. It was messaging me and we truly were busy and we're figuring it out. Yeah we didn't know the podcast was like a new thing. We kept making changes, we didn't know what we need so every time it would message me I'm like try again later I'm right now, try again yeah well and he kept trying it's been a few months. Maybe I've always been apprehensive about like taking people through that channel cuz. It's always like. You know what it's just a person, an email, but he was presentable and he was persistent yeah and by the way he rocks yeah. So I love that approach of just like finding that creative end yeah yeah this guy in the garage, the video, the famous garage video, a guy, found me one night. This is like 2014 and he just walks up to the door and I to get I get this still. But it's harder to find that house the house I live in now certain people put my address all over the internet. Well, you film there you felt there people not to be named home. Do there it's kind of like one? It's not it's, not a joke. It's fine, but the other one. This dude shows up and he goes dude I'm, basically homeless. I take care of my grandpa he's on his deathbed and I walked from Long Beach Wow. He walked 35. Any I said how do you find a house? He goes. I've been walking for three days, I planted that, and so he goes, can I have a job and I. Remember being like. Oh my this dude, his name was Christopher. Lopez I was like this guy looks a little sketchy. Anybody was persistent. He walked home by the way. No I think I got him over home I'm like dude, let me and but he ended up working for me. I said you can come work for me for a year. He worked for me year saved up money. He went and I in the airport about six months ago in Vegas, and he came up to me. He goes ty I want you to know. Man I took that money and now I bought who's from Mexico's family I bought a apartment complex with my grandpa well with because it's cheaper real estate, Mexico I ran out, like whatever four eight units and my rent I make like two thousand bucks a month on recurring and it's just like three money: yeah, nobody he's like that's it. He lives cheap and then he believe it or not. He goes once a year and does Alaska fishing and you make a ton of money so he's like I make a hundred grand there and like 25 grand on autopilot and he's like he's like twenties, like dude I, have a lot of stories like that. That's why? When people tell them a scam, I'm like dude I wish I could show you all the people that come up to me with I mean I'm, sure I wouldn't call it a scam, yeah but I'm sure there's a lot of people who benefit from it and I'm sure there's a lot of people who probably spend a bunch of money because they're desperate for anything and in a vulnerable place and then just like move on to something else right, yeah, but I, guess it's up to the person you know is that a scam so I know I, don't I sell online education, which is the saint I, just read an order. I, don't think it's a scam. I just want to put what is a scam? Let me ask you: the same: is a scam yeah, there's 1.2 trillion dollars in us college debt colleges are graduating people that they know. There's no art history job but they'll gladly. Take your 50 grand and put you in debt. No I, don't think it's a scam either, but is what's closer to a scam, 50 grand, don't charge, people 50, grand and I. Let me tell you what let me tell you: I was like you're rationalizing. No, no I have a hundred percent money-back guarantee on anything I've ever sold every penny back, there's a Nobel prize-winning guy. What's his name, Joseph I'll remember his name. He says he thinks college is a scam because there's no refund everything else in America you can get a refund, and this is what sucks. If the college system had a refund, you know what it would force colleges to do. You'd have to you would test people you coming in. Oh, you want an art history degree we might have to give your money back, because you wouldn't you're not gonna, be able to find a job most likely. Let's do aptitude test and find out. Oh maybe you're a little better supplied how they just take your money. No I think it's a huge problem. What you trillion, what we all grew up expecting that life was just you go you get a higher education. You get a job right, but now you just leave with a bunch of debt and no [ __ ] options and nobody's really telling you that right, because all of our parents went to college, they paid $5,000, they got a degree and they bought a house by the time they were 35. That was 16 years ago. No I world changes. My honestly, don't even necessarily advocate going to college to to to our fans I think if you're going for like a hard science trying to get going, 50% shut it yeah. Well, let me I want to throw this out. Cuz I, want your honest opinion. Cuz I have strong opinions on this. I want to see. If I'm off base Coca Cola McDonald's a scam, McDonald's coca-cola, they they pray. You were talking about otai. Are you praying on the gullible go to the go to the inner destitute, go to the inner cities? There's? No, not grocery stores or something right. They get they get they eat, they get sustenance, they get diabetes. Yes, that's what they get, how about coca-cola being in schools and six-year-olds, getting cash and hope they have 50 grams of sugar grams, no I think it's stamp they're getting paid by corporations, public school I! Think it's safe, so I always tell people the real scams are so under your nose, so obvious. No one thinks they're a scam and then they think all that little thing, the biggest scams that will mess you up in life are the ones that society already accepts me right. Alcohol is a scam that it's that it's legal. Did you see the thing today that they posted in America this chocolate egg is illegal yeah, but 50 caliber machine gun? Is it yeah and I'm I'm, not I'm kind of pro guns, but I do think you could have a rational gun commerce yeah, maybe not 50, no machine guns, I, don't know I, don't understand the whole debate about it. Cuz it's like I feel like whenever you talk about gun law. People who are pro guns, get like it's not like all or nothing right. It's just like they're sent there can be sensible gun laws. Yeah I got an ak-47, but I can't have a fully automatic and then the other, and then they always say like well, it's mental health, but I don't see anyone investing in mental health right. So it's like I, don't I see nobody doing anything about it. Entrepreneurs will save the world man for you're, an entrepreneur you're doing something off the grid off the system that helps people yes, Elon Musk says the same thing. The future of the world will be saved, but capitalism is like yeah. You know like late-stage capitalism, it's like it doesn't really. Capitalism, by its very nature, doesn't really help poor people. You you're, depending on like a few good people who have a good conscience but like when you have corporations running the show and making tons of its yeah I. Consider that there's no! That's too centralized of talk about entrepreneurs. Imagine this. If 50% of people go to college, they become scientists, doctors, we need those people, but the other 50% go out and start small to medium size, jobs that that employ people that employ family and that come up with unique such a lot of problems. Gotta be solved locally, the central government can so all these entrepreneurs are being eaten by Walmart and Target, and [ __ ] bomb Tony's on Costco, not necessarily drop shipping I train these two guys Jose and Samir they're 21 and 22. They drop shipping they're, making $200,000 a month, they're, probably netting 50 thousand a month. So another success story, I mean these are not made up. Man and they're competing with Walmart they're shipping, they're using Alibaba they're getting stuff in China, again stuff manufacture in the US. Let me ask you one thing: mm-hmm I want to show you something: okay, this guy's name is brats. Oh good man died and I. Do you think that this guy does Daisy music yeah he's that he has the gaze of miracle of miracles? It's called I loved your guys's thing where you caught prank called. What's his name? Oh yeah, Joel, similar to Joel, Olsteen. Well, I, don't know so this guy is the gaze of miracles. He's a guru, the self-help guru he's a cure and he walks out Galilean Utley heroically. He flows is this: he weighs Russia or America. This is International. Pitbull is not mister, please tell me you're, not you don't think me in this category. I just bought my life Keep Watch, because I think maybe you're judging a book by it's cover Oh rod, so he gazes and it healed. So he doesn't really talk. Doesn't talk, feel it's beneath him. Words are beneath them. That's not the real video that made my day. Let me give it a real I have a new strategy: how about this I target a tree, a tree channel and I, just stare, yeah I, think that would kill it. My gaze, it just says: like I Lopes comment about all of their gamers, that watch a tree a tree. You will now here be the new eSport, so chance what he does and people pay and he embraces their life. So my question is: do you think that you're in the same category of business as brats away below him, not yet on the level where I gaze in wonderful years and people think account, but hey learn from everybody? So what do you take from this? Oh, you feel anything. I should pilot my hair grow out busy. Is it a sexy? Look, he has I know by that mean it looks like he's. Suffer this I know yeah the stroke. Sound guys are like do we? Do they mic him? The sound guys don't have to make him no there's no mic involved. He just come here, that's cool, he came. It started as a money savings thing. He came out to give a speech on investment investment, banking. My goal is to get this guy a TEDx talk. I will I will gaze into your eyes for exactly 18 minutes. Does he really win? Let's not gonna TEDx. Let's get him straight old straight to Island. Get TEDx I. Did the [ __ ] today, Ted, so I think my here's. What I have taken away from this business tip sure throughout all podcasts? This guy should be gazing from high down below kind of. Like you had the lose. That's why the lawyer was gazing at me. It was a case for sure. Has he studied under him? Yes, please are you gonna make you made a funny video about me? Can you make a funny one about who we have? We really he's a class. You've talked to him. No, we didn't talk to him. Did you call my phone and he was just gazing, so there was no I can feel the gaze. Interestingly, the only face times. That's what I heard? Are you serious yeah? Does he charge money? Yes, okay. This is a scam yeah. Why has anybody ever watt? Have you ever bought? One of my programs? You know I mean I taught at Harvard, I taught at London, Business School. You know, like I, actually know about business and I actually say I believe that yeah, you know they study my stuff in almost every business school in America. I didn't know that. But yes, it's I hope. Maybe I am cheeseball, but no you're better after I feel energized. My posture I'm tell you gays that his report excellent. They give him five star reviews, here's the thing: a free country. You spend your money on him. He makes you feel better. Then it's a good use. Your money, psychosomatic people get psychosomatic placebo. This is definitely a placebo effect. I think the fact that you give refunds is yeah if he gives a refund I, just listen: okay, we're gonna, wrap it up like different guys that are funny. No yeah. I can show you some more, but I'll do that. I want to wrap it up. Okay, fullscreen brazo, fullscreen, broads. There's a lot of chaos in this world. Hmm people they get out there they're killing people. Yes, there's there's, there's static, warrior, divided country. Yes, is this a question for me or not just okay, you're out of the equation? Okay, I'm out I'll, just back just enjoy them. I noticed I moved his head about, not all Greece, it's not always about you just enjoy the game he went. This is Zoolander. Dude he's like I'll. Do a new gaze. You know what he does hard blink, that [ __ ] I've learned. One thing: never engage this guy in a blinking contest, a staring contest. You will lose every time his hairline delay. Everything I love it anyway, anyway, listen yeah! There's a lot of [ __ ] out there and I want you to embrace the gays embrace. The warmth, because all we need now is to is this is the valuable lesson: I drug, listen! Sometimes it's valuable to just close your mouth and gaze. Listen take in the world, don't give out for a moment. Okay, that's what brazo represents, and so in the spirit of that I think I'm not and that's not like I, don't mean that as a commentary I'm just wrapping it up in a nice way, okay, anyway, Thank You ty for joining us. No thank you and I'm amazed that you found the George W Bush thing. I'm not best in terms of a an intern and I I do want to say yeah. There's one thing: I've learned in life to all you guys out there persistence! Yes in my life has been the one thing. That's always made the difference. Now you got hilla yeah yeah for sure. First time was she not so excited to meet you? Well, she was wrong. I was American yeah, oh really, yeah. How I left we met in Israel. Briefly, we met just for one week: I went back home and I was persistent and I I thought he's got he's leaving, but oh my god, it wouldn't be possible. I know: I got some a vacuum left this room, my soul felt sucked out of the room, I feel strangely stronger speaking of the office I'm in love. With a guy told me, my buddy won the world poker tournament. He's really smart guy told me he was you want to sleep better watch the office non-stop every night, so I've been watching it I'm like three times through the whole thing. So remember the one game in the bat when the bat is in the thing Dwight Dwight, true, yes, so and then Jim pretends like he was bitten. Yes, suddenly I feel strong. So you were bit by the gaze abrazo anyway, awesome persistence, persistence, h3h3, so you can see my videos pretty roll. Oh I, love that you like that shot. Just keep watching and look for the gaze of ty anyway. I really do appreciate a lot of fun with all mine are always awesome. People ask me, you know you are very popular guys because very people have made parody videos of me. The only one that really I ever noticed was yours. Oh really, when you drop the one I was like I. Never heard of you guys, I'm like who the [ __ ]. Are these pants I got people coming out of the woodwork I mean literally people are like I will rent your house. I was like go ahead. Are my rent, it out I'll sub lease it to you so Spears he persists and it is a rental, but this office it's a lease, there's a big difference. No, if there is if there is a difference by the way, I do buy real estate, just I buy land man I just bought 96 acres, bye-bye things that have by long story lines by land, Barry gold. You heard it here, oh I, didn't, say: bye, Larry go buy, Bitcoin and honey to talk feminist, you heard from Tai Lopez cut the stream and you don't [ __ ].