Okay, welcome everybody. We are back. Thank you for joining us. Today's episode is sponsored by quick kaptara ring at 23andme. Today, with us are two of my favorite people in the world: Kristina P and Tom. Segura god bless them. Today we celebrate the release of Kristina peas, new special out on Netflix right now featured in the degenerates also touring Kristina, P, online.com and Tom Segura. Also, yes, sir, at Tom, Segura, calm, / tour. Thank you for saying it correctly. Well, hey! It is tour here fewer fewer I like to get out some of the East Coast people. They say a tournament yeah, they say tournament torna me, there's a Ryan Sickler, they say torn yeah. They keep me up you one of those people. I have friends from Philly like oh, like you're, gonna stay for the tournament. I'm like the tournament and I. Don't know it's a real problem. I feel like that's. Not the right. Word I. Think it's completely wrong to say it like that am I missing, but the spelling, I guess could lead you to be like yeah. It's tore know meant so torn it is. How do you say it tore? No, no, no I'm, saying I'm talking about Burnham in, do you say tournament yeah, you don't say tournament, no, that's insane and we're back and we're back. Thank you guys so much for being here. Happy! No, not November to both of you, yeah I'm, [, __, ] back up right back I am dude. You don't know about note. No, not November its I'm, assuming I've seen some some rumblings on the Internet's there's just not to jizz, for you can say whatever the frickin heck. You want: Frick, okay, okay, after sober October, though no jizz November, it's not happening, but I haven't gist. We was whole month. You haven't June, not on purpose yeah. Pretty much! You go! You'll go a seven days in a month without even you're, trying to think. Well, here's why you were traveling and I got sick. You don't connect I, don't know those things inhibit me: okay, I, jerk, I, jerked it maybe the first or second, but now I mean now it's like five days of built. It's backed up. You I could feel an ache mmm, I'm kind of feel like when your notes are empty and when they're full I mean by the by the outside the the the girth of the testes, the hey. Are you serious, she's, pretty good at I? Didn't I didn't even know that about myself that the she'll like I guess got it store somewhere I'll lean over. Let me slide it in and she would hold on she'll do like an exam she's like oh yeah. This is dangerous. I'll, be like all there's glues, gonna come out like it's been a long -, that's graphic, I'm kind of short I'm feeling kind of aggressive today and she'll also pick up on that she'll be like you're that upset about that's amazing. That's a really honed in on each other's uh load sizes. Havior! That's amazing! We've been together for 14 years. So when he's 10 years officially married tomorrow, well, you guys are truly Oh excellent amazing one of the great couples so I'm very, like I said. Oh, can you think it'd work? Something out, though, for what for getting this thing out tomorrow, yeah sure we'll say you can masturbate yeah, but then it ruins it. Oh bro is one babe, the fun of of you being like that's so much. Oh, can I be honest right here now, I, don't think I've gone more. Oh my god I'm trying to honestly think this guy really jerks it. That's. What he's gonna tell me I, don't think I've gone more than a day without what a QA ting. Why? Maybe, since I was like a day there, 15 I mean I, don't know, maybe a couple days, damn homie, but you for me. It's like you know. There's this great! You guys have seen the Seinfeld about the competition. Has this great line that has resonated with me since I heard they she says the end masturbating no think about it every day, because Elaine wants to join the competition and they say that's not fair. She says well, you know masterminds like shaving your legs and she says I shaved, my it's like shaving she's as I shaved. My legs and Kramer says not every day. That's right! Right! Right! Right, well, that's true! Now let me ask you something though cuz I'm, assuming you guys, aren't getting it in everyday marital loves. So are you? Where do you? Where are you doing your thing? Is it a shower or bathroom? Well, not where you're gonna notice me that no I don't keep it a secret that well something have you been caught if you're been caught, actually, no I can't wait. Jim I've never been caught with I. Think I was caught once a time. I was under the blanket. It was more embarrassing than automatic, but Allah will never catch me masturbating. Why is that? Why? Because I I don't this is Thing Thing it like I'm, a bad detective I, don't like you, are you trying to walk now the detectives gonna come out, though no I'm not safe, yours gonna, be like in the middle. We gonna be really close and your he'll be back, and then you see her face like in through a door can be in the reflection of the monitor that watching porn yeah. But but you don't hear you can go a week without even thinking about it. Huh no I mean I think about it. A lot, but sometimes I'll go like here's the thing two men we got two kids yeah. We have a little ones, a real little one yeah. So like your sleep and- and you know, when you have a busy schedule like we know, we're all doing a lot of things yeah. Sometimes it's like it's literally, oh, my god, I just got to bed and I'm. So tired, sometimes it'll be like oh it's morning. I could do it right now and I will or night in the shower yeah shower and then but I'm saying sometimes like that I'll be like uh. Is this gonna be a good one or you know maybe cousin there's ones. We like I was a disappointing one at this point, they're all disappointing, for what are you talking? Was it dissapears disappointing? That's where you're, just like man, that was just it got, I mean he's, got some of the food through the system, but it's not like yeah I mean this that let me put it this way. Sure it's just like, like stale chip, you jerk off and it's just like and then you're like. Alright, it's not there's. No there's almost no pleasure right like compulsive yeah. Oh that's, interesting! I'm really backed up right. It's just a tension. I got I hear ya tomorrow, we'll do it yeah. We have to understand sober October kind of ruined that month too, because he was exercising like six hours a day. I worked out for Tara, almost four thousand minutes so down which, whatever that adds up to a lot of minute yeah, because it gives you a little recap on the through the app and I swear to you. We're a lot of times we're doing two-a-days like working out in the morning and then in the afternoon or evening and I would I would fall asleep like into the deepest slumber, which is nice, that was nice yeah, but I didn't have the no nuts animals. We tell what happened way. Member I remember one morning during towards the end of sober October, I, don't know just [ __ ] say we went alright. We went to make marital love and I, had full-body cramps and had to stop oh yeah arms, Pam, screams and I was like, and here's I think I didn't even tell you. This I felt some of those cramps before I stopped. I was like [ __ ] it ignoring, don't, don't, stop no stop and then, when it was to the point where, like I felt like I was gonna fully collapse is been something that's right. Yeah I've never experienced a full-body cramp well, I mean what I'm saying I had like you know: I've had calf cramp, hmm arm chat like these were all at once that was so dehydrated Holy Smoke. You know how was do it, it seems so intense. Do you enjoy it too I mean with the octopus yeah. The sober I enjoy fitness aspect of it seemed so intense it was intense. I did enjoy. It I think it's fun to compete with friends. Yeah like it's fun to go like Ethan I bet. I can do this. I would be letting you go well. If you go like I can do it and then, like we really yeah and then I'm checking on you and you're checking on that part's fun, I think if I was just competing with like people on the Internet I'd be like I, don't know: yeah here's yeah what was was there any noticeable effects for our view, gloss. Wait. Are you feeling, but how is I mean you haven't even I, feel like I'll tell you what ruins our home life I hate, sober, October cuz, like where's, dad just hiking for eight hour, our son is crying I ran 12 miles. One day, are you serious fell behind and I goal reeks out? Well, yeah like that like what? Why are we doing this again? You're all over 40 we're all middle-aged 1300 in the forties? It feels good. Actually, my online we celebrate Mozilla though, and your pregnancy is dying to talk to you about this I know. Have you talked about this along, not a lot, but we've are worried about it. Yeah there's a lot to say, I'm sure about it. We keep doing little updates like we had a ultra. Our first ultrasound yeah last week, that's a cool there's like a little there's. A little gummy bear yeah amazed, yeah them when they do the ultrasound I, remember, I, remember separate times, then the lady being like do you want to hear the heartbeat like who goes now you're saying it's there, all right, yeah and then you're like of course, and then they go you're like yeah. Who doesn't want to hear that, like okay, they should be concerned. It's such a cool moment, so you're feeling great yeah I'm, not nauseous at all. That's huge I! Guess weird! Everyone is like. Oh, but I we've talked about how I've never puked. In my life in your life life, it's never even thought. The almost puke like if you ever almost puked I've had this like when you're low you mean like in digestion, yeah, it's not the same. You don't you don't even know you don't you she so doesn't even understand what puking is I. Remember once we were at a party she over drank and she was feeling nauseous. It's about. The I was shoving my fingers down her throat and she couldn't puke Hey. Do you not have a gag reflex? Maybe I don't think she does no, but you've never ever done it with booze and it came up involuntarily. No I, like I blacked out a few times from alcohol, but I would still not puke dangerous yeah, but regardless it's serving you well in first, because I gotta say there was this funny moment where before we knew she was pregnant and she's, like god, this this pizza is so good. Yeah I started eating food enjoying it. I were like what the hell's going on here and then, like a couple days later, we found out she was pregnant. Dude cats after I gave birth to our second son food. Just tasted like cardboard like I, lost my own. That's what I'm afraid of cuz when you're when you're pregnant, it's like you're, hot yeah, and you just can't I- couldn't stop eating I'm like enjoying food for the first time in a long time, I don't know like I, don't want it to sound depressing, but I'm enjoying food like like I'm, right, yeah, I, guess like when you're high yeah, and what are you eating the most of what do you crave? I was just telling you I I, don't crave meat right, I, don't I, can't you normally like meat or no? No, but I'm like this is more than usual, more yeah. Usually it's the opposite. Women get a version so like salads, when you're hot trimester is so good. There's no air. No, they they're gonna, be the cutest little parent, you're gonna, be the sweetest [ __ ] B I swear to God, like I've, been having like a midlife crisis and you guys like walk away from the head. No, you know what I mean like and you guys are all so supportive in the sweetest goddamn people, I love just being around you guys. I've been excited about this podcast Zoey, you guys are so sweet and calming and like you've got you've got like you've got your [ __ ] together and you're. So nice, please- and you like us, it seems like which is weird schedule: more dinners and yeah. It's the last time, I'm still coughing, I, yeah I regret it. I was a great regret. No no I mean I think actually, when, when you got I think I was getting sick too mm-hmm I got yeah, you yeah, I got sick. Also, I got them. I got antibiotics and there's a whole thing. You know. Are you gonna? Do a natural birth at the house? Are you gonna rent, like a tub at the house like I'm, going to a hospital right? Oh you, don't know this. Jews aren't [ __ ] wait is that a castle Christian weirdos out there absolutely a Christian thing. It's a hippie thing. It's a it's weird tell me what you're talking about. So there are lunatics they're, usually white, they're, usually white. It's white people, it's white, hippy, vegan types, yeah they'll, have home births and they'll, get like a tub and put it in the living room and then give birth in a tub and just not have any epidural or any pain. Medication should be right, healthy react and do people come and watch absolutely. What do you expect that water it looks like in the bath? It's so hot I would jump in there dude. Those babies ceremony is that the dead then gets any Jackson yeah he's huge wow that sounds yeah I'm into that. Okay, but yeah. So you know Kat Kat, Von D, the tattoo artist she's, like a famous tattoo artist anyway, she's praying right now and she puts on Instagram she's gonna have a home birth, I know, vaccination, know vaccinations on the kid and she's oh she's eating vegan through her Prezi and look hey, that's more power! That's your choice, but she just gets lit up like how stupid thing is that um when I was born, I, don't think I had autism, but now I'm, pretty sure that I do I haven't seen any so I think no vaccines. Whatever the best name is for to prevent autism, but you don't want that I want she's got a lot of views, she's, she's, very popular, very popular I, really like her. Actually, she was on that show LA it forever and Miami Ink, but she just gets lit up. You know you kind of bask for it when you're like yeah she's, talking about the home birthday, my husband, my closer yada yada, yada sisterhood, other hood, naturally I become more empathetic. Can you scroll down down? Is there any relevant part here? Oh yeah cuz that captions pretty bunch of hub back seat? Oh here we go vaccine, your kids, idiot vaccine, your kids, idiot yeah, yeah, so well. I do think that anti-vaxxers pretty insane I mean it's like yeah and it's so insane. What who are these people? Where are they? Where are these people there's a lot of conspiracy? There I mean that a lot of people like they'll realize that you know the American medical journals have debunked that, like that was entertained for a while, and then why actually did a valid study on it and yeah? You know why are we not all walking around with autism right? We all not cry mean we are all we're all vaccinated. Smallpox is gone, but I mean well I. Guess we are a little autistic I mean look, you look at what's called no I. Think I might have something to do with you jacket every day. Every day really are you gonna leave Clues, really to find? What's a little nut trail now, I'm gonna be calming the tighten down the detectives gonna catch you man, sometimes I, wish I drift off less, but I can't just part of the debt. No part of your thing, it's just your daily I do can I do have concern that it is a compulsive behavior that might be. Let me ask you this, because there was a comic who I won't sell out, but a comic told me that we were. We were going to a show and he was like yeah. You know I I jerk off, like in the hotel before shows and I was like. Oh my god. I would not do that at all. Why? No because it would make me too tired, yeah I was like I. Don't want to feel tired to go, do the show? Well, don't we opposite: I would like to I, would do it after a show like get back to the room. You know yeah, oh I, like to you know, I really spend time with me. Yes, no, but I does it not? Can you do it and then like? Are you the type that it kind of knocks you out or you're, like ah he's going? It depends. You know, I found that jerking off in the morning. It's generally a bad idea really because it'll it could slow your day down so much because once you jerk off, like you're gonna, be on your phone. If you had like a big event like I, don't know you had to no no I'll. Do it right before no way yeah! That's what I was no way. This guy performs, like so you're a night, jerker generally I'm a night ulis keeping notes. I know. Aren't you guys together, I assume you're watching your shows at night, you're doing you're married I? Guess I fall asleep. First, look: there's not look, it happens either you this is part, something it just happens and, and you made Michael, what are you doing? Let's? When are you sneaking off? Are you one of these guys to do you pull up the Samsung and let's turn it to a Inquisition yeah I? Generally? Yes, the phone yeah use the phone. You ever do that thing. I've done this, where, like you, kind of pay attention to how deeply she's sleeping and you're like you, do it right here, yeah, you are so sick, I'm sure you have you not masturbated in the bed when Thomas sleeping no, you have you don't Yeah right, no you're, so embarrassed. Look at me! I'm [, __, ], I'm, telling everybody about my compulsive masturbator jerking off one time in the bedroom. We I'm stun, you guys aren't you're, not afraid of being caught. I think the the fear of being cards real I. Do that one of the throw, though right? Oh not for me, I, don't, like being afraid, no I, don't know I'm, not afraid of being caught in that I'm, so confident that I'm not gonna, be caught. You're like asking for me, listen I, know what I'm doing she doesn't want to catch me. No -, because I know I noticed that, like I, you know my morning shower is not usually a let one out, usually not sometimes I do, but you always go like. Is it cool to come in you I, don't know what the [ __ ] you're doing in there yeah and I've a couple times have been choking my chicken and you came in really yeah. Well, you were like a wreck yeah, but I was able to like position. My Wow you're, like like hey, baby yeah. Well, there's also enough steam. You know, I was like we moved to a new house recently in the bathroom I. Don't have any privacy there cuz it's a connective at the bedroom, uh-huh and so I'm really afraid to kick off in the shower these days, because if you walk in it's gonna be so obvious that I'm concealing yeah, my owner, you guys have a new game, though this can be a fun game. You'll continually jerk off every day. [Laughter] often you could be watching TV. If that's cool with you, it's not gonna, bother, no I, don't think what do you mean a little strange like if you're, watching, like 90-day, fiance and I'm, just beating off? Is that a problem? Well, we'll watch yeah. No, that would be weird yeah. You can't just get up and get it like taking a dump. You can't just get up and take a dump 90 day, fiancé yeah, you watch that we started to and then we forgot about it. Dude, let's see, okay. What is the video you parody like? What do you make fun of the reaction yeah so you're talking about our new video yeah I loved it? It was a dlc pilot for I catfished my kid, it's so weird which is funny because and they roasted the dead for being such a [ __ ] weirdo. This is such a great show. It never got picked up is funny because he of all people drew the line. Somehow their roster is nothing but like obese people, small me people I even had one that, like I'm, a fat black dwarf, follow people that have nothing inherently interesting about them. Other than that they look unusual yeah like and I love. It I could watch that channel whoa non-stop dude him when I'm bored I go straight to TLC and I'll. Tell you I got sucked in I was watching this one about my 600-pound life yeah, it's been there yeah, and actually it surprised me because it was actually a lot of uh I'll. Tell you what it shocked me because I was expecting something really superficial, but they followed this lady for like ten years I mean it was she make it out all right, unbelievable she passed away. Really she didn't I, don't know why it made that joke I think it's Casillas pregnant! It's like a dad joke! Oh you're, becoming a dad. It's a make! A joke like why and I think that's a joke, but it's like why. Why did I just lie? Did I tell you about my cheddar cheese addiction? No, it's pretty mild! What's up now, haters right! What's up now, I think hair, you think I'm a [ __ ] experienced dad. We talking about that you've been around the block you setting him up, I'm, so excited for you to be parents. Thank you, but I care I do want to say ela since she's been pregnant. She's like she's, like radiant she's, beautiful she's, like looking good yeah, he's eating her stuff, like it's incredible, I, find it I'm amazed by it. I, truly think. It's amazing and I'm also simultaneously so thankful that I don't have to give birth and I mean genuinely and I'm. So, actually appreciative I heard what you said about how there's no way for you to not be kind of resentful. Oh yeah, don't you hate is good that you're doing all the work like I I'm, gonna I'm, not even there yet but I'm already doing like I'm gonna like there's no way, there's levels of papers are coming -, oh yeah. Here's the neat part, okay, you're right right now, you're doing all the work. Nine months, you're gonna be enormous. You're gonna gain weight. Your feet are gonna, grow your visions, gonna get worse! Wait. What can I be destroyed? Oh I, look at I'm wearing glasses. Now your vision gets worse. Pressure can Lou it in your eyes yeah. Does it get better when you know worse, this is gonna, be Rex's right and you're. Gonna hate this [ __ ]. Here's what happens in two years time when that little boy or girl is running around and hyperactive, and everything and you see your two-year-old kicked out in the nuts yeah cuz. Now he's getting it cuz. Now it's daddy, daddy, daddy and play horsey horsey horsey and you get all that stuff. So then it's awesome before my reckoning comes that's right! Well, you'll kick in! Then daddy will kick in later, but he's a good one though there's like [ __, ], dick dads. You can tell that well. Well. That remains to be seen, but I am excited. Oh you guys. Gonna be crazy. Yeah excited! What's your biggest beer, the given birth Oh easy just take drugs drunk that's what I'm saying I love it! I was trying to talk I'm like if it takes an extra couple hours yeah and you don't feel pain. First of all, I agree but go faster. I felt two contractions on this last one and I was like: let's go drug-drug and I didn't feel like not of know. Do they get? Is it like mine altering drugs? It's like an opioid right, oh no, they put it in your yeah yeah, so it doesn't affect the child or anything. No, you get chill cuz you're like I'm, not in pain, you're, not in anguish. Do you really not be so scared of pain that that, like in the months leading up to the delivery, he would do checkups you do more and more checkups and then, as you get closer, they become weekly checkups and she would go like. And what is the deal when I get like him? When does the pain meds come he's like whenever you want that's right, you're, gonna, [, __ ], make sure, and then it became a routine like she bought he's like it'll, be all smart, yeah and I think you're great, because yeah I, you should take a note. I agree. Ask your doctor cuz a lot of [ __ ] out there don't know some warrior! [ __ ] that want to be like well yeah. That's if you're, not into being I, know what a dad well I'll tell you you're, really embracing it. I've got yeah and and I'm and I coughed. So much I can't have any more coffee, like my ear, you're hurting my ear and I'm like hey I'm suffering. What about me and so I cannot muster off anymore, like my body literally, cannot do you, but you were really sick doctor. So it's one of these! Ah cuz! It's you can't coffee. You gotta get the mucus out! Oh it's! So disgusting! Alright! So what are you saying? Oh oh I think you got to ask your doc when they're gonna give you the the meds cuz, there are some doctors that are evil and won't give a woman, the epidural until she's, so much dilated or whatever. Okay. They want you to be further along before they because it can stop contractions. If you want to keep it going, they want to make sure you're progressing enough before they give you pain meds, because it can slow everything down. Good just make sure you get someone how long's your pregnancies last Friday births I, don't know why I didn't know how to say that I know. Yeah I was like eight seventeen eighteen hours top to bottom. Oh well, that's not 1718 actively, no, no, take you're in the hospital yeah! So first the came on his due date and, like literally I, had contractions at 2:00 in the morning. We were at the hospital by what 5:00 in the morning and then but then there's like you know, there's long periods and you dilated. They consider that you're in labor right. So your body active push opening. Yet literally your cervix is dilating. I have to get to ten so that the head can come out. It's active agna labor, for you is an hour and change on the second one yeah. So then you go into where it's go-time and baby's going about to come, and then you can end by the way, there's doctors that won't turn your epidural down so that you don't feel pain during the pushing make sure to ask this guy cuz, a lot of them will be like epidural wore off no I didn't they can keep that drip going and they tell you to push you push push push and then bang I mean I'm for lucky. You know I had my taint cut twice, but you didn't feel it though they don't feel [ __ ]. But you don't like your ass, oh yeah, you know what, when that kid grows up and they're old enough to understand, we need to be like listen if they're misbehaving, listen, you little [, __ ], your mom's, ass home, benign I'm, sure I'll make them care. I'll, take pictures. First, one [ __ ], you mom vagina. The doctor was like oh [, __ ], yeah I got a check here, make sure Keith. No, she goes. Do you mind if I put my finger in your anus to make sure there's two holes? I'd mind if you didn't show up yeah and she goes. Do you mind if I put my finger? Would your [ __ ] leg in there I, don't feel anything yeah? Okay, you should take a picture. That's an it, maybe a crazy thing, but make it like super close. So no one can tell what it is and that in the kids they're supposed to be two holes right there yeah. So are you feeling super resentful already of your body and I'm more like thing I'm, knowing I know that it's coming those yeah I could I get a little taste of resentment, I. Think like little shadows of resentment. Now you know it comes out little subtle ways like we're just hanging in bed and then she's just looks at me like and I'm like. Oh, are you all right and she's like now, everything's fine, you know I already can't fit on my clothes that she can see the wave way out there. Yeah, but I think see. He's gonna be good because he adores you and you could tell me, there's a lot of guys that aren't like he adored, so you're gonna feel the resentment but you're gonna be able to navigate I feel like somehow that makes her angry. Sometimes, when I'm, like you're amazing I, can't believe you're having this baby, it's a crab and she's like she's like [ __ ], you [Laughter] yeah. There are times too, where I'm like I, just don't know. What's Doug you guy I, don't know what to say and then, like you figure out like there's, nothing I could say nothing. Just gotta shut the [ __ ] out yeah yeah, because cuz, it's like I'd, said everything right. I did everything right and you're, and what can I tell you and he'll is just like just leave just leave me alone. I just have this thing where sometimes I just wake up yeah wrong side of the bed. That's what they call it! Okay, but you see when you get mad or irritated I, can't I always feel like you're mad at me right because I'm gonna, when I get up out of that same issue, you'll think that I'm upset at him and I'm like I'm, not you know, I think, because I think we just and we experience that feeling differently, because when I'm upset I you like my Ally intentionally cuz I, don't want you to feel that I'm mad at you, but I. Think that's just that's very interesting. That's just psychologically! That's fast, but I know you're, not mad at me. So you know yeah, but I'm I see I. Do the same thing. What do you do? Sorry I so understand what you're saying when you're upset yeah I, whatever you're upset it I'm like a man, she's upset I should stay away. I think she might I might be upset at me. I don't know if you're upset you're upset, but then what I'll do is I think it's good to leave you alone. Oh my god, worst thing ever because I think it was an ela case. She doesn't want to [. __ ] see me and I know that now because I'm like ela, what's wrong and doesn't [ __ ] see me and like all right, that's how she plan it's like I just made my coffee. It's just something like that. Yeah you know and like the coffee machine is dirty and I gotta clean it and like I, just woke up yeah, it's something like that. Like I, just don't even want to okay, you want to be asked yeah see. The thing is that's what I've learned it's with you! She actually doesn't want to [. __ ], see me yeah anyway. No I understand what some people process stuff differently. So she might need that time to do her coffee and get in collect herself and maybe you're more of an introvert with that stuff. Yeah I think I'm, like that when I'm upset oh you're, the worst you're you're avoidant I want to get in your mind a little bit understand this emotion, because I don't understand what the healer kind of, because I I, don't feel that way. So you're upset at not Cristina, obviously something completely different and so you're. Just in a bad mood and somehow that negative energy is just directed to whatever is in front of you, yeah cuz he'll get mad at it like. Why are there stains on the couch, but it's rife eel-like, that's directed towards no definitely not I, know, but I know that rationally. Then it agitates me right, my god, [ __ ] he's mad about sight. Now, maybe bet the reverse I think we're totally reverse yeah, but then you'll also do cuz. You know too much. Psychology I'm, like [, __, ], stains on the couch and you'll be like. Ah this. What are you well she'll be like what are you really mad at I'm like these goddamn stains and she's, like let's talk like the stains are not going away. I, don't know where I'm rel Jarrah I'm, like we have two dogs, one's a shelter dog one's a purebred. The shelter dog can live without the other one. The purebred is a loving machine. I, always sound like that. Purebred loving machine, bitsy, I love you. What are you doing? Ones height, you untied you and then you're like FIFO, we're like whatever doing my thing so when I'm upset, though I'm saying I like to have you there next to me, they do have that. Let's continue this, let's go to a break. We're over we're gonna continue this conversation. Well, we are just at the tip of the iceberg here psychologically. Breaking it down guys do not go away. We will be right back [Music] quit all right. What do I need to say about this beautiful magical, mythical toothbrush, that is changing the game of dental hygiene, one of the most important things we can do for our health every day is brushing our teeth. Yet most of us aren't doing it properly and you're walking around like you just had a turd sandwich. Quip is a better electric toothbrush created by dentists and designers, to make brushing your teeth, more simple, affordable and dare I, say this ELA fun and enjoyable uh-huh yeah! It's that good this okay! Here, let me tell you about. First of all, I have sensitive gums as most of us do and gum they do not heal back. You need to find soft, correct bristles that are not gonna, corrode your gums because yeah, it's not coming back all right. That's what this is. It's soft, it's rubbery! It's the best head, I've ever found and no offense cela on your sensitive guns. People brush too hard. Some electric toothbrushes are way too abrasive. It's got a built-in timer, that's what this is and every 30 seconds. It reminds you to switch sides, helping guide a full and even clean up to 90% of us, don't brush for two full minutes and don't even clean evenly. That's what clip helps you achieve all right. So that's why I love quip! That's why I don't use any other toothbrush, I, love, quip, and that's why it's backed by 20,000 dental professionals. That's a lot of dentists! Quip starts at just $25 guys, go to get clipped, calm, /ht right! Now! You get your first refill back for for you with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first reveal back free at GT q, UI, p.com, slash, h3, there's a lot of problems online when you're working or you're at work. If you work for somebody or your own boss, there's so many great software's out there to help, you fix the problems you have and you don't even know, they're out there. Well kaptara! That's why they're here to help you find the exact perfect software for the perfect fix to the problem that is gonna make your life a thousand times easier. You can download their big book of free software for free at kaptara, comm, / h3. They are a free resource to help you find that perfect, beautiful software they've got over 300 different software tools and again their big book of free software can help. You find a completely free tool to test today, and it is absolutely free. It will not cost a penny. So, if you're looking for a new project management tool, recruiting software or even email, marketing solutions, cap, tears, big book of free software has got something for you so head on over to kaptara, calm, / h3 today to get that big old book a free software, that's kaptara, capt, eerr, a.com, slash, h3, kaptara com, / h3 ring is the product that is so brilliant, so revolutionary. It sells itself now. Let me give you a personal anecdote. We live in Los, Angeles and there's been a lot of break-ins in general in the Los Angeles area and I think that what deters people more than anything is seeing a ring. Now, if you see they've got it's a first of all, it's a doorbell that has a motion sensor. So when somebody approaches the door, it sends you a mobile notification and it saves the video and immediately uploads it to the cloud. So we've got one at the doorbell and then we've got security cameras floodlights that instantly activate and blast with light and record the same way all around the house. So in a sense, there's almost no way to approach the house without us being notified and then checking the video it doesn't matter like even alarm systems can fail you if you don't, have a shatterproof, a shadow detector. They could break it through the window and leave without even being seen, motion detectors, they'll go off even if your lump goes off. The police aren't gonna, arrive for another 30 minutes because they're trying to call you a bunch of times with ring, you see everything. That's going on. There's no surprises. You could call the police immediately. Besides that somebody's stealing packages some cuties come in leaving you a love note you all know who it was. You know everything that's going around your house. This product is changing the world. I love it now as a listener. You have a special offer on ring starter kit available right now with a video, doorbell and motion-activated floodlight cam. The starter kit has everything you need to build a ring of security around your home, so go to ring.com, slash, HT 3 that is ring.com. Slash, h, 3, I'm, telling you this is a revolutionary product. I am so happy that we've got it in our home. 23Andme is a beautiful, easy-to-use, fascinating service that analyzes, your DNA from you simply spitting in a little tube, send it off and two weeks later you learn all this interesting stuff about yourself and your family, for example, you're gonna, learn where you're from and that's and for me this is one of the most interesting things because over the last thousand years you it's so interesting to see where all these people come from. It's all there and your spit discover how much Neanderthal DNA you have. You can also connect with relatives and find other customers who share your DNA with other ancestors and this Thanksgiving there's no better thing to do than sit around with your family, get all the DNA testing and you can finally blame all your shortcomings and everything wrong in your life on your parents and- and it turns out, none of that stuff is your fault at all, including Fupa size. You can literally brain blame your parents, your genetics on Fupa size, so there you have it now through Thanksgiving 23 me 23 me, ancestry, service kids are only $49 per ket. When you buy two or more kits. That's 50% off the regular kit price of $99. This holiday order, your 23andme ancestry service kit at 23andme, dot-com, slash a tree, that's the numbers, 23andme dot-com, / h3. Welcome back to the h3 bug has all right with us. Is the wonderful Tom Segura Christine Appy pleasure to be here. We were talking about all kinds of things, but you know I also a couples therapy I did actually I did start therapy reason, I, love it and it's been nice. It's been good yeah. It's only been like five sessions. Do you like it yeah you find it beneficial. Well, the thing about it is that there's that cough, it's very much I, know gosh gee, dad coughing, I! Guess: oh yeah I start thinking about things that, like I, never thought it just puts everything in perspective. You know this stain is very much not the stain. You know what I'm saying mm-hmm as you, but it's been good doing good friend, oh good, yeah, I'm glad thank you. Bob yeah, of course, I. Don't know how people don't see therapists honestly, like how do you not I'm, just so helpful I make it or not, but I do want to especially having a kid I'll tell you it having. Children is very healing on on one hand, and then it dredges up a lot of other stuff on the other yeah. That's what I'm kind of worried about to I don't want all this damage pass on to the kid so I want to figure it out. Yeah yeah, it's a very or hand. Yes, yeah! It's good! No I! Just don't want to be insane all the time too. Yes, which affects the kid sure yeah right, but but I do I know you guys are Garth Brooks fans. Yes, I, love, Garth, Brooks, that's a gay street hashtag! Why make yeah hashtag they're together it your day your mister year? Well, I can't I can't what well first for all of our viewers. Let's first watch Garth ready to give y'all a little taste, and then we can kind of better get inside his head, because Garth Brooks I don't understand. What's going on they don't this to I. Think it's important because we talk about it. When we talk about him, it's important for people, not in the note, because it's fair that there's different genres and you don't know who knows what to recognize how inconceivably famous this guy is good. It is out of this world, it's bonkers, I think and I may be wrong, but last time we were talking about him on the show yeah he's like the number two or maybe the number one best-selling art. Although our merit yeah, like here's the thing he out like the big niwap stars of today, you know Bruno Mars Beyonce, like he is doing stadiums like we're, [ __, ] football games are played and they sell out under an hour he's a thumb with a cowboy hat, yep yeah, it's other level, but you know that he was. The I saw thing of him on Ellen and he uh he put out like an anthology thing like just released one, and it was like this and even she goes Jesus Christ she goes. This is Volume. One like there's gonna, be more he's like I. Think so he's like most people release these. When they're dead, that's no fun yeah, he just puts out wait, raise Iike that Ellen say: Christ Jesus Christ, you [, __, ] hillbilly doesn't curse, slapped him in the face and said Benton is a [ __ ] monster, [ __ ] suck now yeah. He doesn't curse. No, no. She didn't say Ellen -, cuz I find her fascinating as well, but look also super famous, let's yeah, really, yes, I think so. - I think so too, but but Garth. But here's why we find him fascinating because look uh, no one's disputing that he's very talented and he's very successful. We're not dumping on this guy for that. But it's that there's something that doesn't read like. Don't understand the man yeah right, something's, not adding up. You know what it is. It's like if you go what' Ethan like what's Gila like what's Christina like and you go, this is kind of their personality with him. It feels like a manufactured personality in the social media posts. It always feels like I'm, saying the right thing at the right time, just when it feels that reads to a lot of people as inauthentic yeah I'm, not saying that necessarily is Ethan. But he reads like asking me: if, if it's just like a soup or is he like like yeah? Is he just you fork and I say I, don't think citing is a creep, because the way he's in videos he's just like thank thank God for my life, like he's just this euphoric guy, like maybe that's just who we it I, think if maybe I like I want world peace. I think what happens to is like you. Do these three hour plus shows 280 hundred thousand people screaming everyone's, like you're, the great like that many people, you're you're the say who are you're the bet that he walks around, like you know like that. Well loud text, everyone watching, let's, let's enjoy some of the recent- highlights, okay of the beautiful and wonderful, a national treasure. If you will mark Brooks hieroglyphs in my dream, for us to love one another, he means an area because borderline that almost like, if you took the words out that is like I'd like to [ __ ] you in the ass hard tonight. You know it's like a weird sexual tag. It's not he's saying that his wish for what was that was the beginning world peace yeah. My wish for all of us to love each other I know, but the wish, but it's like for this Christmas. Yes, like one of those things it's like. What's your wish he's like what my wish is for world peace? Oh yes, II know. First of all, when I was like, what's your wish, you know what do you world peace? No, no you're not well see, that's the real question. What is Garza wish? Well, he has everybody's Garth's wish I. He doesn't know by the way I've seen him wear this shirt, this Nike shirt in multiple press outings, which makes me also think that he's like it's kind of this. What people wear yeah, that's what it is. Tommy I think you've you've hit on it. He's pretending he's pretending to be a purse he's actually like a Billy dude yeah. Yes, this is a deal where he's gonna do right. Now, no [ __ ] he's gonna earn like four hundred million dollars. Something is that country music is all about I'm, just an average Joe yeah I [ __ ], my cousin, but that's okay, the Yankees don't like it, but we think it's alright yeah, and so it's actually when it's not, and it's all about it's all about still being I'm keeping it real and I'm just a down I'm, just one of y'all shucks. It's like no you're, not you not have it yet, but yeah! That's the thing is that it's good? It's all about I'm! Just like y'all, all this money, [ __ ], don't mean listen. I may have a jet stream 5 yeah, but all this money, [ __ ], don't mean nothing when you can't [ __ ] your cousin yeah, alright, let's watch this have some fun: let's get physical' playing music, I love that thank you for my life. This thank you for my life. God bless you guys. Thank you! Instagram! It's on hashtag, ask Garth, ask me anything: okay, hashtag happy! That's my mr. year what Oh hash tag you're it? What do you mean? Oh, hey, hey he's making it rain. Do you think? Do you think that those four second stairs are because he's told somebody like like when I'm done, I smile, you let that [ __ ] [ __ ] roll, so they know no! No! But do you think he's like I think when I'm done talking you'll know I'm [, __ ] done when I and then just let it roll people like when I smile and they're like all right, yeah he's posing for a photo with for his aunt yeah, exactly yeah, and he just holds it keys and also what's disingenuous about the smile cuz real smiles, your face lights up, yeah, it's in the eyes. The smile is always in the idea and the smile doesn't match the eyes right. So it's just the cheese like a three-year-old gonna tell you to smile the picture yeah like [ __, ], John, Wayne Gacy, when I look at his face, I mean yeah. Dang dingus his skin, so real he's a [, __ ] official dad, yes like he could be yes. On the dead front, page of dad weekly big dad stinking was the daughter of your cuz I'm called the daughter of your cousin yeah. Well, you have a cousin, never know I'm setting it up. I was just trying to set up a country song where, just because my daughter is my second cousin, don't move yep, don't mean I love her any less [Music] remind me, [, __, ] crickets thing: that's brutal, oh yeah, I love that I like that. I really like that. I want to watch that one again, because this is that we've watched it on this podcast, but it's such a [ __ ], masterpiece yeah. That is one of my favorites. Oh yeah, I! Guess it's official [Laughter]! You know what's happening, though, is that this is picking up steam now on Twitter. That Garth Brooks is feed is weird like this is we're starting away of you guys. You know, he's gonna, see, he's not gonna understand he's like okay, okay, 20 million fold, and he can be like well I'm. [ __ ] Garth Brooks; no, no, but it's like 90 million people that want to see you be weird. No Millennials I want to say Tim and Eric make episode with Garth Brooks like they would tell me why, though, you know. Listen, this human, a hot dog yeah! Oh, is this Vic burgers cut No I asked this question to Y on Trish's birthday. Is he taking well? Why is he taking over Trish's socials for her birthday? It's like how is that a present gift? The gift is that I'm, the bastard you're not gonna, take over. You could have made a post on your own social like send her. Some love he's, like you know what I'm not gonna, [ __ ] post on my own social page, yeah I'm gonna. Do it on yours right that when her fans open their life and gods Garth, this is awesome. Thank God, yeah, hashtag, I'm, mister, I'm, mister Yearwood. Today, that's her les, that's her last name. So what he's doing is doing this condescending thing of like I'm, the megastar she's down here, but I'm I'm, so humble I'm, down-home! Yes, yes, today, yes, today, yeah the thing man, it's like that um. That post is a what is that that's a perfect husband, post, yeah cuz, it's like from the beginning. It's like I, love her so much yeah and show her how much you love her - just put pictures of cakes and Tager, it's like. So, if you watch that you're like oh this guy's, just this normal sweet guy, just loves his wife, it's [, __ ] hobby. That's what I want to either thinks eel as this amazing, authentic and transparent, and this one too is like pay attention to those odd wastes like octave changes, they're, so they're, so deliberate and the choice to do them, they're deliberate and they don't line up like why you would go like well. Yeah I, really like the other thing about this. But the thing about this is that it's so rehearsed. It's like! Yes, it's like beat for beat like I feel like this is take 100, oh yeah, and he sent it to an assistant and goes just finished. This gold [ __, ] post it right now, [ __, ] and then the guy said there was a very telling mom. She said to put it when he was reporting to us from Studio G yeah and he was doing his. You know spontaneous Garth thing and then the door opened suddenly and he's like. Is that supposed to happen? And you can see the rage behind his eyes and what it is it's his birthday and they're surprising him with a cake. It's a fraction. It was inside Studio, G yeah, you see the rage behind it and make sure I'll be up there for y'all I'll be singing my songs and then he goes. Is that supposed to happen? He's like happy birthday to G yeah that song that's on a Facebook studio, G, post inside studio, G, or that one behind that moment was it on boring. Facebook I want to see. If, when he's, when he's giving you backstage, he does like a G alert and he does he's like hey. Look at all this uh like it was rehearsal, soundcheck and he's telling you how, like everybody they come to my show. Sometimes they're like look at that guy, look at that guy, so neat watching everybody else work like trying to give credit like that lighting guy, it's so neat yeah, and then he goes. He goes. Hey Dave turned that down hey Dave turn it down, and you can see days like. Oh, my, like yeah, dude I bet he's a I really like that. Is it control he's a dictator is the way I think he is. This is a guy whose music never ended up on iTunes get an exclusive deal with Walmart. That means he's business savvy, but he's also really in control. He's really calling shot and also, let's talk about his alter ego, Chris gains. All do goldmine is just bizarre. This games is one of the weirdest thing that ever happens. One of the weirdest things ever happened for people. They don't know he got so famous and bored being Garth that he created an Australian I think alter-egos very was died. Let me throw but here's the other thing. Savagery of this way, we have a fault, is that Chris was almost wiped entirely do Internet. Do you know how hard it is to do that? Damn near it's important, really, I mean there's very little out there he's coming back, because people are talking about Chris, gay dude. He this whole kind of Garth, Brooks meme, that's brewing! It's gonna be something new for him, because you cannot. What? If I is against me more fair for a while yeah and then it like it built it built it pissed him off, and then they were like guess what Garth Brooks has 10 bodies buried on this [ __ ] land like he? That would make sense. Yeah he's been. He talked about that when he did Chris Gaines photoshoots, he would suck his cheeks and because Chris wasn't supposed to be as big as Garth, you can see I think he looks cute as Chris Gaines, I'm, diggin, Chris Gaines, he's kind of gone off and kind of hot, it's cool. It is an odd choice, though right to be so it's it's essentially like right, like the biggest starring music being like I'm done. I'm gonna. Do this! You realize, because I was reading, how much Garth stuff that when he did this, you know no one could talk him out of it right there. Do you think his manager I'm talking about of this? Don't do this and he was like I'm Chris, gay I'm doing it and then they're like it did poorly. Obviously like it wasn't, it was a disaster, but still just people knowing that it was him doing it. I think I want to say it moved somewhere close to a million still so that that's still like that's a huge yeah yeah, but he was like I'm still 25 million I'm sure, just what I do Ben I and then they're like not only sold a million yeah. He was like aw that sucks, but I think it's part of that that insane ego egos ISM, where he's like I'm gonna, go, make pop music and be an emo singer yeah and succeeded. That was looked it up. His Chris Gaines album one double platinum, oh and it's considered a tremendous failure. That is how successful that guy's used to being I, guess. Well, actually, I, remember, reading and correct me. If I'm wrong, they had like this huge release and they bought tons of albums and was filling all the music stores. And while he did sell a lot, there was yeah a little bit of overstock yeah, sorry I know I'm just reeling I'm. Also thinking of rock stars, I'm, sorry, actors that become rock stars. It's like I'm, really successful. In this thing, let's [ __ ] that up by trying, let's list who we can think of yeah Juliette Lewis is doing it. She does that, yes, in a rock band she's like acting kinda, great I, think she does Bruce Willis did well aesthetically, oh yeah. Oh you got to see that Keanu canoe. We did yes, Depp Johnny Depp. Did it very actively? Did it the greatest of all time? Segal, of course, plays oh wow Heller, okay, yeah! This is really something there was one Billy, Bob, Thornton I, don't know. If you guys recall, he was very serious about that. Okay, there's another one, he went on a late-night show I recall and they were- and he was like I'm only here to talk about my music Eddie Murphy and that guy is an amazing voice, but somehow it was just the corniest thing ever true, but I'm just awful and he was like I, don't want to even he joined Twitter I want to say he joined Twitter to put out a music video yeah and people were like that. He was just like I'm bad about now. I will say the person the one person I can think of who it really worked for was Donald Glover. Oh, that's, true, he's childish, gambino that is Drake. Okay was actor oh yeah, for but that's this is like Donald. Glover can actually really do all those things he's yeah. You know he can he's really good at it. So I think some of the other guys we're talking about like 15 plus years of being a movie star like you're a household name, and they do a thing. Bro ya, see you saying man ya: wasn't you shoot [ __ ] I want to ask you guys about a story, sure don't know what to make of it. It's one of the most bizarre things yeah. So let me let me start here: okay, there was a teacher who was in a hot water after getting into a fistfight with a 14 year old student after the student berated him calling him the n-word and throwing a basketball at him Jesus. So now there's a video there's, a video of this. No. This is what's so crazy to me. Let me show you the video first and I'll tell you about the aftermath, which is really what's perplexing to me. So let's enjoy this right in our American school system and Akshay I'll skip forward to where the good stuff happens. You can tell this kids a little piece of [ __ ] [Music] wait first of all yeah at this point it is. It is insane that for me that a student is like just like in front of class saying this [ __ ] to you, I, don't know what leads to this, but it's crazy to watch. Well, apparently, the back story is that this teacher was beloved by the school uh-huh and he is meant he is seen to be very calm, nice guy right, but I guess something just snaps in him and this moment as you'll see. But this kids, like he's a [ __ ] we and he's trying to get under him right, yeah, yeah, yeah and I- think they have a history. Okay as well. These schools are rough. They like broken I, mean it's obviously not okay at all, but I think that kid he's probably doing that for a while yeah that's [, __ ] crazy. It's crazy to see. He really goes after him to Italy, just one punch: what's a grown ass men, but now here he asked like he doesn't remember what happened: [Music] yeah he's plant he's playing uh. He was like who hit me what happened? Yeah, yeah yeah he's smart and we know we missed it. Just prior to where you started, it was when he had a basketball. The kid oh yeah threw it at him what yeah, so he actually did get the physical aspect of it did I miss it, and maybe it's when it's still vertical. Okay. Well, that's all so. The kid throws the basketball at the teacher yeah. So so here's the part where it's really surprising. Well, what do you I feel bad for everybody? Yeah the rough school I'm sure that, where, where is life it's in LA, it's here in LA, I, think that's what I read Portola jr. I went there's a music teacher of all things. Yeah I went to, but I did go to a public school or two of them in LA and they're, pretty horrible yeah, the ones I went to that's pretty much some [ __ ] that happens yeah. You can thank you, some really bad homes and it's hard I, don't know how to deal with a kid like that. You know, but regardless so now, opinions are deeply divided, yeah, and here this is the part that blew me away. This guy is apart, I mean he's. Definitely gonna be fired right, yeah he's definitely gonna think so. But then now there's a GoFundMe for this guy. They $150,000 God and I, was like holy [ __ ]. What does it say here is that him, yeah yeah, hey buddy one's real I, just want y'all know a would Maywood Academy high school. He was, he was sent to jail, I, really salted a child yeah yeah where's. It said it said that what you've seen the video I will not post here and sadly, he was handcuffed and sent to jail, which does make sense kind of I, mean kind of I mean he assaulted. He beat the [ __ ] out like if he threw one punch I would be like uh. He was threatened, but then he's like beat this. You know: yeah, hey, listen, I, understand, kids trigger the [ __ ] out of you, but you can't hit him. That's a really! He he went after that game and started beating away Oh way. South Ola Bible, it's uh I mean I. Think everyone relates to that teachers feeling or you just I mean. If you're you can't do that. You know I feel bad for everybody, but I saw that they raised a hundred and fifty thousand that blew me away. I was like yeah. Why happened to the kid go ahead? Kick it there's no news! It's just mr. Reilly is uh. They did actually expel the kid I did yeah. Well, then, but not like they're they're, transferring him to a different school. So like try and cut down on the drama, basically I mean look. This thing is popping off five 100. This is three minutes ago: yeah I fit really is so there you go dude I wish I wonder if some would do that. For me, hmm, you know I really think about that. Just you can punch me in the face right now or vice versa. Whatever one one of people will be like you know, we got it. We got a pellet. We got out yeah step up for Tom I've, never seen a teacher hit a kid I've. No, it's not well. One time, I had I saw a teacher choke a kid. Oh yeah, at Pine, Crest he's a nice private school I went to I was in kindergarten, and this kid wouldn't stop eating Roly Polys. You know those little yeah bugs and I think her name was Miss Dora lien choked him once at times. You know it was wildly it was a 1980 yeah. What yeah it was now I'm. Just remembering this and she choked him and he turned red I. Remember she that'll teach you not to eat roly poly, you know I having flashbacks. Now too yeah we had a principal and he wasn't fired for this and I found it quite traumatic. There was this girl. She was just seemed fine, but she was really anti-authority and this was like in fifth grade and he came into the class and he whispers something to her like office and we're all watching. It was like a whole scene and she's like no I'm not getting up and he grabs her arm and he Yanks are so hard. The desk falls over and he dress and she drags her by the arm. What age we were in fifth grade, so what the [ __ ] and he wasn't fired for that they thought that was all good. His name was mr. Monday. My Mitch makes sense. Everybody, [, __, ], hates Monday. I, remember, see, I, remember, hearing things, I never saw teacher really do something that crazy, but I do remember, seeing we had a troubled like a troublemaker kid and in high school and he was [ __ ] off and like one of the you know, administration people came in the room and a big guy and the way that he yelled at this kid who was already a bad kid. We were all like holy [, __ ] man I feel like I turned like he goes like you're, never gonna amount to [, __, ], you're, nothing and you're, and, like everybody lectured him like that, and he just got really aggressive. We were all like [ __ ], to hear an adult yell at a kid who's already problematic and be like you're not going to amount to [ __ ], nothing. We were like Bob, it was. It was way. It was more brutal than I think seeing somebody get hit just after he. He just tore him down. That's crazy, yeah. The thing is I. Actually now that I'm, a little more mature and having a baby soon I understand that kids, these kids are already kind of fun like yeah. They came up in a bad place. Why they're so [ __ ] up, so they are blameless in a sense and he like is he got it right with this guy too so [ __ ], the kid was a piece you call him since yeah and while that was happening, you're like I'm gonna, see if he's right, it didn't go. Well, it didn't turn out well, the question is, would he be if he didn't get that? Maybe he was destined, he was, it was gonna, be I was always gonna be rough for him. I'm gonna ended up being pretty rough. It is so true man, all those kids I grew up with -. There was one kid they used to flip his eyelids and write on his arm and permanent marker, and he was like hyperactive and crazy, like he grew up to be a drug dealer and a loser. - yeah, you know kind of know when they're losers, kids, even I, can tell a preschool when I drop. My kid off, my god, kids, a [, __ ], loser problem is free school already, yeah, oh yeah problem. Is they have shitty parents? That's right! You got to pay attention. Those parent, you see, you'll, see it right away. You'll start to key on it more now, but when you do like go to a park or something- and you see you look at the adult, this [ __ ] no way no way yeah, you just start a whole new world, aw dude, here's the thing my mistake: cuz I started going in those Mommy and Me classes and stuff and I thought. Oh, it's like this cool sorority like we're all in this club of people that birth other people and all these women are gonna, be awesome and it turns out it's just like a [ __ ] office like when you're working in office and you're, like 90% of these people, suck it really hard yeah, and maybe there's like two cool people. Well, you don't to everyone. Can [ __ ] out a baby? That's the thing like I'm, starting to feel with ela pregnant. It feels so special and amazing, yeah, exciting and I'm already like love this kid so much and feels incredible. Iii-I'll though anything I can related to is our dog which I since we got him has been like the center of my life. I love you so much yeah and I'm, like oh, my god. This baby's gonna be like way beyond that yeah and, and it feels like so unique and special, and then you realize that everybody's got a [, __ ] kid, that's part of the problem, but do you realize how many of them you ever think about how many of them don't go like? Oh, this is the [ __ ], most amazing thing like there's. Definitely a lot of people like that who are like yes, we're having a kid. That's right, mom I said a lot of people are like that yeah and they just treat it like big deal. I think it just really I think mean he'll I got so lucky and art the timing of it. We've got everything in the right place. I could see if I, if I had a baby, when I was 18 that baby, we [ __ ], so yeah I think about that a lot that baby would be [, __ ], oh yeah, think about when you busted in some chick and you're, like [ __ ]. If she had had that kid I'd be left, be bummed. Yeah I'd be like talking to like my 22 year old son right now, yeah and he'd be like. Where were you? I was trying to do [, __, ] man, things are all right now, don't you want to go to Jamaica? Let's no thank you I mean you probably. Would you probably, wouldn't you probably be driving a truck or something yeah probably I mean I, don't know what you're Oh capacity you would not be living your dream. Yeah, you want know what I mean, but have you had those thoughts, though about like this skank that skank some other skanky dokey tow? All the chicks? Are you dumping all those clips into those valley, wagons and you're, just like man that could have been my baby mama nasty? How many women can we talk about yeah partners, all the time, yeah call me it's gotta be less than here we go with the horse, [ __ ]. Let me tell you: I won't lie you think he lies about me. No okay, never told me a firm number love. You [ __, ], that you can't ballpark, here's the it's not that hot. What it is is this. This is the truth. I didn't have many relationships, so there's like I'll. Think of the members. Oh, it's not that and then, as I'm counting I'm like oh yeah, there was that beach week, where I met that chick, so um well, I couldn't even tell what race J was like before I became monogamous with Ella I did all this and I have like a firm rough estimate in my head and obviously that account has not done up but I'm around that yeah yes same here, I'm, not much more high higher above that. Why don't you just guess? Maybe that is weird I think no I'm saying that it changes every five years, I think so yeah I think so no it's like I think it's like I think it's somewhere between 14 and 19. You don't say and that's a big difference. Well, I guess you do have some life. There are some weekends in college and yeah. That's my talk. There are some you forget for sure there are. How are you forgetting who your jacket you're, always hooking up with people you're in relationships with and I didn't want to I wanted it to be like yo, sup, [, __ ], no I would just take her back. I get it but I already crunched the numbers yeah. You know, I I really thought about it. One day and I was like oh yeah, there was no yeah. They were all almost all bad by the way I feel like random. Hooking up wasn't always just so [ __ ]. It wasn't Wow I, don't I'm not built for dating I'm a monogamous. All the way I mean I could I could not survive in today's like disposable, human, like swiping, left, I'm, sorry I, think maybe I think we could figure I. Think I really do think it's like 15 or something okay, but I. Just haven't that's really hammered it's nothing! Crazy, 50 plus, is no wait. What's your number we didn't address. It's very small, very small. It's like less than five. No, it's good she's, a good wait. How many it's three so interesting! I know me and another one, but I don't know if what the third one is. Now you have your own data problem, I'm Carrie, but it's not a you know about him, we'll talk about it. Yes, let's talk about it later now, I'm pissed, actually no I know about it. What's your number it's under 10? What's the number you gave me sure the backhoe on number last time I had a new fresh nick, it's what now 14, rusty and ashy I will give you credit for this. You know their names. I know their names. I know who they are I would say: 85% I, don't know their name. That's where I know, 85% I wouldn't know their name now excited behind is like short asian bald, like I know that stuff about them, but I, don't know anything else. You're crazy, but looking back I think a lot of like the one-night stands. I had was just like you know. What it is is that I was always looking for monogamy, but it was always just almost like a confidence thing. I was secure and you just want to be like feel desirable, dude. This is why we are [ __ ], one I'm, exactly the same I'm serious, yeah I'm, exactly the same I was the same way. I was looking for a relationship and lacked the confidence to insecure and then I would just you know, do that and then be and a half the time I swear to you. I was you'd. Think I was the guy that was like hooking up later. I was like what are you doing later and then the girl would be like uh like going home. You played it real cool with me, then. What do you mean you weren't, you weren't like that with me, I feel like I was the one that was like come on. Let's do it yeah, because you were like a total s. Lut, but I was not really that's not what that means. I saw office it. No. She was a triple DSL UT when I met her and then I was like you were. You were like. Let's smash come on, stop being a [ __, ], okay, so Tom then, as she dick I should date. Yet he was supposed to be my first one, nice Dan, cuz I was just out of a relationship of four years and I said I'm gonna. Finally, do this what everyone else has been doing: yeah I'm gonna, just [ __ ], a person that I think is cute and just move on with it. So he was supposed to be a nightstand and I just liked him too much. That's kind of great beautiful I threw some really good. D down. I was I was really giving it to you. It was performing. Are you really yeah yeah and- and you concur- you were like. Oh. That was a good liked him so much and he was great in bed and he was I smelled. Great I mean I would see here's the thing I was twenty five yeah cheese, I was okay, I was really thinner. Longer no he's I, think he's even cuter. I think you're cuter now yeah, like you, don't ever say on I, don't I don't hear as smashing the D. Also ether ISA you're, the cutest come on yeah he'll atomic I would say that no right how cute either it's okay, though I I'm secured enough now I do require a little coddling. I, do want a little affirmation, you know, but I'm okay I require a lot. I would like a lot. Yeah I see you and I are similar. That way where I'm I, like the praise, I like the pets I, want it all affection but I get by and what I know that person yeah, but I I, lay it on here. Right, I give it to you right, yeah and you like it, because you give what you yeah, yeah and I'm always like, but I mean what I say and I want you to feel good and happy, but I want to hear that I'm cute! Okay. Can we maybe so now we're waiting? So how do I look? Okay? Okay? How do you show? How do you show Ethan that you love yeah? What's yours, you're no I know I love. You brings me good morning. Oh I, do she was there you go I'm defending that. She wants me coffee and that's very small ways, but something I go downstairs. I, make it and bring out the first of all. I want to clarify that you're not doing this every day, he'll isn't going down and cooking breakfast and like taking care of know. Sometimes- and sometimes it's me by the way I just want to make this picture clear. Sometimes so surprised me with coffee in the morning. I think that's very sweet, yeah I appreciate remember when she used to do that before the yeah before we had the second baby. I was bringing you coffee, but then I got a run down to that. Second baby I think you look super foxy. We do things you, like my mom glasses, my mom eyes, I like it a lot. This is great I do this is like the Valentine's Day episode, yeah, but I have to stay, and you know what Tom's been doing heat will make marital love and then he'll be like I didn't fart that whole time you usually fart during sex, no I never do but I'm saying sometimes I. Look for a little bit of approval for doing that. Like I'll, be like. Do you realize that I had to fart the whole time and I didn't yeah I feel like I? Would fart yeah I feel like I would because I have a personal, it's a principle that I will never hold a car. You cute I will never hold a fart yeah, but you said: do you like you didn't even know? I was farting there. No I haven't noticed I, don't remember specific times, but I, don't I own principle. Do not hold farts in I I. Think it's a good move to hold him in probably during sex, though you think you would just let it go. Yeah really I think she'd be like hey man. Maybe you, let's take a break well, so far, hey no, not even a sex break for a second, it's like, let's air, this thing out. Let's pick this up next week, yeah go back to your jerking once a day. Thank you, everything I, don't know it. Yeah I, don't know if I'm just saying that I I'd generally I'm not I'm against holding farts. That's just my principle in life. Why are you one of my guiding principles? Tom likes it when I buy him stuff. You like presents right, see he's right there, because what else do I do a lot I give you presents what you're like what you got: gift giver, I love, giving gifts really yeah I, always I've always been a gift giving and I guess that is true. It's like you're kind of saying, like hey once you give me some, it is no. What you do is you all night? That is a good relationship tip for Mon, washing if you're with your significant others, see what they do for you when they're being nice, that's what they want. That's what they want! Yeah! Hmm! You want me to bring you coffee right. Yes, I! Want you to bring me coffee too. All right, no worries tell you, but I have to say I, do love being monogamous, yes, I, love and I can share this sentiment with you guys because you guys are the greatest, but I love so much being in a good monogamous relationship is the best. It's amazing yeah, yeah, I, wouldn't I, don't know how to funk I mean I was obviously single before that and I. Don't think it was for me, you know, I, really, don't I think that I feel much more grounded and normal and everything in a committed relationship, yeah and even more so with babies. Yeah I was just gonna say that, but actually it wasn't until we had children I. Think that you really you I, just see you really happy. Now, like the we come home when Ellis, our son is almost three years old and you know they play together and it's it's the cutest thing ever it's really nice, it's really fun. It's really fun. Yeah I mean what is Oh dances, stop futzing with your mic. It keeps going high yeah, but um yeah, it's the best. Monogamy is the best Oh I remembered the cricket. So you cricket drop right. Let people know so a cricket. Obviously, is it's cold as it's so [ __ ] mean to drop I mean you know it's funny among friends, but I'm saying in real life. They do it to do cricket I. Do that, like an unready bombs, you know, like me, you're absolutely reeling in that moment that that feel that oh yeah, it feels bad right. The universal you're bombing yeah, so I was working a comedy club and to be like real, clear, like the comics, are obviously separate from all staff. There's no such really as staff, unless there's a long history mm-hmm getting in on the joking right- and there was this guy and he wasn't very good and he was trying stand up definitely later than he should have been trying. He started at like I know he started at like in like the he was a corporate guy I'm talking like a suit, you know and he's and he's and he's he all sudden gets. This thing I wanted to stand up and he works out a deal where, like these clubs, he would do provide some service like on the business side, and then they would let him host shows. It was a bad deal for both. So that's almost a betrayal to him, because you kind of earned that exactly or doomed that was really weird. He was taking spots from like working comics. It was weird so I do a weekend where he is hosting the show and he's funny I mean you look he's not the worst, but he's just not it's not good, and you could tell this probably isn't gonna pan out hmm and the DJ. The sound guy from the DJ booth during this guy set in front of a packed house like the guy would hit a joke and that DJ would play cricket. Oh my god. What are you doing because it was so cruel and like, but also like kind of ballsy, like the guy in a weird way, didn't deserve that I mean he deserve being [ __ ] with, but like, though, the whole thing is burned into my memory, because I also felt for him onstage I'm, like you can't do that to him, but thank you so much. He was like a [ __ ] you, man, like he snapped back and I, was like I. Remember: I was sitting the battery room I'm like I've, never seen that I've never seen attendance I've never seen the second stage, [ __ ]. This comment well hits crickets mob, welcome to the shoot podcast, because with that at least several times in T, but I like that between you guys I, wouldn't do it to like I guess dude. That would be insane like. If we didn't tell you good work, we're friends like say it's just some random person, it's a, but you could bet you could really the wrong sensibility with that person. It could be like you know what this was nice meeting. You guys absolutely walk out. You guys as comics definitely have an aversion to the crickets. Oh yeah man for sure me, no [, __, ] I feel better. If that wasn't an option. Yeah yeah forget if you've taken a [, __ ] today or not I, just first said to [ __ ] for a couple of hours. When are you not never not [ __ ]? There should be your Twitter. So let me tell you guys: some I have some new [ __ ] update. All of our so I was taking Metamucil, which is uh. As you know, you know what Metamucil yeah yeah helps make rounds. Yeah and so I ran it at a Metamucil and I started, taking Costco generic. Why? Why? Because it was there, what does it matter well hold on conclusions, because since I started taking these generics Mike you'll have super turned on right now are you are cute I talked to you about [ __ ], or they what happened with this generic amazing? Perfect little nuggets really I'm. Talking like strong. When do you take the Nuggets? What time of day usually I'll take two with every meal, two with every meal? Well you're supposed to take like 20 in a day. You know what I know know where it says: take five five times a day, there's way too much. I agree: it's insane tomorrow, I'm, just a guy trying to have some clean checks. What about cocoa lace? Kool-Aid sounds it's a colon in know: it's a stool softener! You take it after you give birth to start the the engine again, I mean that's, not you you're, taking like too many capsules a day. That's a lot of fiber! All my shits look, [ __, ], fantastic I want to take photos of them. How's. The wiping, when that, when I [ __ ], like that, it's like I know, did you get a lien. My you have a good wash lit now, but I do want to I want to go to it up. Yeah, it's our list. We we're doing like a gate and yeah we've got a lot of blinds. Yeah see I got some privacy, man I know, I need I do, but I am actually curious. When you have the baby mm-hmm tell me what happens, you have the baby and then you take the baby home and then you're just at home, with the baby yeah like on baby number, two having a baby number two. What so this both times we've lived pretty close to the hospital. You know not more than a ten minute drive, really mm-hmm on the drive home. This time, I pulled over just to double-check cuz I was like. Is he all right? Is he strangled by the time they're so small in that gear driving home? So wait, yeah they're like this right? That's what your car do. You have an accident or anything? Oh yeah, you pack them in there and the first, the first cup we didn't even know how to buckle a kid into the car. We need to ask the nurse to come out. No, you take that baby home and you're sleep-deprived already cuz you I've been giving you know. You gave birth 24 48 hours before and now you've got this being and it's we did shift it's so terrifying. We take shifts I remember we were watching a Star Wars movie yeah and we uh. It was like six days later and we were 15 minutes into this. Then you think I'm gonna watch it and then you'd wake up cuz the baby woke up and then you know, it'd be like 3:30 and she'd be like go to bed I'd go to bed and she'd, be on the. Were you guys just like off during that time use clear yeah. It was kind of great cuz. It was December yeah and your December 14. Thank you. So it's right before the holidays. So it was. It was your birthday yeah, but you're gonna have a summer baby, which is kind of even better cuz you're. Not into cold and flu season, they read you that don't take the baby into the mall, it's gonna catch this airborne diseases and that's nice because in the summer the days are longer. So it's that's true. It's gonna be not easier for you and we're gonna, take like two weeks off for sure. I think it'll take longer I just hope, so yeah I'm, just gonna, come in and do the podcast or something I don't know. Is that enough? We were wanting you to take as much time as you want I'm for you. Well, I'm, gonna run in and yeah I think it'll be fun to talk to everybody about. What's going on yeah, it's not a big commitment got some I got some ideas for you, but I'm, so I'm very excited to spending like just that family time. It's great you'll! Never get that again. You know especially first baby. Is that the scariest moment like with that first baby, you just bring in moments. Well, here's what you can do to help. If you have a mom who you want to have around you, who some people don't I done, and so, if you don't have a parent or some maternal figure that can walk you through it hire someone. If you can have want it, if you can't afford it hire someone hire a doula somebody who can help you through your pregnancy and delivery and be there just to take care of you and that baby and your family, because we were lucky, we had a girl come and cook for us a little and help us out. You know yeah, it's kind of I mean my mom plans to come visit me there for a couple weeks. When would you give birth and my mom lives here yeah there is that that thing is like the first 90 days. That's that's best the hairiest yeah yeah! That's what you want to get through just know that after the first 90 days it gets a lot easier. They turn into babies and get all cute. You start to see personnel. Are you open? You were telling me about the the car ride home. Yeah finish that sorted. You know. Just that I was I started, I was like he's here all right and she was like yeah. Fine I was like I, don't know and she was like. Do you want to pull over yeah I want to pull over I pulled over and I just I mean it was like one of those like OCD kind of yeah you're, like did I did I just like the door. I like it was like that I. Just you know, I was like yeah he's all right. I just had to double-check, even though you know worth it. Yeah yeah, of course, all over real, quick yeah. That's the thing yeah, so you spend the night in the hospital for a day or two. So it depends on the delivery. You have an easy peasy, you know cut whatever debris. Post-Delivery most deliberate becomes a blaster UV hole and in it and there's no complications you could be out of the hospital within like 48 hours right, hmm, if you have a c-section, they might keep you there from like three to five days from what I understand Wow. So it's a lot. They monitor you because they want to make sure you know, there's no internal bleeding or problems with you and the baby. It just depends on how easy it is. It's pretty incredible how women just used to [ __ ] die: oh yeah, it's terrifying! Oh, and what happened was women used to deliver before the discovery of soap and washing your hand in between delivery? Women would die on the birthing table because physicians didn't know to watch their nasty old hands going in there. Do you mind if I finger, you yeah, that's crazy. I can't imagine electing like now having a baby. We don't we don't assume that it's rich and early or life-threatening yeah gender gender are you I haven't had my YouTube video, you know I'm gonna I, don't think I'm gonna, do it, but I'm gonna tell you guys the idea we were gonna. Do you know how people do these uh gender reveals yeah balloons and pink in the blue? So when we found out the gender I was gonna, do a video on our YouTube channel and the balloons popping its white and I? Look at the camera girl. How dare you expect me to to assume the gender of my baby? Shame on I like this I thought you loved veto, love it. No I can't should I stay like this honey I feel like it's really, no I thought it would been such a great little yeah, it's a cute little one. How dare you? How dare you prop your everything wrong in this world now? Are you the kind of people you're gonna? Wait until you have it to know the gender or do you want? No I always wanted to do that thing too, because you see couples in the air in the in the hospital posing with the baby. I, always fantasized that in the the room next door was like a black family and that I was allowed, that they would let me but those but be like really disappointed. Definitely, after somebody, let me tell you: I had a lactation consultant, that's another thing: what's, but all they come around meeting well and she told me that she goes today. I had a pretty crazy day, I go what happened. She goes the baby came out and it wasn't the same. Color, as both the parents know absolutely yeah, they did a paternity test. Thank you for that. Our children. They look like you. The older boy looks just like you yeah, but you asked for a paternity yeah when I was like I was like this. Guy looks just like you don't see any me in this [ __ ] up things in the world, though yeah when a woman like raises someone else's dudes child, you imagine being like actively that's. The thing is like the RET like for that, lady, possibly she's, actively, probably let's say trying to get pregnant like well I'll, just hop on one other dick see what happens there. - yeah cheating like that I guess it's gotta happen, but she had to know that there was a chance that it was gonna, be a black baby, yeah yeah yeah she's like please God, please, because you, you don't you're, saying don't tell you that no, like you've got a black baby during delivery, I'm sure it's like everyone's like alright and they're like cheering and then they like, but all the little things like when we had the first ultrasound the doctors like we can do screening or we can do invasive testing or we put a needle and we squeeze and I was like woah woah blood. No, they can do it. It's amazing yeah! Well, he what he said is this I was like well. Why would I want to do that? The screening is 95%, mmm, certain and then I guess. The invasive testing is 90. Is a certain I'll take the yeah, but man there's even it's expensive, but there's there's blood tests now that the screening is unbanned, I could do it within 10 days yeah, it's like! Well, it's called natera, that's what we had I think you're on 12 weeks or 14 weeks. They do a comple take like 15 vials of blood, but they can tell you everything, man, my color, you know their pubes are gonna be in this baby will have red pubes abort. Oh, that was another fun one. You have like a fun doctor. Well, you can ask you know I'm like so what happens because they go through. You know. Oh, your tests came back and there's no genetic markers for anything that you would worry about I'm like so how often do people flush and he's like yeah, you know happens? Sometimes it's for something like really serious. Like we'll tell them. This is like a major genetic defect. He's like sometimes it'll be like not a health threat will be like you know, I, don't know like an extra finger. Yeah, yeah and they'll be like just abort. It he's like yeah yeah, it's too weird I mean he tells they're like so. The thing is: he's got a big ear. Lobe there like much. You flush that yeah that will start over I. Don't that's how it's like some people are: what color the eyes brown like my [ __ ] like when I [, __ ]? Actually, what's it working up most likely have blue-eyed babies, cuz, Eli's blue eyes, and my dad has blue eyes, who doesn't that mean 75% I, don't know, I forget how well that [ __ ] works, I'm gonna, learn it in tenth grade is recessive dominant because the brown always wins out, but there's uh. You know what more. If she has blue blue blue blue blue in her line, then that becomes dominant I'm. Assuming right, your dad didn't have blue eyes. He had like hazel Brawn I know that blue, like Angels, have blue eyes. How can I know that blue angels, yeah Blue Angels have blue eyes like a tough biker gang? You guys want to rob this place. Let me see your eyes, you, like your doctor. You trust your doctor and stuff and I. Don't know it's like a new dog there. He seemed cool, seem cool, but I don't have a background with him. Kizer, okay, he seemed nice though he got, he had a nice little joke. He was like I've been doing this for 12 years and you could trust me when I say you are pregnant. Oh Jesus, Christ. Was it good, though? Well, if you don't like him, definitely now's the time to change, because he's gonna be with you at one of the craziest moments of your life. But if you don't know it does the delivery part your OB really generally and then, but there is a possibility that your OB would not be accessible, but most likely gonna be your OB. They all know what they're doing yeah I figure, but he will have the front row seat to the major front row seat. Did you don't see that deal? What the everything I mean, the like the act like the vag blast when the grenade went off watching that exact moment yeah, but like I watch that thing you know, I watched the air pump into it and I watched as well. Wait: air pumping, yeah, tell me everybody when you start when the baby starts coming out right there you see pressure forming down there huh and then you see after a while. You just see hair coming out its the scalp like the baby's hmm, and then you see it push through a little more ya feel that there's pressure there. It's like, like a giant like a loon, is going like welling up and then so. I'm like this about to pop I, don't want to see the pop. What's there uh? No, not really, but there is a limit where it finally clears and like all the fluid and you're by her side like fire ahead, and then you like, yes, so like so. If her heads here, yeah there's one leg, this this mic arm is her leg, but your legs, I'm holding my the leg here and I, got her foot here in this elbow leaning back with it, you can take a peek. Yes, you go like that. You're, like whoa, you don't feel it. If you have an epidural, all the [, __ ] they're saying, doesn't don't whatever you do, don't look at my face and then the doctor like handfuls of Lube or is he oh yeah and he's like ooh baby up no he's living the rim like he's living in and he goes like boom and he's like. Oh, my yeah well I felt like he would push it around the baby's like making try to get the head out so I wouldn't and also just like, like and stretching it yes, but that's why they had to cut my vag cuz. It was just and so I have so many questions. What do you remember from pombles I? Remember that I gotta get some of this to put anything well, because Tom had like there's a lock on that. You don't remember it you'd. Remember just like lots of pushing like no, you I, remember everything you're not out of it: you're not mentally out of it with the epidural you're, just you're, physically numb, you're Lee can't move your legs and staff, so they put your legs in stirrups. When, if you go time now, I remember everything you just push, you push like [, __ ] and lots less push like it. Well, they liked you they like to wait until you're at the right at the head right. You know right at the very end, tamil air, mm-hmm yeah, and you just you push like you're, [, __, ] and then constipated or it's like a good [, __ ] just keeps coming out. Do that's interesting. You know it yeah. It feels like a [ __ ] that won't come out and then all of a sudden, like you, feel the head like he's talking about that moment or the hair, and then all of a sudden, like you feel that pop like that they had a mouth I've had shits like that yeah yeah and then the shoulders and once they turn it and the shoulders come out of you. It just goes both the baby like shoes out of you and you literally just like in a ball in a ball and and all that [ __ ] comes out like you said, but it's crazy because you feel everything come out of you and psych it you're like like it's so jarring feeling it's. Unlike anything, it's not like taking this [ __ ] cuz, it's literally like your insides, are coming out of you at all wants, and it's not painful I don't mean to scare. You is not painful. It's just it's amazing else. I listen! I went back for second, so it can't be there, and did you see that moment the baby kissing like this little? Oh, my god, yeah you'll get emotional first, why I mean cuz you're, like my life, sir I'd, even care, and then let's say, cut your so they cut my name of that premium of the premium it has showed is their fun. Is that word showed us yeah, it's the skin between the vet called. What's it called, it's called an episiotomy Onomichi showed ectomy. So how was the? How was it healed? Did you get a pc out of the end calamari? It's actually. So here's the deal, the first one, the first one I had it didn't heal great cuz. She stitched it up kind of funk, funk elite, so it healed. It hurt the scar hurt for a long time, but the second time around I told to my doctor about it, and then he sewed it up perfectly no I, don't even so. What was it you said doctor because I want it. I want ya. I want you I want to know that I can ask for it to get make sure you stitched up right. What did you say to the document? I said that whoever the [ __ ] did it the first time that [ __ ] it up I'll say that's, who I tender, whoever [ __ ] up? You want it. You want to ask if you do I, don't know, because you might not need an episiotomy. You might be. Oh, you might. You know just fine right, hair a little bit. If you do bad, you might need a c-section, no ask him if he does episiotomy 's and how's. The stitching my mistake, god: well, if he's like I, mean I've done him, I'm, not the best, but we'll do it. You want someone talk to women. If you can that have gone to him at amis or ask women that have delivered I do yeah. Well, you just get recommended like mmhmm yeah, but you're with Kaiser Kaiser, [ __ ] I mean he seems he seems, he's a young guy which I like he's, not like an old [ __ ] guy yeah he's probably like 40 he's Asian yeah course. That's interesting. He was gonna, be actually doing the. If we want to switch to him, then he's gonna, yeah, I, think so he'll pop in at the last hour and be like alright yeah, that's and by the way the doctor doesn't come in until the very end yeah, so you'll be like pushing you're like where the [ __ ]. Is he and he's in the hallway or her and they'll color, and there's that one nurse, what do they call it? Who's like in charge of the whole thing, there's no name for it. Oh I don't know, but there's always under a lot of personality for a lot reason. We had them twice. There's someone who's like like Shecky Greene and they find out you're comedian. It's how they are not Chucky, Chucky duckie, all the time. So when you're having a child I was definitely if they ask you what you guys do. I'm gonna count, I always usually just say something like video production regardless tomorrow, I don't ever want to know. You should do you, but what do I do and then just pull up your YouTube account that hashtag h3 prettiest hashtag. Do you guys, like it yeah you're it that's uh, it's weird: it's I have wood. It's also like in the delivery room. It's like it's the worst time. If you also you know if you're going like this is to me. This isn't like the loose laugh moment and someone's like haha, and they start working their personality into you. I. Do that thing where I just ignore? Okay, I feel them trying to be acknowledged and I'm. Just like yeah I'm, not gonna, acknowledge so I. Just I mean it bothers me. You know I mean yeah, yeah I ignored her and in hindsight, I should have been like someone get [ __ ], Shecky Greene out of my delivery. Room I should have just demanded it, but I don't want to be able. How did they find out? You guys are comedians. They [ __ ]. You a little tell someone else. Someone nice, like one nurse at the station will be like that's from the thing and then tell all the nurses and the nurses are like. Oh, we got ourselves a little celebrity here, huh I think, which is what we're looking for. When we I don't think people would ever guess I'm an entertainer or a comedian, because I think I'm, really very introverted out and the they might not guess, but all you gotta do is have the guy wheeling the meal to somebody's room, walk by right. That's you think when they go that and they're like. What does that mean right, but then he'll be like you, don't understand and then have you not seen vape looking and then it's just it'll go from there all sudden they'll be like we were watching your guys, videos last night, I dilated, you know. What's what I didn't like hearing? Thank you. That's! What I wanted right now take a tour of the hospital before you give birth like do it in your second trimester when you're not huge and waddling, so you know what to do when you know the code time yeah yeah early register early registration. Yes, what does that mean? That means like when you? Actually you can go in all right? You can register at the hospital for, like you know, have all your information. Here's your name address. This is your insurance, everything and then they'll below that system. Maternity, then, when you come in, you go like we already registered like oh yeah. Take her up! Oh and they're like fill out everything yeah cuz we came out. I was in labor the first kid yeah and you know they're like sit down, fill out paperwork. Does she want to do it? No I was like [ __ ], no, like I'm having contractions yeah they're, like not let people down all you know: Wow. Okay, that's a hot tip, yeah yeah, well, I'm excited I. I seriously! Am amazed. Dude I'll tell you - its kind of weird cuz there's life before children, BC and you're, like I, can't I, don't even remember what the [ __ ] we did before. We had kids right at this point, yeah all that free time does it give you a life more meaning? Yes. Well, of course you have to be a total [, __ ] psycho, to not think that I talked to somebody who was like that who I was like nothing's different like he was like I go well, your life was meaningless, [ __ ] before he's like no wasn't, I go. Yes, it was mmm and he was like. Why would you say that and like you have a [, __, ] one-year-old, you don't understand what I'm saying like I wasn't, meaning at all yeah yeah. He was like don't be. One of those I was like dude you. You now are responsible someone's, like you're talking, oh I, just remembered the guy who was telling us to not have kids to know I'm Sweden, oh my god, oh my god, what a psycho this guy we went. We go out to Sweden. We don't know him personally, but he was like there a friend of a friend how long ago, this guy's [ __ ], he's like away from his family travelling. All the time he's like don't have kids that's anyway, I was like okay, whatever I, don't care about you, I didn't take it seriously in a conversation, you'll never have like I've, never heard anyone be like I. Have a total earnings he's like honestly, I, don't really like them. Wait, Bert told you this well, I will say if you enjoy having a dog and I know that a dog and a child is not the same kind of similar, some rarity. Why I'm so excited because shredder like I, have so much love for him and, like I, see him as a person he's like the heart and that's what that's why I'm so excited? We also weren't thinking like what was our life ya know it's all about his all. You want to walk all day and that's why I've been thinking so much about what it is to be a parent. It's so weird, it's really such an important kind of rite of passage as a person right. Yes, because you have to think about who you are as a person who you want this person to be, what kind of person do you want to be for them, and the other thing on top of everything, you're saying is you do have those moments where you really start thinking about your parents in a different capacity, cuz you're like oh, they did all this [ __ ] and then you realize, like I, think you have a lot of forgiveness cuz you go like they were just trying to do this fair, you know and they whatever they messed up, they didn't try to mess it up or you realize how shitty your parents, they really drop. The ball hearing well, yeah I mean that could happen to if they really, but it is really amazing how much of a life change it seems that that it will be. You know what the biggest thing is. I think that sense of responsibility of caring for another human being it's transformative and I- can't tell you until I, at least until I wanted through it I didn't feel like a real adult. You know until you're your everyday you wake up and because you're alive that little dudes, those two dudes are alive. You know, and it was levels to this [ __ ] yeah dog is like you know, there's like getting a job right. Remember like when you I, don't know. If you remember getting like a retirement account like a retirement account, it feels like an adult thing. Buying a house is like the big thing you feel like an adult, but nothing ever feels as big as being like. I have a kid who I'm responsible for for everything that is the most adult move ever sure. Why is it human nature, so [ __ ] up because you're supposed to have a kid at like 16, 17, 18 yeah, and then, if I had a kid at that age, I would [ __ ] ruin that kid's life, oh yeah yeah, but now I feel like we're in a good place in our early 30s, but in nature. That's kind of like a death wish delicate at that age. You're gonna have a kid in what in college and you'll be pissed I, always through the college. Math on you, you're like I'll, be I, can't well I'll, be I'll, be I'll, be 40. That's that's pretty good I'll be under 50 when they start that's crazy. That's good yeah, we're gonna be like with college. Well, so I was 38 when I had Ellis right 39 when I guess our 87 year difference with either it's our eighth year, you're 30 right, oh you'll, be 31, Oh, perfect, yeah and now I'm 42 I was yeah I just turned forward to when I had Julian the second baby. You know so I'm fine, oh there's mama! No, but you I feel like you. I do think that you guys are gonna, be, are much better parents in a way when you older and you're more secure you've been around. You have so much more to offer your kid. Your patient, - yeah I, see people losing like younger parents, not really getting like dude. If you lose your [ __ ] on that kid right now, it's not really the way to parent okay. So every name cuz you're so triggered up, and you don't you don't know you don't have that experience of life to make? Oh, that's just a trigger. This is a childhood thing. This is a thing. This isn't about him. This is about what happened back here. Mm-Hmm. You know it's a lot your past and your present and everything merges well. I have been thinking a lot about that stuff since I started therapy, because it's all about like your family and yeah, stand big time and I stuff I never thought about before. But but you seem happier I think you do. You feel better, a little more relief or has it started yet well, I've been doing I've I've been doing a much as I can kind of to do deal with the depression. Yeah I started, taking antidepressants about I, haven't said that publicly, because that's kind of waiting to see I do I did want to talk about it publicly because I think it's important for people to know what it is because I had such a huge misconception of what yeah it is, but I think I've been on it for like two months now, and it definitely helps a lot. That's great, like that's great, it's great, that you made a decision to do that and that it's working well I kind of hit a wall where I was like anything other than this I was putting off it for so long, but then I was just like you know anything other than whatever this is now and but actually it's not it's. Really. It's really quite subtle. The first two weeks is really tough because you've, you feel it and it's confusing, and you don't know what you're feeling and you feel the side effects a lot. You can have a headache and you can not sleep well and you. My thing was: I was feeling like foggy and my brain that was super frustrating just like the first couple weeks of on the medication yeah starting the meds and then what it kind of just evens out, yeah and then I started fit. Are you okay, young time? Friends? Are you guys got a balance? Sorry, it's been a good time. It's been a such a. This is like a real great moment. Actually, this has been a long time. Yeah we usually we could it wasn't this because I kept talking forever yeah we definitely could have, but you guys are mommies and daddies as I'm really happy man that that you're feeling better and that it's working well are you I'm, still I'm, still miserable, okay, I'm still depressed, but I and I said it to eel the other day. No difference now that there's a light at the end of it. That's great! That's all of these I feel like there's, hope and I can see a way out of it. Don't be one of these [ __ ] guys. That goes like no I'm done taking it like. No don't be that guy well and what I'm saying is I'm, taking that I'm exercising grinned I'm doing therapy right huge, that's like all the things that they say are good and you're tracking it every day and you're dragging your yeah I. Don't know if that helps, but I do John I'm, pretty sure they tell you to jack off a lot. Well, they did you say to that. Reaching out for help is the key. Yes, and in the prognosis, that's and you're, already you're doing what you should be doing. Yeah it feels is awesome. Yeah, it's been good. Let me brag for a Tina for a second. She did her special eight months pregnant. It's amazing I. Was there never seen the promo video? Have you like in a blackjack table, I feel like it's, because you couldn't really walk, yeah ragnar, you killed it and it's a really great special everybody. Will you [ __ ] degenerate before you guys leave because I know you are in a hurry. I just want to urge everybody watching whoever e1 has Netflix. You have no excuse to go on over there tonight today. This weekend put on the jet generates the jan-jan right. There's six parts, you're number, six, that's right, I'm, so watch sick like everyone else, but watch 60s, yamaneika, saunders, Sanders, Lisa, Trager, Brad, Williams who's been a guest on your mom's house, yes and big Jay, oakerson and myself. So it's a killer, shot in Vegas and downtown Vegas, the seediest of all places I'm eight months, pregnant I had a door fall on me, a second crazy. It was crazy. So, yes, that's it like it's great yeah. It's great I would say that what is it a week from Friday my I'm in a movie I'll call the instant family? Oh yeah, it's so cool! That's great man, I! We we saw it together. What screen together stars Mark Wahlberg, Rose Byrne, it's like a big family comedy, but it's really well when I set out November 16th November. So is this your first yeah sure absolutely exciting was very exciting. It's very fun! It's his first thing and it's like a major movie. It's not just like a breeze. You have a lot of screen time in it. I probably have like I, don't know somewhere between like yeah, 7 and 10, see you know it's like a supporting character. I mean there's 50 scenes in the movie, I think I think I would love to see you and more. It was fun I. Even in the trailer I was like I love. This I had I mean I'm with, like all stars, man like really real wahlberg, wahlberg who's, a huge movie star, Rose Byrne, this [ __ ], amazing actress, but then, like all the supporting cast, is like margo martindale. You know from the americans, Sneaky Pete and Julie Hagerty. It's like it's really good act. That's awesome! I can't wait to watch, I'm, super excited and, of course, guys if you want to watch these two on tour, which you should want. Oh snap, good on over to Christina pea, online.com tour, I decided the ride or die tour right ride, ride or die. My dudes Christina P, online.com and, of course Tom Segura, comm slashed or your your RL is a little hard to say on the tour page. It's like my web or I would I wanted to say your tour. You know, but it's like tour, -, - or strange, but anyway, you'll find it at Christina. Be online comment: Tom, Segura, comm, tour love these two and, of course, your mom's house, podcast, guys, which is available anywhere premiere podcast. And if you want to see these two were on it. Yes, we definitely have the podcast, obviously more, but let's do it. Let's put a dinner on the book. Soon, yeah yeah I was just starting to get their pair they're peuta cues of hanging out with you guys, I know. Well, we have to do this again. Maybe you come back to our concert. I got I. Take a [ __ ], we got a hash. I got a good time. We had a good time you're at Fela you're. It I love that this guy understands all right. Thank you. Everybody for watching have a blessed week and a blessed weekend. We appreciate you, we love you so much and a special thank you to this excellent dudes Netflix get the F on it and put on degenerates this weekend. Thank you so much. We shall see you next Friday at our time. [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music].