What up ela, Kleiner's and welcome to another h3 podcast? Today's episode is sponsored by me: undies naturebox, h3, h3 shop, calm and to which subscribers, like you, thank you for supporting the show everybody another great little announcement. I'm very excited, h3 podcast is now available on Spotify. That's pretty awesome! You know, we've been we've been really waiting to get on Spotify. A lot of people have been asking so just search h3 podcast, and it should pop right up in there for you, so you know enjoy it anywhere. Yeah be yeah, be ever anywhere you be. We be there right with you now. Today's guest is someone that I've known very closely for over 10 years, she's a close personal friend and some would even say my wife. Technically, that would be true, I would say and spiritually also true she's, my best friend she's, my business partner and she's, my better half and she's pulling the house she's in the house. It sounded like that is my best friend is my helper. My son Bo, we thought it'd be interesting. Look we interview all these. These interesting prolific characters. Well, we've got one right here that we all want to know more about and he look lines one of the most interesting people on internet. So we thought: hey I thought, let's, let's put her in the seat: ILA's not like hey. Let's interview me: hey how's, my idea. Well anyway, she's really come out of her shell lately and she's. Come back to the show. She's back I've been nervous the whole week about this. It's it is stressful and I. Appreciate you coming out, because you are an actually very shy person I. Don't know why it's nervous to think of me as the guest like because usually I'm, like the second you're chilling on the sidelines, I'm chilling. Well, you do what you have there was this one great moment and your enthusiasm that I think you really identified what was it Larry said, identify with everything on curb, but it was talking about how, when he has something during the week like a meeting or a doctor or whatever it ruins the whole week for him, because he knows that he has to think about that. One thing that he has to do right like that yeah I, relate to that, but I think you relate more. That's why I love your the best. Let's start from the top here, I want to talk about some current events with the all right now, everybody's, probably aware of all of this business happening first Harvey Weinstein, this guy he's looks like Shrek, if I'm being honest, like like a real version of Shrek, looks pretty scary. Yeah he's a and now like nobody cared about Harvey Weinstein cuz he's just some soulless movie executive and they're like oh. He raped a bunch of people no surprise, but now it came out that louis c.k was someone that I know you care deeply about. Mmm-Hmm has been jerkin off. This is his thing. He's been jerking off in front of girls, it's so weird. So how do you feel about all that? I felt really sad like yesterday, especially when the whole story like officially came out, I, don't know it's just sad for some reason, with someone like Harvey Weinstein I, don't care as much yeah. It's it's sad in a different way and just sad that it happens yeah but with Louie I kind of feel like he died yesterday kind of feel like I'm, not gonna, see him anymore, like damn, that's true in a way, I'm sure it's just weird: what's he gonna write up she's gonna write a shtick about how oh show girls, my Pete, my dick huh. You can't do that. His jokes are always kind of like that. Like everyone was talking about how he has a lot of jokes so, like men are so gross. So when how do women even get close to men because they're like the number one threat, but obviously when he says it, it's funny right, but no, it's gonna be weird huh. Does it surprise you the these things coming out, because it's like a plant, it's a Guf waterfall, a landfall I, wasn't surprised that I feel like every woman in a way goes through something of that sort which is crazy, but I, think almost all women that I met and we talk about it or like not surprised. But it's it's been so many stories. All of a sudden at once that I am becoming surprised and then we with Louie I, was surprised. I didn't see that I was like not Louie like anyone, but Louie buddy you did. He did right like his statement about it right, which was pretty good, I thought and I just feel bad for him now. Do you want to read it I? Have it available? I mean it's kind of long, but essentially he was like it's kind of long. People can read it, but you can tell she's really yeah hurting now from understanding. Maybe what he's done maybe before he didn't understand. He said in his apology. He justified it by saying well, I asked girls first, if I could show them my dick yeah, but he acknowledges like the situation, is much more complicated than that. So even if you say yes at the moment as the lady, even if she said yes at the moment, I think the situation is so surreal. You're, like with one of your idols right and you're thinking at the moment. This is weird but I don't know what to do so. You say yes, but later not even expecting him delivery even or something but later you can think about it and be like that was really [. __ ] up so right, I think the way he did is specifically because it's it's one thing to go on a date and be like hey I've got a weird thing. Can I I want to jerk off in front of you, but this was like he just got off stage and they were coming about to do a set or something like in a professional environment. It's weird weird is: do you think that he was gonna get away with it? After doing this? For so long and it's so weird and brazen like? How do you think he could but Harvey Weinstein? This is a weird timing right now and like Kevin Spacey's know that won't stop me till I. The way I sit is like this guy's like that's it they're done. You're not gonna, see anything with these guys anymore, maybe for like 20 years, maybe in 20 years it can come back and be like remember when I was a gross guy who jerked in front of people right, big laughter, lots of a plug he's so brave. It's crazy man, yeah well rest in peace Louie, it was fun while it lasted, I mean I I, just it's it's just a shitty situation. I feel bad for both sides obviously did something disgusting that I shouldn't have done, but you know like the fact that he put out a good statement. I'm, not saying that that's here we can forgive sure, but it made me feel bad for him too bad for everyone. It's important, because when you look at how Kevin Spacey, for example, responded that was that was lame. He's like sorry, I was drunk and and I'm gay, like okay yeah gates, do that yeah yeah totally explains that. Well, we all play our own weed fourteen-year-old someone with drunk. Don't we yeah, but it's isn't. It kind of that was one of the weirdest apologies ever yeah, my god, but Louie. He really seems to be grappling with this new image of himself because he's not he's different. Now his life, his image, his career, it's all undergone an immediate paradigm shift yeah and he's grappling with that, and he had so many things coming out and it's all canceled yeah a movie that this company put in five million in that movie for him and they're, like apparently not a big company. So it was a big investment for them. That's awful and you had a Netflix special blend. That's gonna be counseling. A bunch of stuff. I saw this meme on reddit. There was written as like a perfect louis c.k, joke that he would say if it was about someone else, he was like it's a shame that the greatest comedian of our generation is going down in his prime, but maybe maybe you should have shown your penis to a bunch of girls backstage without their consent yeah. Obviously, his delivery is much better yeah, but I feel like he could deliver that joke very well mm-hmm. Anyway, let's get off this [ __ ] yikes. What okay? Let's start from the top here and in terms of who you are you're, Israeli I, think most people know that by now, what's it like growing up in Israel, like I, mean us Americans. Do we take [ __ ] for granted? Um, it's a it's like a very general question, a yes a little bit, but what you said about Americans I feel like since I moved here, especially in California, it's kind of like utopian society, and so I can kind of see. Why there's like this whole arguments between white privilege and people feeling guilty and so they're trying to like correct things way too much. You know, mm-hmm yeah growing up in Israel is very different than here, but it's also kind of the same, also kind of same yeah. Well, is it? Is it awful in Israel I feel like a lot of people, think it's awful their alumni think people just riding around on camels and [ __ ] yeah, that's not good thing right, um, it's kind of like here like you watch the same, shows on TV the same movies. You go to theaters. You have a job. You go to school, you drive your car, not not camels, you don't. When you finish high school, you go to the army, that's different than here. That's a huge difference, and then, when you're done with the army, then you go to college, so it you're kind of like everything takes a little longer than it does here. Interesting um. What are the big differences, but beyond that between Israel in the United States I think the mentality of people is very different here and there, and obviously the security situation not not being under threat here it just it just causes. So much like you know in there as a result of it that it's just so different like in Israel, there's always that threat over your head. But you you just go up like that. So you're, not thinking about it's just what it is so when I'm here I can see, I can see how different it is like what what threat specifically? Is it that you're, the Israelis think about um, for example, growing up like if I wanted to go out to go to a mall? My dad would be like don't go. There's a lot of people there like. If you go to a crowded place, it's a it's a it's a threat, it's a dangerous spot because there could be a suicide bomb there or it's like what are you going? It's an attraction for a terror attack right. It's when you're in a crowd in Israel. You actually think like yeah. This is boom. This could be a little bit risky yeah for me personally, that's interesting because a lot of people in the USA sometimes tend to think like shit's, not safe here, because they're, afraid of immigrants or yeah, that's gun, sir. You know it's pretty strange, although lately the the older gun stuff, it's kind of kind of going in that direction, it's still very far like Purdue USA. Is you yes, she's really tiny, yeah um so, but in Israel, yeah, there's always like some kind of a there's, always a new type of attack, that's happening and then that that happens for a while until Israel figures a way to like prevent it. So when I was growing up, there was a lot of suicide bombs like in cafes and busts, yeah stuff like that and then like recently, it was stabbing like you could just be waiting for a bus and then someone will just come and stab you on the street, and so that's its, but Israel is really crazy. They figure out ways to prevent this stuff, like the stabbing was happening for a few months, and now it doesn't really happen. So much and I don't even know how there are secret ways say what you will about the Israelis. Remember, those guys are [ __ ], innovative yeah. They they're figure [ __ ] out there, man, but babe people would like to criticize the Army and Israel need to understand that it's a daily threat that needs something needs to happen about it's not like. We have a choice. Do you do you find it ironic when that, like there's these, when you talk about privilege, let's talk about someone who's going to UC Berkeley paid by their parents, $200,000 tuition on campus protesting Israel? Do you find that ironic I do when I lived in Israel I used to criticize Israel a lot? There are a lot of stuff, but when I'm kind of when I, when we moved here and I, started to go and read it and stuff like that, and just being more aware of like the online criticism that and there's not just online but yeah I just became more aware of like the criticism here of Israel and in general around the world, and it's really I I personally think it's so ironic, I, it's just like I, don't know it's kids sitting here in like beautiful, California criticizing. It's like you, don't even know you're talking about right, yeah, I, totally I mean it's. It's easy to reduce. It's funny. Cuz, like you said when you're in Israel you're super critical yeah of the government you're like dude you're expanding in the West Bank, that's [, __ ]. You know the government is turning off water and Gaza doing weird [ __ ] to control, make land grabs and stuff, and that kind of stuff is like you know. What are you guys doing? But when you come to Israel and then you what you hear is people criticizing national security and saying calling Israel like apartheid that they shouldn't have fences or that Israel should be. You mean when you come here and you're here right, exactly like less, let's say less specific criticism or more general like they built a wall and they an Israel should be a one state with Palestinians and Israel all living together. They should reduce the borders and remove the gate that that to me seems like super ignorant. It is because when I grew up, I couldn't really take a bus. I was afraid of blowing up right and now it doesn't really happen. So the wall did help. So sure. Can you explain about the wall for people who don't know about it? I, don't know why I guess simply. It's like it was built to prevent this attacks and there's still a lot of other ways. There's tunnels and you know yeah rockets yeah, but when we when Eva was a kid, there was no wall around Greater Israel that blocked out the West, Bank and Gaza, and it was like for I. Remember in the newspaper when you were growing up, there was almost daily right: terrifying, yeah on cafes and shopping malls and buses mm-hm, and it was just like a slaughter. It was just a slaughter and so they're like Oh spill to [, __ ]. Well, then, and and lo and behold, no more suicide bombs and my whole time there I hold five years living there. There was like one fail and shitty attempt mm-hmm. Actually it wasn't even a suicide bomb. Someone threw a bomb at a bus from the outside and it didn't kill anyone. So I don't know it's like at a certain point. You do you know. Yeah doesn't justify like how do you? How do you think about the Gaza ins who are on the other side of the wall now who are like cut off from family members who have to go through checkpoints and come to Israel? You know it's like whoa. The whole thing is shitty the whole situation. There is shitty, no matter how you look at it. So I don't know I, it's like you, just I, don't know. I was just born there. So there's a lot of people who are just born there and they need to be able to live their life right. Sure and Israel was made for that purpose because they were being chased in all the other countries where they came from so I, don't know it's obviously super complicated I'm, not I, don't think I'm qualified to like talk about this stuff in actual detail and what what is the solution? I have no idea. Yeah I think that's honestly, one of the best answers, though, because everybody likes to act like and [ __ ] in 1957 some error, some dude threw a stick out of air or I, don't know, but it's like it's way too complicated for one person to actually have a really good opinion about it. Yeah, and it's so confusing too that even if you do it's like, how do you? Even? How do you even break that down but I? But I will say it's more it's more complicated than like the people who just hate Israel for everything they stand. Yeah, that's my main point: I I would criticize Israel for a lot of stuff, but just to the way people like to criticize it as if it was just black or white like it's just not do you, you served in the military and your whole family served in the military right mm-hmm. What did? How was your experience in the military? Hmm, it was okay, I I didn't do anything like I. Wasn't like a combative role. Yeah you weren't a fighter. I wasn't a fighter, so I didn't have anything like crazy to tell but I don't know it's kind of like a it's kind of like a mandatory job that you have to go to and you don't get paid for yeah someone said: is it like a forced vacation? No, no! It's more like Oh for his job for stop! Cuz you! What? What did you do? What would your role in the military um at first I was given a role that was like in an office somewhat close to my house in tel-aviv, and it was kind of like going to a day job in an office yeah. It happened right after there was some kind of a second war in yeah. There was some sort of a small war yeah when I was there and um. So my job was to like, when they sent officers or like pee, to go serve I had to like logistically help with Mike their hotel room because, like that, but it was all on the computer. It just felt like some computer thing right, okay, so secretary yeah, interesting and it was super boring and I really hated it because it was just like I had to take an AB ba super early go. There spend the whole day, go back home, I hated it. So I tried to change my role and it was something like you can apply for it and it's a form that you fill out and then they're gonna, give you something else completely random musician, different post, yeah, different location. So I decided to do that and if I don't like the second one, then I'll just find a way to get out of the army. It was that bad yeah I just didn't I hated everything about it. Didn't want to do it you just because, if you're doing something that it felt like I wasn't doing anything I was just wasting my life yeah. It could get really frustrating I, don't know right and you got to do it for two years right, so I tried, I, filled out that form and I tried it and then I somehow ended up in a better place that I liked a lot more before it was a daily thing. When you go back home every day and the new one was in a way that was a base that was far from my house. So you go there for the whole week and then you come back for the weekend. So you preferred that where you gone for always I did everything why it was kind of like just more of an adventure Norbit different experience that I preferred them to just go to a boring job, sit on the computer and go back home at the end of every day. I, don't know, were you doing secretary work there, so yeah I was the secretary of the head of the there's like a I. Don't know the terms in English from the army right who's a translate. So there was a I was in doula fight, which is like a like. A brigade, I guess that's in charge of the area of Ramallah mm-hmm and that Brigade as like a main officer mm-hmm. So I was his secretary okay, so you were right below the big boy, mm-hmm cool, so it was nice. It was very interesting um. It was more demanding in a way, but also kind of more rewarding, because you're put in this weird situation, like you, don't you're away from your house, you have this new group of people that you have to get along with and like it's hard to explain, but some reason that was more interesting, I enjoyed it more. You told me what you went on like a mission with them mm-hmm to like a terrorist city yeah that was kind of a crazy story, yeah sort of my officers and like the soldiers in that Brigade, they would go every night on a raid right. You know to to arrest terrorists, and so I always saw them preparing for it and living, and then I I would stay in the base. So one time I wanted to go with them just to experience it. Why you, just for all the sudden had a urge to go with them. I just wanted to see what it's like to see it: okay, so um yeah. They took him. They took me with him one night, even though they weren't supposed to did they armor your ass up, um you're driving in this like Jeep, that's bulletproof right, so I was in the Gipp and then um as soon as we entered no matter. The people in the city started. Shooting us well and I heard like a bullet here, the Jeep like right. Next to my head, did you did it like dent or just me just here? It's a gnarly, armored Jeep mm-hmm I mean it was just interesting, their shoot, so someone actually was shooting in the car. When you went in there right away, yeah huh did you have a gun on you, I didn't you're not supposed to leave no you're, not really, but if any fired I mean I I walked with them to one house. Okay, I did get out of the car once, but but surrounded with them. So yeah did they arrest anyone tonight they did. Did they bring it in the same car with you now, oh yeah, there's a few cars ago. Yeah, that's crazy! Was it like? How did you feel it was a horrifying? What's strange, very very weird house would like how so um I don't know. Just you see people in the house and then it's like the soldiers go just walk into the house and look through their [ __ ] and find guns, and the whole thing is really surreal. They did do they knock or they just like kick down a door and charge in I. Didn't really see that home I don't know exactly how that was. Does it feel like a normal neighborhood or does it feel like? Oh, this is scary. No, it actually looked like a nice city. That's straight yeah! That's I mean from their perspective, moat it's so complicated, yeah from their perspective. It's like [ __ ], these guys, but they go specifically to people who they know are terrorists and they have history of that stuff. You know they have a guys right, even if that's true it's hard, if you're that guy's neighbor not to be like I hate ya, these [ __, ], mm-hmm and I'm scared of them coming to my house someday, even though I'm not a terrorist yeah, it's a lot of responsibility. Whoo, let's just heavy dead to any of your family member I mean all your family members served in the military. Do the any of them have crazy stories or crazy [ __ ] that happen to them. Yeah then crazier stuff than me. What what does anything come to your mind and I wouldn't know, but I mean both. My brothers were did pretty serious stuff Moses was he was learning to become a pilot mm, so the training for that alone is like the most insane training. The door is right and my other brother, he was in tanks, so they also had I'm sure you had a lot of stories. I, don't know it's great yeah. They probably have insane stories. Every Israeli I've spoken to his served, has like really disturbing crazy. [ __, ] I know that one story about your brother. He was a security guard at the Embassy mm-hmm and at the same time there was this suicide mom right next to it. There's this American diner. What do you call it? My bar yeah Bart, it's like a restaurant bar and it's right next to the US Embassy, and this really touristy place and heelas brother am I, saying right. She was on post at the Embassy yeah I, don't remember if it was that my Mike's place, no I know that Mike's place was bombed yeah, but I think that was a separate time. Okay, everybody gets it back in that anyway, there was like this awful suicide bomb and some place right next door to the embassy and he was standing right. [, __ ] like 10 feet away and he's not allowed to leave his post, and it's probably especially at a time like that. You got a stand guard, so he was stuck standing there right, I, don't remember exactly the story. Okay, anyway. Everyone's got stories from that. From that era, yeah, it's all twisted up. Dude. Are there lessons disciplines things that you learned? You know that you retained from that period in your life. How did it change you going through that mmm I'm, not sure that it changed me I think the biggest thing is just like being put in a place with a group of people that maybe and normal- if you wouldn't necessarily become friends with, but in this situation you just become friends with them and they become your family mm-hmm, so that aspect of it was interesting but I mean I, don't know, there's just some [ __ ] job for you for two years. In a way. Okay, all right well got that out. We got the military, [ __ ], some pretty heavy-duty stuff, we'll take a quick thank you to our sponsors up next, we've got so much great stuff to talk about guys, don't go away, stay tuned, and thank you to our sponsor me. Undies me undies makes undies your butt will be proud to wear well and check this out. We're not the only ones that love me undies, listen to what our longtime listener Mandy's enthusiast Christian had to say. This is a note from a good fan of ours, Ryan chill blurt that that wrote. A very fine comment about this me undies. He said when I first heard ethan reading me undies ad I thought he was an Irish person trying to say me undies they sound Irish they're me on B's, maybe they're me undies. However, after reading many online reviews about how soft and comfortable they were, I decided to finally pull the trigger because I wanted to pair those a life changing undies when I slipped on my first glorious pair of me on DS I, felt, like the clouds parted in the sky and a beam of light was illuminated right up my ass again. He says he said rear end, but I think that, let's, let's not mince words, there was a beam of light shining in and out of his ass. It was glorious. They were so comfortable that I knew that the world was never going to be the same because of me undies. My ass is a whole lot happier the Ethan and Neela. Thank you for doing such a great job. If we're always sharing your sick memes with listeners like myself. Well, thank you. So much Ryan appreciate you and thanks for supporting the show and putting on those life light beaming life-changing on diest. Listen, my friends, your ass, your quality of life going on and your ass can change now forever, like it did to young Ryan, get 20% off the best and softest underwear and socks you will ever own free shipping and a 100% s. Satisfaction guaranteed go to my auntie's calm, /h 3. That is a me undies Oh, calm, /h 3 ela. What are we working with here me? Undies have got her fallen all over the place here. I wanted to show this one yeah this one of their news: I guess what is it Fruit Loops? It's like milk and cereal? Oh, my god, my butt, my my crotch area already feels like a swamp and now I can get a visual representation of it too. But with these let me tell you less swampy thanks me undies appreciate you up next, thank you - and naturebox. Listen. We all want to eat better, but when it comes to snacks, sometimes it feels like it's all delicious and a billion galleries versus boring and tasteless. There's got to be something in between and guess what there's something way beyond the middle into the I can't believe. It's not true because it's so good I'm talking about nature box cave because these guys make delicious snacks that are also healthy. Nature box has over a hundred snacks that taste good and are actually better for you, they're all made from high-quality, simple ingredients, which means no artificial, colors, flavors or sweeteners, I get out of breath or easily. That should I be concerned about that. Well, maybe we'll talk about that later, but I'll tell you what does help nature box snacks, so you can feel good about what you're eating my favorite cashew coconut I'm, a cashew boy. My favorites are the cashew coconuts. The sriracha cashews I actually have a lot of favorites the the Chetta lentil loops, and let me tell you what else that metally sweet, sweet and salty nuts a Medellin, it's like when you have a you know like these old timey. They stand on the street corner and they sing words. They sing. It's like a whole thing. It's like that, but with snacks, I have no idea what you're talking you know like my Bob Bo Township, beautiful voices, symphonies, that's what is happening with the nuts okay. It's a medal haven't never seen that on the street, though really you gotta get out more. It's a whole medley of nuts sweet and sour, my god listen, you're sure to find your new snack obsession at naturebox. They add new snacks every month, inspired by real customer feedback, the latest food trends and professional chefs. It's so simple, just go to naturebox, calm and naturebox, we'll deliver them right to your door. Ladies and gentlemen, and there's no risk have you ever tried a snack? You don't like guess what don't eat it, they'll replace it for free, my god! That's that's genuine right there and there's. You know, listen right now. Naturebox is offering h3 fats 50% off their first order, go to naturebox.com/tyler box.com, slash h3, to get 50% off your first order of some of the bomb is snacks in the world. You can eat them and you don't have to feel bad because it's a joy and it's a privilege to get metally nuts like they make right nuts like this. They don't come around often so go to nature box, come / h3! Thank you! So much and finally, we are sponsored by oh, my god, who is this h3 h3 shop? Calm. That's us eel! You wanna, show. We've got this vintage limited edition. Vapenation, always rep your niche, ladies and gentlemen, always and for our podcast listeners. We have given a little bit of a Black Friday special tarnish that reputation with the spesh. Damn boy that is hardcore code h3 for 30% off, go to h3, h3 shop, calm and use code h3 at checkout for 30% off anything in the store appreciate you guys so much if you are in the market for some snacks or some been doing underwear or socks, all the great stuff they make. Please by all means support our sponsors because they support us. They make this possible. Thank you! So much and now we will get back with uh she's right here. Yeah you look. Kleiner for life, come back to the h3. Podcast live ela Kleiner's mount the [ __ ] up what up what up so we figured out the whole Israel thing. It's also know-how and people were wondering this on the subreddit they're, putting down and down questions for you. How what cut a guy like me, convinced a girl like you to move to America okay um in Israel hold on one sec, Dan you're, coming through the speaker, so good in Israel, when people finish the army usually and a lot of people would want to go somewhere to do like a big trip for like a few months, mm-hmm to like clear your head before you're gonna go into whatever is next in your life. Alright, so I kind of I finished my army and it was kind of like a good timing to do that. It was convenient timing for me. Yeah I got you at the perfect time, otherwise, no chance! Well, we know, but it was just it kind of made sense. I wanted to do a trip anyway, right, um, I, don't know if I would have done it to the states necessarily but mmm. That kind of like just more work that wasn't there somewhere else. You were thinking of traveling mm-hmm. A lot of people will go to India or South America Oh. For some reason it's just cheaper, yeah yeah. It's weird there's like this whole pilgrimage of Israelis. When they finish the army, when you go to places like Thailand and India, it's like it's like the natives, there speak Hebrew, there's so many yeah mock away, Motech, hello, sweetie, that's all I, know hello. Sweetie! Do you want to watch me masturbate monka way, sweetie? Maybe not there. Let's not go there! Well, uh. How did you hand well, okay, so the story is I mean everyone knows the story about now, but you moved to to America in essence to live with me. How did your I'm curious? How did your family handle that did they think you were in totally insane to be like I'm moving in with this American guy yeah, they weren't happy my dad didn't want me to go and yeah there. They didn't. They disapproved oh yeah, that, yes, I, remember you having some pretty gnarly yeah but I. Just it felt like the right thing for me to do and I just knew. I wasn't gonna, be happy not doing it right. I just did it. I've always said about you, you don't you don't have like an Israeli soul. You have like an American soul. Does that make sense? Do I do like it here, because I think what you mean by that is the mentality, difference, I, think you're, just more in Israel, people are like kind of intense like in your face all the time mmm whenever we work with Israelis here in the States like I, get a little flashback to what it's like there, because they're so like telling me dude, they ask you super personal questions and they're like as if it's like I'm talking to my uncle or something like a guy I, never met yeah, so I feel like I like hear how people kind of give each other their space mmm. That's very true! You can live in your bubble. No one's gonna question anything yeah you can be like you can shake your dick here, yeah I'm sure, but I feel, like you are always very motivated. You always aspired for something bigger, a bigger life than what a lot a lot of Israelis are just like. I'm gonna have a kid I'm gonna work at super saw whatever, and that's it that's it, and it's that's fine. If that's your satisfied living like that, but I don't feel like that was ever in the cards for you. It is kind of like the ideal, they're legal, the parents, you know they want you to get married, have kids right. That's you made it buy a house. You made me yeah, how isn't it family? Yes, that's all anyone could dream for mm-hmm I mean in a way that's true to an innocent here, but there's more want more I want that, but I want to do more before I get into that right. No, it's the American dream here! Yeah you had the American dream in Israel: oh yeah, it's weird I, never thought about it, but I guess I had that inside of me, but I never thought like. Oh, that might concern I want a pool and that's not the America. The American dream is like I guess, making more of yourself becoming bigger and better version of yeah dreaming. -, you know transform. It is something better and bigger. I think it was somewhere inside of me, but not something I, always constantly thinking about mm-hmm. Here's a question from Dino I. Some of these questions- I'm just gonna completely paraphrase because I feel like it's weird for me to ask it so this one is Dino. Z is a hero from the sub right. He says how did it feel? How did it feel meeting Ethan for the first time we always hear Ethan side of the story, but I want to know what your initial reaction to meeting him was cuz I'm, because you know I've told the story a thousand times. So from your perspective, how does it line up? What do you remember? I know we just for some reason we were like in the same like we just connected on like and some kind of basic level we were just like in the same page about like, and anything was very sweet got him. No, it was just nice and we show you my dick no out of twice, but it was just a weird we just like we had this week together in the in birth right, the trip yeah and we just enjoyed spending that time together on, like a friendship level, it's just fun got drunk, that's sure we did drink a lot but like, and how did that? How did you perceive the language barrier because I know it was pretty difficult for us to communicate? Oh yeah so weird think about yeah, but I guess it felt like we were still able to communicate so yeah yeah. We found a way found it. Okay, it lines up, see it's none of this like this, so this fat, [, __, ] American, showed me his dick. You locked me in a room and he said, follow me on Facebook. That's sexy, interesting detail, yeah I, never I didn't even know what Facebook was. This is a long time ago, right and I'm when, when it ended, everyone wanted to stay in touch. So all these Americans were like get Facebook. Let's stay in touch on Facebook and you guys were all like what is Facebook. How weird is that huh and now every uh now every is really free orphan, every, like man, woman child on this planet, mm-hmm crazy. Do your friends and family back in Israel understand the level of success that you've achieved with or do they or is it just a complete different language to them? Yeah. It's mostly like I. Have this three childhood friends, but every time I go to Israel, we meet yeah and it's really funny. They have no idea what we're doing or one of them can Mayan. She kind of follows she kind of knows and she she like. She knew that we passed five million subscribers. Okay, she's told me Congrats at school, for example right, but the other two like have no idea what we do just and every time we made it's like the same things though. So what are you doing? How are you doing okay and are you working? Are you guys struggling yeah? No we're doing like very good we're doing very well, it's weird to try to explain it. I don't know. Yeah we I I, try sometimes I've showed them a few videos, but I'll be like that's cute yeah and move on yeah I hate showing my videos, people, especially when they really don't get it or care. It's like. What do you do here? I, here's, my husband in underwear, yelling at a monitor, they're like oh good yeah, you guys are doing really well you're right, so you're looking for a real job, yeah, that's always like yeah. So do you have any to have a second job or my parents started following, though that was a crazy develop yeah, like my dad, apparently shares everything you post on Facebook no credible for a while, I didn't even know. My friend told me about it. You unfollowed your dad on Facebook right yeah. You committed the cardinal sin. There was a long time ago. We made one of our first videos and I posted on Facebook and my dad saw it and got super mad. What was it the shake, your dick of all the [ __ ] videos we've ever made back in the day we made this parody of a shake. What was it shake that ass, but yeah shake that thing yeah by Sean Paul shake that there that come on come on, so we made this parody called shake that dick, and there shows a lot of close-ups of my dick shaking no you're. Like you know, under the plan of offense yeah yeah I mean I, wouldn't I would never in my wildest racing video and get off wiper removed. My dad got super mad like way too much so they say. Well, you didn't know what he said. He said if you guys keep making videos, I'm gonna denounce Ethan and they can't walk into our house. I was like luck did so that's high. I unfriended my dad and I was like okay, so we don't need to be handsome faces yet, and that was a few years ago and then we became pretty successful. You know videos got kind of better yeah I'm sure they got better, but I had no idea and now he's the biggest fan. I gotta make a shake that [, __ ] part 2 just to shower reacts now, but yeah I mean I could yeah your dad has been he's been great. He uh well what happened with the sandals I. Remember that I, don't remember what happened with that. Um you've decided that you only wear socks and sandals one day as I'm all responsible adults, hard-working mature and their regular sandals. The flip-flops, like the one that goes into your toe I'm. Sorry, I, don't see their that the solution is important. There's a difference. Okay, all right! Apparently your dad agreed some. We used to go through my parents, every Friday, because in Israel it's like a Friday meal. It's like a big fan, buddy yeah, it's a family event and Nathan would come like that. My dad got upset like took me aside and asked me: can you tell him to stop dressing like that? Was that it I for some reason, I. Remember, of course, like powerful was like Ethan you. If you ever wear socks and sandals to to our house again on Shabbat my dad will disown you. He probably said that he doesn't speak your dad's, not the kind of guy. Please ask you didn't put on shoes and here's the thing that I didn't really get about, that everyone takes their shoes off when they get to the house. So how does he know if I wore it if I wore thousand-dollar Gucci dress shoes after that? First second, stepping foot in the house there would be literally no difference. You're walking out of the house into the street and the neighbors, seeing you I would be very sad. That is what it is. When I is our biggest fan so shut up, we actually saw him one day wearing socks and sandals forever. Recently I was like Jeff I was like as good as when Joey salads was caught, making them that prank in the hood, when I heard your dad was walking around in socks and sandals I was just like. Oh yes, full vindication and your family gave him [ __ ] too right yeah. My mom was like what the [ __ ]. You told them not to cook it what'd, he say yeah, oh, oh, that was funny huh. I disown you son-in-law, oh I, guess I'll. Do it? Yeah he's a great guy good shout-out to yoke on keep wearing those socks and sandals man even against your own, will put those on really. You only did it once someday we're gonna have to put on socks and sandals and just take a stroll together. It's like a peace offering that'll be great. He doesn't want to see that too embarrassing all right. What's it like being a female youtuber for you, because it's interesting, we sit next to each other. We make videos together, I'm a man you're, a female people do react to us differently. For example, you always getting. For example, the first question on the subreddit was: are you pregnant yeah? You know we already have both of our parents pestering us about your pregnancy state, so I need a million additional people. Ask my mom. She follow me on Instagram right and she saw I posted a picture of me with my nephew mm-hmm and all the comments were like you look so good when you guys should have a baby when you're pregnant like when. Is it blahblah million comments about that right and my mum saw that she was like now I understand that I don't even need to ask you, like you, have a million people asking you cousin, because my mom always wants to know yeah when is it happening? So it was funny, so she had a little bit of moment of she's like okay, good, that's pretty considerate yeah but being a like and then another one like I know when we did the episode of what uh doc the doctor disrespect. Everyone was posting clips of Aguila smiling staring at docking me like get cooked Ethan. Does that ship well yeah that one did I was triggered because it's so done and like I do that with every guest I, always smile and I play with my hair nervously. Even when I'm upset like it's completely unrelated to I, don't know finding him I, don't even know. How is that related? That's like something from a cartoon. That's not realize we were Myron, did ela definitely wants to [ __ ] yeah who's insane the whole podcast on the twitch chat. That was the only thing I saw it like everyone was talking about how I'm like into him whatever. That's that's something that annoys me and that I don't I, just don't get it. My thing with that is like I've, never seen that response people were so neurotic about it. They were going to our subreddit and posting like keep posting it mm-hmm and I've. Never seen people respond to a guest like that, and my thing was like these guys want to [ __ ] him right. These are the guys who are insecure. They think is I. That is normal. If that's what you see in me, it's like, then, maybe you're, reflecting something yeah I think they all want to [ __ ]. They won't want doc balls-deep on which is fine yeah. It's god bless them, but there's definitely something like deep there about their insecurities. It's kind of annoying and it's kind of chauvinistic, I, guess yeah, it's like if a girl smiles to a guy. It's like! Oh you are you ain't. You want to date. It's like no I'm, just being nice to you mm-hmm. Do you have that a lot with uh yeah, guys yeah, giving your [ __ ] smile more? Do you get that? Yes and, and it's like it's I would I don't want to smile, because I don't want to get to think that I'm starting hitting on you right and it's like hey. Why are you not smiling it's on both ways? You're gonna get criticized and interesting. It used to happen to me a lot it's been like. Nowadays we don't go out so much. We stay in the house at the house and in LA there's not much walking to do you always driving, but in other places where we've lived it. What happened to me a lot I see Neal get. She gets attitude boy and I love it all right. Some more I'll walk and someone will be like nice eyes. Oh yeah and you see me hurt so if you're like, if you're gonna be nice and response, they think the next scent is gonna be like. Can I have your number right if you're, not nice, so what's wrong with you, [ __ ] accept the compliment. [ __ ], yeah, yeah, huh I've, seen I've seen that happen to you firsthand and there's nothing wrong with like trying to hit on a girl, but sometimes it's just uncomfortable and you don't want it at every turn. If you just walking down the street, doing errands you don't want, or if you're, in a taxi with a driver. It's pretty that's robbery, that's bad! So it happens in pretty inappropriate situations. A lot interesting, more generally, do comments on the internet. Get to you. Does that [ __ ] bother you sometimes it does I always try to I've been through different phases: I [, __, ], elate Liam, not so much, but there was a time when it did I think I've, learned kind of to distance myself from the comments. I. Don't know it goes through phases, I agree. Yeah. Lately we've made the conscious decision to just like kind of stop. For the most part, my rule is like I'll read top three comments: yeah. When you go deep, you get you get upset, mm-hmm, don't go below the top. Three you'll feel feel great and you'll have a great day. Sometimes I see Heelys she's gone beyond the top three I'm like you're in too deep bounced out now get out telling you and the same thing to me. - yeah, don't go too deep, that's our rule! I! Have we have friends who do YouTube or like I, read every single comment that to me isn't? Is it I, don't know how you can live your life that way, I almost don't believe it. It's like how it's impossible, yeah, but not not only not just like the is it physically or time-consuming. How do you handle that many opinions about you impossible to handle in so you know hearing the thoughts of a million people. It's like there's a superhero like yeah he's out there, you guys, no, no, the super arrow, it's called Jim Carrey, it's called being a shitty, it's called being a youtuber I've got all these voices in my head. I, don't have any superpowers just a bunch of people insulting me online, but I think I'm. I think I don't mind it as much now. Yeah, that's good! Here's another question from the subreddit, the I'll phrase in their voice, logical defense, says: hey elo. My girlfriend relates to a lot to you. We originally started watching you you're Ethan and HeLa Channel and it's a huge part of our life, we're speaking as an outsider to your relationship, but it seems that sometimes Ethan's rather large personality can get in the way of expressing your thoughts on stream. With that being said, you need thin seem extremely happy with each other and I'd like to know what you think about this I'm asking because I tend to be a very social person and find myself in a sense steamrolling, my girlfriend in social environments. What's your opinion like how do you feel about my personality overshadowing yours sometimes or maybe me talking over you stuff, I really don't mind it, because I don't like being in the spotlight anyway. So if you like, if you're kind of like taking the lead and taking more attention than I'm cool with it, because I don't want it yeah. So, usually, if like there's a balance that I'm okay with I think I sense that yeah, like sometimes I I, sensed your relief for me to finish your set your statement and so erupt, but is there ever times where I talk over and you're like [ __ ], this guy dude, not really with you not so much I think it happens to me sometimes when we'll hang out with people and then there's like three guys talking, mm-hm I feel like I can't get a sentencing because everyone's talking loud and very assertive yeah yeah, but that's something else. Yeah! It's a different thing. Shy people problems. Are you shy? What do you hold you considers? Are you shy person? Are you introvert I, don't know I'm. Just me, baby I think I'm, shy and think I think I'm all of the above, but you can also be very assertive I've seen you serve yourself well beyond what I would be comfortable with the other hand, you know and depends on the situation. That's that is really sad. When I see you look going like I'm going to this person to the door and I'm telling them they got a problem and I'm like I'm, saying back on the sidewalk and wash from here. It's like this fuse that like if, if someone like, if I get upset mm-hm, then it's like it's a short there's like a little fire and it's very short right and then when it like it, it goes right. No, no, like I, get upset this [ __ ] needs to go down. Yeah um, if, like I, if I have a problem with Ana spectrum, then I'll call them and it'll be like get your [ __ ] together, but you got I mean your look. It works man, I! Think you you like your assertiveness is in its defense. If I have a mission in my head, well like if it's a shoot or if we want to get a video done and we're missing a prop, so it's like no I'm gonna get that I'm gonna, get that brought right. I'm gonna find it yeah, interesting, intuitively I, think you're a great producer and that you're always focused on the task and getting [ __ ] done you're good at managing stuff and so like in terms of a behind the scene partner like as we're on partners and I'm like the talent, that's what they call it. I'm uh trying to call myself and you're behind the scenes running like you're, perfect at that I. Think that's the secret to our success is that I'm awful at managing my own life or anything for that matter, and so that's a perfect balance. I think there mm-hmm well and short to add to address this guy's question talk talk to her to see if it annoys her yeah I for me and actually don't find it annoying I, sometimes I'm more comfortable. That way, I think we're just we spent so much time talking and interacting that, like we read each other yeah very well, yeah I think Ethan would know if I wanted more attention brought to me. I think you helped me in a way when you know that I don't want it. Sometimes that comes off as like I see this comment a lot and it does kind of annoy me sometimes what it's like, whatever mm-hmm they're, like just let Ella talk, yeah, stop interrupting ela and it's like, and everyone thinks I'm interrupting, [ __, ], yeah I think but I do feel like sometimes I'm helping you yeah to complete a statement. Man I'm such a martyr, dude I'm such a great guy Bravo I, take home. Just video you're kidding Oh aliens, even so Paul he's so arrogant. Give me a [ __, ] break. Everyone knows by now that Elon Musk is my dream: podcast guest, so Elin I'd like to ask you who is your dream? Podcast guest? I I thought that question yet sometimes thing whether I know yeah that one was coming. I didn't see all the other questions. I had no idea, but for that one I I did think about it. I think obviously Larry David, god I'd be crazy. It'd be like I, don't even know. If I want to meet him because I like him too much I, don't want to what if he got accused. Would that just destroy her? There is no way he didn't have the balls. There's tulare David, there's no way: mmm Larry, don't [ __ ] up Heelys, trusting you man, I'll bet you, like my whole money that he's never done anything like that's my money, no, that that's off the table. Um Larry, David and I'm I taught about someone Louis, Theroux, lovely phonetic, yeah Wow that could be possible. Louise been on Joe Rogan, so yes, I mean clearly I'm. Just saying this, posse yeah dan write that down we're sorry good, a list of our dream guests, Louis Thoreau's gotta be at the top yeah. If you guys don't know him whoa check him out, it makes the best documentaries the best. It's like, not even documentaries like yeah. The classical approach to making documentaries is that you don't ever put yourself in the documentary. But his approach is the exact opposite. He just his personality is like an empty slate and he's got this super coy and like manipulative I, want to say intelligently way of making people open up and the most thing and things that they should would never ever talk like they're in therapy with this guy on camera, and he just was just so natural. It just happens: yeah yeah, it's it's incredible. I've we've watched every single everything he's made, can't recommend it now I'm ready to rewatch it all Louie get your ass on the show. What would you ask him see? I, don't know like I sang with Larry David and him not sure that do you just want to hang it's kind of scary to meet someone that you really like, because I don't want to ruin it like, for example, I really like stranger things and I know that Tim Finn one of the actors. He knows us yeah and he follows us, but we never met him and I kind of don't want to because I love, the show I mean you don't want it. I, don't want to ruin that image. That I have, in my mind, have we ever met somebody that we really love like in turn like on that level, not sure I mean Justin was kind of one Justin roiland were we Rick and Morty. Yeah is a great show that we loved, and then we met him, but that one was was like that one was so weirdly chill where it's just like you come over, and then we were just like immediately just hit it off great friends, but the one that I'm that I'm scared of is like Tim, Heidecker I heard that he's like Oh Ben. My one of my comedy idols I mean he's pretty much. The reason why we make you too, like he had that big of an influence on me, especially in our early days and I, have a feeling he's not the easiest guy to get along with yeah love him on the podcast by the way, then add that some consider you a fashion icon, yella. This is weird that this was so high up in the questions, but people want to know where do you get your slamming mom jeans? Okay, most of them I. Can say are from Levi's okay, so there you go there, you go, but why they find it. You gotta really look through the website some I bite on online and you just need to know your size and then you can go whatever you need, but they have a lot of crap there like a lot of really shitty. Looking hmm, you just got to look through it and find the good one. I can say living with ela. She puts in a lot of work. It's not easy! Finding perfect mom jeans, like you order pants every day and send 90% of them back, not bad. Nobody, like you put in the work, you're studying you're, looking you're ordering you're sending back you're taking notes. It's a lot of work guys. You think looking this good is easy, no Shakespeare! How do you write a masterpiece? Not takes a lot of work. Let's start there I'll agree with that. She's such a great pants, looker I wish yeah. Have you always been interested in fashion? I was actually when we first met, I was gonna. Try to go into fashion school I mean I, did try to go into fashion school, but I didn't get in I got you got declined. You got declined by the decline, so I ended up way a year. Cuz there's always like this season, where you can sign up for school and the next year, I signed up for art and I got in sign it up. Studying art you being denied by fashion school is kind of the best thing that ever happened, possibly because I don't know that you would have ever come and stayed with me yeah that happened in between and also we made. We started making YouTube videos because I studying I was studying art and I. Had this mandatory class of video art right and I never made a video before a short video that was the first time. I had to do it, so we did something at home yep, and that was our YouTube video started. They were all my class assignments, mm-hmm I love that he's wondering your poor classmates without yeah, but there that goes to show you you had to get denied entry to fashion school to own your own fashion, company and that'll teach you a lesson: kids opportunities around every corner. You got to go through the doors available to you. If one gets closed, there's another one open, keep slamming Bradbury farms are fertile. You just got to have this will to pick him. Did you ever expect like from then to now that you would be owning your own fashion company? No, no I, still don't it's still like we'll see where he goes. I'm, obviously I'm very serious about it and I hope that it will grow into like a real fashion, company and a clothing line, but it still feels really early to write, be all proud about. It, yeah of course, but I know I hadn't, no idea that it would happen. It's just funny. It's like a full circle, yeah. What do you? What is your long-term vision for Teddy, fresh um I, hope that it can be like a serious brand? You know that people know about and they know the vibe of it. Hmm, it's got its own following and I hope to be able to make like cool kind of like high quality stuff, but for not that expensive like if, like you, don't have that many options like you have the hmm and so on Urban Outfitters, and then you have the super expensive stuff like Gucci and right stuff. No, no one can afford right and there's not a lot in between strange, but I found that it's very strange that that's the case yeah and like a really highly designed, really beautiful, high concept clothing. That's well made. It doesn't cost a thousand dollars per garment, mm-hmm and I. Just yeah I just hope that I can create something. That's a little different, because I always feel like in my drawings. I have a certain different vibe that I I think it would be cool if I can translate it into clothing. Well, I'm, pretty good! It's crazy, I'm! So proud of you like! Thank you just to gush for a minute. It's insane like how much how much work you've put into this. How much focus just on this first collection on making a business you have to have lawyers to copywriting on your logo and trademarking. You have to find manufacturers designers, like the amount of work and focus that you put into this, is insane it's really difficult and really time-consuming. What's uh, what like? What's going on behind the scenes that you think people don't realize, is so hard about running a clothing company or starting one um, mostly the the fact that the whole process takes so long mm. It takes so long and then manufacturers, you know it takes a few days to make, is not a few. It takes maybe a few weeks to make a sample and then, if you want a certain custom fabric, they have to source the fabric, they have to do lab dips to their certain color that you want, and if you want a certain zipper and certain you know, everything is like they need to source it, and it just really takes a long time and and also it's not that cheap, at least starting, because I don't order that many pieces, it's not like so yeah I, don't get those crazy prices. So it's just so you gotta have patience. I guess were like I, designed it and I just want to see it already, but I have to wait months in between that shocked me till like, if you like, you're trying to make a collection for winter, and it's gonna be like like. What's going on with that collection, like tell me about it, I was hoping to have it before Christmas like in December, and it's already looking like. There's no way that's happening, so we're really trying to push to have it in January and like we're really pushing everyone, so I'm hoping we can get in January, because I'm I've designed winter clothes I, don't want it to come too late and then miss the winter right. So it's a lot of like coordinating all of that stuff and then once it's ready, they need to ship it, and then there could be problems with the shipment like on our last batch of the first job. There was water damage right, I have a bunch of boxes that they had to redo yeah and then the shipment there was. There were delays, it's like a lot of logistics and coordinating and then, in the same time you already have to start working on spring yeah cuz. It takes so long takes like four months from concept selling at least yeah. It's crazy! You were you said it's almost like by the time you actually get to sell it. You almost don't even care about it anymore, yeah you're, because you're already in the future, working on yuusha. It's really weird feel different. Now, when I see their yeah when I see that clothes, because I'm already like shifted my focus like to collections next I'll, say, though, that winter collection it's so sick, I love everything on it. I'm really I can't wait. Cool sick bro. Tell me what does Teddy fresh mean? How what what does uh did? You do make the design yourself? Yes, okay, um, I, like to dry by hand, I, don't know illustrator very well, moreover, Photoshop person and but I don't like drawing digitally I. Just like the paper and markers and pens, I love, your sketches I wish I hope we can share those someday. Oh yeah should do so I like to actually draw the clothes and that's how I design it very cool, but certainly someday you're gonna have probably you're gonna need designers. If you want to build it into a big brand yeah. Hopefully, I can understand myself. What's the concept of this brand so that I can explain it to other people and we can collaborate right. That's cool I! Guess eventually, you would just be kind of the taste you'd be the judge at the top. Hookah says this represents my taste, but it's awesome that you're in the trenches doing all that [ __ ] now so that you understand how the company works yeah, eventually, when you're not doing all the designs by hand, the us, what's the teddy fresh, what is Teddy fresh mean um I just wanted something like I like I like through this stuff. That's like a little childish, but also not like the contrast of like I, don't know it's a little teddy bear and I just we actually talked about the name together. I made all kinds of sketches for the teddy bear. That's actually this shirt, the the shirt that has old it's over or was it, although those were all my attempts at making the logo. That's awesome and I just say: I ended up drawing this one and you liked it too yeah. It's great I love the logo so much at first, we weren't really shown the name, but it really like it's settled. Mmm I, like it I like it for sure steady, fresh dude, forget about, but I always see you looking at, like kids, clothing. Mm-Hmm as like your big inspiration, yeah I love it you guys, should look at kids clothing that [ __ ] is insane. You know they got such cool stuff and then, if you want to find it for adults, you only find it like Gucci and it's $600, yeah yeah I. Don't know why! How are these kids getting a pass? You have like this insanely designed beautifully made jacket that only like three year olds can wear or like five year olds, and it's like 50 bucks. How do they do that? I? Guess it's not a lot of material, but still the design is really high-level. I! Guess it's just not that common for adults to be interested in it. So it becomes nature. That's the thing! The designers they feel like they have this license to be creative and wild, because it's a kid he's playful right, but it's actually amazing, clothing and I feel like that design eye is just gone in adults, but it's like you, said in Gucci. That's where you see it mm-hmm! So it's like: let's, let's bring it back, I guess! That's your thesis of Teddy, fresh kind of yeah cool, hey I, like I've, always liked contrasts like take something childish and mix it with something. That's not more things like that. When I didn't art, - I was gonna, say you have a really wonderful, colorful, unique art style that a lot of people are really appreciative of I feel like who are your inspirations in art? Where do you? Where do you think you've got that style from that taste? I people always ask me that I don't really have like artists. That I really follow her. That inspired me that much there's some that I like but I'm, not like an avid follower of anyone, um I. Think, though you told me the other day we were walking through the museum in San, Diego art and you said, art is dead yeah. What did you mean the whole experience of walking into a museum? It's so sterile and you have to be quiet and you have to be like you have to look at a painting that doesn't mean anything and you have to be like. Oh I get it right when you don't and it costs millions, and you have no idea why and I just don't get the whole I think it's so old. Was it at one point interesting what happened to her? It was yeah, it always changes and there was the realistic kind of drawing that was huge. You know and then and then there was a modern art that kind of took it and like completely broke it. It's I mean there were a lot of steps in between sure but I think like when you check some Pollock happened that started that whole like abstract, which was more of a comment Terry on the art that it proceeded, yeah and yeah. At the time it was valid commentary yeah, but I feel like today it kind of created a lot of like lazy, art mm-hm. That is just it's just like not much and it's a and they also like they're, also full of themselves in art. Like there was this one scene. There was this famous. There was a huge thing, ready-made art, mm-hmm and, like all these different art paradigms, like you were saying, ultra realism, yeah Impressionism, whatever they all are an interesting commentary, cubism, and so in that and that much it's easy to look back and be like. Oh that's not that interesting, but in the time it was important and that's, and so there was ready-made art that was important when it happened like this one guy yeah a urinal mm-hm, and that was like what year was that from actually I don't know in the year 50s come look it up, Marcel Duchamp, but when he made it, it was like it took a urinal that he just bought from like a Home, Depot all right store and he put it in the museum. And so this is art 1917 and said that was a hundred years ago. That's great and back then that was a that was like brilliant right. It was like a parody, was a satire of self-aware yeah and since then, I feel, like people are like Oh ready-made. Are they like miss the whole point and they're just putting random [ __ ]? This is really popular still, but random, [, __ ] call it art and it's like -, you missed the point. The urinal was the joke, and that was a hundred years ago. Yeah and it's like you, walk through museums and it's just it's time, capsules that doesn't mean anything to anyone, anymore, yeah and there's nothing interesting happening and when I, when I went to art school, they can teach you this, like they kind of it's I kind of see it as a quote. They have like this way of living that you're supposed to fall, where you need to be obsessed with art galleries and every week, there's art, openings and you're supposed to be going to all of them right and be following all that stuff and like you got to be miserable I. Remember one of your teachers saying something to you about our relationship yeah. She said she doesn't think you can make art while being in a happy relationship like [, __ ], you it's a contradiction. Maybe in your life you said miserable mmm I just find it also funny I. Don't that really pissed me off by the way. Yeah I told me she said that I was like who the [ __ ], you sorry, your life sucks. So does your art probably and they're, finding facts about her. We had two courses in a year, yeah, the second one. She just didn't- show up: yeah, she's, miserable she's off being miserable somewhere, um I, just don't don't relate to the art scene, anymore, I, don't know if I ever did I like art in a way, but I don't really like the art scene, and so when we go to a museum I, really don't like the experience you know boring it's just old like we're living in this ditch this wonderful digital age, I feel like any interesting art now needs to be interactive in some way it needs to be playful. Use, be colorful needs to be stimulating and fun. There's nothing that will excite any human on this earth about a painting on a wall. That's like it's just it's just doesn't do anything anymore, yeah at one point it did but I think your in description of being like a cult, is really accurate. Cuz. It's like everyone walks around, like oh yeah, art, let's go to the museum and meanwhile you know everyone is like this I would. This is awful I hate it mm-hmm. What was that great curve on get quote about art? Remember that something about like art is just a conspiracy between the rich yeah to make the poor people feel down. Yeah god bless Kurt, Vonnegut, um, I, also I. When people always ask me about inspiration, I, just don't really I, don't really see it. That way like if I look at a bunch of stuff. It's interesting and it's good to know. What's going on good to know the history and all that, but when I draw I try to like I, actually don't look at anything and I, don't like you specifically don't want outside. No, it's like it's distracting and it's exhausting me if I go to if I see something that I like it's actually exhausting. It's like I can never make that it's kind of depressing me interesting, so I, don't even like it. I, don't I just if I draw I'm just gonna put on music and just not look at anything. Do you have favorite artists today who are making modern I would even call it postmodern I, don't know, there's some famous artists that I do like like Takashi Murakami or pull ups from their art because I, if you like them, then they must be amazing. How do you spell that Takashi more here, I got it Morikami, let's see so these look at this. This [ __ ] is insane and when he doesn't ever been to his exhibitions, but when it does one it's like the whole spaces design. You basically entering a world yeah areas- and this is crazy- didn't look! Oh [, __ ]. That is so nuts. It's like anime. It's really awesome I, just like reduced this yeah. No, he does easy. It does do stuff with any my few type sculpture, here's a very famous, really sculpture, of like an animate creature girl. Wouldn't this one here stuff like time. Oh, my god. I can't show that what the [ __ ] was that it's aren't you sure, oh yeah, it's art! We can show that yeah get off my back twitch dance blur that put a blur over that place and another one is what can I just describe it. It's Goku with a lasso jerking off a massive erection so, but damn Bruce's frill blur that I know it's art, so get off my back YouTube and twitch, but dance just to be safe because I respect them in our audience. Where that another one is Yayoi Kusama who Sawa isn't that me and like cuz I know it's like it's a curse, never Aegina! Oh I, know what's their name. Why a? Why? Why why he did it? The first one: okay, oh [, __ ] yeah, this lady's nuts. Look at this installation like this is art like you walk into a museum that looks like this you're, like oh all, right man I'm, experiencing something that outfit by the way so I like them. Okay, I see why no I definitely see why look at this lady shit's crazy. What even is this look at this? This is like an installation with mirrors and you're like inferring, oh man, pumpkins or something yeah well, cool I. Can tell I definitely see what what you see in this wow. This isn't their abode very famous by not very established artists. Look at this another Infini infinity mirror. So is this an installation, yeah cool nice, good taste, [Music]? What's your favorite video we've made on h3 and on Ethan in ela, or do you have one in particular that you really love I? Guess, like the obvious one is vapenation yeah the modern art I like yeah? That was a lot of fun, making mmm for obvious reasons: yeah as we just spoke about the 90's boy band. Yes, I must got killed, making that one yeah it elects the ones where I must humiliate essentially I'm right there with you. There I need to mean you are I like the water park video the summer. Look. Definitely my favorite I love that video I also enjoyed making the block challenge or whatever way of it. We just bought black products like it didn't even make any sense, and we just yeah. That was a lot of fun. It kind of sucks, I miss those videos, I feel like on h3. If we put those videos up now, people wouldn't be receptive and we just don't really have the energy to make those videos just to put it on Ethan yella. You know yeah it's weird. We combined the channels and now I kind of feel like if we like, we would have to split it again. If we made those videos, it's sighs, it's annoying. Look. We were gonna, shoot a dumb products, video we're basically like those ones. We used to make yeah and we're just like I, don't know if we can post this on h3 like everyone's gonna get angry they're, not gonna like it, it's frustrating um. How was the experience of making Ethan and ela videos and being on and then all of a sudden being in front of the camera every day for a long time, all right, it's good. It's say it's not easy for me, but it's kind of like therapy and way something that I I'd like to improve. So it's kind of good mm-hm. What is it like? It's because I fact, sometimes you just need to push yourself through whatever is difficult yeah, even when I draw when I sit to draw and would take me, maybe like an hour to just start to actually draw once I get into it. I will enjoy it, but I, don't know why there's like all these feelings of like I, don't want to do this just check my email and put this aside and I'm into something else before I start. Do you feel like you're, less shy, or do you just power through it, because you're like I, have to do this I guess it's kind of both mm-hmm I, maybe I'm less shy, but I also power through it if I feel nervous, right, yeah, so I guess finally, I'll wrap it up here with one last question: you're inside the h3h3 behind-the-scenes of what's going on there? What are some challenges that people don't see? Is there something that you wish people knew or understood about h3 or what goes on there with making videos? What is it? People don't see that you wish they understood is I, don't know it's kind of a broad question mmm what something? Maybe that just people don't know about h3 that it's [, __, ] dope, not sure I, guess it's it's sometimes they like, for example, now that we haven't posted a lot I feel like maybe people don't know how much we are actually thinking about all the time and are concerned about it. Maybe they think we're just like. Let's just go, hang out at the pool and not post anything for two weeks, but we're actually like stressed about the fact that we're not poisoning for two weeks I mean while working on I. Think not it's not because of our decision not to post it. Sometimes just it becomes sometimes difficult to make videos and you do it for so long. You you start changing and then maybe you need to change the content or not just becomes kind of there's like periods where kind of like becomes room. We've been through, like three periods where you're super super hard to make content and I feel like we're in one now mm-hmm and besides, that we're super busy with all this other stuff with the podcasts, your fashion company, something else that's going on that we can't talk about, but it's really big, yeah and so I, don't know yeah it's hard to know. If it's that all that stuff or for just in a phase it's so it's tough and it's hard and I feel and I also sound, might actually feel like we're betraying in a way our fans who are who really do want like when we walk outside and people are super nice and say how they love our videos and stuff, and it's like man I want to make videos for those guys, but it's so sometimes it's so hard I, don't know why yeah huh, [ __ ] made it well. In other words, we're out here we're trying to be patient with us all right. Well, ela, I, love! You I appreciate you! Thank you for muscling through that I know. It's not easy for you. Thank you must have been very challenged by the way. It's almost been two hours really in two hours us has been talking about [, __, ], that's great, that's pretty high I'm, so I give it up. I took might be any Tia appreciate you thank you for everyone watching and being interested in what I have to say. We don't have a guest next week, but we're working on I think possibly post Malone will be here next week. Not a hundred percent Stern, so I don't want to end that in, but we're working on that and a couple other cool guests coming up thanks for joining us guys, thanks as always for spending your day with us and and coming along on a dis wild do yeah. Thank you, I really appreciate you coming and muscling through god bless and listen. You guys are just great love. You a lot we'll see ya next time, bye guys! Thank you.