[Music] welcome one and all to the h3 experience extravagance, also known as the podcast you got to hype it up. We are back with the greatest episode we have ever produced here of all time. Um. You can't say that I'm kidding I'm, kidding I'm kidding this we're actually not doing much worth goofin we're chilling we're chatting when this is a very mediocre episode, we're just sitting here. You know every time it's like this is the best episode of no. This is a very mediocre up. So let me be upfront with you, but sometimes the mediocre ones are the best. Maybe you you'll never know so you, unless you watch yeah, well I'm, just trying to keep them interested cuz. You don't wanna, be like hey. It's mediocre and I'm like well. Alright, please turn it off. Um the media under ones are sometimes the best and you guys all watching know exactly what I'm talking about. We got some great stories. Let me just say that today's episode is sponsored by an VMT movement Squarespace in hims great. Let me also say that we've got a wonderful guest who's coming up after the break. William Osmond he's this incredible engineer that makes basically products that shouldn't exist. He's got the series he calls, they didn't ask for it, but we made it anyways and he made for me a coughing beanie, which we didn't ask for everybody might even ask for it, but he sure made it, but it's really cool and more interestingly, he was his house. Interestingly, but tragically, let's say his house burned down during the crazy Ventura fires. I'm sure you guys all remember yeah during the construction of the beanie itself, so I am looking forward to chatting with him about all of that. I'm also excited to tell you guys that the next four weeks are insane our schedule: Tom Segura next week on June 15th, buggie, yeah, boi, boogie2988 back on June 19th, the next week Chris D'elia, June 29th, and in July 6 we got Bo Burnham Wow, a freaking house Wow. Thank you, Wow! Well, I was right. Wow. Thank you. Thank you and Dean. Can we get the Owen Wilson? Well, he already did your snoozing on the Wow now get either going Wow Wow. Thank you. Yeah I'm, actually I'm so excited for all these guys coming up. I'm excited to be here today with you because well let me just say this that after today I'm sad to say they were giving shredder to my parents tonight, which is so tragic. It seems so wrong to just sleep in our home, but they'll shred you, but the reason being is that tomorrow morning we are going on vacation for my birthday, it's like make sure I mention you're going on vacation and now shrivel is mine. Shredder, it's okay! Maybe that amount what'd I tell you guys this one mediocre or what all right sometimes they're the best, though close the door. Sometimes the mediocre ones are the best we are live villa for christ sake, we're live, have a seat. Let's move on what'd I tell you: did we put on a good show uh? But let's see here I there there's a lot I want to get to, but let's cut to the chase cuz, there came up a clip of a news broadcast and I love like [ __, ], Eve news broadcast they're, just always good, but this is like pure distilled cringe and the heart of a star under gravity of gravitational forces. Basically, a black hole of cringe, it's so powerful and so great Dan go ahead and roll it. You know usually the world of inflation, you guys drink it. We notice. Is that a good thing? We got inflation all right started over on. You know, usually when you're talking about the world of inflation, you guys, you probably notice. Is that a good thing or or not a good thing? Inflation I'm! Sorry, the question again: Dave is the inflation in our world a good thing or not a good thing. It depends upon what the title is. What are we talking about so he's an ad like this inflation con like yeah, inflate, a balloon and so he's trying so hard for this bun and I love how he like Mouse his head. Like he's waiting he's like he needs the answer from back home in the studio, is it a good thing or a bad thing and and I don't think that the guy in the studio can hear- or he can't see so he's actually nobody's talking about? Was it trying to make it Joe? Yes, is inflation, a good thing or a bad thing he's just like what are you talking about? Bob guys roll it in a solution? If you have an inflatable boat, you see if you heard the wind you right, but generally when you hear the word, inflation not economical, good, come to mind yeah for me, yeah yeah! Well, let me tell you that you're right about, if you say, good, you're right, because this is the world of inflatables, give yourselves a nice round of applause everybody. These are just a volunteers coming out here today and Abby, who you're gonna have what kind of fun do you think you're gonna have today? What is that? Is that the strangest question you could ask someone what kind of fun? What kind of how many options are there regular bounce it regular fun? What kind of fun do you expect to have today here? Let's see how she has lots of fun? That's it that's a good kind, hoping just helping everybody. Do you think you can find here today? What does that mean? Yeah I think so because looking for someone say, bouncy Ollie's can come and kind of bounce around, but you need something and I'm gonna. Have everyone? Do it like a magic chant all right, you guys ready, because when we're talking inflatables, can you buy some all these poor sons of [ __ ]? It looks like it's 8 a.m. these guys are all working. You know they started at the beginning of a really long day and they did not sign up for this [ __ ] man he's about that he's about to have him all start chanting and clapping and [ __ ], so he's just a TV reporter yeah. What kind of fun do you expect to have on our vacation? You know bouncy fun, bouncy. Why would you have bouncy fun? That's been inflated. Are you guys, ready repeat after me, abracadabra 1, 2 3, so much Tara like just you know, I'm, not saying that, my goodness they said it. This is an honor first of all. Well, thank you. I we are local san diegoans, so we're proud to be here. Everybody on this wonderful, beautiful Saturday morning welcome San, Diego I. Just think you know this is so much fun here. First I posit mister wacky's really got it together, man, anyone there he's like the most coherent person there I wonder what kind of fun he's expecting to have today: wacky fun, maybe black yeah, that's a great! Is there more? Does this finish off with the strong little bang there yeah yeah I had the crims continues it's longer than a 5k right? Well, yes, each participant has the option a lap as many times as they want we're out here, trying to get really Alan mr. William business families in San Diego. So we're really excited to be here. We have all kinds of attractions behind us and, of course, that family they want with inflatables on them. Labels on us, I mean everybody here becomes an inflatable today. Do they want to be inflatables today? You guys want to be inflatable yeah. Absolutely people are adult. Well, that's why they're all like good I inside the big Becky is doing the mr. wacky right now, yeah you got his head down. Mr. Fleming is not there. Oh no I think he's texting. He should that guy was text out. He was not having any of this [ __ ]. Let me see yeah this guy's a hero. That's the guy that also didn't repeat what yes tours like I. Don't get paid enough for this. Mr. wacky bull attendees can enjoy bounce houses, live music, food and dancing. I love this guy, you know, can you go back to the beginning, Dan cuz? That definitely still is my favorite part when the with that joke, which is crush, go ahead. Let me see this. The world of inflation. You guys, you probably noticed. Is that a good thing or or not a good thing? Inflation such a good setup. You know, and you had the thing about it. That's such a good stuff is I. Don't know how to answer that, like he's expecting an answer, I guess he was expecting him say it's bad. Inflation is bad, but maybe it's good I, don't know price. That's a bad moment! You see this guy. This was on dad morning at yeah. Dad morning, a San Diego dad morning to you shout out to all the dads. It's 58 degrees out here in dad morning, San Diego, dad of the morning to you, go ahead. Play I. Just wanna I want to see this I'm sorry, the question again: Dave is inflation in your lie? I love! It, though, dad in the morning Tia as inflation, generally more of a dad thing or uh I'm waiting for you to answer all right. That was it. That was a special thing know what that was. You know it's rare to come across a true beautiful gem like that and I said hey. Let's start this episode off right because, frankly, we've got thing else going from episode. We've got actually the show we're ready to wrap it up. I'm kidding I want first of all, I'm, that's not a true. We've got William, Osmond and I. Don't mean to uh, you know, make it sound like he's, not amazing who did air alright. Today, FBI off-duty agent drops gun this I love so effing good. You know it's funny. I saw that video and I didn't know that was an FBI guy. Well he's not in uh he's an off-duty FBI agent and he's at a dance off of all places drunk and he's he's doing some crazy moves. You know he's really getting into it he's losing himself in the music. You know, god bless. Sometimes it's good to lose yourself in the music like Ian last night, Kanye Dan got in into the Kanye preesh live. What do you call that [ __ ]? How do you call it? A listening party listening party and I got a clip of of Ian by the bonfire look at he's in the tribal trance. Sometimes you got to be in that travel yeah, but when those times happen, don't have a loaded gun on you know. So this FBI guy. Well, let's just go ahead and watch. Look at those moves. [Music] [Applause] got him see what here's my favorite part. Why she's? Like my bad, my bad y'all, so he actually shot somebody yeah poor son of a [ __ ] in the foot, my bad. How was it more, but my bad orzo wasn't me? No, it was my bad. My bad y'all, FBI I, think it's under control and like took. It must have happened that he went and grabbed the gun and pulled the trigger on accident right which apply. No, why the guns? Don't just go off when you drop it, not look! That's a movie thing. Can we play yeah, let's replay it because well, it also implies that the safety wasn't even on I mean what, though yeah freak happen here now yeah you're loaded. Take it easy. I mean it. He grabbed it yeah, but he barely touches it I know, but like it was already settled on the floor, yeah I think he must have pulled the trigger he's clearly very drunk, so the safety wasn't on damn dog you're packing heat. So this this legend shots him on the foot but was actually even better was the guy who got shots reaction to being shot. You have that Dan, this guy's, a [ __ ], ledge chorizo I, had to a screencap it all right from CNN or whatever the [ __ ]. So here we go now I want charissa. Do you want this news? Anchors intro I want jack-in-the-box a dance, no good. Just go to his viral video. We showed you earlier this week. I wrote it yeah this viral video inflatable wacky man day this video got a million hate. I know what everyone calls it a No to skip to the they go to the leg. With friends at this Denver bar over the weekend, when 29 year-old rehabbed, what happened, they're gonna circle, it watch his leg covered in blood. Somebody called 911 and I blacked out and I woke up to such a regular guy. Finding tourniquets Reddington says his injury is putting his physically demanding job at risk. Walking is next to impossible, but he says after watching this video dozen times, but when I saw him do a backflip I couldn't help but laugh I, don't blame the guy. I don't want to ruin his life. The FBI tells ABC that agent Bishop will be held accountable and could also face criminal charges. Denver police say they're still waiting, I, just love that guy I just couldn't help, but- and he even goes as far to say- I- don't want him to lose his job. Frankly, I do that's FBI man grace it also I love that screen cap of the FBI agent just smiling at the camera, with the shitty and grin like you up there, that was it like yup I did yep my bad damn. He seems like he's. You know just enjoying life he's happy-go-lucky, but enjoying a little too much exactly FBI supposed to have the collar on tight, no enjoyment, I prefer my FBI agents with no enjoyment see what happens when they have fun. No, he needs to go down in a statement from the bar. They said they hope the man will quit quickly, return to good condition and added that he will receive complimentary free drinks forever. If he ever comes back, that's [, __ ]. By the way, if you're trying to date, that's sick, you bring them to that bar, not only to get free drinks. All night, like I, was shot in the leg here. Yeah every drinks for life- that's pretty legit; no, that's the only bar is gonna go to that's all I would go to also not even for the free drinks just for the street. Cred like this guy was shot here. They're gonna play like a statue of him. They should. Why did his foot have two bullet holes and is anyone questioning the what's going on yeah? It's that was, that was a head scratcher? Maybe that's like just uh. Maybe that wasn't the bullet wound. Maybe that was from the tourniquet they put on or something I don't know. I may be related to an explanation of what I think happened. Is he shot himself twice said it was him that got shot so he can get free drinks for life. What I think happened is that nobody got shot at all. Never me I'm conspiracy, FBI conspiracy for lifetime, free drinks, yeah dude. We have the wackiest frickin stories today, dr. booty man, hmm dr. booty I said boot. Ate you right so this this is probably it's funny. We weren't gonna talk about it. I heard this on the radio as we were parking in the office. I know and I was like. Oh my god. This is incredible. So this woman, her first of all I'm calling her dr. booty, but her actual last name is bootay yeah how's that spelled damn. Do you have it back there just like booty butt with it? Oh here it was the own Bo. You tte, okay, dr. booty, she's, a dermatologist that when patients were under and without their consent she would start dancing and recording it like doing little bits and putting it on YouTube she's, doing [ __ ] well, she's got a scalpel doing a surgery and she's like doing it on the beat like. Oh it's, the craziest [ __ ] ever car, and not only that I mean we've got footage here, but like um, a hundred people apparently are suing her for having botched surgeries. Wow. One lawsuit claims that, after eight hours of surgery, someone sustained permanent brain damage from a dermatologist dancing how the [ __ ] does it dermatologists give someone brain damage? Oh my god and another she's leaning over the top of patients bare buttocks without surgical, masks or gloves. She holds surgical instruments and dances, while wrapping her own lyrics to me goes bad and Yuji. My painter, my patients are bad and bougie building up fat and the booty. That's what she said. Take it away. You know what open right, there's a beyblade cadaver but like to think like hey what the Sun you should Jimmy Lee and suck up with her. The dentist has a dermatologist anybody like she's, a serial offender. You know what I mean - yeah, Oh horrible, so she's done this hundreds of times and she had the all these videos on our YouTube channel and I. Guess somebody made a complaint. Some regulatory board like hey you know, maybe you shouldn't be doing surgery while dancing and recording without permission, without using surgical, gloves or being sanitary or paying attention to your open patient with the scalpel, a crazy man. That's so scary, it makes me think like whenever you go to weird doctor- and you have all this like scary thoughts in your head, like real man, they're all real. What do you think Jimmy Lee does too when your honor and she put it on YouTube yeah. Did she have subscribers like what I don't know that it's the channels gone now, I wonder how many subs she had yeah it's interesting, its unique content. Was he titled them this morning? When we heard this story, they put played a sound bite of her saying I. Did my soul-searching and I have done nothing wrong they're like do you think that um now that you have had time to reflect, do you think you've done anything wrong? I love that line I've done soul-searching I've searched my soul, I've meditated, deep and long about this and I've concluded. I've done nothing wrong. Ever in my life. How? What kind of sauce you didn't you didn't search deep enough, keep searching your soul. Has many crevices left still to search but I wonder what she titled her videos, opera, Nicki, Minaj Wow, hasn't gone wrong. Right live operation, Nicki, Minaj Beauty, what's the name of that uh uh, bad and bougie, bad and bougie live while operating on a patient and the thing is they blurring them in this video, but I think you could see some bare asses and like naked cadavers, what they didn't know there be filmed a prop. The story is unbelievable lover, dr. booty and Jimmy Lee. We need a crossover of a lie: those new together, yeah I'm, just I'm salivating, so um. Let's take a quick break. When we come back, we will be here with your boy, William Osmond, with the coughing beam Ian, it's a really cool invention, a great story. I think you guys gonna love this guy. After that we've got some great gaffes to get to I've got this segment about reporters destroying [ __ ] like while they interview people like you, know: school record, [, __, ] they're, like hey how's it going, then they topple the whole thing. I love! No! But I've got a conspiracy about it. Till we've been we we, we noticed a trend and we're suspicious, and we have thoughts that we'd like to share. In fact, we should have people call in dan only get some thoughts on that. Okay, so don't go away. We will be right back after this commercial break. See you soon. Thank you to movement and VMT for sponsoring this episode. Listen! Do you understand what a nice watch can do to your look, that extra little touch of class? That makes your dick extra touchable and my dick ela. If you saw a guy with a watch like this, what are the chances that you would touch his dick as opposed to not 100% whoa? You heard it here, I, don't want you hanging around any other guys with movement, watches [, __, ] I'm, the only one you guys know about movement. These two close dropouts have started their own wash company, this company's growing like crazy, and now, with almost 2 million watches sold in 160 countries, they continue to revolutionize fashion the belief that, on the belief that style should not break the bank, I don't know if you've checked out the site. Lately but they've doubled the number of watch styles and are still expanding. Ok, if you go to the store you're looking at maybe four to five hundred dollars for a watch of this quality, but at MVM t know starting at $95. This think you could take a bullet like Wonder Woman, don't try it. I am also wearing their bracelet yeah that bracelet honestly, it looks insane now here's what I'm pitching to you guys they've got sunglasses too Father's Day is coming up and you know dads love their washes. Okay, and if you go to nvm t.com /hd, you will get 15% off today with free shipping and free returns. That's MVM, t.com, slash h3, see why they keep growing and expanding like crazy. It's not for no reason. Let me give you a hint. The products amazing and you're gonna love it and the price is mind-blowing. Okay, so, head on back over to MB mc.com, slash h3, it makes a perfect gift, and let me tell you get this for your dad and I I. Think if you buy your dad a nice watch for Father's Day, that's pretty killer! I might actually take they're making their own. It's funny. My dad's watching this and he's like all right. I know if I don't end up buying this watch for my dad now, I'm screwed I'm, going to it's a perfect place to shop for an affordable, timeless gift, go to nvm, t.com, slash, h3 and join the flippin movement. This episode is sponsored by Squarespace, whether you need a domain website or online store, make it with Squarespace here's the deal they've got beautiful designer templates that make creating a powerful online identity, easy even easier. Each template is a starting point for a wide range of project, whether you're pursuing your side, hustle or promoting your main gig Squarespace has got that one-stop shop. This is gonna, make it all come together and make your dreams reality. One of those exactly you look it's an all-in-one platform. They've got create a beautiful website. It's just there's nothing to install patch or upgrade ever it's just so easy award-winning 24/7 customer service they provide. Who does that these days, if you're having a problem, you get a couple, they they're winning award. So let me just put it that way. If you don't believe me, it's simple to set up or transfer your domains on Squarespace domain transfer. You can now transfer your third-party domains to Squarespace. Instead of working with multiple vendors, to maintain your online presence, you're able to manage all your domains of billing setup with Squarespace and take advantage of our easy to use DNS interface enough that BS with any other crap, you can switch it over and it's all in one, that's the beauty of it. It's never been easier to sell products or services. Online Squarespace allows you to manage your products orders and inventory easily, so guys, listen. Making a website seems like a big deal. It's daunting! It's awful! It seems like better, but here's what Squarespace does they make it fun? They make it exciting. They make it easy and when you're done, you're gonna think wow. How did I create such a beautiful website when I'm just some incompetent idiot that can barely even type that's the power of Squarespace so head on over to squarespace.com, slash h3, to try it free for 14 days and to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain? Again, that's squarespace.com, slash! H3! Let me ask you: does your dick need a flick? Is it a little soft and it should be a little try to think of right. Soft eft? Well, sexual performance issues are way more in common than you think. Over 25% of new IDI cases are guys under the age of 40, fatty coding or my case guys under the age of 33 for hims, come a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care sexual wellness for men, thanks to science, edy can now be optional. Hims connects you with real doctors and medical grade solutions to treat your limp, [ __ ]. They say edy, but, let's be frank. Well, no. Generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions to help you combat edy that stands for erectile dysfunction, aka, limp [, __, ], LD, LD, Larry, David, L diva, then LD o see in this game. Well, let's, let's, let's focus all right! Prescription solutions are backed by science. So this is the real deal. Folks answer a few quick questions and chat with a doctor for a confidential review. Products are shipped directly to your door. Severe Edie, isn't just an issue for rich old guys. Well, clearly, it's not just for rich people. They're like oh, not only do not only do rich old, guys, dicks, not worth that's stigma. Now. Yeah, like the the commercials, are always like rich old guys, barbecuing and smiling and stuff, and all their problems over know that they can get a hard-on again. It affects men in the 30s and 40s as well being your best means performing your best. It's a reptile without the dysfunction hard made easy say hello to your little friend or in my case, to your microscopic friend, say hello to my mini friend. Try him for a month today for just five bucks, we'll get you started for just five bucks. While supplies last see website for full details, this would cost hundreds of bucks. If you went to the doctor or the pharmacy so go to four hams: calm, /, h3e D, that's fo, r, hims, calm, /, h, 3e d, 4, hams, calm, /, 83, EDD! Thank you all! So much. Let's get right back into it. We're back! Hey guys thanks for sticking around. So as promised, we've got here. The inventor of the coughing beanie himself, William husband, the owner of the incredible YouTube channel named after himself William Osmond owner owner creator, Trailblazer kind of weird I, don't like you can get a little close to the mic on that. Prepositions are sensitive yeah. How do you feel about the word? Youtuber? It's fine! You know wrong with it. I don't mind it as much as I should I feel like how long have you been doing, YouTube professionally, like making money? Yeah I live in your old half nice. That's good, not making money like 10 years, 10 years, really I! Guess we had like two years of of not making money, but we started like pretty late. You know, did you go in with the intention of making money? No, no! No! We didn't even know it was an option but I'm not listen. Oh, a small chapel. What's [ __ ] on your head, yeah! Oh, you know just what's on your head right, what is only $19, your beanie is making me very insecure things. Bigger it is much bigger. I can turn it on. So you have a series called they didn't ask for it, but I made it anyways right, I didn't ask for it, but we made it and sent it to the manual right. So you finally fulfilling a promise of sending it. Can you see that Dan? Oh yeah, we we're seeing it alright, you getting the sound that looks so good. You know what you know. What it is. It's like the Harry, Potter hat yeah, the sorting hats, trashy yeah exactly and we can. We can rig it up to blast smoke out to, and so you can control it with some smoky. Do you have to like take it apart and like I can do it yeah? No, don't worry about it. Don't worry about no, it's! Okay! Let's see the smoke I'll use Maria as my kind of falls off the head, though so, oh my god, I can't I'm, hearing myself dying over there come on the animations are all done by shut up Jeremy and John. Didn't wanna. Take so much of myself. There's a switch in here somewhere I can't find it help. We can't turn it off okay, so the story of this beanie creation is also an interesting one. Interesting a nice word for tragic one. I would say interesting. I mean like hindsight. It was a fantastic experience. Really well what happened? Let's start there, people know look basically my house burned down yeah from the wildfires and- and you grew up there, so you probably know a lot of the areas that were affected yeah and we were in the middle of working on this project like that night of and of all the stuff I grabbed all the pieces we had cut on the laser cutter came with us. Like I mean we left, we left all sorts of stuff, but mostly the beanie most of the beanie I wanted to acknowledge. Thank you saved. You save my baby, your meaning and I. Always wonder like how many things did you get to save the I knew it was coming yeah, but the problem is, nobody thinks their house is gonna yeah yeah, so you kind of assume like what do I really need if I I'm gonna lose all my stuff, what do I really care about? But what what you realize in the end is I should just spent an extra 20 minutes filling the car up. I was I brought my computer and, like my tower, I, even felt kind of stupid for dragging out of it, because you don't expect yeah you're, like yeah I'm overreacting, my house isn't gonna burn down, I'm, overreacting right and you know I'm sort of in my head. Like some of the stuff, we do I, don't know how much of our videos you guys ever watch but like if anyone's gonna burn my house down, it's gonna, be me yeah nature and so we're your neighbors spared or was a like. A God was like [, __ ], you specifically yeah. We got, we got smited, but it's not I, don't think it's I, don't know if it's entirely nature, but what happened was there was no water, so power went out the pumps weren't replenishing the water tanks up on the hills, and so they were conserving water like fire trucks could not get water serving they like so like. Well, it's it's I mean it kind of makes sense, so they go to a house. They see. The garage is already on fire because we lived in a studio attached to the house. That was a converted garage and so they're, like, let's conserve our water, save the house and put out like minimally in between the house in the garage, but the garage burned, what they didn't realize when we walked up and they're like we saved the house is that was our house, though the main house, the neighbors that lived in there were pretty much spared - their stuff. That was actually in the it's. You know they still lost, but it looked like. Well, we have a clip Dan. Can you roll it of the, because what I saw was just ruins? It was apocalyptic straight-up apocalyptic. Do you have the clip down yo? It's your boy here, William Osmond! Here this is a country house, tour. Yeah things have changed, we moved some furnace ones or just we got the idea at the beginning that yeah to see how was there anything spared cuz? It looks like a total apocalypse there. Well, the neighbor's house was totally fine, a separate, separate it's a detached unit or mostly detectives like an awning between the two, so the firefighters were basically trying to prevent it from spreading to the house instead of putting it because they like they were literally running on no water, like I, think someone had like a quarter tank and they're they're, just saying I'm, not fair, like come back up here like we need. You know on all my time in Ventura I mean we both grew up there around the same time. Nothing like this ever happened. Well, there's houses that are like I mean this is not like relatively old for Ventura, but you know people think of a house. 300 years old is old, but houses that had been there for 60 70 years burned down and it's like you know, I mean fires happen, but never like right. No, it was nothing like that, but although that goes down as the number one most destructive force, fire in California history, right, I, think I just saw, the sign of Rosa was I, think more houses, but I think the Thomas fire was more acreage. I just read like a week ago that they finally put out the last flame from this fire. Oh really, yeah no way yeah! That's that's correct! The timeline yeah it lasted until just a couple weeks ago, but just roll a little more. So we can see, though, lay the land. How long has it been? It's probably been gosh six months, six months, Wow like exactly, and this is kind of supposed to be a joke. We got to look at that. What kind of drinks we've got? Let's show you the fridge. You got. That's the strange the brats. Oh, they kind of lessen made it I know we do stuff might make. This seem like it was our fault, but he has experienced a massive wildfire can cause explode. I know you. You found one fork. That was the one remaining fork. Have you cherished that fork I, honestly, I honestly, don't know where the four oh no I, think we've got a I, don't have any place to keep stuff. Can I live in a Motorhome at my parents? House right is that where you ended up, relocating yeah so and and people support I mean it was I. I still feel like sort of like unworthy of the support we received, but yeah. You guys got like a hundred and seventy thousand sitting in an account, and it's like we weren't planning on buying a house and I think a lot of people don't know how expensive houses are here and they've never been through the house planning process. It's like you have to prove income to get a loan. You know the problem. Is we hadn't made any money that you're well I hadn't made any money. This is the same exact name right, and so you know now we had to get our taxes done, which was a whole nightmare because of the fire, and you do all the casualty, loss, stuff and I just hate doing taxes too so I do get do get help from the country for what happened? I! Wonder that too so I think we I don't even know what we lost I mean it's a lot of money worth of stuff gone like replacement car, not even the mines, the time it's the time. You know, because you can get something on Craigslist for GI collecting a lifetime's worth of yeah like how the F I think the total, like government compensation, was just a five thousand dollar reduction in your taxes. We have all the stuff. We lost that saved us about five thousand dollars in taxes which is kind of sad something yeah. It's not yeah. I thought it would be a lot more I did too and and I did not realize, because, like [ __ ] house burned down coupon, they were asking for fair market value like it's, your it's a percentage of fair market. It's fair market value is a deduction, so it's not like replacement cost insurance. This replacement cost depending on your type of interest. So how do you like I'm cured, always wondered about this? Your beanies or should I, say my beanie. So then you come my way sit nice. That was good! Oh no way you can control it so fun. Just coming out. No I hear burning, I. Think it's warming up, oh I, didn't plug the fan. I know the sound of a coil when I hear I forgot to put that way. It's the beanie even covered up. Just look fine yeah! It's all of those. When we make things we don't make great things. We make like good enough things. You know it's I'm, scriptable skeptical people that make great things good enough is all you hear even when they do they lie about it. They'll just show you the final product and and so you're like wow they're, really good everything, starter, yeah and you're like they're, not good at that they struggled a lot to weed you how to show most of our struggles right. So when you lose every possession you've ever had like what, like that I'm just curious howdy. What's the process like of like okay, you go to the site, everything's gone mm-hmm like what what do you do? Um I think you don't know what to do, which is you don't know what to do? You sort of sit there and think about like what do I do I mean it's a very lost feeling. It's not a good. It's imagine everything stripped away. You don't know what you're doing the next day. You don't know what you're doing the next week. You don't know anything and, like you don't know where you're gonna live, like my parents were out of the house too, we were living my whole family living in the motor home because the neighborhood's were locked out with National Guard and whoa like armed Humvees and stuff. So it's a very sort of like it's just like lost, you feel very lost and the one thing we had going was like. Well, we just keep making YouTube videos and we can do that. I use a camera. We have, you know we can make typos and I want a really cool thing. You really don't need anything like people said, take a break we'll understand and in the end, I think making more videos is kind of what made us feel like more whole that had a goal to accomplish, and now we had a you know, weird situation, that we could continue doing videos and it was like a new perspective, a new sort of angle. I, don't know the weird thing, no I know exactly what you mean. The weird thing for me is like stuff: you don't think about, like you losing every article of clothing, yeah, no clothes yeah. What about how many outfits did you have um I? Think I wore the same pair of underwear for 48 hours and at that point I was like we need to go to the store, just buy yeah so crazy to just be like okay, I need underwear like you, don't even realize that you just sit then you're, like it's been two days and I haven't changed my clothes yeah. What's the like the thing that you, you really were depressed about, losing the maybe you didn't expect, but I I think great question. You know I don't know. I would have been really sad if we had lost hard drives. We'd been keeping everything on an external hard drives, and so we saved all of that which that's good. That would have been devastating because we had videos filmed and that was like losing I mean you guys film to imagine losing a whole video. That's it I'm, not forgotten yeah, it's a terrifying experience, but you didn't lose. We didn't lose anything just its tools, I mean imagine the the like it wasn't having lost something. It was just not being able to sort of jump back into everything as instantaneously as you do everyday. Like you, wake up in the morning and I'd make breakfast every day, and now it's like I can't do that. It's like we're going to jack-in-the-box we're going to like fast food places that are still open even that stuff shut down for a couple days when, because the water pressure went low, so it's like. You have potential water seepage into the void system. So then you can't consume fresh water. For somebody to boil everything, yeah boil it was seriously. It was like you know, even Universal Studios before on the tram tour and you go through the the 747 or whatever yeah. It was like that. That's what it felt like at least, and it did look like that - to some extent crazy, well, I'm, happy that you made it out me to you seems like you made through. You know in a way stronger, yeah, I, think so, and that's kind of like I know it's weird saying that you feel it was I. Don't know, say it was a good thing, but I'm glad that we were able to come up with a sweater lining. Yeah so well, I mean you said you really saved the most important when you've got the vania I'm, not joking I. This really was high on my party, not specifically because of you, but because it was the video yeah yeah, because I mean it was. Let me try this thing on: let's, let's take this, is the shirt you're wearing a new purchase? Take this garbage as being a shirt. This trash is going in the incinerator, burn that don't call it trash. Oh yeah right! Well, yeah, oh [, __ ]! We got it sound effects. Turn it up down, get it on there. Good now like this is my this is my coronation. [Music] keep the music going damn this is spiritual! There you go it is. It is no! No! So out of hair I think the hair is actually quite a bit of volume here. Let me help you out yeah, any good you're, just being shy about it. I mean generally not, but it's mine now right, I'm keeping it like. Yes, for me, you don't want this smoke is smoke needs to be sort of better packaged -, so you're gonna control this. Let's do a gag. Keep the music on here today. Wait! Wanna! Do you want to control it either yeah? Okay? So this is the mallet. Oh, my god, it's like a living! Please don't laugh yeah and then the smoke you kind of can just like pump it up. So does the fan work now I can I can move my head around so do that to the mouth eula today? What's up today, my coronation today, I'm born? Is it moving? No, it's fixing I'm getting brain surgery. Hands-On, okay, I see what's going on here, not very subtle! Oh no! We're gonna! Today! Okay, are you ready? Yeah today is my [ __ ] touch the fan. Okay, today, okay, here we go. Is it vaping I, don't know? Is it am I doing? Okay? Here we go yeah, oh yeah. Add a nice cloud. Are you on the Cielo yeah today is my coronation before I was at be any peasant, but now I have truly ascended I'm, really bad with this. To be you want me to maybe I, should you can't read my mind, so this is the benefit. Now that'll go easy on the smoke. That's on the left, my head, a little bit. That's fine kind of smoke. I put I go up now, you're smoking. Today, lots of smoke is: what's the difference, went up and down cuz I can't sound closes the mouth, so it's open now. This is full open in the school clothes yeah. Okay, today today is my coronation. The smell, that's good. I am no longer put this work back. Beanie peasant, but I have transcended through the beep beanie god I just waiting for the flames to rough beanie God is a baby at the smoke yeah that might. My Creator has built me to emulate the we're a small chance exists that I will sit set on fire, kill. Anyone who wears me, god bless I was my mouth thing. Was it good? Okay, I think this fits I, think I did the bed. Thank you. Everyone, wrapped round of applause for the beanie gunner, god bless man. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Can I just do the rest of the show like this yeah just don't pump the smoke. I was my mouthing you're, improving, quick Eli's, my mouth ain't working, good, you're, really good at it. I was having trouble yeah. My head is definitely like all right, yeah. Well, oh yeah! It smells a little like burning I like that. All right, that was great I had a lot, so thank you very much I'll say William yeah yeah! Thank you very much for joining us. Thank you for having me everybody. Please go check out. Williams Channel, William Osmond on YouTube, right yeah. That right, that's right! Is there anything else, you'd like to promote or plug or yeah, can Michael Reaves I. Did it first Michael Reaves you already here, [ __ ] copy ass, a [ __ ]. You ever seen the laser in your eye. Guy! No, but I hate him. He oh well I mean I want to see. You should but I feel, like you shouldn't that guys, yeah by the way I want I, also want to give a shout out to William Osmonds Vin, Diesel ham, sandwich video, which I have to say the thumbnail dan. Do you have the thumbnail for that video? Look at this, probably the best thumbnail I've ever seen where a half with the sandwich I'm getting really into this. Am I doing good yeah, the half of this? That's actually a real image of Vin Diesel sandwich. He made melded into the real face of Vin, Diesel, I, hope I, would say, 50% someone he knows showing it to him. If I hold this too long to down you think it's dangerous though the smoke is definitely is gone. Yeah! Okay. We probably burn the cotton okay. Well once again, thank you so much well. I am and really appreciate you coming out here all the way down. Ventura your turn and do shenanigans. We have some shenanigans. We have shenanigans and material I'm here too, but if you guys have any an indigent idea, a hundred percent I think that we definitely will have some shenanigan ideas. Is this my yeah, it's going yeah, you don't care anything other than the smoke. That's the only fire hazard I'm holding I'm holding down the smoke. My hair is very flat. Okay, I, don't see any smoke, yeah all right, I'm, not [, __ ]. With this thing, I'll get scared anyway. Thank you, god bless. They really appreciate you coming out here. Thank you. I want it to light on fire, though fire, but I. Don't imagine that it would go some things. You just know all right. God bless man. Thank you! So I don't know how all right to transition cuz, we don't have a break. Do I need to leave now. You know yeah, sure, okay, so we've got. Let's eat, look we're moving on. We are moving on to Dee god, damn frickin Ian's beef. This was great. We by the way did you say that we just posted a video, oh yeah, by hearing the break, we just dropped a new video with items a collab. Oh, he dropped one I dropped one epic, food lab review on Ian's, channel, hide, okay, legit and, and we went shooting our weapons. I was a real old school collab yeah. It was super fun yeah. It was a blast we lit. We just posted that during the break. What a multi-talented beanie God I am. Thank you. Do you think a jewel poster? Do you just send out? No, we never use no schedule, there's not enough planning. Ever your life, video is exported yeah and it's on yes at the best, maybe well I'm gonna have the best only reason I want to post. It I think the beanies uh still me literally about to explode. Oh, is it this he's this? Why you? Oh! Oh, oh this! It's not our table! Well, I I'm new here yeah, the videos up, but at best we'll put it well like unlisted overnight, because we'll finish out like 10:00 p.m. and posting isn't really an option. That's really early at 10 p.m. yeah, w no [, __ ] video yeah. We pulling all nighters pretty well single time, yeah we used to do we used to, but I think we're trying to be healthier, I'm trying to have a life and like not do that. Excuse me it's hard alright, but we have to bring in and we have I update to end in turn. He we like we asked last week for songs about Ian the intern and we got delivered a lot of great ones. Not only that Ian has an update about the Drake Pusha T beef, and not only that but Ian somehow got invited. You look nervous in you got invited to the Kanye listening party of what you're wearing swag now. Well, we got to play the song when Ian enters all for Christ's sake. We got a 2-shot right. Is this white right now? Do you guys right yeah we're live? Do you guys mind swapping out? That's fine! This is oh yeah this this. We didn't plan that up. You guess that once Ian or William, god bless you. Everybody please check out. Williams Channel I'm gonna put a link in the description you get. Don't leave wool watch out after I'm done. If you have time we'll finish in like 15 minutes and we'll come hang out for a bit that okay yeah, please leave that. Okay! Get that throw that out the window. All right, yeah come on. Come get ridiculed all right sit. You go ahead, play yeah! So that's the original, but hit me hit me with some of that new. He and the internship. Oh you've got him. Oh [, __ ], oh [, __ ] me. You heard all these I'm just gonna, let it play. While we talk. Okay, yeah, it sounds like Joe Joe, it's nice. This is all I hear in my head. So yeah tell me about tell me about. First of all, is there any updates to Drake push a TV? How did has that been resolved? The beef? The beef has gone bad. Does that mean that it's ended or that it's gotten worse rotten beef like toss it out? It's off, there's a and are you disappointed, but that the beef has has expired? Or did you want it to stay fresh I'm? Glad that it's over cuz? It was getting dicey. Really that seeing this in what way it was getting more than rap I was getting too real yeah. This guy got involved named Jay prince, who he's the head of this record label, called rap-a-lot records and he's very intense, and he was kind of like this has to stop and if it, if it didn't, then some bad stuff might have happened. Wow you think shots would be fired, possibly well. He was doing an interview recently and he showed he was doing an interview with billboard and he showed him a text. He'd got that that morning, that said, keep push a tease name out of your mouth and it was a list of all the addresses of like his friends and family okay. So that's kind of what's a whack is Pusha T p-- brought it there and then all of a sudden he's like his camps, like don't even dare say my name and here I know where you live. Like that's kind of wack, yeah I mean it brought it there and now he's like don't respond. Well, then he told Drake he's like don't do it. Drake says he has a song ready that would end Kanye's career I doubt that Kanye can't even and Kanye's and he's been wrong. You know what that's such a good line in has a really good line, so the beef is squelched, there's years back in the world of hip-hop yeah, but surely that the surely the beef will continue in a subtle manner like these. This is deep-seated like they hated each other before that animosity is stronger and more repressed now than ever well Drake's supposed to have an album out this month. So you can bet, there's gonna, be some choice before it'll be a little little subtle, sneaky stuff going on well keep an eye, and let us know if anything, change, okay and also finally, I wanted to ask you about them. You were at Kanye's listening party yesterday yeah. How was that it was insane. It was like mine, I'm, a new person now like there's pre yesterday, life right and then my life forward dandy. You have the video of him dancing at the wheel fire. Please do not used to wear Teddy fresh hats, all the time and now look what happened completely. Throw us out I'm, very disappointed. Murch I can never take this off. Yeah I think you know. I saw a video game, your your reserve back for the most part, I'd, say I saw you giving up all your primal. You you've turned into an animal. You are primal, you early a tribesmen banging around there's this bonfire and I just saw Ian out there by himself dancing. Nobody was watching, I mean I was hoping. Some were watching. Oh I hope they admire these moves. Were you upset it Stanfill? Recording you just about you heard in your head. When you were dancing, this is horrible. Please make it stop sorry to interrupt you. What were you saying, Dan I didn't even know he was being stealthy lurking around. He actually did come over at one point afterwards and I was I was in the zone. Yeah and I could tell after like five seconds. Dan's like alright, well see ya and he turned up beyond hit where he yeah I'm, like if you're not on this level. He's got a year later. You know yeah, there's a lot of flailing arms. Oh yeah, you may be again I think anybody was noticing you think anyone's like oh [, __ ] check this photo because the crowd was very. Like oh we're cool. You know let look out yeah cuz, all like invite-only and Mariah exclusive, so they were mellow. But I was just freaking out. Oh yeah! No god bless somebody. There's got it yeah. Did you see Kanye yeah I was right. Oh, we have pictures right, Anders, they're, not they're. On my phone they're on we never got those know that one and I want to say I hope that I hope that we can get invites and we'll San Jose the culture correspondent that would be, but until then thank you so much yep, no problem baby appreciate you. You guys are crushing on the and songs Thank You, an the best one has got to be, and this dislike Joe gs1 I could just let this play all day. So you guys have more in the intern songs as you're, crushing it you weren't killing it keep sending them in to podcasts at h3h3 productions. Calm I cannot get enough of these and the intern song. So good, there's really not there's a couple other things to get to, but honestly I kind of like this tight, clean, a little episode before next month is podcast month. We've got all these crazy guests. On deck, we've got Tom Segura we've got book, we've got Chris D'elia, we've got go bo, burnham, go girl, yogurt, yogurt him go-gurt him go, get him go, get him go get him. I want to hear this again. So guys with that being said, I have a bad day update honestly, but we can talk about the days next week. We try to do. We try to write it, not impressed not impressed clickbait. You guys, I, know you're hanging on to the edge ear seed for Arbor Day updates next week. But let me just take this opportunity to say guys: I love you and cut them in is what I should have said, guys I love, y'all, so much thanks for coming for tuning in for believing in us or believing in the show for spending some time these special beautiful models together. You know we come here. Every week we sit down, we chitchat. We act like it's just jokes, but it's not it's real and I'm, meaning of all god, damn it in. We were on Bobby Lee's podcast Tiger belly last week, I highly recommend you guys go now. It was such a blast. It was like going on a double date. It was such a blast: I love, Bobby, Lee and I love all the guys. There Delilah she's sweet her Delilah Delilah kalila. It was close enough to be like hangs, close such a blast such a good time, new video on h3 with ID ups, your boy and a video on his channel and it video on his. So with that being said, I hope you all have a wonderful great, absolutely smashing weekend best freakin weekend ever me, Neil are gonna have a good time. We are out of town tomorrow for my birthday and I'm, just looking forward to seeing you guys next week. So until then, I'm wishing you a Tata for now and I do until next time. Thanks for watching everybody, [Music].