[Music] welcome everybody to the h3 podcast experience. You guys know the drill. Today's episode is sponsored by ring, equip and me undies. We have got so many great things today. I don't hear the music is the music plane. Oh yeah, oh yeah! It is great great great great great great. Today we've got such wonderful things. We've got Logan Paul, tweet of the century erased and reborn we've got Roseanne. Finally, speaking out and boy, you don't want to miss this so good. We have got other and lots of set. We've got another episode of know your meme, giving away a brand new s, 9, plus what? What would this time featuring? Everybody's favorite virgin Skippy? Actually we have a new callin number 2. That I think is really soothing. That I think everyone is gonna really enjoy. You can reach us for now and forevermore at 8:08, hot meme. That's eight! Oh eight hot meme Mme. As you all know, so that's our permanent number. Keep it handy guys. You can start ringing in now to play. Know your meme after the break featuring everyone's favorite virgin. Skippy eel is back, think God. Think the gods- she is it's a little too soon for her to hop in front of the camera, so she is and back right now she is here. She's cracking whips was in the house. She is making sure that everybody is crossing their T's and dot in their eyes back there they're all in mortal fear of Elah right now. It's true no [ __ ] around this time, but we will be having a special episode next week on Tuesday I. Think what it's just gonna be me and ela, probably just like a 30-minute little app, where we can just kind of talk, bring her back, get her back in see how she's doing and then on Thursday we've got dunkey beta game donkey and lea gonna be great with that being said, we've got so much to get to, but first, let's start with our goof of the day. Let's try and think of a name Vlasic goof of the day, I like the idea when we do these top of the weeks to start it every time, with a beautiful, great little video that we're all gonna love goof of the day. Up. First, we've got laughter yoga. This video I'm very conflicted about this video laughter yoga because well, yeah I'll just show you it's like these people. They all have these awful diseases and their method of coping with it is by manic, laughing and I. Get it like I. Think it's a cool thing, but it's like it's so eerie and strange I mean, let's just start it off right here guys here we go, god bless diagnosis and we're gonna laugh again yeah, and so you go around the room, it's very powerful. Now, if you don't and we'll do it just with a few people here just to get a flavour, if anybody has a diagnosis, they want to share and laugh about that'd be great, and if you don't, then what I've done is combine it with the haha mantra, which is you'll, say your name, and it happened recently to you that normally would really bum you out and share it with us and we'll laugh at it. So it's that whole psychology of you know turning lemons into lemonade. Okay, so you guys get it this lady. By the way. Where do you get that earring I think on face value? It sounds nice, but when you watch it, it's like I just don't buy the laughter. It's like the saddest, [ __ ] I've ever seen. So here's I'll and I always start and say here's how it looks so my name is Geeta. The one thing that throws me off that makes me feel strange about. This is like why laughing after the name, it makes it seem like they're, just clowning yeah that was about trauma, look like they'll, a comma yeah. They laugh after they say the trauma, but then like they're, like hi, my name is Ethan. It's like I feel like you getting clowned on you're gonna, see what I mean. That's that I, don't know your name for chrissake. You know what I mean it's like. Alright, something's, not right and I was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, [Laughter] [Applause] anybody else, wanna share get the idea. That's a strange! It's a strange thing. You know very strange I get it. You know, I get it. It's a nice wholesome thing! They're trying to do here, I, just I, don't know it's so eerie, there's something so off about it. You'll see it gets more obscene as they go along, but I don't get the whole very good, very good, yay, all the sudden they're in kindergarten, and that was where they lost me to be honest, yeah I kind of understand it, and but then, when the weird like cult chanting, started right, it got pretty creepy right there, yes dawn, he took a shot at. He took a shot. You know he put his hand up in class. My name is dawn. Why you got a goof, why you got a clown on poor dawn? That's so weird I. They laugh at their name. It's hard not to see you like them just laughing at their misfortune. They're, not it just I, don't see them like embrace. From my perspective, I just acquired insulin, resistant, diabetes, I, don't know. I just sounds like they're clowning on hysterical. That's the funniest [ __ ] I've heard all day, [Laughter] [Applause]! Well! Are you gonna comment for us Viki, that's the one that got me. I've got breast cancer. That's the funny [ __ ] I've heard all year. This woman's eyes really lit up on that one yeah no she's like she's, like oh [, __, ], the more tragic the more hilarious my name is Vicki and I was I, was stranded and had to eat my own son to stay alive. It's like the more tragic the more hilarious, [Laughter] [Music], yes, I, don't buy it I! Think I just don't buy it like she's got the happy face. Earrings she's got the laughter yoga she's all smiles, but there's like a real sadness. You know what I mean it's like they're, not acknowledged, I, don't know what do is healthy, no yeah! That's what I don't know. I don't know something about this seems so demented and I. Don't want to goof on these people, because you know they're trying to cope with some difficult stuff, just trying to analyze how I feel about it. Let's see, maybe the next one is just like straight up, like you know my husband, I'm Dan and I murdered. My son right and I ate his corpse very good, very good, yay [Laughter], oh I, didn't even let her like they cut, they kind of cut her off. They did like an Academy Award on her. That's like I was developed with MS 19 years ago. It's like alright [, __ ] tone it down. It's old news: it's not good. It's also like I, didn't give you permission to expand. You have MS move on to the next person, we're all [ __ ] dying here. My name is uh hi guys. My name is Ethan and my anal sphincter muscle has stopped operating and I'm perpetually [ __ ]. My pants. That's really not that tragic. Compared to what they're doing with. What's you know, let's see how we're good whoa? What was that, let me go back, got that got a huge lot. Is it just that she's over, but you need to leave, doesn't qualify for yoga laughter by the way she wasn't like. Oh I'm, overweight, I'm, morbidly, overweight, she's, like some people, think people get the [ __ ]. You know what you get a bill and you get crickets. We got breast cancer, we got MS, you know to be here all over wait shut the [, __ ] up I'm a little overweight yeah wouldn't be graved. She was just like you know what stop everyone stop laughing [ __ ] get out she just actually laughing now. She's like this, isn't laughs, yoga, I'm laughing at you. Why would you need a group council just because you're some people think you're overweight, give it up you you? You were you're in a different room. Sometimes you get scared of running out of money. You and the fat lady need to go start your own laughter, yoga, okay, what what don't worry whatever for you and everybody dude yeah chuckle at best, you don't deserve the laughs if I'm being Frank and chuckle yoga anyway, I'm not sure how to make of all this stuff. It's like I, know they're they're, desperately trying to cope with really awful and unimaginable things. But it's like it's just so eerie and strange to see these things side by side and I'm dying of breast cancer yeah anyway. I have one other goof of the day that I wanted to watch with you guys the pedo lizard. Today, it's goofs of the day today, my friend well, this the story is that this video was used to be shown to middle schoolers back in the 90s to help inform them about I guess this is one like the pedophile scare started when every random male specifically males was looking to abduct you. So this this little short here was meant to educate, define innocent young children of America and to avoiding being taken. So here, I give you the pedo hunting dinosaur, bro, I'm gonna. Tell you straight up. If there's any pedophile, it's in that [ __ ] suit! Listen to that voice! Man and I'll tell you what else there's enough space in that suit for a man and a child like he could he could be like climbing my suit young one hi there whoa damn you're about to see a show for parents and children about tricking people. Now, if you're wondering who tricky tricky people, that's a nice way to save child rapists, children, drinking drinking drinking drinking people everywhere, you look bro you're, trying to [ __, ] and also what's wrong with you like. Why, like this dinosaur character, is just so strange he's like I looking everywhere, there's rapist everywhere, it's like at a certain point. If you see them that frequently you're looking too hard, maybe you're. Looking you need to look inward like this. Dinosaurs is a real true, pedo, hair I mean really, and it kind of my name is Reginald. Charming put this show on here today. Didn't I just miss your mom. By the way, this is like the the main villain with the same Reginald, charming yes, last night, charming, it's like these guys are [ __ ], the guys who made this all right. I swear to God. You have to touch kids to dream. The [ __ ] up like you, have to have at least have a couple of children in your slavery, dungeon the dream of this yellow jazz, talking dinosaur, anti-child, rape, superhero and the name of villain mr. charming I'm. Mr. charming what the [ __ ] do they sound like Chris Rock, oh no, not the old puppies in the car routine, he's [, __, ], Reginald up - he's like citizen justice, I feel like I, don't know what they're advocating, but this guy hasn't raped any kids and you're, letting your strong-arming him against a wall. Man. Also it's like such a Chris, Rock impersonation. It's stripping me out. It's a great [, __, ], imagine being in middle school and trying to extrapolate meaning from this. This is just so insane. Is he explicitly a dinosaur? I, don't know else he could be yeah, it's [, __ ]! Weird, maybe he's you did you see since city, where they chop off the pedos balls and he turns yellow, maybe well. This is evolution. He's a yellow man, yeah he's a castrated pedophile! Oh I'm, an upstanding citizen [Music], so dude this [ __ ], so [ __ ]. So he tricks all these little girls into doing a photoshoot for him and he's in there taking photos and look at his creepy little friend like cheering him on and then at the end, which I'll show you, the dinosaur breaks into his office to get the photos. It's amazing. It was all a sting operation. The arrests of the dinosaurs well you'll see there's a twist between the lines which I'd, like you, guys to watch mutters -, there's a lot to unpack here and I'm, really not sure. What's the meaning I think the meaning is the lizards, the pet Oh everyone's, the pet Oh trust, nobody at all Wow this whole pedo hysteria is so strange, like I. Don't know that there was this crazy pedo hysteria when I was this age, but these days it's like, don't don't run, don't play outside by yourself or there's a hundred percent chance that someone's gonna rape you immediately. It's like how many immediately you're in how many rapists pedos are out there lurking I, don't know, I never got show one of these when you were growing up, though, no because I'm, not this one but I, explicitly. Remember the pedo video when I was like in elementary school, but we have the Dan cam up. We do oh great how's. It look well I'm, not on it right now. Oh have you guys seen the Dan cam. We haven't used it yet the Dan cam you're talking, but it's it's hard to explain, but if I'm just sitting here like an idiot like this and you're talking hit the Dan cam but nobody's in the Dan cam right now, oh you're, not gonna, Dan cam yeah we got Ian. Screening calls all right. North play, I'm gonna cut to Dan cam, it's just an empty room. I, never I was on the Dan Cameron. It was on a Dan. Cam I was never shown any anything like this. You know all you get is like a don't get in a car with strangers. I mean what more do you need to know? Don't take if some guys offering you candy, you know, don't let him put a finger in your ass unless it's like a full tootsie roll, definitely not for like a little Tudor. Oh that's not worth the finger than ass. If it was like a full-on like king-size, Tootsie Roll, you could basically put four fingers up my ass even today. Frankly speaking good to know, is it great why you got a Tootsie Roll a little later tonight you have a dinosaur costume. You want to roleplay [Music], oh by the way his voice changes from he goes from. He goes from what's his name, Chris Chris Rock. He goes from Chris Rock to Bruce Willis, real, quick, hey man. Did he change race, his voice changed race. I want Carmen's pictures that CD looks like a nipple. Am I right? [ __ ] got him that record on the wall. It's a [, __ ] nipple got him. What are you talking to? Oh, my god, I, don't know what Carmen told you, but there are no pictures. Give me the combination, charming figure it out. You big, stupid lizard, you think you're, so smart! Well, you can't watch them all the time. Nobody can [Music] or finish so. He takes off with the photo. So the question is: the dinosaur walked out with the photos, those that is not you. That is not admissible evidence, so the question I have is were seek along with those photos. You know what I'm saying you can't use those in court you just barge in and stolen that it was safe. So what exactly is he doing with those photos? Yeah I mean he didn't show up at the cops he's just kind of this vigilante who kicked in the door stole the child porn he's going straight home. What's that yeah? What the bug just like you know, share the [ __ ] wealth man, I [Laughter] love. How dramatic that God that, like take Kiki and get out of here, yeah man he's gonna go beat off to those photos. I've never been sure of anything more in my life. So that's a weird one that that really I don't know that threw me for a loop that video that was wild, dude, amazing man. They used to put kids in a you, know, auditorium the whole class, 500 people or whatever I, don't know and watch this I mean what I wish I had been shown that one the one I was shown was super awkward and just serious. You know what I mean right, I think that's probably a better approach was I'm, not sure I could extrapolate any meaning that avoid yellow dinosaurs. Anyway, that's the goof of the day. I hope you guys had fun with that. Give it up. Wasn't that a good time everybody? Well, we are. We have up. We have fun out here. They should podcast experience. Don't we we have a lot of fun here. Let's get on to the main stories. Logan Paul, Wow who's ever talked about him, MRIs that well there was this one tweet, I honestly couldn't let go I had to show to you guys, because it really was so insane that even even now, I read it and I was just like whoa right. He erased it. After shortly after tweeting it cuz everyone was just like wow. This isn't saying so. This is only from a couple days ago. He says and I quote board the plane flight attendant gives me the old I ball up and down hi Sox short shorts, saggy blond, hair, shaggy, saggy, tits, picture-perfect, [, __, ] boy give him my ticket first class stunned. He goes oh wow and points me to my seat. Don't judge a book by it's cover Wow Todd, what a hero there's there's a lot to actually unpack here, I feel like well. First of all, this never happened. It's just. Let's just establish this right off the bat sleepily. The only thing it's missing is everybody in the airplane standing up and applauded even a big applause. Yeah Albert Einstein gave them yeah. That, and the only thing that's missing is that flight attendant Albert Einstein, this never [, __ ] happened dude at this point, you're like 24, there's no excuse for running this [ __ ]. This is like what a twelve-year-old fantasizes about then. Second of all, he acknowledges that he dresses like a [ __ ] clown, high socks, short shorts, shaggy blond, hair, picture-perfect, [, __, ] boy picture. If you're a [, __ ], if you're gonna sit there and acknowledge that you look like an idiot and that you're a [ __ ] boy, let's just change your outfit he's. Basically, you know what he's saying is: I'm wearing all maverick [ __ ] to sell it to these kids, but I would never want to wear this because I look like a [ __, ] boy, but I. Do it like there's something in there. You know there's a weird modicum of also awareness bigger than their for sure like well, who is this flight attendant? That's never seen a rich person. Who's apparently works first-class, their flight attendant, oh wow, oh my god, your first class just imagine this person I'm! So sorry, oh, my god, oh wow, I'm! So sorry, I, judge you and then, of course, the subtle bragging about being rich and flying first-class. But what exactly? Are you asking not to judge there's, no, nothing about your character, he's saying: don't don't make a judgement if someone's rich or poor be careful who you rude to because they might be rich, the [ __ ]? What's the moral of this story, Logan he's trying to bring awareness to the rampant persecution of fuckboys in this country? That honestly, is probably the biggest social issue, he's not dealing he's not denying that he's a fuck-boy he's like I'm, a rich [, __, ] boy, and therefore you judged a book by its cover. It's like dude, basically he's saying because he's wealthy he's superior I mean that's really what's so nin here and to that I say you are [ __ ], a really a. This is really one of the worst tweets I've ever read and he always says I'm a kid and he always says thirty year old man and all that shake. He would call me a 33 year old man year. That excuse is not I mean. This is really probably the dumbest thing, I've ever read by a public personality. How long did he keep this up before he? Well, that's 30,000, like so I mean probably half a day or more. Was he getting a bunch of [ __ ] for it like what yeah I'm sure? How did he become self-aware? Suddenly that that is [ __ ] awful yeah, he was probably getting [ __ ] for it and he was he's probably trying to play it like close to the hip these days. You know mmm he's like ooh I, guess he's like I. Don't understand why people don't like this, but I'm gonna, remove it because I'm trying to keep it. You know coach, but I have to say I when I read this I said stunned. I said oh wow and then you stood up and started applauding right, and then I did judge this book by its cover. I was like we know they were right about you, dude they weren't talking about the price, the fact that you were first class. They were talking about that you're such a douchebag. They saw this. They saw him, they knew it was logan, paul and they're like oh wow, this guy's, a [, __, ] idiot and then Logan's like excuse me I'm, first class and they're, like yeah you're. Still your that's exactly what I expected you're [, __, ] idiot, it's just a Marvel I must want to frame this. You know we should what what is a picture-perfect [ __ ] boy by the way? Oh when you, when you have done that self image like somewhat aware, but it's only got a negative connotations hold on you. Don't know what a picture-perfect [ __ ] was its high socks short shorts, shaggy blond, hair right right, basically describing him laid out. He's a pimper picture: perfect [, __, ] boy, I love it I want to frame this. It's the dumbest thing, I've ever read: I mean genuinely I've, always I've reserved judgment for him and I'm. Like he's smart, like he's old he's young he's reckless he's crazy, but he's smart. No, no! The verdicts out this book has been read the covers flipped. This books read we're not judging it by the cover. Logan we've read the [ __ ] book. It's a bad book. It's a shitty book, dude, it's it's! Frankly! This book and I think you'll agree it's in the bargain bin. You can buy this book for, like $2, on sale, right, Kmart yeah, you couldn't even get it into Walmart, it's just Kmart. This is in the, but this this book is frankly on sale at Salvation Army right now for 50 cents, yeah we've read the book well, anyway. I want to talk about the press conference. He added with chaos, I and again. I. Don't want to talk about everything. Paulo Paul does, but this stuff is so good and I got to say. Well, let's take a break, we'll talk about it. When we get back, we've got the press conference to talk about. We've got BBC how to interview scheduled for him today to promote his fight with ksi that they canceled. They said it wasn't a good interview that cancelled I, love that that, and so so so much more and of course, Know Your Meme don't go anywhere guys. We will be right back. Thank you to ring for sponsoring this episode of the podcast. Let me tell you about Ring this product. It's one of these genius products that is so perfect time and place. It changed my life. Let me show you this: it's this little doorbell that goes over your existing doorbell or if you don't even have a doorbell, you can put it and it's got a battery that lasts a long time. It's got a microphone, so you can talk to who's out there. It's got a camera with a motion detector. So if someone's creeping in front of your door or it's just the mailman or pizza's here they ring they walk. It opens a feed on your phone. You can also check it any time, regardless of motion and talk to them. Leave the package knock on the door. Whatever this thing is changing the frickin game. Here you see in the bottom right, that's what it looks like you can talk, you can see them, it's so freakin, powerful and amazing. You know these guys were on Shark Tank and you know what Mark Cuban and everybody there said to him and for those reasons amount, you know what I'm out Shark Tank, because ring went on I think it's the most successful company that they all passed on there. It's like a billion dollar company now, and you know what and I was reasons amount and I say to them. Maybe I'm, relying on the switchboard a little too much but I'll tell you what I am relying on ring: okay, they're, making neighborhoods safer they're helping connect your home anywhere in the world if you're on vacation, you still see what's going on at your front door, you get the motion, you get it all, because it's on the internet telling you this thing's incredible. It's got! Hd video and two-way audio features. Changing the game. I got to tell you: I have creepy people that should come to our house. That happens, I can and it saves it to the cloud. So if some creeps come into my front door, that I don't want there, it saves to the cloud I got you sucker, I know. If I want to talk to her, that it's my mom I'm, not huh, no I'm kidding, but you could use it that way. That's rude as a listener. You have a special offer on a ring starter kit available right now with a video, doorbell and motion activated floodlight camp. The starter kit has everything you need to start building a ring of security around your home, go to ring.com, slash h3, that's a ring! Dot-Com /, h3, whoa, hello, didn't see you. There. I was just changing my life with this quip electric toothbrush. You hear that that's the pulsating of vibrating, goodness that is smack dab allotted inside this incredible toothbrush. That Oprah has literally put on our list. Let me tell you about this thing. If you're listening to the show- and you have not yet got equip then I'm not telling you enough, it's the mmm I'm obsessed with oral hygiene, okay, giant bulky, electric toothbrushes are out of the question. Those things cost $20 it's about the size of a car battery, not bringing that thing with me anywhere. This gives you the same pulsing action in this little vibrating -. On top of that, it tells you when to switch sides, because, let's be honest, you're not brushing enough. We all know we're a bunch of sloppy nasty mouth [, __ ] that don't brush our teeth enough and that's why your breath stinks and nobody wants to [ __ ], kiss you or beak within a foot of you. This is gonna change. Everything for you tells you when to switch sides. It tells you when you're done, brushing I think it's like three minutes and you know you're getting a perfect brush every frickin time with quip it's affordable. - starts at $25. If you go to get quick, comm, /, h3 right now, you'll get your first refill pack for free with a quip electric toothbrush. My friends, that's your first refill pack free we're talking about the head here, because this battery this little tube lasts a long time. This head, you flip it out every three months and you are good to go. So you get your first refill pack free at get quip, comm, /h 3, that's GE, t qu, IP, comm, /h 3, my friends, its dentist recommended Oprah loves it. What more do you need to know other than that? And let me tell you: I frickin love this toothbrush. Try write full lip in now. You've all heard me talking about me undies and if you haven't made the move to get these undies you're slacking, underwear more like funderwear and yes, you can quote me on that me undies, sushi, Oh, cereal and milk forget about it alright, but the look is kind of the least of it. It's about the comfort it's about material that is softer than cotton, more breathable and can cradle your junk like nothing on the market. Now you guys have seen me. Do the atomic wedgie test? Okay, now I defy you to find any other brand that you can comfortably pull above your tits. That's the me undies guarantee or your money back. No, that's my guarantee! Listen! It's so soft! It's so breathable! It's in my mouth from my balls! It's insane! Okay! It's sustainably sourced it's made from beechwood! Do the math on that I? Don't know how it's possible to turn a tree into this, but they're got scientists on the job right now. Trust me when you put on a pair you're gonna, get it all right now. They've got another thing check this out. I'm just fully nude at this point, if you like how me on these fields on your just underwear, imagine how it feels your whole body. You could see my junk it's like a full-on zoom on my junk. It feels great. That's the me undies pledge. Okay, forget about it! Here's the best part about my undies, it's risk-free you're like oh, it's just underwear, try it out and if you don't absolutely love it, no questions asked they're gonna, give you a refund, it's risk-free best, underwear ever so, if you're already part of the Mandy's family friends about it through the referral program and you'll, get a discount and store credit when, when still not sure well me, Andy's has a deal for my listeners. First-Time purchasers will get 15% off their first pair of me. Undies and free shipping, that's 15% off plus free shipping and a guarantee that you and your me undies will be very, very happy together. So get your butt on over to me undies and treat yourself to get 50% off your first pair free shipping and 100% satisfaction guaranteed to go to Mandy's Cobb / h3. That's me: Andy's calm, / h3 and give yourself an atomic wedgie well below you above your tits and I, and it's night. It's gonna feel good. Frankly, you're gonna want to walk around like that and that's Mandy's personal guarantee to you alrighty. We are back thanks for sticking around, so he's on first class he's going somewhere. Clearly, where is he going? I think I know where he's going, follow the lead. I've got it all tracked out the press conference, but si si si si Jesus que si sound like an old man, who's the CSI guy. Exactly so que si Logan Paul. You guys don't know about this. Boxing match I'm, not gonna lie oh I'm, gonna watch the highlights. I'm not gonna, sit here in front like what like I'm, not even interested going and I'm gonna watch the highlights I'm watching it I. Actually I think this is gonna. I think case. I will win but I'm standing by that I think it's gonna be a shitty boring match ever since I heard so they're doing two one in the UK and one back here in LA, yes, and they always arrange for it to do. - I feel like it's. It's all bogus like one is gonna win one and the other is gonna win the other I, don't think I, don't what you're you're saying that someone's gonna throw it yeah I'm going full conspiracy, man I, don't think it's legit I, don't think either of them have neither they both have such huge egos I, don't think either of them have it in them to get their ass, beat and throw I, don't see it. But if there's like a slaughter and the first one I mean I have no reason to believe it's weird dad. Well anyway, whatever let's watch this [ __ ] video, okay, good, sit here and analyze this all. It's just a bunch of [ __, ] youtubers box and like it's [, __ ], like the concept is just so stupid. They're gonna make so much money dude [Applause] anyway, watching this video I actually start to feel bad for Logan Paul. In a way he's just he gets creamed he's the heel. He just got a wrestling heel she's so embarrassing, like he just gets creamed by chaos. I then Logan's Logan's, dad of all people, come out and try to defend him. It's like dude, his dad is crunchy as [ __ ], and it's just like a total [ __ ] show it's just so embarrassing. You know what Logan's thinking he's like dude. This is my. This may well be my last chance to make money so I'm gonna endure this I wonder how much they both make him from this I want to crush some numbers right now. Let's crunch numbers, I think there's 20,000 seats, I, don't think they're gonna sell it I think maybe they'll sell, let's be generous and say they sell 10,000 seats, okay, 10,000, let's say it's a hundred on average per ticket and they get less. Let's just do revenue right, okay, they're charging, a hundred, [ __ ] dollars. Do it I could do this thing, yeah Jesus? So that's a million but then they're doing pay-per-view, and all this [ __ ] they'll have a lot of live streamers, I, don't know how many, how many pay-per-view tickets can they sell of this I? Don't know not that much 10,000 I mean I, don't know right for the online yeah he's an online thing yeah, it's an online paper merging for that - Wow they'll sell more than 10,000. Let's say it's 25 for the stream. So what do you think they sell? I mean okay, let's say 50 that seems generous, but maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it's 100 I, don't know 50,000, that's another I mean you're looking at two million, but then the the venue gets half you're down to a million split between the two I feel like this calculation can't be right, I feel like they got to be making more money from this. You know it's $14 for an online ticket. It looks like dude, they're, [, __ ], not making that much money from this he's humiliating himself for, like a hundred I mean maybe I'm out of touch a little bit. Most people are like dude I would eat. My own [ __ ] for a hundred thousand dollars and you're right, but like McGregor, like Mayweather, got paid three hundred million [ __ ] dollars or something. How much did he get for that fight? I, don't know, look it up, I'm sure it's somewhere around there like so you know in comparison, which is what they're trying to do regardless watch. This I am very curious: how much money they're they're they're you know about to make from it. If you can look that up, let me know down: yeah I, just pulled it up: 300 million from Mayweather and Conor McGregor hundred around 100 million how the [ __ ] is there that much money in a single fight, the fighters alone got 400 million dollars. What am I missing? Well. Well, okay. Well, what I'm missing is that that was like the fight of the century and probably like a million plus people bought the pay-per-view right. Yeah I mean it's two legends. You know ksi and look and Paul I mean they're legends bit of a of a different cost. I'm really cure. Don't see that many people buying the pay-per-view, because everyone's just gonna want to watch the highlights. Just don't h3h3 live reaction stream, uh-huh bootleg their bootleg they're, still like the pay-per-view that might be illegal, come at me, [ __, ] No. This stick again yeah. You already did this dad [Applause]. You know what let me just skip to the good parts, which is basically he shits on and he shits on them. I really like when his dad gets involved. That's your old man, okay! Here's when the dad gets along this is disgusting. Delusional, [Applause] disgusting. His dad is there on stage. Why is your dad there Doug you're, trying to look badass, don't bring your [ __ ] dad who makes up with little girls yeah I was about to say this is the same. Dad that I got sick he's like you know it would be badass at this press conference. My dad, don't judge a book by it's cover you [ __, ] peasant, ass stewardess. You know what's funny about Logan Paul, he probably buys his dad a coach ticket because they come here. I said like I authorized. You know Logan Falls, that kind of dude who would buy himself a first-class ticket and his dad's in coach dad you're, not you're, not a first-class [, __ ] boy. Like me, all right, listen dad! The entourage is pretty big. I'm gonna have to stick you in coach all the way back. Next to the bathroom, don't judge a book by it's cover, dude, don't you have a job? How is this his? What? How is his dad turned into his hype? Man, don't you have a job he's like my son, is really famous I'm gonna ride his coattails and kiss his many little 16 year-olds as possible. His dad is like all in, like he's Logan Paul's dad now like he walks around people like oh you're, that guy that makes up little girls on Jake Paul's Channel yeah. Anyway, you beat me in the fight. You said you beat me in the fight with one hand right you wouldn't do [ __, ], you're, an old man I mean that's just factual he's like you're an old man. It's not really even on an insult she's like you, we're not an equal fighting match. You're, an old man so yeah that is true frankly, but I'm, sure I'm sure you wouldn't mind loss of one wonderful little girl she liked kissing. This is so good he's, [, __ ] dad is getting roasted team Paul. Look. He wants to get in there. Oh yeah, oh by the way, look at Jake Paul on the top left. Looking like Elton John bro, what the [ __ ] the 80s called. You see him. No, you see him right here. Look at this look. He looks like he looks like 90 at the Roxbury zas. Looking [ __ ] hold on. Let's take it full screen. Do you not see this am I crazy, no you're, not crazy, Jake Paul's, looking like he's out for the night of the Roxbury dude. Is it? Is it viewable in the stream? No, we can't see it. It's like cuddle! Oh no! This is important yeah. What there is you can't see full screen. Where you mean it was just cropped it. Just the very cuz he's right on the edge it was just cut off ever so slightly. We see it now. Okay. Why does it look like Jake Paul is about to drop the corniest 80 single right now, blue? Damn the whole team is just that's a whole bunch of winners. What -, Jake Paul dude I can't go over. This look he's not even there he's like out in outer space he's like zoned, the [ __ ] out he's like watching cartoons in his head right now: blue tinted, glasses night at the Roxbury, ass, lookin, [, __, ], I. Think maybe he's just like reflecting on how embarrassed he is of his dad. No, his dad's as a role model, mmm, Tim, Paul, dumbass children, [, __, ] God, get him dad. My dad got you good yeah. What the [ __ ] my dad just burned! You hey Dad! You want to take care of hey Dad. You want to get the mic and take care of this hey dad. This guy ksi is talking [, __ ]. You want to take care of this. What does he do? What does his dad do? I wonder like what's his job now? Probably nothing right! No, but he's done clearly he's clearly I wonder what's his job within the organization, you know what I mean God Jake Paul is such a phony. He looks like someone who's trying to be someone else, yeah, whatever he's a commercial roofer and license real. Oh, he is I. Just looked it up according to priceless he's, he is a realtor they honestly. Frankly, all these Paul's should be Realtors. Like I was talking last episode about like why YouTube makes people famous you have no right to be these Paul brothers have a let they have a legacy and being Realtors. They should have a Realtor family business where they all just selling houses in Ohio should be on bus stops. I can see Logan appalled with a receding, hairline he's at a house. You know a couple hours for the client shows up he's cleaning, making sure it's nice yeah, there's all three of their faces on a bus stop and lo marquee yeah. Let's do some questions, don't throw anything calm down, I'll, be honest: [ __ ], you loca, [, __ ], you later [ __ ], you loco. He looks like he's about to Christina looks heartbroken right now. He looks like a broken man answer your questions. I address everything on 25th. Oh you just mike troubles yeah, he bails yeah exactly this is buttered I, think he I think dude he's not in a good place. Logan I think he's yeah anyway, we talking about he's. He's got to be so happy nah, but his dad's got his [ __ ] back yeah. His dad's got his back through thick and thin for sure and then on top of it, BBC was had an interview with Logan to promote the fight and they tweeted this out. Today we were going to hear from Logan, Paul and ksi on their boxing match tonight. After listening back to the interview, we don't feel it's right. We understand some of your strong views on Logan, but ultimately we don't. If we don't think the interview is good enough. We don't air it. They thought the interview they're like it's, not about that. You guys don't like Logan. It's about that. The interview sucked that this guy had nothing interesting to say, and so we didn't air it like. This is the best burn ever the like. We acknowledge that we all hate him and that's not why we aired it. We aired it because it sucked dick [ __ ] pretty brutal and he would be a killer realtor though you could probably yeah he would be killer. Realtor I buy a trailer park for me. Alright, well guys, it's about that time, for an episode of I got its knees, Oh God, alright, an episode uh, not an episode of know. Your me. That's right. Everybody welcome to another episode of know your meme. Today's episode is about your favorite virgin Skippy, the virgin. We have got callers lined up to play so with that being said, let's take a call from our very first player we have got, which was the one you liked in it was I, don't see her anymore. It was Rachel, did Rachel bounce Rachel damn and help me quick, all right, I'm, just gonna take one we bet he's got. He said he put it in priority order. Okay, let's do this Nick you are on the air. Are you ready to play? Know Your, Meme, all right, I dropped that that was not a good quality call. And frankly, this is no time for playing around okay I'm building that next up we've got Sarah Sara, it's an eyebrow! You are on the air. Are you ready to play? Know Your Meme I am most ready, o most ready. Okay I, like the sound of that Sara. How are you I am very good. You're, very calm I like that about you, you got your [ __ ]. Together, you got your game face on where you from I am from Wisconsin. Oh no people yeah it's cheese right! That's the whole thing. Do you like you know, cheese, I, love, cheese, uh, excellent, eat, very good, very good round of applause. She likes cheese, very good. She likes cheese, Sarah, loves cheese, okay right, like I, know you already! So are you playing the answers because I don't have them on my computer I, have the answers or cued up ready to go? Okay, first question: who is Skippy's celebrity crush? Is it a Emma Watson be Oprah Winfrey or see going old-school, Gwyneth, Paltrow, A or C I would say he if he seems like a classy man yeah, it's a good guess. She's, a business, lady she's, industrious she's got a lot going on Dan. Is it C my celebrity crush number one I think that Oprah is one of the most amazing people on the planet and like meet time and spend time with any celebrity. It would be Oprah I want to be around Oprah Wow. He wants to be around Oprah Wow I have to say that one was a little unexpected Skippy wants to bang Oprah. That surprises me frankly. Would it be my first choice either, but very good guess, but don't worry, you have four more questions still to sell. Let's move it on to question two: how are you feeling are you ready? Are you prepared I mean yeah I'm, pretty prepared, I, think you're wait you're almost too calm, but that's okay. Okay, how many girls has Skippy kissed zero, a beef 9 mm or C 49 guitar I'm gonna go with thee, Wow, no hesitation. What what? What makes you think that I'm 49 I know he's gotten to a second 1/2 base really couple of times: geez she's and she watches Skippy. I love it yeah. Okay, guys I feel like that's a really easy thing for me to remember. It's 49, [Applause], I gotta say that shocked me. When I heard he had kissed 14 others I was like damn. Skippy was [ __ ] like crazy, like. If he wasn't a warming, he would be like probably have STDs it's dill, Mary mm-hmm. Would you kiss Skippy uh I would give that a soft. Maybe you give him a peck yeah. You give him a soft. What does that mean like a soft kiss uh? It would be like I feel sorry for you a little bit. We can't make it to the next stage. No sorry he's your consolation prize. Do you? Are you attracted to men who picked belly button lint out of their stomach and keep it in a jar by their bed? No I would have to say, probably not well I find that a little bit judgmental Sarah, but but you are your own person and I. Don't judge you you've got one point on the board. Okay, so actually, here we go question number three: what's the furthest bass Skippy has gotten to a [Music] second and a half, in other words, he's fingered girls. When he's got his dick touched, it third base oral or first base, which is you know, just a peck. You seem to know a lot about: okay describing the bases yeah, the bases you know, I, think it's I, think it's a you sound, confident, no hesitation, nope, veera hesitation, looking around the Skippy knowledge man, wow you're, good, well, I, like to I like when the music gets tense, I feel like you're, not giving me a chimp like you know you gotta, let the tension build you're too confident, you're too quick. Oh okay, I'll wait for the next one. No, but you could be yourself, but also don't be yourself to make the show better Dan. The answer is there: is the furthest they're gone? Let's just put this way. I was going between second and third, but I ended up getting tagged out by the shortstop I've been clutched and had such but haven't quite gotten. The fifth we're mouths on body. Part yeah, I, have to say your knowledge of Skippy. You got a girl. You've got two points on the board. I may give it up. Man is the second. You must say that yeah you knew right away. I may or may not have brushed up on my Skippy knowledge. You're, an advanced player I, definitely tip my beanie to you now he said he's got a second and a half base. If you had to imagine what do you think that would necessarily mean uh like his dick got a little bit wet but not crazy way. A little wet like a little kiss like a little kiss interesting a little bit kiss here. Can I do I can I? Do there's got to be a sound effect for that [Applause], yeah, I'm, Megan you're right, probably got it a little bit wet and to that I said once again say: Skippy you're really surprising me. If it wasn't for this Mormon thing, he would just be [ __ ], like crazy, he's, crushing it honestly I, know I love the image of him being stopped between bases like he got. He got tagged out. He was in he's happening. Probably came downstairs, yeah that might be actually accurate. What happened? I'm gonna, give you a laugh all right tension, this one's for all the tamales, oh man, what's the most trouble skips trouble? Skippy has ever gotten with his bishop. We've taught heard him talk about his bishop. This is the man at his church who passes judgment on him, he's basically the gatekeeper to the afterlife great right. So a he got in trouble for all the Handy's he's been getting as we as we've called it rounding the third base, but being struck out for masturbating too much or see getting drunk, which is strictly against the Mormon faith. Mm-Hmm Sarah. What is your think, deeply enter the mind of the Mormon, enter the mind of the virgin. I would say it's probably masturbating too much masturbating too much a very violent, very, very good guess. I would guess the he masturbates at least seven times a day at least dan. Is it a stir among gone to second base with multiple girls, I thought, if we're using the baseball analogy, I got sidelined by my bishop and was told not to take the communion for a while, so in the Mormon Church they call it being dissed fellowship disfellowshipped a sadly, you had a great great guess. You had a great guess. He probably does masturbate a lot and to that I'll give you all the credit that I can, but it was actually from all the Handy's he was getting and he got disfellowshipped, which is a word that makes me giggle I love it, but this is okay. This last question everything rides on this question to to to the Sarat we are on the board to to to the tense music is on now Sarah. What kind of phone are using? Currently I am using a Google pixel that has a very cracked screen. Oh so this is this. Is this big? Let me tell you what's on the line here? Okay, this is a brand-new s, 9 Plus! This is the best phone on the market. There's no question about it and let me tell you what else what else it has my DNA on it? Oh, don't clone! Okay! Here we go the question to decide it all. What what kind of collection did Skippy give us to auction for charity? Was it a toenail, clippings, B, eyelashes or C bellybutton lint? It was definitely see and smelled like your grandmother's closet, sir, and one of the cooler things dad I was I was drawing it up, I didn't say: go I played it early dan you're, the drummel. You play it one bit of the symbol when you hear this describe it, I did don't get technical, you know what I mean that doesn't mean play I'm, just telling you when I hit that all right yeah. What is the answer? One of the coolest things that ever happened in my entire life was when my belly button, lint collection of almost 20 years, was given to h3h3. What's the greatest greatest fall on the market, how are you feeling right now? I am so excited, oh I'm, happy to do that. Would you ever think that you want to think I'd like to thank my baby girl for keeping during this entire process? Oh god bless you. God bless her. What a sweet angel, Oh Dan told me, kill the music I. Guess that wasn't that really that great Sara you're the greatest you know what a new phone stay on the line we're gonna hook you out, I, don't know! Thank you for calling in and God look good yeah I! Think you appreciate you all right! Papa bless! Papa bless! Do I need to mute her something down. Yeah just put her uh! Don't don't take this! Don't take this personally Sara but I get it. You muted, shut up Dan! You got it I'm, Joe, I'm, doing drama out here. I know I'm milky I'm doing drama. You can't just be you can't willy nilly just plays sound bites whenever you want unbelievable on you hear this. That's drama I didn't hit the Signet, the simple where the money went for hurricane relief, I hear the simple I play: I'm not kidding dude anyway, that was fun. That was a good time. Sarah was a great collar. There was a great I love. This I love this segment. It's so much fun got my DNA on it. Send an e in to get her info. I was great, I know so much fun. Who should we do next? I wonder so we actually, this show is: let's just do the Roseanne I mean I've got a lot of great stuff here, but I kind of want to go over it with with ela. One thing in particular, I really want to talk about is that we tell previously that meaning either trying to have kids so I want to do a semen analysis and I was it was the room was unbelievable? Where you go in there and squirt in a cup, I was taking pictures and videos of this room because it's like you can't imagine what's going on in there, but I want to wait. Till eel is sitting across from me, so she can you. You need to see her reaction to this. So there's a lot of stuff I want to talk about, but I want to close up the show with Roseanne. You guys have heard about Roseanne the situation of her calling I. Don't remember this lady. She said she looked like a monkey sure show got cancelled, so she's finally issued an explanation. She's finally issued a statement, an apology of sorts. That I think clears everything up and I. Think you guys will all agree. So in her own words, is it loud enough out there Dan I, don't want to hear ya, know what it's fine, because only she's miked everybody else is just getting ambience. So once she starts talking on sound fine I get frustrated with Dan. We have sound issues and I yell at Dan. You guys have any sound issues with the unbalanced or itchy at weird [, __, ], email, Dan and give him give him. He'll sounds good. We don't have chat anymore, so we don't even know for [ __ ] up anymore by the way this figure ain't in another video. She explains that this is a statue of her body, Oh, maybe Skippy's into that. Maybe maybe DeRozan would be that kind of surprised me that Skippy wants to [ __ ] Oprah, there's mine out too figurine with your mouse I just took it fullscreen right here, yeah there she is. Does it surprise you that Skippy wants to [ __ ] Oprah I mean that's kind of cool he's like damn it? You don't want to [ __ ]. You know who owned around third base on Oprah I, wonder what was very surprised when he said that what base is ass play because that that's the dugout the metaphor, kinda breaks down cuz it's like ass play is almost more advanced than a home run in a way and in most circles anyway, no way yeah someone if Skippy's ever fingered an [, __ ]. Why do I hear talking in the background? Oh, is that Ian that must be in through your mic. Alright, look at Sarah's info, okay, alright! Well, anyway, as a digression in her own words, here's Roseanne explaining hello, hello, hello, hello, okay, oh and you said I'm in three outfits. There's the problem like imagine, are you filming? Yes, imagine a presidential address like you're busted, with the killing a hooker like whatever. What just no hear me out and they say tonight, the president's gonna give his address and they and then the camera fades out and it's [ __ ], the president on his desk in the Oval Office and he's like I, did not have sex with that hooker right. Imagine in his statement and save his job. There were jump, cuts, multiple outfits difference, I'm trying to talk about anyone, I'm trying to talk about Valerie Jarrett rub the ear on yeah. You've told me this 300. Do you know that if that's what my tweet was about? I know, you've explained this literally I thought the bench was wide. I thought the [ __ ] was wide, so that clears it up so there's flex. So there's a lot of interesting things here about this view. First of all, this is on her. This is on her official YouTube channel. This was uploaded by her her directly onto the road anyway, it's this is probably my favorite clip to come out of this whole, possibly a year 2018. This might be the strongest clip of the whole year Rosanna. What do you have to say in your defense, his job? There were jump cuts. Yeah, you've told me this 300 times. Do you know what is wrong with her she's like I, don't think she's on drugs, but, like my god, she's like breaking down I was like Christ. She doesn't look good. This was posted this this previous week right. This is very recent. You think it was recorded recently or was this right after the incident. This is recent. Maybe this is this is after some thoughtful after some, but like the question is well here after some after I love this, this is so good. After some careful consideration and some thoughtful reflection, Rosanna has decided to issue a statement on her controversial tweet. That's what my tweet was about. I know. You've explained this literally no I've got an interesting question for you. Do you think this? In a way? Does this help her? No okay? Why almost I'm more inclined to believe her because she's like she's, very passionate, she's, very passionate about it? I'm I'm somewhat inclined to believe that that it wasn't necessarily coming from a place of racism. Stuff of that statement. That's a strong statement. However. I'm also inclined to believe that she's, a [ __ ] psycho. What makes you think that what makes you say? Well, Dan I, don't know just something something something about well. If she goes about it all right anyway, guys um, you know, I just thought that there's really a lot of value here. I thought this was a great clip and I thought. Well, and let me let me draft this in another way: [Music] [Music], [Music], [Applause] and, for those reasons, amount I, don't I've been waiting to do that for a long time. I got this sound boy. Here's I have another one, the angels in heaven, this one's, better, [Music], I. Think the curb wants better I love. This sound board I feel like I, feel like a DJ for the first time, I live, but here actually this is funny. This is like right when they start rolling. That was like her off-the-cuff thing. Have you ever seen someone famous so unhinged in your life? It was so fascinating about it. It's crazy to see anybody that unhinged, but it does kind of give you an insight to how how [, __ ] up she is kind of in a way it's like whoa. Probably shouldn't have been working on that show to begin with. You know if that's where you're at mentally, you know I'm saying, but so then take two. She gets her [ __ ] together by the way whether they put that on our official channel man, I just love that so much so this is her actual. You know real statement on that bar and I'd like to welcome you to my own studio, -, my fellow and sister Americans, without the filter of the biased media. This is my statement from the very beginning and it will continue to be ever when ABC called and asked me to explain my egregious and unforgivable tweet, I told them I thought. Valerie Jarrett was white and I'm willing to go on the view, Jimmy, Kimmel or whatever other show. You want me to go on my audience now in the judge. What happened was about 40 minutes after that? My show was cancelled before even one advertiser pulled out and I was labeled, a racist. Why you ask well, the answer is simple: it's because I'm and that is not allowed in Hollywood, pretty shitty. Well, okay, so ma'am! Well! First of all, it wasn't the whole premise of the show that she was like a trump voter and, like so clearly, obviously not that I think in a way they gave you the show, because you were a trump supporter because they thought it was interesting, dynamic right. So that doesn't make sense, although I do actually do believe that she thought she was white because I've seen a picture and the lady doesn't she, my first guess wouldn't be black and I mean if you can elicit this response. That's, but at any rate, she's I, don't know. If, let's say, let's say if she did think she was white, then is the tweet like how bad is the tweet? Still you know what I mean yeah I mean. Obviously it doesn't have the whole connotation of calling a black person a monkey that everyone thought it did. So it's not as but like the context, does help, but it's still she's unhinged. She was probably on thin ice already. He had the executives at ABC because she just non-stop was ranting on Twitter about all kinds of games, and can you imagine working with that? I mean I'm, sure that's isolated incident, yeah I! Actually, when I think what happened like you said, it's probably that they were like all right like enough. This is not yeah this. This is not gonna get better but see I mean just to kind of line that up in a way. How do you here's a clip again? This is all on her personal YouTube channel, which is so fascinating to me, but um. Here's here's a little soundbite. They uploaded right before they started shooting the first season of her new dude you're, so [ __ ] tired. How did you do this for 10 years? Are you [ __ ] me I lost my [ __ ], mind I lost my marriage. I had to lock my [ __ ] kids up I marriage, a dipwad and that [ __ ] half and one bro that [ __ ]. Do you think that's like the hospital is for four different nervous breakdowns? That's how I did it thanks for asking it's pretty wild man she's a [, __ ] character. You know what Rosanna she's such a character. I, don't know if I don't know it's so hard to say you know with uh, sorry to say, but either way we've got this wonderful sound bite that I think will truly live in infamy I. Don't see this going anywhere off my soundboard for a long, so good um, like I, said: let's see what else we've got here. We've got our we've got all this stuff. We've got some great [, __, ], I'm gonna save this though we've got the news. We should just hit the news, get the news, but before we do hit the news, we're gonna bring back the news by the way, but before we do [Music], maybe it's just me having fun. There's a possibility that there's thousands of people watching right now and saying please stop [ __ ] doing I'm. Having a great time, though, alright then give us the news: alright hit them with the stinger. Alright, let's do the news, everybody! You got to flip your TVs other input by the way, so you can follow along right right. Alright, so top story today come in to us from CNBC here, I'm sure a lot of people heard about this Facebook and it work PC or is it HTML? No HDMI -, yeah, yeah, yeah, hello, it's [, __ ], oh my god! There you go a-all right, so yeah top story. We got Facebook loses a hundred billion dollars plus in market cap this past week. Their shares plunged on Thursday I guess it was Wednesday after hours by 20%, which it was in response to them, announcing that they're they're gonna up their spending on privacy concerns and fighting fake news on the platform and people were like [ __ ] that I want that Russian money right and I guess it basically is more so about they're gonna be spending a ton of money to do this, and that kind of, coupled with the fact that I guess their user growth has really slowed down. Surprise, surprise: Facebook, [, __, ] sucks. Nobody wants to sign up anymore, and so it's just kind of created. This perfect storm, where yeah in a single night hundred billion dollars, disappeared off the market, single biggest loss for a cup, a single biggest lover and just to give some perspective number two I looked this up as on September 22nd the year 2000 intel lost ninety billion so about 18 years. That was, you know the dot-com crash that happened at the end of the 90s. Well sort of result. What I'd like to say is suck my dick Facebook [ __ ], you Mark Zuckerberg [, __ ], you Facebook I cannot wait for Facebook to become the next myspace I've said this all the time, but I hate everything about Facebook and I'm, so [ __ ] glad by the way, I read a report. They like their earnings from them, stealing content from where everywhere else on the internet, like the earnings, aren't good and the engagement isn't good and all I have to say is and for those reasons, I'm out, [, __ ] you Facebook I, am so glad to see that website die. Well, maybe don't get too excited yet because apparently they were up 20% this year, so they're, basically just back to where they were a few months ago. Well, let's see it let's, let's wash this baby slide yeah we'll see what happens what else you got in the news: Dan, alright! So next up Papa John, oh no Papa John! We talked about this a couple weeks ago or last week and not not having a great month I'm having a great July Papa John. The man is now suing Papa John the company- oh no he's going after I'm John Shatner, Civil War, it's the Civil War, it's the Pizza wars and no, the Pizza wars are upon us. When Papa John fights Papa John, you know who wins nobody little seizures. Oh yeah, you're right, you're right! Oh I, love! This description, Shatner has admitted tis. He said the n-word on a conference call with a marketing firm Shatner claimed the firm asked. If he was racist, listen are you racist? Then he used the n-word in scribing house. Kfc's Colonel Sanders used to talk. Shatner has since also said they told the firm that he himself wouldn't ever use that word after having used the word right, which is kind of the confusing part of this whole thing is he's like acknowledging that he said it, but also denying that he said it in this wall. He did I've always when I, when I saw that headline and then I read the article I was like well again. I do think there needs to be just like I haven't we all [, __ ] kind of lost our minds a little bit I mean he shouldn't have said it. That's for sure. If a marketing company asks are you racist, don't drop, the n-bomb does show how not racist you are just basically what it did but like he didn't like use the he didn't weaponize the word he didn't use the word he was talking about the word right. You know what I mean like the headline like some thought, the draw drops to N bond the conference call and you're like wool like he was just like called someone n-word or someone not exactly what happened, but I mean you know. Papa John he's sliding that guy spent. He spent way too much time close to a pizza oven. His face is like melting off like that mozzarella cheese is like it's in the pores. It's man that pizza is ready to. You can tree bake that pizza. That Beach has been baked too many times so yeah. So he's going after them saying that you know he was unfairly forced out as the head and I guess, he's I thought he was out completely I guess it was just that he was forced out as the chairman. He still owns 29% of the company. Well, he was on the board of directors and then they bid and right and so he's still got his his claws in it a little bit but they're they're, trying real hard to get rid of I love is Papa. John he's the man, Papa Bo needs to step up and usurped power. You got that meme I saw this meme and I really think they all yeah. This kind of says it all. You can't trust anybody even yourself. What happens when Papa John tries to execute Papa John's? Ah, stop provoking really man what's next, some deep stuff, all right. Let's see what is next, oh, this is really cool. So this week a team of Italian researchers announced that, after analyzing some data for the last two years, they are saying, with a high degree of confidence that they have discovered a lake of water on Mars. It is under the southern polar cap and I guess this is very similar. The reason they knew to look for this specific thing is: there's these kind of lakes in an archives here on earth in a very similar fashion, and so they were using there's this european space mission called the Mars Express orbiter that was able to use ground-penetrating radar and they detected what looked like a lake, but they weren't sure, but again after analyzing this for the last two years, they with a high degree of confidence are able to say this is a Wow 20, kilometer wide lake sitting an hour and a half under the ice cap. Any estimate when we can get anything up there to do some digging. Yes, I mean that's the problem. It's it's that still a ways off just because of the weight of all the equipment you would need and you need a drill that can go almost a mile straight. That's gonna be so thrilling who can cut into that ice like if they find like there's two options or there's three options. Really one option is that they find life that is identical and DNA to ours, which could mean that life originated on Mars right and then like a meteor impact or something sperm did onto earth, and then the second option is that it's different completely different. The third options: there's nothing there they're all fascinating in their own right. The craziest one for me would be like if it's completely a different origin of life sure, but if you do find life I feel like the most likely would be that it's the same, DNA I feel like yeah and I. Think you're right, though, that if it were completely different from life on earth that that robably the coolest thing, because that just says okay, so it developed completely independently on two planets in the solar system. That means it's everywhere. Also how much like hot look to see. Another alien life-form that has a completely different building blocks would be I'm the discovery of the life I can I cannot wait for that. That's so cool god bless really awesome, really awesome stuff, so good job, good job, Italy, Italy great killing it over there. Next up so I, don't know if everybody I'm sure everybody's heard about this, so James Gunn got fired from the guardians of the galaxy three, because some old tweets got dug up from about ten years ago of him making some you know pretty pretty distasteful. What was what was the joke or you have, if you have an example, so I have one example and in the words of the article this is from Entertainment Weekly. This was one of the only ones they could reprint. So I can only imagine the rest were pretty bad too. This one was laughter is the best medicine. That's why I laugh at people with AIDS who [ __ ] cares. That's not that you know seriously yeah yeah now they did say this again. This is potentially one of the least I'm, the worst ones yeah and find find the worst one. They've all been they've all been scrubbed. Yes, come on they're out they're on they I'm sure they're out there they're out there Ian fine I. Let's, let's see you know, that's not bad. Let's see what yeah I mean. That's that's not the worst, but here's. The whole Ian are you looking in switching the the computer he's in the hot seat right you look, you can find them I'm googling. It was on it, okay. So basically, what this all is is you know, James Gunn, he's pretty outspoken critic of Trump and some this right-wing group that didn't like that. He was talking all the [ __ ] decided to kind of troll through all of his old tweets and everything and yeah I mean I, guess James Gunn has been on Twitter forever, and so there was thousands and thousands of these things and James Gunn. If anybody knows anything about James Gunn, he he's an edgy dude, like that everything before doing the guardians of the galaxy movies, that he's ever done was pretty wrong. So what's the what's the headline? Well, so the headline is: there's a campaign to get him to get him rehired. It was [ __ ] that they fired him and- and you know the fans they they love the Guardians movies. They think he's done a good job, they don't care and they want him back and, as of yesterday, three hundred thousand signatures in a matter of I think two or three days so Disney ela found uh, oh yeah. Let's here give me more give me the most because that that wouldn't have got him fired. Alright, so here's an I'll Ike when little boys touch me in my silly place. Another that's pretty cranky I mean that's the thing. None of these are even really the sex. It's it's really not funny at all. The best thing about being raped is when you're done being raped and it's like whew. This feels great, not being raped. Can you imagine tweeting that yeah, it's like so embarrassing? Well and he's embarrassed I mean he said like I was an idiot. I was just trying to be edgy I'm, not this person anymore, ten years. Think back ten years ago. How much like of a person you can change. I mean the weird thing is like Disney hired this guy, who has a reputation and now all the sudden they're shocked. What's James gone this whole thing of firing. Someone for a tweet they made ten years ago, so obscene and I and I think Disney now is probably like. Maybe we were may I, don't know if they're regretting it but I, don't think I, don't think a trillion signatures will ever make Disney eat its hat. They'll, never change their minds. No and that's yeah I. Doubt it too, even if they got triple those things. What else you have any other tweets I actually enjoy. There's a there's, a bunch here what else he says so others at maids teracle comments about 9/11 aids. The Holocaust described a monkey masturbating on a young child and whose contrary that made him extremely happy right me. It's wait. It looks like those were the only ones that they tweeted something kind of some more examples of the type of thing. But again, that's that's. What Disney will not rehire him, because you know this is Disney and they do that right. But why did they hire them? In the first place, then everybody like? Did they not know who he was? Companies are such [ __, ], [, __ ]. These days, like like the minute they sniff controversy, yeah, it's like everybody, shut the [, __ ] door. You know what I mean no saying, listen, listen! This goes out to every company out there. That's thinking about firing, someone because they did something offensive. Let me come on she's white, technically the same company. She got fired by ABC, which is Disney, didn't tell it's everything yeah, it's isn't Disney owns like the butt plug that you see and they have a butt plug brand. Do that yeah they own everything. I, don't know what you said about plug, but, like I, don't know they own Disney owns everything. Didn't they just buy out a huge company, well they're buying Fox they're. Trying to- and it looks like it's happening. There was a little bit of a back-and-forth. They were in a bidding war, but they're they're gonna win Disney Disney when they own every company in America. That's when that's when fascism will be here, cuz you're not gonna, be able to make any jokes at all and then youyou like is you weren't gonna factory, all the sudden they own, like fulfillment factories, and you can't joke about the Holocaust anymore? Suddenly, oh six million shut it down. You know what I'm saying yeah I do for the record. Think those numbers are accurate or you know no Holocaust, but I will say that 9/11 is highly suspicious. Oh yeah, and let me tell you: there's nothing: I love more than monkeys jerk. That wants a weird one that he would tweet. Ah I like monkeys, jerking on kids, that's a [, __, ], weird image, dog yep I, don't mind! You know, let's move on so next up next up uh! This is an article from enemy. I thought. This was interesting and I mean it's a British entertainment magazine. There are seven Robin, Hood movies, Russell, Crowe, Robin, Hood movie. Well, know that already got made. That's the UH, yeah Ridley, Scott I. Believe oh, is that a good movie, no okay, by the way you haven't heard of it? It's not good. At all, that's a shame! So that's an older one, but yet they are in this era of reboots and relaunches and restarts and all the Riesz you said: seven: did they not get the memo that, like everyone else, was making Robin Hood movie yeah, that's a good question: I mean they all have kind of their own. Take on it to be fair, but does anybody even give a [ __ ] about Robin Hood like I like Robin Hood? Excuse me, Dan, okay, I, like Robin Hood you're the target audience. Well, guess what there cannot be thrilled to hear I'm gonna be busy. This fall so just to quickly just rattle them off. We've got a movie called Robin, Hood origins or it was called Robin, Hood origins. It's since been I, don't know, I got a Robin I'm gonna, stop I, don't need seven Robin! Okay, all right, fair enough! Look them up yourself! Everybody! If you're, if you're curious, I, sensed I sense this yeah! That's a lot of Robin! It's a lot of Robin yeah. To be fair! That's a lot of Robin Hood! Alright! Next story! This was actually like two weeks ago. This is too good. We we had to had to do it. I had to do it to him. Oh there's a flight in China that lost pressure and dropped 20,000 feet because the pilots were vaping in the cockpit. How does that happen? How's? What's the correlation, so they were vaping and it got so full or hotboxing, though they were hotboxing, the cockpit Wow, yes yeah and it got, and basically they didn't want the vapor to escape into the passenger cabin and give away the fact that they were doing this. So the copilot tried to flip a switch that would keep the air from cycling into the rest of the cabin and hit the wrong button which depressurized the cabin was there. Why is there a button to depressurize the cabin mid-flight anyway? That seems like a little danger. That's a good question. I mean maybe there's some preventative thing that they need to do that, occasionally for but but yeah I guess it was right next to the other switch, and it was so so much [, __ ], dank babe smoke in there that they hit the wrong button and just had to kind of barrel down all the oxygen masks, dropped and yeah. So maybe nation, the air over in China, were they executed when they learned in China I mean it is China. So let's just say that nobody's heard from her hi babe nature's I hope, wherever you are you're vaping in heaven now what everyone's? Okay? God bless. How is our last? This is actually the last story. Here. A Colombian drug dog has been moved into witness protection for lack of a better turn after a gang in Colombia put a hit on this dog. The dog named Sombra, which means shadow in English OH, which sniffed out a record amount of drugs in her career, has been forced to be moved to ensure her safety she's. This dog is smoked, smoked, had sniffed out 5.3 tonnes of cocaine to that dogs, [ __ ]. Awesome yeah there, although it says here the hit, is only 70,000, they're, gonna I think feel like yeah, which is by the way 200 million Colombian pesos yeah. You were stalking. It cause like a million pesos for like low for bread, well yeah and just to put in some perspective in 2012. There was a whole incident where the gang had put out a hits on police officers offering $500 whoa. So so by comparison, this dog is the dog. Plumpie are murdering people for five police for five hundred dollars. Well, well, the article about it says that they found leaflets signed by the game offering $500 I, don't know if anybody actually took them up. It's like a broke-ass gang bible. You're broke because of this dog [ __ ] busting all their coke. So that's sad as hell. That's come on guys. It's a [, __ ] dog! You can kill people, you can kill, helpless civilians, but spare the dog leave the dogs out of it. People come on alright. So there is this. This is Sombra a little hero right here. I hope, I pray for him. Hmm, so that's it! That's it! That's the news, that's that's the Horde! That's everything guys! That's everything! That's out there yeah! Oh, no! There's a couple things I want to do. First before we go out, first of all where the [ __ ] did I want to bring Ian out. I, don't remember! Oh oh yeah I wanted to make n smell the belly button. Lint feel like I missed the train though, but it is Dan's birthday. Recently we wanted to honor Dan for his birthday dan. Would you come join us here for a minute and I told him I wish I could bring hangout to, but would have enough people here and I'm gonna make it I want to make you sniff this? It's a it's a rite of passage that everyone in this crew needs to abide by so Dan. It is your birthday. You do mean a lot to us here at the HP podcast. Thank you we want to. We really want to honor honor that that day. Well, what's your age, 31, 31, yeah, big one right! Well, here you go dude! Please do enjoy read it. You can open it now, yeah open it. Of course, good today you are a Bar Mitzvah hold this up, as we can see it all so handsome fun good-natured. Oh this whole we're going on a journey. Yes, sir, it's work, okay, kind, smart and caring, yep you're a mensch and a blessing in so many ways. What more could any family asked for so proud of? You dan would leave what did you get? Mazel, Tov and lots of love and a gift card. The Hot Topic everybody how much for holy, [, __, ], 15 bucks bare minimum. That's any amount between 15 and 500 I want you to spend that and I want to know what you buy. There are still hot topics: yeah they're out there, actually that we did, it wit, listen. We are very generous here at the HD podcasts. We did get you this. Oh there's a consolation, but the real gift is the hot topic. I appreciate that no. This is a kind of garbage honestly yeah, throw that all about the hot topic, but I do want you to go to hot topic and report back and what you were able to buy for 15 or 15 bucks. No, it's gonna happen. You're gonna end up going there and spending cuz. You can't buy anything for 50 bucks kind of cursing. You cursing me - you're gonna. Next time you see me: I'm gonna have a bunch of invader, zim shirts, congratulations! [Music]! Coming here! You guys switch, really fast, happy birthday, dude we're doing that button! I did give him a real gift. You guys thanks to that, but it's uh, oh god. What I sniffed that in coming here and finally guys to close out the show next week. Remember: Tuesday ela returns episode, Thursday, dunkey and Lia episode. We've got a lot on deck in this is a big moment for you talk about a Bar Mitzvah. This is when you become a man. This is when you become initiated and to our little clan here. So in are you ready to give? This is Skippy's belly button? Lint collection stay awake during the meeting pills. What the [ __ ] has he been eating. I was looking at that too. It's 1 to 2 for regular meetings, 2 to 4 forward conferences, 8 to 10 for dry high council night, the [ __ ]. Are they feeding him? What the [ __ ] this is like: Mormon, medicine I think it's candy cuz. It says $1 79 cents. Well, that's a little strange I have to say regardless Ian go ahead and have to really I. Don't know you don't have to do anything you don't want to in, but now I kind of weirdly want to cuz. If you want up, you want to be one of us, I guess so yeah, I guess I'll do it. I guess I'll smell it. Okay, give it a strong with wow that was a strong one. It's got a oaky describe oke Oke. Maybe I'm detecting pomegranate right. No, it smells like an old mattress like a really old mat like like you as you're, walking down the street, and I say that, and you see it on the side of the road to me. It's so much worse than that, like there's such a must it's on leave of worse than the street managers bro, it's like a it's like a street mattress black hole like if it was consolidated until like a marble all of its smell. They, like compress, there's like little pubic hairs in it. Oh that's great! Well, I'll tell you what we're gonna wrap this and [ __ ] blaze it someday and I want you to be the first one to hit it. I don't and I was doing. Maybe it's a regenerative thing, maybe stuff how like foreskin yeah you want to try it. You want to eat something: I! Don't want to eat! Idea! Love you in here we love dan, the birthday boy, shoutout to ela, who's, back, shut off to Sarah, who played valiantly and won and, of course, the real MVP whom we all love and, of course, the pret. The inheritor bows in the house, Papa John's out bow is it doesn't have fuzz in the house with that being said, guys, thank you so much for watching. We will see you on Tuesday, Thursday, I hope you guys have a great great weekend and I wish you all the very, very best [Music] you can cut it down. You can look in the back, [Applause] [Music], [Applause].