Welcome everybody to another episode of the h3 podcast a lie. What up today's episode is sponsored by the elderscrolls legends, quip and Teddy fresh, oh wow, but that's us! That's us! My friends! We have for you today planned a cringe, miss miracle and by miracle I mean disaster arrangements. Cringe miss I mean take from that. What you will we were scheduled to have Tommy Wiseau today and unfortunately, due to scheduling or whatever happens in people's lives, you could not make it, but it was serendipitous. So I say that right, serendipitous I, don't know I'm missing an accent there. It was serendipitous anyway, because we were planning this huge h3 video about Jake and Logan Paul's merch machine, the church of merch. Oh, my god, I have the culture sure I forgot to wear it right. It's okay, I can channel it spiritually. We were planning on HD to make this huge, Logan and Jake Paul video, because the way that they plugged their merch has evolved before, like during the the everyday bro period, when they first exact I won when they first started. It was cheeky. It was cute like hey, God, Church, merch, weak wink buy my merch, but it's actually transformed into something a little bit more nefarious a little bit more dark and manipulative predatory. Even in my in my opinion, and since the Christmas season came, it was such a big season for them the way that they marketed. It was really something to behold, so I was putting together chronology and all the ways that they marketing their merch recently, but we're leaving on the 31st to go visit, Ella's family in Israel, and we just don't have the time to do it so I we put together all this content. All these videos- and we said hey this- this will work in the podcast format anyway. So today we have, for you a an extravaganza, a study. This kept put your cringe suits on, but it's more than that. There's something interesting here that I think is worth taking a closer look at. So that's what we're up to today. Now this like I, was saying just to touch on something really brief. This is the last episode of season. One I like to call it season two we're coming back on what day would come back the 19th I, think of January we'll be back and I'm and I'm really seriously toying with the idea of coming back strong season. 2 thinking about maybe doing five shows a week bring on a writer. Why get serious as hell? What I would love what I would love and I'm again I'm? Not this isn't final I'm just toying with the idea. Maybe you guys can bounce some ideas, but like keep the interview once a week on Friday I then have like 30 minute episodes every other day of the week where we tackle some topic every day. Something that's come up with in this case. We're talking about this merch machine I. Think one day a week should be about shredder one day put on shredder Karen, please, okay, so yeah we've, maybe five all five days about shredder yeah. You lose obsessed for sure. How are you gonna live without shredder for eight days nine days, ten days anyway. So, let's begin, this is gonna, be interesting for me, so you guys know Jake and Logan Paul. As the cringy child entertainer goofballs that they've been they've they've owned this year on YouTube and I'm, not I, can't mince words and I can't deny them any credit, those guys hustle they work hard. They shredded they shred they're savages by the way. They also ruin everything. I, love, well, I, don't say I love savages, but they they ruin things Savage. You can't use that word. Anyone dabbing, I, think Logan Paul single-handedly killed, daddy daddy was like cool for a minute like rappers were dabbing, and now all the sudden Logan's, like oh I'm, gonna I'm gonna, have all my eight-year-old white, kids, dabbing and they're like double dad. You just see him on video. He said this is still funny. Is it lit? Hey I saw that in the chat lit he ruined, he ruined Gucci, yeah Logan's walking around in Gucci, and it's like bro you you. If I was good, she I, wouldn't I would make it a policy Tesla, it's not just him, but they killed Tesla as well. I have I mean he'll I got a Tesla I'm thinking about returning it, but it's not just him every. It seems like it's the YouTube dish, doucher car these days, I'm gonna, buy a Tesla I, bought it because I care about electric vehicles, I wanted to help Elon in his mission to protect humanity, I'm returning it I'm returning all my sisters with savage on it to which you have zero. Oh I had a ton of savage stuff before if I was saying, if I was gay, I would make it a policy not to sell to them. What do you mean? That's kind of know that we would probably fall in that same category I. Don't that's why we met that's. Why we're like Gucci, clothing, I? Think it's cool but we're like. Don't what would they say? We don't sell it to youtubers, fine, whatever just whatever, whatever it takes, man just get it off him all right, but so not that anyone can even afford. That's it yeah. It's like come on he's walking around in one of these videos with like a ten thousand dollar Gucci like denim jacket, I love their clothing. It's ridiculously priced, but I admire what they're doing it's really cool. Take it off bro you ruined the brand. You just did millions of all these rappers there they're returning the Gooch I have a tracksuit. You guys saw it from the vapenation and 150 battery ma'am I burned it, but something's changed. Something has changed. They used to be cheeky and cute about selling merch, and what I think has happened is that they're so competitive with each other and they share the same fans that they're, having like the psychological warfare, they're each being forced to ramp up how aggressively they sell merch to top the other one, because they're there competing for the same audience, the same kids and they're all have this identity crisis of I'm reject, Paul or I'm, a SAP I'm, a maverick Logan Logan, so they're stepping it up, possibly unconsciously in a way- and it's come to the point where they're basically telling kids throw out the [ __ ], your parents bought you and I'm, not making something. Yeah and one of the videos will watch logan paul says: throw out whatever [ __ ] santé aka. Your parents bought you and pick up this maverick merch and the more maverick mercs you have is how much my love increases for you. It's like it reminds me of this. Some show I love Nathan for you. He has this bit where he has he's trying to market this toy, and if you don't know the premise of the show he does these really ridiculous. Unpractical solutions offensive in some ways and he's got this toy that won't sell. So he has all these kids in at a table about eight same [, __ ] ages, these guys as fans and he's like so this toy everyone who doesn't have this toy is a baby. The only way that you can be a big boy is, if you have this toy, and so he gives it one to one to everyone except one kid he's like do you feel like a baby you're a baby right now? Do you want this toy and the kids like yeah? That's what they're doing gosh they're like and another thing before we get into the videos that I want you guys to focus on there. They become like YouTube mobsters. They started to churn out these music videos and the point of a music video is usually to entertain to provide a song and a dance right. But what they're doing is these? These are essentially more commercial and to sell their March than it is to entertain and so they're doing a kind of like a double a double take. Like you show up to the storefront pretending that they're selling a jeans once you, you know blow out the candles and close the blinds and when mommy's not in the room, it's crack. It's not an actual crack. It's metaphorical crack, which is much scarier, you'll, see what I mean it's, it's all about their merch and there's almost no content left and the craziest part is at the end of these songs. They still go by this song on iTunes, it's like buying a Taco Bell jingle for some [ __ ] on iTunes. It's like demolition man, if you guys have seen that. So, let's just you know- and let me just say- also there's nothing wrong with merchandise I mean, especially in these days, a merchandise is the lifeblood of a lot of youtubers. It's huge for us particularly and a lot of other people, but when it becomes the entire body of your work and the soul of everything you do, it becomes strange and especially when you're selling it to kids, who don't have their own money and you're saying [, __ ] like tell your mom like I'm. This is a lyric. You wanna tell your mom, buy everything in my store and throw out throw out your other [ __ ], it's good. It crosses into Scientology like levels of weird cultish vibes, so it mic thesis here is that there's some brain there's some legitimate brainwashing going on it's very predatory on these kids and they're selling like garbage. There's this one I want to show you I, don't want to ruin the surprise, but some of this merch will just drop your jaw. So, let's start I've got a game plan here. Let's see how far they've strayed from God's light or as Jake Paul would say from God church's light. It's been a while, since we have goofed on the old blind boy, Logan Paul. So let's start there. This is around six months ago. Same time that everyday bro blew up and I think I've been around that time. Everybody started understanding that you turn out these music videos and it's like this insane easy to produce money machine because they sell the song they plugged the merch, and it's like this whole thing. It is crazy. They get so many views every day bro. What are the views on that? Let me know that was that was a bit of a phenomenon, but a lot of them. I, remember that was like on the top charts on iTunes too, but this video has 160 million. That's crazy. Yeah I mean that that's pop star numbers, yeah, so I don't know. Let's, let's start with here. You guys know that one so I'm not gonna, bother showing that to you. This one is special to me called Logan is my hero. Let's pull this up! This has 42 Mille Miglia I'm, not gonna. Make fun of this kid. He's a sweet-ass kid I, don't want to say anything bad about this poor, there's, sweet, beautiful, wonderful child, he's, sweet and I love him to bits right, EULA, so I'm, gonna cut out this whole I. Don't understand that I haven't done the research, maybe I'm missing something, but why does why does Logan look like a [ __ ] lesbian in the shot? But what is going on with this look bro? Why do you look like Ellen's cousin? Why do you look like your own mother? It's weird! But anyway, that's I! Guess that's uh! So this this can't made a video about how hey Logan you're my hero, god bless I want to they're, always Melbourne merch. You don't have a focus music video of 27 feet. Okay, so this kid made a music video about Logan, hey you're, my hero and he's like this is cool I'm gonna fly him out and make a music video together, okay, so this is the result, and this is from six months ago. This is before this is when there was still a flicker of light in his eyes, he's getting completely fallen into the chasm. The black death chasm from like the newest Star Wars movie, mmm the Dark Side chasm. That's where he's fallen into no, it's a fact that everyone has a hero, yeah yeah and sometimes when you're tickled, just the right way. You gotta make a dumb ass song about it fact. So this is that dumb, ass song that will fact and guess what the fact I'm feeling tickled yeah yeah I saw this video saying, though, before we get deep into this. It's also worth remembering that all the life he wrote, this song cuz there's a lot of dick, sucking of him being like you're, the wisest you're, the coolest and he's like. Really, you think so. It's like yeah, but you wrote this line about yourself: Hogan you're, my hero, saying I'm, the man like I'm, some type of Robert De, Niro I. Don't know why, though, this kid looks like he's shy though, but he talked that track like a gosh dreamz, why they so obsessed with that amazing! Oh, my gosh I missed that I missed that I'm. So sorry, I interrupted this incredible. My favorite, the joke that I was hanging out with posts and his brother, Jordan and Jordan had a really funny observation he's like Logan is like the stereotypical white rapper that everyone makes fun of who's like hi. My name is Logan and I'm here to say, buy my merch or else you're gay, which is essentially what this song blows down to. That's amazing, that's amazing was that good should I put on paper so write that down down write that down with you copy, okay, bro. Oh, he green screens out the pool and puts in Martin Luther King jr.. Can you think of a more tasteless thing like, but here take the whole thing and as a body but I'm not saying that he's not. Are you not saying that he's not Martin Luther King, because that kid is not Martin, Luther King empirically so, and then look like bro poor MLK can't rest in peace. They green-screen his ass in the [ __ ] back of the stare with his ass like grinning, it's disturbing also! And okay, it's just like the weirdest comparison ever. This is probably the anything you can go. I was relevant to this kid's life. Look at this okay, so funny I'm, not saying that it is, but I'm not saying that he isn't I. Think it's not. What are you saying he might yeah? What do you say? You're you're essentially saying that you're not saying anything, I'm not saying just drop my Martin Martin's name and okay. Let's try and get some street cred here. Dude is Martin. Luther King he's gonna KITT, you know he's gonna, do he's gonna ruin, Martin, Luther King for everybody. We have to erase him from the history books, I think the next one is also yeah he's gonna start selling merch with MLK face on it. Maybe you're the next MLK be a maverick a maverick he would have been if he was alive today. I don't know now, who are you to say that this kid I am okay, only the cold, yeah I just think the comparison to MLK and Kanye is just double bizarre. Double fact: double dab, double bizarre! Okay, who are you to say that this kid ain't, MLK or even Kanye, by the way notice how they they key in [, __ ], here's MLK delivering his speech for Logan Paul to sell merch, okay yeah they put his ass in the back Phil. Can you even tell her what is that? It's the most tasteless [ __ ] I've, ever seen in my life? This kid doesn't do anything either. Look at him! Just he's like cool I, can't I, don't say: I'm, not making fun of the kid he's a sweetheart I love, [Music], [Music], [Music] [Laughter]. Just remember you wrote this okay, I'm, sorry I, don't mean Ciro people, [, __, ], I, don't know the people need heroes and I, don't know that they need to make songs with the heroes. It's weird it's a little creepy! You worship me I, worship, this guy. He writes in the lyrics. You worship me I'm your hero, the insinuation that he would ever answer his phone. If this could have called him and cracked me up as if he's got like a giant presidential phone that plugs him right through, you know he gets text from him and he's just like ignore I'm sorry, dude hit me up hit me up. If you ever need advice, that's where it gets like tasteless, and this is six months ago, so he still has some soul left, but it's like alarmingly tasteless because he's making this wholesome song with this kid and I also wouldn't criticize it if it wasn't for the mirch undertones he's making this wholesome song celebrating this kid, he flew him out, but then all of a sudden, his this kid is an accessory. He becomes like a pawn an actor and then someone's like the fact that is Wade. This kid is using it as a shield, like you can't criticize him, because he made a nice act. Exam thinking, like he's probably gonna. Look at us like! Oh look at them. How dare you make fun of me? I? Did this wonderful thing for this kid? Who could ever talk [ __ ] about me this was a wonderful thing, but he's using this kid as an actor he's using him in an advertisement and he's saying. Okay. Now, at this point of the movie, the video I'm gonna hand you this mervich maverick, sweater and you're gonna seem super happy. What's his cut on that by the way does he have any back? Does he owe me royalties on this commercial, but yeah he's using he's using the kid and it becomes less wholesome and- and it's very very tasteless, this whole link in the box. But here it's really it's not that bad. Yet we want to show this as where things started right. It's a it's! A little tasteless, it's a it's! A little tasteless right, there's part where it's just like part of the bit is him saying merch in the background it gets bad. It gets so much worse than this, but this is just a chronology. The goodbye everybody needs someone to idolize. Everybody needs someone to idolize I, think that's pretty unhealthy suggestion. I! Don't think that idolizing anyone is a healthy all right and, as someone's Idol I, don't think you need to fly them out and write them lyrics of young kids or basically on his knees, worshipping you as his hero. Yeah he's like you idolize me, that's great. Let me love that about you. Yeah capable doing that! I! Don't know anything about you, but you idolize me. Apparently all right! Listen! You got a full pizza there, you're sharing the slice. What the why? Whatever we don't need to the kids worse, why are you sure to slice yeah? So there's 30 love that there's a lot to chew on here. So this is when it gets into kind of the brainwashing and I know you might think I'm getting ridiculous, but but listen to how ridiculous this is and okay. The fact that in his mind, when they're producing this song, he has the presence of mind to just throw in, and he does this throughout the song emerge. It's Bray I think it's brainwashing, I really do merge and, like just you know, it happens several times throughout and it's kind of hard to catch. So it's pretty it's pretty weird, but there's also something here. I wanted to comment on as well. What are they planning? How many 72 virgins in paradise? Are you stopping crime or committing it? Hang with virgins and paradise? That's not appropriate merch with a kid yeah. Let's go hang with the cuties in Paris. Let's go spit roast some cuties together, it's a little inappropriate, but it's insinuated merge! Merge. You want to go tag that was Judi I, think we can move on to the other stuff that was like the under part. Oh ela, there's come on. You're gonna deprive everyone wanna finishing this I'm trying to save people. No, this is come on [Music]. My man is a savage I can see it in his eyes, you're really wise. Oh okay, he wrote this yeah Logan. You really wise. Also true double effect. Merge, merge, merge, merge, merge, merge, okay, bro! Why does this look like a memorial service that this kid just looked passed away? What the most inappropriate green screen moment exactly! It's like it's like an obituary could show up right now and be like child drowned at Logan Paul's compound. He was overburdened by maverick merch and sunk to the bottom, like a bag of dirt rest in peace, little guy, okay, why seeking a rope just got back from hanging out with the 72 virgins, making some sense back to the hero stuff? Let's talk future tense in 13 to 20 years, we'll both be president. Yes, so would you talk it's his rhyme they're super intelligent and he's aware of it because he said Secretary of Defense, Oh daddy, oh god he's so wise, oh I'd love to submit roast someone won't blow him mm-hmm, I love to hang out with all the 72 virgins of like look at this kid. He looks confused he's like what are you doing, bro, there's! No! What I signed up for yeah I came out to like make a music video, not a commercial here. Let me slow down when can buy a look about it, they're being cheeky about it. They lose the cheeky and it's just aggressive. That's that's the point he's making he's like software goofy and then it just becomes aggressive. Like kill your parents steal their cards, buy my merch whatever it takes. Watch this [ __ ] he's like bro what the hell the way you merch raping me know the kids I even smile. He just keeps it looks confused [Music] all right, so we have got that one squared away and once again this is a starting point. Now, let's move it on to the next video which is Logan's one of his recent Christmas tracks and I want you to see the difference in aggression here. So this is called Santa dis track and it has 31 million views. It came out. December 10th. This was basically yeah a big, a big push to plug his March air. Get ready gear up my friends by the way Jill Logan Paul is one of his best friends as a dwarf who's in a lot of his vlogs. Is it PC to put a dwarf in a Santa's elf costume? Is that oh, is that something people are I mean I, just I'm asking the last time I remember seeing that was like bad Santa was I, don't know bad so anyway, that's kind of interesting observation. This is so obscenely branded. He has maverick car cushions. Oh wow, you see the detail that went into this. That's like BJ, collared level, he's approaching he's found quickly approaching those levels of meme tum ready relay this holy Sh holy bleep Jose and Santa yeah Wow yeah he's a maverick with the flip. Are you yeah so, though, by the way, this is completely DJ, College style yeah? What happened bro just thank you.thank rest in the DJ Khaled five years ago, I won I have a weird thought on it's a conspiracy theory but I wonder if the clothes he makes is the same [ __ ]. He sells I wonder if this [ __ ] is like tailor fitted to him to look better. So they don't put that much effort into a knot. He looks like full DJ, Khaled, Yeezy, maverick style, [Music] where's. He going right now by the way I was wondering so get some treehouse spit-roast a couple of cuties in paradise, so he just he accuses mrs. closet being a caucus entually. Mr. Claus, he just he cooked Santa said he [ __ ] his wife twice. He just he straight-up is called a Santa, a [ __ ], and this is for kids yeah bro and he dropped the f-bomb. The first 30 seconds of this song is like is like content. You could consider it like a song, but it at at some point. It just completely devolves into commercial from the north, but I'm from Ohio. Why so obsessed with the fact that from hooha Ohio, why by Ohio I? Don't get it? What's that say, that's me, quoting Jake Paul Kyoto bite my white boy, so no my feelings are not hurt. It's pretty much talking to you right now. Let me let me have a good tile on button, so my feelings are not hurt. It's just weird and creepy bro and the fact that you had the presence of mind to acknowledge that you knew that it was creepy and weird and stupid. That's what you dressed it in your own song and then here well. This is the course yeah, okay, that this is where it gets. Creepy uh, take it. Take your gifts and give them back. Maverick merch is where it's at was essentially saying: Santa Claus your parents bought you a bunch of crap, throw it out. You need maverick merch in this whole, like yeah I rep, my merch, like that's his whole identity. There's no song left it's just all about. Like yes, I rep, my merch, it's cool to just sell [, __ ] to you. It's cool that my whole essence in being is just surrounded about selling you merch and somehow, because their fans are eight-year-olds and probably actually eight-year-olds or maybe 13 12 yeah 8 to 13 or 15. They. They don't have the presence of mind to understand how weird this is. They don't have their own money and well here got the hoodie got the Hat [Music]. Okay. So again you should get my new backpack, throw away that their sack. It's just so funny. That's like any pop song about merch about maverick merch and that's what I mean when I say like it's, a storefront they're, pretending now to be making music, but it's actually just like almost entirely a commercial and it's super sneaky and manipulative he's planting these ideas that your do. Whatever you, whatever you have, that's not maverick merch, is garbage whatever backpack you have. This not maverick is garbage. Let me show you by the way, I want to play a little game here. My friends cuz I where's, my [ __ ] Mouse. Here it is I'm gonna play a little song. Okay, now my friends, let's play a game you should get. My new backpack here is uh to have the price on this. This is a jet we're playing a game but I've kind of bad at this. Okay. Here here is the exclusive gold maverick backpack by logan, paul guess, the price everybody take a guess at the cost of this backpack dan. Do you have a guess? $200, you can't over guess you roll the game when you /, guess 20 bucks, good guess this maverick exclusive backpack is being sold to kids for $100. I actually asked our production manager the cost she estimated for teddy fresh that it would cost about seven dollars to make and not, and not that that is you're not allowed to upsell [ __ ]. But it's the fact that it's being sold to kids, who have no sense of quality, who are basically being told to beg their parents to buy it for them, and this backpack I'm fairly sure will disintegrate after one drop of rain, hits it well pretty much just evaporate disintegrate thanks for playing guys that was $100 and maverick gold, exclusive backpack and that's five star reviews. So gotta quit cuz, it's not gonna be around forever. You should get my new backpack, [, __ ], you say I, don't want people to be like like. Let me acknowledge. Yes, we also sell 30 fresh and it's not cheap. Let me just get that out of the way. Well, it's it's all fine. They can sell the backpack for $100. It's just there's something about the way they do it and who's the audience. It's kids! That's the thing! It's not adults who make their own decisions. It's like go! Tell your mom that you're not cool. If you don't have this backpack and it amps up as we as we go deeper down the hole of it's, it's clearly a difference. You know this suit wins selling. I, don't need it it's it! You can't it's not that you can't markup [, __, ], okay and by the way. Well, that's an insane markup from $7 $200, that's very crazy! But when you mark [, __ ] up that high for kids and then your method of selling, it is manipulating them to beg their parents. That's a little strange and it's so aggressive. The marketing is so aggressive and, as I said before, I really do think it's a psychological warfare between these brothers, who are so competitive, probably deeply hate each other and share the same audience that they're forced to market more and more aggressively to these guys. You know they probably compare numbers and they deeply jealous and hateful of each other I I'm, almost certain that it's just a pure, pure violet, wean them I didn't. This is another weird thing that goes on here: they're bragging about their wealth in the videos you know, I got that blingle while simultaneously saying I'm and I'm. Also why I have this bling is because you're buying my [ __ ]? Don't you find that strange thanks for buying my backpack now I've got a Rolex, it's just yeah I, don't know, usually that you'll see this stuff in hip-hop, but they'll be singing about other stuff. It's like it's so funny. They're talking [ __ ] about buying merch when you're, when you're bragging to the very person who made you rich about how rich you are because a wrapper they sell albums they play shows. But if you're like, if you're so like it's like going to patreon supporters and being like man, I'm [, __, ] loaded, please please continue supporting me, but they're kids. They don't understand yeah, they don't understand it right. They just think it's cool. They wears Gucci and Rolexes. That I mentioned that I'm single ladies just want to make sure that you can still fantasize about being with me. Even though you're 12 did I mention that I'm single, also, what's with the yes I, do in church. This merch is appropriate for all occasions, funerals too Sunday's best. It's the god Church mean you think so [Music] what's wrong with Yahoo Yahoo people use Yahoo last night, Oh AOL. Certainly, that would be a good insult I. Have a yahoo account, essentially what I'm saying [Music] anyway, you get the idea. Yeah I ripped that merch yeah I'm proud to rip that merch, and so should you. You only have value to me if you wear merch, if I see you on the street and you're, not wearing merch I might spit in your face. I definitely won't think of you as a maverick but the more merch that you are wearing. Well, that's more Maverick and I'm, probably more likely I did mention that I'm single to spit-roast with you and I'm so I'm, also so dope that I cooked santa's, wife and cream pie dinner he's mentioned cream pie in mrs. class yeah where's, my mouse I keep losing it all right. So it's like yeah I mean you see you see what's going on here now you see in okay, so up next, basically, we are hitting rock bottom we're gonna, take a quick break. We've got Jake Paul videos up next. That is basically the epitome of what I'm talking about. So please don't go anywhere. We're getting juiced and spiced up. Go cream pie, your left one we'll be right back. Thank you to the elder scrolls legends for sponsoring this episode, the h3 podcast! Listen! If you know anything about video games, you know about the elder. Scrolls you've played Skyrim, please it's the best game of all time and guess what the best game of all time now has a card game, and even if you don't like card games, you're gonna love this cuz, he likes Elder Scrolls. Alright, let me spell it out. This game is amazing. It's a thrill. Ela knows Shiism she's, she's sick of me playing this game. You can buy it on mobile. I, know that right and tablet. That's what I thought! That's my preferred method. It's free-to-play! It's out on everything, Steam Mac, iOS, Android tablets, phones and other undiscovered and uninvented devices. I'm telling you what our everything whatever alien technology there's a brand-new story: expansion coming out on November 30th, with 50 new cards and 15 plus hours of new story content, make a Bethesda net account and it works across all of your devices. This is what I love say: you're playing you're in the heat of the moment you get dropped. Oh my god! Not like this. You scribe! You cried in despair. Hold this and you're like. Oh, my god. I can open it on my cell phone use, my 4G and continue where I was. Nobody will ever beat me unfairly again. You see me rage, you know what happens you get disconnected playing your favorite game. Please that's not happening anymore! That's how great this game is. Twitch drops check out this cute stuff. If you link your Bethesda dotnet account with twitch account, you can get free stuff. Just for watching your favorite streamer play the gosh-darn game. The games got unique features like Lane systems, monthly updates, frequent meta game patches. They believe that a digital card game should make use of it being digital and have frequent changes that make sense. You're not like a brick-and-mortar black Magic, the Gathering, you, you know but burn those up and throw them out because we got in digital baby. This is 2018 almost, but on the real guys. This is a super super fun game. It's free to play, give it a shot, I'm sure, you're, gonna love it. It's fun, it's multiplayer, it's competitive! It's got all the moves, all the Slams and if you're fan Ella squirrels, you're gonna love this. So please consider supporting the Elder Scrolls legends. It helps us and God bless you. Thank you. So much to sponsoring us my duties. Duties do holder, but I mean it as in at the moment, I've been doing my duties. What is up my duties? That should be the Hebrew version of dude Doody. Did you know that there's a Hebrew name as always cracks me up. I, think eel is probably sick of hearing me say: there's a Hebrew man named duty, there's a bunch of guys walking around Israel with their names duty, sound, we're known that I! Think of ready and there's another one that cracks me up, but I won't sit. That's too much for the show all right! Next, quick! You guys know that I am in love with this toothbrush. Quit people have described it as the Apple, the Macintosh of toothbrushes, I think it's better than that. It's just a great toothbrush. You don't need an analogy or metaphor to compute what great this is, the queen of Elizabeth of toothbrushes. It's an empowered way. This is what is with this. Toothbrush is an empowered female heroin character and for more than one reason, Buzz's variant, vibrates a lot, but on the real, this is an electric toothbrush. It's gonna change your life, one, it's affordable as heck these electric toothbrushes, I was in the market; they cost hundreds of dollars. I'm like it's a toothbrush. This one starts at. Let me scan 25 boom, it's an excellent electric toothbrush. It vibrates you turn it on and it counts down for you vibrates every 30 seconds until you're done so it ensures that you get a great clean brush and chant people. They'll show that off look at this - Oh Mike Oh God, but it's it's strong. It can endure that it didn't do it. It comes in I, don't get it and a tube you could put other stuff in there good pack, meats in there for lunch, just being industrious guys. Let me give you a challenge and by the way, if you go through the page, they get quick console sh3, they say refill for free yulik, liners yeah, special shout out, hey quip, comes with a mount that goes right on your mirror, fitting seamlessly into your daily routine. Do you see that there? What's the Mount Gila? Oh it's this! So you so you have glow. Just sticks right on yeah! That's that's comes off! Oh yeah! You got you just put that on the mirror. It's just taped right now, but yeah this glues to the mirror. So here's the deal you're gonna get the best brush of your life for twenty-five dollars and let's face it, you could probably use some fresher breath and I don't mean that in an offensive way, everybody could and that's why I love quit here. That's mounted on your eye mounted on the let's mount it up. Can you see that you guys hold that up to the camera? Look at this man? Oh my god! No, it's way too. It's way too command. Alright. Clip also offers an optional subscription plan to bring new brush heads on a dentist recommended three months scheduled for just five dollars, which includes free shipping worldwide. That means if your ass is in well, I'm not gonna, make any guarantees, but it's worldwide I'm not guaranteeing it like to get some [ __ ]. This I love this toothbrush, I use it myself. It's featured and just about every gift guide this year, including GQ Gibb Coupe, is highly reputable and Oprah's. Oh, oh I love how this toothbrush, my friends list guys it starts at just $25 right now, go to get quick, calm, slash, h3, to get your first refill pack Ferrari with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at get quick, calm, slash, h3! It's spelled! Gt q uip calm, slash to h3. You won't regret giving this toothbrush a try, I guarantee it and you might get some more kisses out of it too. Thank you for supporting us and please consider picking one of them up if you're in the market for a toothbrush- and we just want to give it all another announcement, teddy fresh hats, everything that you can wear on your head, beanies caps, it's all back in stock, so head on over to teddy fresh calm. If you need to cover that head, all the hats were back the Black Friday denim had was. There was a lot of demand, so we brought it back yeah! It's like my new favorite hat I and the beanie that I'm wearing is gonna, be in like a month or a month and a half t-shirts are coming back, so new drop is coming soon we're working on it. You can look like Sideshow Bob. It's like me with this hat. If you have hair like mine, guys, thank you so much to everyone who sponsored us. Please consider supporting our sponsors. Let's jump right back in! Thank you. Thank you. Welcome back to extra podcasts, we are examining the merch machine of Jake and Logan Paul. Now we've looked at Logan's two videos. Now, let's take a look at jigs. This is his recent Christmas song. It's from December 5th. It's called all I want for Christmas. You can guess what it is, oh, that he wants now in a way. This one is so over the top and ridiculous that in a way, I hate it less, but he's still at the end. I just want to show you now he's still at the end. It's selling it on iTunes and Spotify and you'll understand how funny that is. So here we go [Music] right out the gate. My friends strap in a [Music] fight at merch by that merge by that merge, merge by that it's like in a way he's almost lovable, because it's just so absurd. There's no pretending here like in Logans. It's like more trickery like I, creamed, pie, Santa's, wife, so throw away your backpack, but here it's just like bad at over, but it's it's so nice. This [ __ ] is off the rails like it's, not it's like a weird one -, oh, my god, / Jake, Poe fan / Jake Paul use the coupon code. Oh boy percent off it's basic I'm joking, but this is a hundred percent of a commercial and he still sells it on iTunes. Imagine buying this on items hasn't already paid for itself. Jake. Can you give them the song for free? It's a commercial, it's crazy, I, just I can't get over it. I need to buy it on iTunes yeah, I'm, gonna, I'm gonna need that song. If I can [ __ ] the merch bro. Is this song merch getting a song, be merch I? Think a song is merch now I can't get over that course by that merch buy that it's great. It just puts a smile on my face hundred dollars. Free shipping y'all, there's not a single line in this in this that isn't about buying merch like the whole lyric is the FAQ and shaping page. That's funny five business days, five business days so be patient. If you don't get it 24-hour support, if you hate it, so that's the line that we were referring to. That's it's a little. It's a little crossing the line there. This will it son Christmas in a miracle thank God. My merch has come. We have to acknowledge just how it's like he's he's in one breath, acknowledging that his fans don't have money and that their kids like fully owning that there's just no shame. There's no pretending anymore, because I think a lot of youtubers are comfortable coming to well, at any rate, it's a full admission and then beyond that he's saying you don't have money, you can't afford it. You need to get it from your mom. You need to beg them. You need to coerce them. If your parents, don't tell you know, tell call Child Protective Services and tell him that they touched you inappropriately, whatever it takes right he's like I was reading the Jake Paul forum and a lot of people said they had success, calling the Child Protective, Services and pretending that they were touched inappropriately. That worked for a lot of kids to get Jake Palmer whatever it takes. Maybe I stretched it a little bit, but you get the idea [Music] she gotta fire come on decider merge back my best course. 2017 I mean okay, he's full my favorite song over the year. This is the hottest song single. Why isn't this billboards top 100? So this is a full admission. This this is. These are what his fans are. These are the people he's talking to him and Logan I love that they put him in, because it doesn't leave much room for doubt that they know exactly where their marketing to yeah Oh Jay Paul merch. My parents do love me. The kids will accept me at school this year, [Music] [Music], but I, don't understand what happens. What happens so Santa can't there's people about too much. Merch Santa cannot deliver it all, but he has an idea. You could tell me what it is. I'd appreciate he had a t-shirt cannon, it's oh, you did. Apparently it's like a ICBM shirt cannon, intercontinental ballistic sure say it looks like a grenade launcher, kill them all. I figured it out Santa and at all. Let's, let's wrap it up for humanity right. It's not time efficient yeah, but it's yeah. Jake of all people should appreciate hand. Delivery, I'm, gonna buy this. So then yeah. This is my favorite part available. Now, on iTunes and Spotify, just mat littmus yeah. Let miss you gotta love that I'm talking about ruining a whole word, so that is pretty much the my little my little peek into the world of their merch factory and again there's nothing wrong with selling merch or repping March, hell I'm sitting here and full teddy fresh paraphernalia, but there's a way. There's a there's, a there's, a weird way to do it and they're they've they're they're marketing to kids extremely aggressively by to mark I, can't stop in my head. I can't stop, don't buy my merch, you know: here's! Here's, how you sell your merch! Don't buy this no I'm just trying to be. You know a cool guy so there! So that's! That's! That's! Basically, there's a bonus track. We're not done but I just wanted to show you guys where it came from, because in the first video what Logan is my hero? Everyday bro hit a same kind of cuteness about like leek and bio, but it just became a full-on. Throw your sack out [ __ ], an ax, throw your old sack, yeah, it's just so aggressive I. Don't know I mean am I, am I yeah? Can I get a Amen way? Oh, can I get a whale or an Amen from somebody? Please, a Amen I need I need some hype. Man dude I need I need a full crew of Heitmann mm-hmm Tay, yes, man, the [ __ ] out of me all day. So what's the bonus track, so we've got a bonus track. That's not it's another Christmas song by Jake Paul! He made like 10 songs. This month, yeah you made littmus with some actual rapper. Who was it I? Don't know his career is over now I, don't ever know he. He seriously made like five to ten songs all about Christmas month. Jus just goes to show you how they crank these babies out man. So there's a there's another one I really wanted to wash just because it was so specifically bad and it's not really very merch centric to his credit, but it's really something to behold. So this is a bonus track and it's called twelve days of Christmas everyone's time held favorite Christmas song. Let's see this cover [Music] [Music] because they do like they didn't post a song a day. Yeah I, don't know how it's possible. No, they must really turn them out. They really have machinery here. There's got to be some really business, savvy, capable people behind the scenes really like doing some work. Yeah, oh dentists, sang misses a whole album yeah, it's a whole Wow, it's basically a whole album dedicated to selling merch it's unbelievable. Then you buy the album. It's like it's, let's back it up here now. Let me Jake baller. His songs are, this is even limited. This is almost too much for me. You're gonna have to endure this particular one 12 times now. My question to you, Jake is when you have this much trouble with a note when you have that much trouble with the no Anthony. When you miss a note that hard. Why would you make that the one you say every time, because it's the lit bright, you can hear the auto-tune machine like smoking, it's like heating up to maximum power, and you just do that cut it. It's just savage like not even listen to the auto machine, smoking area me. How do you miss it damn, but the technology I've heard people auto-tune a fart to sound musical, there's incredible technology. Apparently it's not good enough chants, an ant. The me it's crazy, it's like they just did it one take I mean it's probably what happened but man man, oh my bro. How did God bless him? I, don't know what to say. Man, god bless him [Music]. Thank you for making me rich go to fan joy, calm! That's the thing I was talking about like bragging about their wealth while simultaneously marketing to the people who made them rich strange. Also, look at this merch. It's Christmas Day, bro, okay, it's like this. Every day, bro! Oh, it's Christmas, Day bro! It's just you just not a big baller, no you're right [Music], it's the longest song! All time someone was asking in the chat. What's with the twins, I was wondering the same thing: chanting it. Oh, the baby, the baby twins, I, don't know they're really rough with the Biddy Hef baby twins know someone ten. Somehow there's twins I. Don't know how to follow the whole drama. It's like real world I. Don't know everyone is going on their lives, but they're. Really they really like mm-hmm tassel. Those kids give him a good shake. Seven British booties why the flippin Hecker's glasses in his pants, where he's got yellers, which is like these, these glasses. You keep some under his waistline. Like he's tucking his boner under his I can't see ya you thick. There doesn't do a really good job there, like you see well you'll see that is the worst one ever gave his seed Apolo gave a seed. What sorry what'd you just say this dog donated sperm well, bro, I'm, sorry what this is like watching a recap of Jake Paul last year, we're learning. Now they have twin babies. He breaks I began II got six bags of Gucci. Do you know what giving your seed means? It means like? What did he mean? I feel like I, don't feel like there's any other way to interpret that statement. I mean I, don't like Apollo gave his seed. That is very, very wild thing to put into a child [Laughter] a breeder. Oh yeah, that's what he meant. He meant he gave his seed and the dog they got a new pack. They cropped him out real fast. Oh man hit those notes, boy you're, the next big thing: [Applause] bro you're, not even close. They have like they have computers, the size of NASA's smoking and sparking trying to auto-tune Jake singing right now. I guess I did some research because I was like what is yello. This is some like drug. The kids take like crazy on take well yeah, it's just yellow glasses. Well, why did he have them tucked under his belt line like a [, __, ], nine reindeer twerking progressively more sexual? You notice, that's working the booties, that's right! It has gotten it's like merch planting seed, twerking, booties breeding dog spit roasting cuties in Paradise and cream pies, mrs. Claus, that's number 12 [Music] [Applause] whoa! You can hear like fluctuating [Music], [Music], [Music], Taemin, try and wear a legging waterlogging. Let's go [Music] [Music] yeah nice. One! Well, don't forget to buy this song on iTunes as well. Oh yeah! Sorry I stopped it way too soon, guys all right! Well, hey! Listen, do your thing get paid, I, don't know, maybe I'm, just a whiny old man, I thought there was something interesting there, maybe I'm just a grouchy, whiny old guy, that's a hypocrite who sells his own merch, -, okay, but I I'm. Sorry, there's something I thought! There's something interesting here: I, don't know why you're all acting like I'm, acting like everybody already hated this getting defensive already Dan was that was that interesting is interesting, but that last one like physically hurt me. Well, we saved it for last yeah I appreciate that I wanted idea. I'm gonna overload everyone too much by too much. That's my favorite merch I. Think that's the that's probably my favorite one. It's wholesomely awful bad at merch anyway, so that pretty much concludes our season. One of the history podcast. It's been a lot of ups and downs. A lot of it's been all over the place. Guys it's been nice, we started here, we didn't do a live. I was editing it at home and premiere with five different cameras. It was one of the most awful things to add. Ever my my computer was looking like an auto-tuned machine trying to auto-tune Jake Paul. They just couldn't handle it. It was way too way too much information. Now we live streaming on Twitch. We've got a whole team of people who support us who are excellent. Wonderful people I'd like to thank them. You want you guys want to come in here. You want to go on like the longshot. How can I? Thank you guys on screen coming here? Dan, you start with Dan, because you both switch Ian, couldn't make it today. Buddy I'm in the chat, oh yeah, and the interns not here so he'll remain anonymous forever. Dan our illustrious producer, who turned this dime-store gumshoe operation into we got a table. Now we got some killer no, no seriously, and this is that camera on okay, apparently not that gun whew Janet Dan seriously shaped this [ __ ] up he he did so much to help get. This show to a great technical point, and thank you so much god bless you happy to have you. So thank you looking forward to working together and ceasing to hell yeah and then there is a more mysterious person. That's true, we have Sarah I, don't think you guys have ever met her behind the switch screen. Yeah she is the master. Switcher switching means she switches the cameras yeah there you're looking at yeah and does the graphics too true stuff. You want to come out you Bible fact. Although fact like there, you want to just put it on the lung and then keep your face in Wow yeah. You guys can swap it out again. So thank you, Dan. Thank you to Sarah come say hi. Thank you for all the gracious support work you put in god bless you pleasure. Being here, all those great slick switches. You guys right. Thank you Sarah here. So thank you very much thank reshaped. We need to make it 12 thing later, but with our people right on the 12th day, we got Sarah man, let Miss Sarah switch the camp anyway. Thank you very much yeah [Laughter], [Music] [Laughter]. Thank you and he and of course, the anonymous intern- and this is not here. He is the man who screens calls who you all hate, because he's so rude to you on the phone I tell him to be so rude. He does. He does a lot actually and listen for that, but he's not here he's sick and, let's see shraddha one more time. Yes, shredder, of course, Rick biggest round of applause for transfer and everybody give it up. Give it up. I mean come on. It's Prince Reder, we're all here to serve shredder, that is, the purpose of our life, has just becoming a giant. That's it we're just here to serve like I was saying in the beginning, we are going to Israel to visit Ellis fam and to just think about life a little bit as well. You know, sometimes you just got to step away. I'm, not gonna. My objective for the first time in so many years is to not work at all. I'm, not gonna, think about it. Last time we were there. We made a h3 video who's, a weird one or just because of how, like we forced ourselves to work, and it was just not right, yeah ever B&amp;B and we tried to record in there. It's weird. You know you need lights, you need mic cuz, it's not it's! Not! It's not right! It's hard to step away from your own work when you're, like your own boss, sometimes and so I think I'm, just gonna step away for the next two weeks. I do plan to make a vlog yeah we might go. I like the Israel phlogiston legs aren't they're fun does don't feel like work. We do a little bit of thinking a little bit of soul-searching and I'm we're coming back season to strong we've got. We haven't forgotten about fishbowl, it's a very complicated legal matter and we've had a lawyer working on it. This whole time. You need some terms. You need like how people apply. There's all this legal documents we need and research done, which is now pretty much complete. So that's something we're gonna be digging into on season 2, which I'm very excited about, and possibly ramping it up to five days a week which is gonna, be nuts but I'm I'm kind of excited. My thinking on that is just that. It's new and exciting. It's fresh for me: I love, for example. What Howard Stern does he was like I love, how he his show worked and how he was just there. He was like, like a companion to people, and he could talk about so much it covers so much and I feel like I, really need a change and how I entertain or do what I do and I'm and I'm thinking. Maybe that's the direction I want to go to try to try to do that. We'll see we'll see, I'm thinking about it. Hopefully you guys are excited about that idea. I mean if you're, not if you're, not well, then I'm just gonna have to you. Gonna need to brainwash them. I'm, not I'm gonna have to you guys are excited you guys if you're not excited you're, not a maverick Ruth anyway to everyone who has watched and supported us over this last year. This first season of the podcast has been a wild ride and there's been ups downs, goofs gaffes, laughs, Rob, spoofs, everything in between and your guys's faithful support and viewership I love. So much when we run to someone on the street and they talk about that. They watched our most recent podcast. To me, that's incredible! It's so interactive and you have to be so engaged to sit down and listen to a couple. [ __, ] knocking, and so it's surreal to think that people actually sit at home and watch someone watching this right. Now this you guys up there. It's weird, but thank you yeah I mean thank you so much um. So yeah we're really excited to come back with season. 2 gonna get a little bit of a rest. So we'll see you guys January 19th! That's when we'll be back I hope you guys have an excellent amazing new year. I hope that 2018 is a productive. Happy fulfilling year, for you guys and wish you all the very best thanks for sticking around and giving me giving me something that making my bitching valid, because otherwise I just be I, be a does. Is a man complaining and the woods still complaining? It's like the old. It's the old proverb. Alright, guys we love you. We appreciate you. We will see you next year and with that I say God bless! Thank you! Everyone guys in this weekend and a great new year and please hurry on over to fan joke. Oh hey guys order over a hundred dollars and get the free shipping by to tell your John, but I keep doing that and then tell you things: - yeah. If they need to buy it all Lincoln buy a free shipping off free shipping goal anyway. I'm done it's all stuck in my brand forever bad at merch, yeah I, just realized I was I, was in the bathroom. I was looking at myself in the mirror and I'm like I. Look like such a [, __ ] idiot, making fun of their merch cuz I. Never wear this much merch in a video. This was like the one shirt I had I'm sorry, but fresh is not merged. That's true, well I mean, isn't kidding it's fine, you can call it it's a mean between the memes. You anymore, hmmm does shredder. Have a ghost stories shredded. You have any ghost stories. We need to end this dan. Can you put the mic up to shred, wait Dan and Sarah? Do you have a ghost story? Oh my god. You guys have ghost stories or UFO I'm, afraid I'm a non-believer. You said you ignore me. I knew that about you, Sarah and underreport. Okay, I mean yeah cool, a bunch of skeptics. Now we know at least that's why you work and put the mic up to shredder, really fast, yeah. Okay, it's happening. Okay, good I can't see. So just let me know and then I'll shredder. Do you have any ghost stories to report? Have you seen any paranormal activity, everything's paranormal to him? He doesn't understand anything. Ian said I'm, a ghost and I couldn't agree. More Ian is he's. Our usual UFO doesn't have paranormal experiences. He is a paranormal experience, all right, I'm, very excited about next season, so I hope to see you guys. There love you. This is your dick, tiny little vibrating too quick, not calm, especially all right and different basic. Would you do me a favor and end the stream and what up - Shawn Oh? What up Shawn all right, Shawn stinks on Twitch? Is it over now you know. Is it still on [Music] [Applause].