Look who's back again, this guy and his wife, a couple of people just sitting at a table talking about also known as a podcast, the a podcast guy. Today's episode is sponsored by Mint mobile, Felix, gray, hems and Robin Hood god bless them and God bless you. Yes, you watching right! Now me no Dan Dan bless you too Dan bless everybody I'm blessing the world thanks, dude dan was watching back. No, that's how everyone felt, though touching phones here, Dan bless. You guys give us a ring at eight. Oh eight, hot meme, one lucky caller will get a chance to play. Know your meme! That's right, so special to win a brand-new Samsung, Galaxy S. Nine! Compliments of Samsung featuring run for the cube. Yes run for the cube. The legendary green loved candy surgeon hit me with some of those sound effects. Would you let's pipe refresh their memory? If we could that's great excellent next week on Wednesday, we've got the two legends with us: Tom Segura and Christina P they're back on Wednesday, the 7th at 4 p.m. guess. What's also back the suggestions thread on our subreddit. If you have questions for those two lovely people leave him there and excited to announce. Bill works the incredible YouTube legend. He is a YouTube legend he's doing he's on an island in a sense he's creating some of the best original creative content. I've seen on YouTube, not much is known about him actually, which is I'm super excited to meet him. Have him on the show? That's it a couple of weeks from now I'm very excited about that. Thank you guys, Halloween. How was your Halloween ela very boring? Yeah? We didn't even have one person knocking on door, not one what happened to Halloween when I was a kid. It was like. A block party I was telling Gila I walk I, see kids these days with little pumpkin buckets. That's cute I used to walk around with a frickin pillowcase, because I was out candy. What is currency at that age? Are you kidding me? That's like getting once for the strip joint now I could imagine because I in Israel, we don't do it so I, don't I've, never experienced it. [ __, ], I love candy! Well, you had a little taste of it because um we were walking down the street, there's nobody there. The Sun is like set it's a beautiful people have decorated, you know yeah and there's one lonesome kid with an N and yeah I'm like dude, we only saw one super long, suburban block, just one kid, and two parents and I was like that's just that's so crappy. What's going on, that is bizarre. Just one poor kid I was like I'd, be embarrassed about that kid, where's everybody. But anyway there was. You know how people when they're, not there, they bring. They have a little bucket. That says, only take one so me Neela were walking our dog and somebody was kind enough to put out one of these buckets and we took one yeah and it was a toy I. Tell you if I wasn't a joy, what candy did you get here? I'm coming beerus call me verse. I got the Milk Duds, that's that was always my favorite, the Milk Duds a starburst person, oh yeah, but as I as I get older and I eat. Milk Duds I realize not good I. Like the flavor, but it's such a schlep to put those down as the caramel just gets everywhere, as the key don't give a [ __ ] that you eat those like aspirin. When I was a kid Reese's Cups that that was like that's the Bitcoin mmm, the one candy there would always be like you'd get this huge pillowcase and then over the course of a month. You would have like whatever eat. Everything have little kitty diabetes and then all the shitty candies would be left that you don't like yeah. So the ones that I that were always left for me were nerds hate, nerds, oh dude, hate, nerds, they're, the sour little oh I like pebbles hate, nerds, they're, so lame. But that's what I'm saying yeah you would you would broke, you would broker the shitty candy with other people be like you want some nerds and they'd be like you want Milk, Duds and I'm like now. This is this is like a little lesson in world trade. You know what I mean it's a beautiful thing, so this suckers, like these little shitty suckers you get in doctors office like give me a break. You know these there's [ __ ] in this planet that are giving out like I. Remember someone giving up pennies pennies pennies. What and I remember people I can't got like fruit and I'm, like oh cool, for you, dude you're, doing a little protest against candy on Halloween, but in life, but I love, Halloween. Sadly, I don't know in LA. You just have to know where to go. I don't know I guess our neighborhood was literally empty yeah, that's not the same thing, not even an exaggeration. It was actually empty, but I hope you all had a wonderful blessed, Halloween full of spooks and streets. Mm-Hmm I've got some great Halloween footage to share with you guys at the top of this beautiful Friday afternoon. I just remembered I did want to give a shredder update. Oh shut her up, I, see a lot of people still think that he eats poop. Oh, no, no, no I just wanted cuz I, see it sometimes yeah I, just wanna say stop doing that. He's a good boy! Now he's a sweet ain't. No, like he's a big boy. He doesn't need to I, don't want to misrepresent shredder, no he's not a [ __ ] eater. He hasn't eaten [, __, ] and I know he doesn't do it anymore. One day he was like hey. You know what I'm gonna groaning I'm gonna stop eating [ __ ] and wasn't that a great day for all of us, because sometimes he'd come and lick you right in the mouth and you feel like you, yeah dude, cute and also I can taste [ __ ] you just ate [ __ ] like Korean, oh I love you anyway, that's kind of what parenthood is right. Probably you just [ __ ], my mouth and I love you so I. We spoke about these gracious people that leave the buckets of candy in the front yard. That says only take one but, as you may or may not know, as Halloween is new to you, there's always some piece of crap that dumps the whole freakin bucket out into their pillowcase and it just it's not right. It's not right, but here now I've got some clips of my favorite that I found of this year. These are all fresh of parents getting in on the good spirit of Halloween no gala take. We are about to have a kid so notice on the good parenting now I want to show I want to point something out this sweetheart. Take it one go on exactly the kid has a sweet, pure heart. He reads the sign and he says I'll only take one I'm, a sweet, pure soul, but life. This is what happens when life gets to you. You become this lady and here's. What happens? Not not clean the bucket she's scooping it like it's. Her life depends on it and the poor kid like that's the example that he has to follow. I know it breaks my heart because he was a sweet kid. It's like it's just candy, lady. What we're saying like? No, let's see I'm sacred, the kid is saying: mommy come on yeah, oh man that breaks my heart. It said mommy come on. You can only take one good, what a sweet soul. What do you mean? What's the candy? It's just candy, it's not insulin, you know what I mean. What are they? You know this kid like this kids? Not it doesn't have a good shot coming up right, but he has a pure heart, yeah and I love that for him, when your eight-year-old has a better moral compass than you also don't people under like I always see videos of people stealing packages from front doors like you know that everybody has like ring now we're all watch. Some people gonna catch up yet yeah we're watching. So there you go. You know stealing it like her life depends on it. I saw one comment on the video that said: what are the chances? The kid sees any of it that candy yeah I'm wondering too cuz. It is it for her. Why would you just buy candy? You can get so much candy for like $1 at Ralph's yeah. Also, sales, the next day are freaking nuts, so here's a family that ransac scible little uh pick me up on this Friday afternoon. Ring.Com ball hitter, yes, sir, but it's like yeah, it's not a riot. There's, not flooding. There's not a zombie apocalypse, [ __ ]! That's a come on. Let's go you don't rob people on him any other day. That's what you're doing you're robbing you know! Go you'll, see what happen they left a little girl and she's. They open the door. They left the little girl, - yeah I, missed that great parents yeah. You know take note, because we have a lot to learn about parenting, I can't wait to ransacks and and then finally, the theme of Halloween. This one is old and the theme of you know dressing up in a costume. These guys were promoting a musical and Ninja Turtles musical and they started talking about wanting to bank April and there's like all these kids there who are like Turtles mega fans and I, was just blown away by this clip. It's a train on April. That's not canon that is not part of the Ninja Turtles lore. Hey April, you wanna you wanna interspecies relationship with all four of us, too bad. She can't hold her breath long enough. I'm gonna drown her in jizz. Well, because the turtles aren't in water. They don't you know they walk around the earth. Didn't they mean that they stink. She says they can't hold her breath long enough. I assume he means, because turtles are water creatures, I thought they mean cuz. They think. Why would that? Why would she need to be underwater for? Because they stink not to hold her breath? Uh I, don't necessarily understand the implication, but it doesn't seem right either way. I can't hold her breath long enough. I assume cuz they're drowning her and come it's a bunch of [ __ ] heavy sack Turtles here you know what I mean. Look at this look at this kids on the left. He is traumatized yeah, that is pretty badass. I love that fire I was good, but this poor kid on the Left man he's. No kid should see hey because you know every kid has a have: a crush on April, because she's kind of a hot cartoon character and he probably wants to [ __ ] April and now all the sudden he's got to imagine his turtle friends, [ __ ] blocking him me: - moaning, Donatello, yeah -, the kids cut -, the kids dramatize yeah. He looks like an adult just like damn mm-hmm Donatello did you wanna, say something I'll see you report it's hard for me not to analyze and a good thing about these guys. Is it there have huge turtle, [ __ ]. They may be turtles, but they're hung like a horse. So there you go happy Halloween, everybody I am feeling better by the way. Thank you for asking still have a kofta, it's just brutal, but let's talk about eeeh who's, pregnant mm-hmm. How are you feeling I feel? Okay, no morning sickness, no you're gaining weight. Mm-Hmm, wait! I'm, not fitting in my pants already and didn't you I have to say this. You got [ __, ], bad eyes, I have to say it good. Why do you have to say Katie's got [ __ ]? Not yes, okay, that's not good! There! All right the same! We're talking about being pregnant! You know I'm, just I'm just noticing the changes that are happening here. Buddy we got our first ultrasound. We sign the baby. Your thickening up is my point like yeah. It's you've get how much weight have you gained since we found out like five or six pounds. It's pretty amazing! Something that no you look. Did you look amaze, a you look so beautiful! So radiant, you look amazing. You are like I'm telling you you're, free, even like - I, think it's amazing that you're pregnant yeah, and so we saw we saw the little pipsqueak because we did an ultrasound, and here I got a video for you. It's such a trap to me yeah that you can see the heartbeat in this whole [ __, ] guy this little [ __ ] and the doctor said he looks like a gummy bear yeah he's a little gummy bear yeah. He I don't know, but you see the heartbeat right here here. Let me pull screaming. Look at that thing, man that's inside, and it's like moving yeah he's swimming around his legs are wiggling and [ __ ], that's so crazy. So this is the head and the body and the arms and legs are starting to form and he's got a little heartbeat I'm. Go that little guy's cooking up in your stomach. It's so weird! How does it feel like that? There's like a life growing in you and so weird, because I don't feel it you don't but like you know that it's there yeah it's crazy. It's pretty magical, I! Guess I, don't know it's like yeah what we're meant to do, but it's so insane. It's interesting how we're so removed from nature in a way yeah that we find like birth to be so magical. But it is magical yeah. It's really something I, just [ __ ] it we just did it. You know what I mean and now there's a little heartbeat inside you I'm are we've run the danger of gushing over our kids and nobody cares. I'm ready gushing over this little because I saw people um asking for the baby updates right. So I guess let us know because I know I hate hearing about other people's kids and I and I was like everybody does, and it's like because you don't you know, that's true I, never understood how special it feels yeah and so I. Don't know. If we're already running that danger, it's like ultra sounds like I, already loved that little gummy bear look at him. He's a crush. His heartbeat is so strong. His heartbeat is so strong what they say in the DNA test at super athlete's body. It is super athlete heartbeat I'm telling you he's gonna be President someday I want to wish I, wouldn't wish. Being president on my worst enemy talk about the worst job of the road. I didn't write there, it is man, ela is doing great dude. You are doing great. You get a little tired, sometimes I get really tired and I I get pretty hungry and then I'll eat and then I'm like dead I'm, ready to sleep. So I'm kind of like a baby like I'm eating sleeping you have a life force, cutting your energy out. You have a foreign you're, a host and I do have cravings for people who were wondering if it's true or not. It's like all of a sudden I really feel like eating something mac and cheese. This morning or I'll really not feel like getting something Mexican food yeah, it's so weird, he looks like I, don't want Mexican food, any more I'm like Jews, really I love it! It's like! Oh wait. This morning, she's like Ethan, you need to make Matt contribute. I was like it's like, oh I was walking straighter and all of a sudden I'm like mac and cheese. That's what I mean, but the interesting thing is about the cravings. Is that I wonder if there's really some actual science behind it? Well, I think there is because there was one week where all of a sudden every night I wanted Adam mommy I, don't know where yeah it's a soy bean and it's I think it's really good for you too so and now I'm completely over it. I don't touch it. Interestingly, that was before we knew you were pregnant, but I was yeah. I, don't know but, like you were craving mac and cheese and I, wonder if you needed like calcium and the vitamins and all this dairy and stuff awesome and butter and cheese fat, lots of fat yeah. You know very cool man very exciting stuff. You know, but I have so much appreciation. I really do now that you are raising this child in your stomach and you're gonna. Give birth to this child I'm, really afraid of that. All guys have to do is nut. There's nothing easier in the world than nothing. I. Think I'll be okay until like the fifth month or something, but then things started to get hard. I'm scared, that's Carol! Over that part. I know you're scared, but I'm excited and I, because I know it's gonna be fine and I know you're gonna be great and I can't wait to see the transformation and everything and all the changes and, like you growing, it's gonna, be so wild, but I understand you're scared. It is scary. I would be scared too. If it was me yeah, but I know, everything's gonna be great and I'm. Looking at like maternity clothes and it's so not my style, there's got to be hit. Oh no! What am I gonna wear I already don't fit in my clothes, yeah I, wonder if there's any Gucci maternity pants, we can get you all swag down and we started looking at baby clothes. We bought some baby clothes for our friends and they're, like so freakin cool and obviously way more affordable, but then like adult clothes, yeah and I was like oh I, understand why you have multiple kids. It's like I'm, not gonna. Let this sick clothes go to waste. Some have another kid. Just so I can put them in this dope. Ass clothes again. You know yeah yeah, but I swear to god, I'm, just like I'm gushing over elated. It's just amazing I'm, not doing anything. No! It's amazing I, sheer so cool. No, it's amazing seriously something else man. So there you go, there's a baby update for you. Let us know if it's too much yeah, you know feel over it. Stop with the baby. Talk I get it he's got a heartbeat. All babies have are pee. No, but not all. Babies have a heartbeat like that one. Do they all look like a gummy bear no, by the way that heartbeat is like a sick. I could tell he's, got like rhythm and soul to like this guy, the artistic passionate he's empathetic boy, you're, a warrior, basically Gandhi mix, weather um every tell the best things you can imagine boom right there presented with the opportunity to steal a bunch of candy. He would take one politely and say to no daddy. Let's forget off this, no I'm pushing it to him. As the title of the episode indicates, post Malone is under fire by the media. Now let me preface this by saying that post Malone has become so popular, so successful. This year has been incredible. I read something that um. He has been the most streamed and the most popular musician of this entire year. He has the biggest musician in the world 2018, or maybe the United States I, don't know, but like combined with his first album, his first album you guys broke Michael, Jackson's Thriller, that's a great record for being on, like the top 10 Billboard for the longest consecutive weeks. Okay, do we have no internet? Oh I have internet, you know, I, think so. Dan I have internet Oh No thank God. We have a backup system for this yeah anyway, so post Malone has been wildly successful and I would say he has critics, but from the fans and the people that consume his music, he always beloved. He always had gotten a lot of [ __ ] yeah he's gotten a lot of [ __ ], but the people who give him [ __ ] are kind of like these old guards. You know these, these you know yeah, but the fans, the consumers he's below yeah because he's such a great personality he's such a chill dude. He, you know he's just a great guy. There's there's no question about that and she never claimed to want to make anything more than just some good music right exactly and this article is exactly that's. The problem apparently well the problem that this author seems to heaven. This is in Washington Post. So this is a big reputable. This was shared with me by a lot of people, so I think a lot of eyeballs fell in this article. The problem he seems to have is that he's not woke enough of some sorts or he sees post Mon success as symptomatic of all the problems in the world, and he makes all these grand comparisons to like conservative movement. It's very political yeah. He makes comparisons to him being like Donald Trump. The fact that he's setting you didn't vote somehow like now. We all need to judge him right that he's pro-gun or like an epochal Icke, a doomsday or whatever you want to call it. It's all. You know used to paint this picture that he's some sleeper conservative, alt-right, troll I, think is kind somewhat. They temper yeah this tone for sure. There's not really any proof to support that, so they kind of try to build this case using things that aren't really direct right yeah. So they don't really come out and say it, but um and the thing about Austin that I know is that he's never tried to do or be anything he's just making music that he likes. Sakhalin, but from styles that he likes and everybody it's like if you don't like his music, if you don't like it's such I, don't know I just that the thing about this article like it's, it's interesting and it's worthy of analysis of like who he is, and why he's popular now, but it's so mean-spirited. It's so mean yeah, maybe should read something from the beginning. Well, let me show you first of all, let me pop this open. The video is so obnoxious, okay, let's start with this post alone, you think you know, but you have no idea. Also, the title is post. Malone is the perfect pop star of this American moment and that's not a compliment sounds like one got. Him sounds like a nice I mean. Why don't you just say what you want to say that yeah, because she, the author he or she Jeff Weiss- is trying to make this point of like he's perfect because of Donald Trump and everything- and this is wise, mm-hmm, let's wash his face, thanks for having your just so likable and I really am interested in your story. You might know post Malone as the SoundCloud rapper, who went triple platinum for his debut track. White Iverson. You might know him as the genre-bending artist combining country, but did you know that he also raped babies? No okay or you may not know him at all, but you should malone is huge for context. His album Stoney beat out Michael Jackson's Thriller for most weeks. In top ten on the top R&amp;B surprise you, and in fact this talentless hack, naturally dethrone Michael Jackson. You understand the artist a bit better barn, Austin Richard post. He became post Malone the same way. Donald Glover became childish gambino through a rap name. Generator' Malone wasn't always focused on the music, is very eerie in any meaning. It's like crunching the numbers. A little [ __ ] spooky little something's wrong. Here he learned how to play guitar by and playing guitar hero. I started playing the guitar because of the controller in my I says. Let me do the real thing: they're part of a heavy metal band, he credits, Bob Dylan as one of his major influences execs at his record company Republic Records have described Malone as the Donald Trump of hip-hop, because quote things that should have killed his career only made him bigger, so here they're trying to make an unjustified parallel between him and Trump things that should have killed him only made him better. I didn't know what they're talking about. This was one dudes quo, but they're, just even just by being like post Malone, Donald Trump, even though they say it again in another country, so like they're kind of almost subconsciously in a way being like he is Donald Trump and he supports Donald Trump and he you know they make it like. Everything's got to be political, they likes guns yeah, it's like if you're a liberal, they say like if you're a liberal and you believe in resisting Donald Trump, then you should hate post, Malone yeah and it's like. No, it's got nothing to do with politics. 2016. He said he'd considered playing president Donald Trump's inauguration fast Wow, that's pretty much like in 2016, I, don't even know I guess you yeah. What did he know about Trump back down like no, but also if a president asked you to play the inauguration, he was by the way in 2016 his first album hadn't even come out it yeah. He wasn't a megastar. Every word he said. Wasn't dissected didn't seem like a play. Somebody asked him he's like I'd play there like beats a game. You know it's like goddamn, Trump I didn't vote. Oh he didn't ball. No vote is a vote for Trump he's not woke enough. How is that damning he's [ __ ]? Also by the way this interview took place when he was like 21 he's 23 now mm-hmm, why political, making a political stand? Hmm I, don't count. Malone is a second amento comment by the way they're just like watch this and then they go into he likes goes yeah. Oh, we got mention here top comment watching this h3 vid right now. That's when people used to like us. Those were the days, a large collection of guns, a personal front, he's friends with Justin Bieber and is even open for him on to her. Ah, did somebody say: Justin Bieber, do you know he's Canadian? Did you know the baby's in the ass I? Don't know he does not do that. But what is that? What is that like? What what I don't know somehow they're, turning everything into like an having a negative tone, even though they're just saying like did you know that he's his accomplishments? He opened for Justin Bieber tour, exactly showing him on Jimmy Fallon. Like that's the problem. Somehow do you know that? Did you know that he has tattoos on his face, often associated with criminal gangs? It was it true that, like Justin, Bieber talked you into getting a tattoo yeah. Well I figured because I we were working on Stoney and then we had a tattoo artist come too and then I was just like. You know what Justin Bieber's got some tats and I love you, but I know I'm way tougher than you. Why would they show that he's kidding he's obviously kidding but like what? So what he's even cut it off before the laughter of the audience? I just don't understand. This is the video. This is the kind of preface this tone. This is the tone it's like dude. What so pointless this video is entitled. You think you know, but you have no idea. So what did I learn? He likes gun. He didn't vote he's friends with Justin Bieber Wow. Let's send this guy to prison. Okay! Well, now, let's get on with this just weird to see such a like. That's a hate base right as much it's like as much of a hippies as you can make without being like so obvious about it. Is they constructed in a way that people who are sympathetic to them? Don't see right? So we see right through it exactly, but it's very cuz of normal Washington Post. All these he's a liberal, a liberal leaning paper and but he's like a reputable one. Oh yeah, Washington Post is like on par with New York Times I mean it's one of the most famous newspapers in the world actually owned by you boy, Jeff Bezos mmm-hmm, by Amazon, but this is an op-ed. This is not like I, don't yeah I just probably got a lot of traction though I'm gonna have use or anything but um. You know what I'm gonna read this article it's time for a break, so do not go away. We're gonna dive right into this and mount a defense of our good friend sweet angel post Malone on this blessed Friday, see you guys soon. Big wireless doesn't want you to know that. There's a way to cut your wireless bill down to just fifteen dollars a month, introducing the disrupter mint mobile, I, love these guys so much and what they're doing? Okay, these guys are changing the game. They are everything that's wrong with wireless providers cell phone providers. We are talking about saving thousands of dollars every year without sacrificing quality of service. Mint mobile changes, the freakin game. They bent mail, your SIM card, you pop it in boom. You are good to go. There's a little guy and they're changing the game. Nimbo will takes it so easy to cut your wireless bill down to just fifteen dollars a month. You use your own phone with any mint mobile plan. You can keep your old number along with all your existing context. You choose between 2 5 and 10 gigabyte, L 4G LTE plans, no more paying for unlimited data that you'll never use. Every plan comes with unlimited talk and text, and if you're not 100%, satisfied mint mobile, has you covered with their 7 day? Money-Back guarantee? Do you got nothing to lose, give them a shot. Ditch your old wireless bill and start saving. Today with me mobile to get your new wireless plan for just $15 a month, plus free shipping on your mobile SIM card, go to mint mobile comm, slash H Street, that is mint mobile.com, slash, h3, cut your wireless bill to $15 a month and get free shipping on your mint Mobile SIM card at mint mobile comm, slash, h3, I'm telling you this is changing the game, it's just as good. They all use the same network. These guys are just hooking it up. You don't have to pay $100 a month anymore, mint mobile, comm, slash, h3, there's a lot of debate about whether, if you're sitting in front of video games and computer screens can actually damage your eyes and I'm sad to say that research is starting to show that the blue light coming from screens can kill you no I'm kidding. They do not necessarily will kill you, but it can give you discomfort, dry eyes, blurry vision or headaches. The discomfort is real from sitting in front of screens, and now the technology exists that you can keep your eyes fresh with a pair of felix, great glasses, available with or without prescriptions. Let me tell you about this: sweet little babies felix great some of the likes say they filter out 90% of high-energy blue light and eliminate the glare coming off all the screens. So you can be the ultimate gamer broccoli assassin that I know resides in each of your souls. Usually, it seems like a hassle to have to protect your eyes and that's why most of us don't do it, but feliz de grasses aren't easy fix, get pop them on. You can feel your eyes relax and even as the action ramps up on screen your phone, the action guess what your eyes are chilling behind these beautiful blue light, filtering fields, great glasses and here's what's great about Felix grey glasses, they filter blue light without the yellow lens tint, they are hand crafted from premium Italian acetate. That's right! Do you hear how fancy that word is acetate from italia? In fact, it's pretty stylish, too yeah Felix red glasses are available in non prescription, prescription and reader versions. You got it all folks. Here we go take down your competition with the help of some Felix Grey's, go to Felix great glasses, comm /h through protect your eyes to date with free shipping free returns, you got nothing to lose. That's Felix, great glasses, dot-com, /hd, Felix, gray, glasses, comm, /h, 3, listen! Some of you are losing your hair. I know it sucks. Alright, here's the solution for hems, calm, /h 3! That's it these guys, specialize and keeping your dang hair before it falls out. Ok, because, let's face it you're in the shower and your and I you know yeah this hair coming out of your head. It's gotta, be it's scared. It's free! It's freaky! Let's face it, get on over to 4 hips, calm, /h 3, and let's do something about it, because with science, you don't have to watch your hair flow down the drain like a scene from psycho. Ok, let's, let's avoid that. Here's the deal they've got well known generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions, to keep your hair. This is the real deal prescription, solutions that are backed by science. There's no waiting room, no awkward, in-person doctor visits, you're gonna save hours by going to 4 hems com, it's easy as it can possibly bleep the answer die I'm. Speaking from all over the place answer a few quick questions. Doctors will review and prescribe you. Products are shipped directly to your door. Ok or right. Now my listeners get a trial month of hymns for just 5 dollars today, while supplies last see the website for full details, this will cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or pharmacy and who's got time for that anyway, when you can just go to for him, calm, /h 3, that's fo, r, hims, calm, /h, 3 forms a calms, Larry Robin Hood is an incredible place to learn how to trade and to trade stocks and even kryptos ETFs options. They've got it all, and here's the best part about Robin Hood, which makes him Robin Hood commission-free. That's why? If you're a beginner or even a pro, it's a great place to come trade and it's a great place to come, learn how to trade. Because it's a lot of people, it's like speaking Greek as Shakespeare once famously wrote. Probably it was him other brokers charge up to $10.00 for every trade, but Robin Hood doesn't charge a fee. Okay, that adds up folks. It's designed to be easy to use and understand. They show you charts and market data place a trade in just four taps on your smartphone robin hood's web platform. Also lets you view stocks collections like 100, most popular entertainment, social media, curated categories like female CEOs, which I am fully diversified in and analyst ratings of by hold cell for every frickin stock. It's the perfect place to learn to trade, learn how to invest as you build your portfolio discover new stocks and track favorite companies with personalized news feeds custom notifications for price movements. So you never miss the right moment to invest guys and hear their offer is out of this world. Robin Hood is giving listeners one free stock like Apple, Ford or sprint to help build your portfolio boom. One free stock, that's cheddar cheese and the fricken, and the guac did that's guac and cheddar in your bowl sign up at h3, podcast dot, Robin Hood dot-com, that's h3, podcast, dot, Robin, Hood dot-com get started today. Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast live! Thank you all for sticking around back to the article I. Don't understand this. They start by saying Dallas him. What does that mean him? Well, regardless the most popular young artists and the most unpopular young nation is a rhinestone cowboy who looks like he crawled out of a primordial swamp of nacho cheese I'll hand that, to him that's pretty funny, but post no mean well. Okay, he's making fun. He says he looks like he's a little sticky. People have said that a lot about him, I can tell you he doesn't stink, but regardless here it goes on this. When it gets mean post Malone is a Halloween rental, a removable, Platinum grill cubic zirconium proposal on the jumbo screen of a last-place team and get mileage out of that English degree. I know he's like that by the way did I go. Mention I went to college his music, one of the shallowest, bastardization zuv rap to date, and I do not say that lightly I take it from mr. Wein know what you would use. Basically him saying: I hate everybody. Why is German for white I was literally Jeff white? Yes, Dan he's an authority Authority on rap on the rap music. Your last names a white dude mind your own business Dan said that not me I, don't think I don't see race as the creative tension of associates at a downtown dude. Stop with the analogy. Has the creative tension of associates at a downtown law firm complaining that $150,000 a year just doesn't cut it. What are you talking about? He looks like he clubbed over that. He looks like he's clubbed over the head by cartoon peacock. He just turned 23, so panic all right, dude, this guy's, so bitter he's. So you could. You could taste his bitter and next America I just can't get enough mm-hmm and somehow that's an insult so well yeah, because in his mind the only reason that America get could like this guy, who he who went to college and is so in tune with the hip-hop and knows what's good. The only reason. The only way that America could like him is. If you know the world was just upside down enough, that it's kind of like Donald Trump did we mention and possibly Nielsen recently named, the suburban Dallas raised rapper 2018, the most popular musician. So it's only a matter of time before Malone had his own festival, a contemporary rite of passage for nearly every major pop rap star, who has his face. Plastered across modifies, get turnt to playlist, well, I'm sure he's on other playlists and get turnt more like most popular songs, about that one [ __ ] get turnt the inaugural postie fest was held Sunday night and allyce's Dos Equis pavilion watch the like, oh and did it have to be on a beer, a plate? You say, and it was a less a festival than a behemoth. What is SAE, do you know what that is dan rush, mixer held on a few acres of corporate branded concrete many festivals pride themselves on offering non-musical diversity diversions, such as art installations or novelty, culinary options that sounds awful. There were none of that here, though. Just $5 jello shots, that's exactly what I want when I go to a show, a novelty, culinary option: I think the sae is a reference to a frat by the way, so he's just saying, like okay, like a frat party, I, think he's confusing a concert with a farmers market. The shot that concerts that I usually go to remind me of Calabasas farmers market. There were a little too sir. There were a little separated from a regular post. One concert other than the big-name opening acts and True Religion sponsored post, Malone, Ben dannis featuring extreme close-up of Austin post itself, glaze squinting as ever. What is wrong with having a festival? That's him plus other big artists is at the point it's his first festival. You know it's not that easy to put together you crazy through that together so I know he was working on a while I, don't know what he's comparing it to, but maybe in five years it would get crazier. You know he's like honestly compared to Lollapalooza this thing sucks. There was no novelty arts and crafts stations. This should have ostensibly been a coronation. His unequivocal ascension to the a-list pop superstardom of mono named visionaries, dude stop. There are artists who dictate the zeitgeist and those who reflect it. Post one is decided to lead the latter, an avatar of algorithm culture that rewards pleasant banality over the creatively. Vexing mmm I need to oh when I'm listening to music I want to be vexed. I want to be confused. Oh it's like you're, trying to figure it out. It's like Oh. What does it mean? This guy needs to be thinking all the time. Sorry about my cough guys, I'm still getting over this illness when his own festival miss hometown. He had the opportunity to lucidly state his mission and values. Instead, he revealed himself to be Jack Johnson of the 808 and naked Lee grafted hip hop's, like I love that he's like running for office. Okay, guys, here's what I believe eirick he didn't, reject Trump and tell everybody to vote. You know what I mean that's kind of what he's saying right. He had the opportunity to state his mission and values. Mm-Hmm like I feel like that's. What he's right he's like, unlike jay-z and Beyonce, who say they hate Trump and urge everyone to vote. He didn't actually want to say that, but that you know what the thing is that is kind of. Why he's popular and I'll tell you why? Because young kids, they may already have their mind up and they may be politically motivated, but this article is part of the problem in that it politicizes everything yeah and post. One is decidedly unpolitical. He said even two years ago he doesn't vote and he's a young guy. Okay. First of all, but like you it's nice, it is nice to separate politics from some [ __ ] things yeah, because it's literally everywhere, you know what I mean you don't need to be preached to all the effing time and is doing it as a decision. That's what he that's what he wants, and people like it yeah cause he's trying to have fun, because the point is that he's trying to have fun and that's his personality. When you hang out with I mean you know, you don't have a political conversation. Well, this is just yeah but ela. You basically today, right now on this live podcast, have the opportunity to lucidly state your mission and values. So what do you believe in ela? Or are you just a naked grifting hip-hop slag slag slang by 9:30 p.m. chants of post e filled the app amplitude er 15 year old, blonde girls and Daisy dude this guy? Was there the whole time I? Guess he was there taking every minute like these yeah. You know these youtubers they've got a Jake Falcone yeah, although those guys are at least having fun giving away this guy's like back there with a notepad like look at all these young kids having a good time. He didn't even state his values. He didn't even give us his mission statement. Ours values, he didn't even tell me to vote postponed, did not once tell me to vote. You know who this guy has no friends by the way. Maybe he does but they're all like I have a feeling when their they have dinner parties in for dessert. They all lay in a circle nose to ass and fart in each others face it's like a cynic like okay, you guys ready for dessert. Let's all get in a circle, and then you put your nose right in your your partner's ass and then you fart dinner back into each other's face because they like the smell of their own farts as the joke. Arrogant, is what I'm trying to say by nine-thirty chance of toast he filled the amplitude her 15 year old, blonde girls in daisy, dukes and champagnes, and blunts shirts shrieked, as if postponed, were next to the lineage of Backstreet Boys girls, that I wanted to [ __ ], but sadly will never have the opportunity, the Jonas, Brothers or One Direction. The main difference this time is that they honored their hero with matching temporary, face tattoos barbed wire on the forehead, a knife like crucifix on the cheek and his trademark phrase, inked and cursive stay away and rest easy. Temporary faces. Yeah I know bunch of gang members with their faces that rose in Troy Incan jerseys and beer bong Bentley March merch grunted, with Semien Glee 20,000 people rocketed up stood on their seats. For a brief moment, there was the palatable fear of being stampeded to death at postman concert, which of course requires the deceased to be buried in a race car shaped coffin, wrapped in the Rockstar Energy Drink logo. Dude. Are you trying to be funny? 3 mm song served as his intro? Oh I, love that they make this about race watch, presumably a tacit nod to his fandom, but also a heavy-handed reminder that postman was the most popular white guy in hip-hop, since Marshall Mathers, who the [ __ ] criticizes. Uh mmm at the moment when the hysteria seemed in danger of waning post Malone took the stage to deafening cheers, scorching jet flames and billowing clouds of smoke like a Groupon version of a KISS concert in 1975, a Groupon version, first of all, roof on there's no Groupon version you when you get Groupon you go see, you can't get a disco. You got a disc, you see kiss your analogies are all twisted buddy. You should have said a dollar store version yeah, because Groupon gets you into the show. That was a weird one. You know what get them! Why me? Maybe you need to go back and finish the degree big shot, Groupon version sipping from a Red Solo Cup. He soon began slurring too young mmm, it's like he's not he makes it sound like he's so drunk, he can't say anything yeah with a voice like bong water bubbling and the casual misogyny of a member of a red pill subreddit what the [ __ ] come on. So here you go a direct connection to like some all right: red, pilling yeah. It's like dude. That's in your mind, that's not! What's there I, actually can't read it cuz, he bleeped everything out and I whipped fast. My [ __ ], bad I. Guess I skirt skirt that coupe fast, my coop fast, your [ __ ]. No, my [, __, ], slow she'd! Do what I say so and she always keep me on my toes. Those lines are as good as any representing what Malone is working on a lyrical level. I have to say: if he's picking out the most misogynist, stick red pill, lyrics lyrics that ain't! That's not that persuasive, because that's gonna be a real task. To start like looking at lyrics so hip-hop yeah, yeah I mean and the truth it like Kendrick Lamar, who is applauded by all, has a great line and from his new album, where he says he's fears being judged by his work, his most bass lines you know, and if this is the best you could find, who that's not. That's, really not convincing me that he's a red pill subreddit, you know on recording sis falsetto is afforded a modest four-cylinder strength, but on stage it comes off slurred and sloppy. Switching like roadkill sweet twitching, like roadkill, limp off-key notes underscored by a booming backing track that operated like a life preserver I'm going to get effed up tonight. Who was effed up tonight? If I forget the words, because I'm too drunk help me sing along, he told the crowd. It's the same applause line that he used at Coachella. His entire setlist was essentially identical to what he played at every festival all summer, long right down to the mono sila syllabic curse, laid in between song babbling about haters and the importance of rocking breaking up. That's what caught? That's what's called a fad, pretty normal yeah smell the set dude. If you're, like he's, been doing the same thing for 10 years. That might be interesting. Yeah he's been doing the same thing all summer. That's three months: it's called a set. He tours a lot. You got to know what you know you got a set. You guys hear that the Rolling Stones played painted black at their concert. I love that post Malone dared to come out with a set when I go to festivals. After I'm done with my arts and crafts. Booth I like to enjoy spoken word, it's different every time as perform as if, as if the people coming to a show, don't want to hear the freakin classics and by the way, like I, has two albums. It's all there mmm-hmm. You know what I mean, even if his voice barely slithered past the tenth Road, it doesn't matter fans who knew every word. They were there to commune to songs such as better now his latest anthem and interchangeable heartbreak presumably made for streaming at the wahoos fish tacos LAX. What the problem isn't necessarily that it's crass, but that it's meaningless I thought he was crass, that I was a red pillar. It's not that it's stupid, but it's vacant. It's the losing difference between appropriation and outright theft whoo. So there he's actually accusing him not just of a culture appropriation which is a high charge enough, but outright theft, yeah and by the way this music is only fit for streaming at Wahoo's fish, taco kiosk at LAX. Did he get a kickback from the taco kiosk the see this guy is involved in big fish, taco kiosk money by the way I know this article upset him - because he tweeted out [ __ ], you the same day. It came out mm-hmm, which I presume was in response to this article, because you know it's like dude he's not trying to be anything he's not he's not trying to be he's, not being a fraud, he's not being a. You know, he's being authentic. So if you don't like it, I understand it's not for everybody, but it seems to bother you that everybody seems to like about you, but you have to make it seem like it's the fabric, that's tearing our country apart, and it's really not I personally find articles like this to be more damaging yeah than anything possible. Mostly I decide his fault, he's popular he's, doing what he's always done. He's making music he's likes, people liked him and they attached to him and they like what he's doing it's, not his fault, he's popular post. It's like okay, you didn't cheat his way to the top. He earned it postman's music's dead I did an ignorant astonish, link dull and it's materialism abandoned an abandoned lot of creativity with absolutely no evidence of traffic and his cerebral cortex ooh. You are so smart. You are so smart and there's also a negative side. Wait wait. This was all good, even if his intention is sincere homage the blundering. What what listen limit imitation can't help but feel like minstrel, see I'm getting out. Bourbon your be aged here weights like a minstrel, show like blackface kind of thing, mm-hmm right, while people will inevitably appropriate the most culturally relevant music genre, one that's becoming almost entring intrinsically bound to the modern comes conception of pop, but it's not asking too much to attempt modest synthesis or the incorporation of a single new idea, or at least to not be so grotesquely desolate. We went from mm to cheder Bob, shout out to cheddar Bob. If post Malone were black, he wouldn't have sold half, he simply wouldn't exist there. You have it right here from Bob, Y, sips more and more. We don't and you get the idea yeah, but I just think it's just you know it's a little dramatic. What's most what's most damning is post Malone's, bloodless abyss of soul and funk? How do you have a bloodless attempts at being emotional feel like hollow gestures that goes on and on I'm surprised, there's, not a bull's-eye on his head. You could go to post most problem post. Most problem is that he isn't a bad person or even completely untalented. Thank you. Thank you. Little tone. Elisa I'll admit this you're, not completely untalented, it's that he stands for nothing at all, I think almost in a way good for him. You know, because music doesn't need to be political yeah, not everything needs to be political, he's an entertainer, that's supposed to be an escape. He can afford to feign the swagger and cool of hip hop when it's convenient and opt out when it's time to see who's riding for the cause. It's always been a fairly straightforward compact when it comes to hip up if you're a white person eating off of what has historically been black culture. You have a certain obligation to repay that. Creative debt mmm continues to attack the hypocrisy and contradictions that allowed him to leapfrog. Equally gifted artists, that's a strong statement. Mack Laura may have lacked subtlety or rudimentary understanding of when to share text messages, but there are no questioning his dedication of confronting his white privilege, even gez repeat even g-eazy dropped out of that racist, hmm advertising campaign. So here you have it, you know. What more can you say? Yeah possible, so perfectly represents is idiotic currents that have carried us into this present cultural submersion, where an objective notion of the truth has been systematically muddied. What that's not a stretch like come on like right, Trump lies their form post Malone is popular. Facts are negotiable and any hint of criticism, be it for lacking integrity, dignity or talent can be brazenly dismissed as the pitiful cries of haters. So congratulations, I! Guess who allowed this to happen? What hole in the system allowed this Greece discarded barbecue wrapper to prosper, a fake pale King sitting on a tin, foil throne, return to sender all right, oh my god, you're, so bitter dude, I love how bitter you are who allowed this guy to write pitchfork he's like here's, my English degree and here's a list of all the I couldn't believe how many it was when I was reading it like that's. What articles are I feel like there's. You know I feel like there's a point to be made here: I'm not agreeing with it but I understand if somebody wants to but like to make a point, but but myself, but to be so mean and comment made into an article right. It's like a elegant, YouTube comment. You can make the point that, like pop music is vacuum, but one you wouldn't be the first person to make point by a long shot and -. It's not like he's even like the biggest example of that I mean you know, he's comparing like he compares him post unfavorably to one direction and like Backstreet Boys, it's like that was just as vacuum, like their lyrics. Aren't [ __ ], deep. What the [ __ ] you talking about, hit me baby, one more right: the music they're like [ __, ], fully bright at least he's a songwriter. Exactly I'll admit he has some he's not without Talent I, don't know the guy's just a dick. He just feels lighter and people who don't know anything about him. Read this, and but you know what that's that's, that's part of the game. The bigger you get yeah, it's part of the game, but the good news for postman long is that he's got a lot of love and a lot of fans, and it's funny you say that because if you compare him to his contemporaries, in my opinion, his music is a cut above, it is more, it's nicer, it's better I think yeah. Whenever we play like a random playlist of like top top hits or whatever well, I can't stand most of them. Yeah I agree, I mean again he makes it seem like he owes a debt to hip-hop and again that's a whole theoretical debate. I don't know, but but also what, if you're gonna talk about that his genre is not exactly him exactly he's, not really a rap merger, he does not have he doesn't what actually he doesn't rap yeah. He doesn't rap, he said even in the video they say his biggest inspirations, Bob Dylan yeah I mean he's closer to rock and roll than he is like hip-hop rap or like R&amp;B, maybe on him, but he doesn't anyway whatever so there you go. I read that and I was like. Damn this is a dick yeah and he's wrong, and the thing is he's so desperate to make it political, because most malone doesn't he's just not a political guy and they hate that. So, if anything you're the problem, buddy mm-hmm, how many musicians are political I mean there's a lot a lot. Art I mean a lot a lot. Aren't a lot of them are apolitical. A lot of them just want to stay out of it. Well, the problem is that he's poses with guns spooky and he's from Texas extra spooky. So, like a lot, do speak, but it's part of this whole. You know it's so obnoxious, man like let people be a political yeah. He can be on standing problem with that. Just let him be like you, don't have to drag everybody into the fight. If he doesn't care about politics, does he have to force it like? No, as a young guy too, like he's focused on music he's not reading about maybe later in his life yeah, he would care. Maybe he was exactly no one needs to force it and, like he likes guns like again, you can be on either side of the spectrum and be pro that doesn't mean he's not in favor of sensible gun laws. I, don't know what his political stance on that is what way or the other. But it's like. Let don't let people be unpolitical, maybe he votes, and maybe he cares about politics, but like just [, __ ], just the people that listen to him want to chill anyway spoke enough about that love, only love to my boy, post Malone and he doesn't smell. He doesn't stink for the record. He does not stink. I want to clear that up. Let's clear the air well I haven't smelled him. There's no smell man put his mitten his nose to his neck. It's a good thing: I took a go. X was good, yeah dance. He hasn't washed his nose since all right, so guys, it's time to play, know your meme. That's right. The biggest game on in the world. The biggest game in the world know you're me. Yes, today's guest is the old. The legendary run for the cube we've got him, he's recorded 8 different phrases for our lucky caller and they have to guess what he said. Okay, they got to get five out of the eight correct to win a brand-new Samsung, Galaxy, S, nine, plus a retail value of $1,000 for our lucky caller. So, let's get started here, we go, we've got Chancellor on the line. Chancellor are you there, hello you're on the air? Oh yeah Chancellor? Are you feeling lucky today? Are you familiar with run the cube run for the cute yeah I'm feeling lucky pimp? Yes, Chancellor I love to hear now. Tell me about yourself: where are you calling from well I'm in Tyler Texas? All right, and do you think you know what I was gonna make a post Malone? But let's not get political here all right, I like post, be going yeah, no I like most you too, but I think I just talked about it for like now tell me tell me: uh, have you watched a lot of run for the cube? Videos are familiar with his style, his delivery. Well, without you guys this video like four years ago, I would never have known about a special I've seen a little bit of him, but let me, actually, you know, familiarize our audience with run for the cube really fast. For those who are oh wow, this one has 13 million views Wow, so he only shows this again coming around. That's right, that's his classic. He only shows his hands green surgical clubs and he takes a scalpel and tweezers and dice X them as if they were living creatures, and he, the agents of his voice indicates that he has some sadistic pleasure in it. Let's see, we have AG lime, peel, a peach, ragout Mike and I love a sex, a strong obsess with eyeballs brain surgery. So there you have it. That is run for the cube, as I said, run from the cube is more more accurate in some cases. But what that being said, Chancellor, are you ready to play? Yes, I'm ready all right hit me with the tension, let's start from the top? No, what is he saying here we go. Are you mine? Are you yes there? What did you hear? Do I have options or you? What do you think I'll play one more time plan on options. The thing is: if I give you multiple choice, that'll be too obvious. The guys speak in English I'll play Chancellor I'm gonna play for you one more time. Okay, okay! Here we go listen closely. Alright. What did you hear? Chancellor? Oh my gosh, gibberish I thought he said something about. Are you crying at the beginning of kalbi person? Is your hint [Music], chancellor, coming on the board? Strong? Of course, hey hey come on together. Okay, we got to navigate this guy. Now, let's move it on to round 2. Are you ready, hmm I'm, ready as I'll ever be all right? Here we go Chancellor. Well, he said yes, newbies [ __ ], how you w-well Ethan? Yes, yes, yes, yes! What did you hear any words I think I heard eat then in there hmm here, I'll give you an end: Michelle, Obama, okay and that doesn't yeah Wow Ethan great man. You want to play it again because I'm, okay, yeah I, see it written so yeah, maybe I know. Maybe it maybe yeah yeah it's one of those like optical illusions, where, if you see it and then you hear it like the yeah, the one that was anyways well here, we go because I thought those two were going to be easy and this one freebies alright. Well, you got to close. No, you only need to get three more right, so you've got all the chances okay. What do you got here? I'm here in my garage just bought my new Lamborghini you're understanding you're entering the cube yeah getting put on you? Yes, guys. All of us do run for the cube and get I hope you have your green surgical, gloves on and your scalp all ready, because we are moving on [Music], that's a tough. Is it can I, get it one more time or the hands or something I think I might have something. But well what do you think him well I heard a lighter I love it I, like it mm-hmm, and where does that lead you there was more I thought. That's all. He said there were three words: okay and there's a few with it one more time there you go three words: I love. Ah three words. I love time is running out. Oh no, Hank, I love I gave you two of the three words that is a hint here. We videos we've made. Yes all right, I! Think we're out of time. Do you have a final answer? Yeah yeah, okay, uh, oh I, love memes! That's all I got so the real answer was I loved Vic connects made famous by, of course, that's okay, you're three out of four, which is very good. That's a X! That's a excellent record! Here we go this one is gonna, be tough, so listen closely as if you are performing surgery on a rodents, eyeballs attention and clarity and focus. So here we go, I might be from be free, wow, he's more like you than he said, I'm watching from the furnace [Applause]. All right. Of course he is as all good men are waking from the front. That is right. It's incorrect! You want to live with the balls and perform a scooping motion as an open, discussed at great length windows gloves yes, with the green glue. So what are we at right now? I believe you're at it's four to one. He needs one more needs. One more. All right, I got to tell you because there's yeah, there's mine, there's three more so how long chances we got a lot of chances here. Don't [ __ ] this up here we go. You need a few. What are you looking forward to getting a new Samsung? Do you need the phone yeah kind of I drop, mine and cracked it up pretty bad recently, yeah yeah yeah yeah? Is it I phone? No, it's a note, eight you're in the club, so you see you Marty in the same fun game, but it's yeah well good! We're gonna get rid of that. Hopefully you got three chances left. Hopefully yeah. You know we're gonna lock this down as record I will say in your favor. Nobody has ever lost a round of know. You're me hey. Can you guys sign the phone if I do winning yeah yeah? Just write on the glass give you some germs, yeah blah use a sharpie and cover they don't be counting your eggs, yet I know I, know I'm getting the hope. They'll be counting your gummy worms. Yet I wasn't looking at the words and have no [ __ ] idea what he said we played again. Okay, are you slamming yeah? This donut is slamming dude Wow, the great green. Not only you are a winner. You have completed the challenge Chancellor to be the brand new Samsung Galaxy S 9 plus. It feels good honestly if I would have lost. I still would have been happy to just talk to you guys so sweetheart I kind of want to continue. We have so we play, though ice - I've got a lot yeah by all means. Let's go. These are the bonus rounds. If you don't get all three murders whatever you like I, do prefer yeah. Really it's either one okay. So here we go for every one you get correct from here. You get something you get another item there. You [ __ ] go okay! Here we go no, it's okay! This is the, but this is the super. Okay, that's fair! This is it okay. Here we go one great clip of millionaire the first guy that one wants to be a millionaire. He goes I want to use the last lifeline to call my dad to tell him I won. You got that swag I love that all right. Well, you won. What would you like? What do you want? You want to be surprised. That's one item um. Well, let's go ahead. I'll, take this one and then, if I win the second one then I'll have you guys? Surprise me all right, I would love to have one of the fascinating shirt all right. There we go win. Another item. Are you ready, I'm, ready, you're, crushing it man you're, crushing it here we go, try to click it! Well, you do like you to ply a quite gammy for a quite kind. Will you do like you to play a quick game? It must be no close family day because he says we play a quick game for a quick [Applause]. [Music] Wow such an exciting day got so much happening so proud. Tell me what are you gonna do now that you've won? Are you going to Disneyland? Oh man, I'm gonna go tell everyone that I know every one of my friends have watched you guys. I want to be bragging all week. Okay, well, Chancellor stay on the line. I want to thank Dona, calling in you're a great awesome to it. Appreciate you being a fan of the show, we're gonna hook, you up with fascinating and a surprise item and the Samsung which you have won you've earned here today. Thank you so much appreciate you and have a blessed blessed, Friday and a great weekend thanks for calling thank you alrighty thanks guys and congratulations on the baby. Thank you and, of course, I want to thank run for the cube, who was gracious to participation of legend I appreciate all of our memes, who are legends in their own right who come and lend their expertise to us and love. Love, love, love, love, love, so thank you run for the cube Wow. That was thrilling. Should it's always really fun. I love! Those I can't believe that we got him. Yeah I know all the people he's flown for the queue. That's right. We've got a lot more to get to my goodness. We've got quite a episode here. My dudes almost blessed Friday. So next up is the we've got the mom. Let me see here: I've got Kanye, but actually we were gonna do harassed. The teacher suing her student. Let me do that first and then we'll have Ian hop in here to give us a Kanye update, Kanye moves at light speed. A lot goes on in that man's life, so this is a story that blew my mind and listen. I'm, not look I just this is not like a social justice thing: I'm, not okay, I'm! Not that's not. My angle here, I want to say I'm genuinely confused by this I'm, just I'm perplexed I'm vexed in the words of the great Baba Weiss, who wrote that article about post Malone I'd like to be vexed at my concerts, I'd like to be like that. Why relax into music videos on BuzzFeed and it is about a teacher who is suing I, believe the age was 13 still suing her thirteen year old student for making fun of her in class for being gay, I? Guess, I, don't know it's really hard to tell from the video, but it's so strength. The whole story is so strange and I just find it strange bizarre that BuzzFeed is taking this approach like they're, doing a journalistic video, but it really doesn't answer any questions and doesn't yeah, and it's just it's why it's a wild ride that I want to take you guys on. So with that being said, let us enjoy I was harassed by my student for being gay on BuzzFeed video, but I'm, also the first teacher to volunteer to go pie to the face or an egg cracked on my head, like whatever it is to reward students. One of the highlights of my job is the fact that I probably laughed cry like at least once a day, because teenagers are funny and if you let them be funny, they're, really fun. [Music] such you drinking pal, I, green, oh wow, it's fancy for a schoolteacher I mean. Obviously you have to note that she looks the part you have to note. It looks something we're all thinking it just saying she has a look. She has a specific look. Okay, moving on, don't have to note it, but yeah. Other thing is that we're all looking at her and being like all right? You know what I mean yeah, there's something going on there. She's got a specific look. You know that's okay, like if I saw someone walking around and like a Pikachu hat and like a reflective, Leste and huge enhance I'd, be like oh, that guy's a raver. You know what I'm saying she's got a look. That's all you have an eighth grade. English teacher I've been teaching for about 12 years now. How the school system I've impacted a student or had a good day in the classroom is really indescribable, because, while education does not necessarily pay well, what it does pay is knowing that you've had a chance to impact future generations. My goal is always to really understand where students College just bear in mind. Well, did well they're, showing this in her being all like, triumphant in great she's still suing a 13 year old student mm-hmm I just find that those that dichotomy over, like those two things, yeah you're, suing a 13 year old, like what person, not justice, I, don't know, I, don't know this is so weird I guess, because he he harassed her, but the example. She give doesn't seem that bad, it's more like for bullying her, not harassed, I, guess but I guess what I do use to over. Not pay me! You do great. My story begins at the start of the 2017-2018 school year. I had several students approached me privately of concern to. Let me know that a former student of mine who was following me on Instagram because they wanted to keep in touch with me, had taken a photo of me and my partner and posted it to her Instagram and let my current students know that I was gay prior to that. I had never discussed my sexuality in the classroom intentionally because I know that I teach in a very conservative climate and it wasn't something that I felt I needed to share right off the bat with students as the affair. That's a road fall somebody and picture them with their partner, yeah and I. Can't. Imagine that's gonna be hard to be a teacher. I mean you know it's so weird. When I was a kid there was no social media like I, can imagine like stalking your teacher and taking photos and then sharing it with all your classmates on Instagram, like god, that's messed up and kids can be mean. Oh kids are straight up Eve, especially 13. That's like the most evil, a-absolutely they're, all every 13 role is a freaking psycho I mean the worst thing you, the worst thing I ever did to a teacher when I was in high school I think it was our principal because you're such a douche. We, like TPT's house, it's pretty rad. It's not that it's not that bad is it. We followed him home and we're like we found know where he is we're. Gonna TP his house, [ __, ] I did what they're talking about in this I took pictures and see really yeah, but there was no. There was no one [ __ ] myspace right, like what did you take photos with? Oh I had a camera when I was a kid and then we just like draw nasty [, __ ] on it make fun of you. This is like amongst friends. This is about sharing it with the world. If you drew a funny picture of a photo and that everyone at the school saw right, it just amplifies at times a thousand right, yeah yeah. So anyway, I'm sympathizing me to let me know that this was really a hot topic on the Internet. It was a hot topic on campus and people were continuing to discuss it. I went to my administration multiple times, I mean in this day and age. I can't I have a hard time seeing that the back oh she's, gay, maybe I'm wrong, though she says she's, a very conservative area, so I can yeah. It could be hard, probably, but also you're kind of the adult in the situation. Mm-Hm well, at any rate, I'm, not judging her. Yet, let's watch ya know that I was concerned about this and I felt, like things were getting out of this shot. I've heard just walking the earrings just like, and the initial response was that this was bad. This is the word that was used and that it would die down and to be fair, I hoped so too. Unfortunately, that's not what occurred okay, so she says everyone hoped there was drama would die down. So it's not what occurred. So, what's leading me to believe is that somebody's like started writing like slurs on the door or like keying, her car or some [ __ ] like hate crimes right. Let me fix my mic here. Okay, so, let's see what happens during that school year, I was also pursuing my Master of Arts degree. I had to maintain an online YouTube channel where I responded and reflected on things that I had read or activities I've completed. One night I noticed that a flood version started to follow me on that account and then I received a comment. That said, don't be stupid, be a smarty. You can join the not-see party now accepting died so that I can't this comment on YouTube. This is what she said. Sadly it didn't end there. She had one person write a rou comment on youtube: we're getting like 10 times it's like. Are you kidding me one? Every five yeah every personal, every defect I have as a person is apparently it's almost a relief for me to know that every negative attribute of my of my personality is because I'm Jewish and that really actually takes the load off I thought I was just like yes, I can't do anything right, yeah, no I thought I had a like a lot of development and maturing to do, but it turns out I'm just a Jew, it's kind of a relief honestly, but so this this. What happened is this comment sets her off down it. Thank you so weird cuz. It doesn't even seem personal like to obviously honestly, as someone who's been on the receiving end of of shitty comments like it's, not that bad yeah, it's not personal, and it's kind of like it's kind of just a stupid thing, because it's like the Nazis are accepting dykes like that, doesn't even make sense, yeah, it's just being cheeky, obviously rude and I under what I understand being upset by it. But what happens is it sets her off on this personal crusade of trying to find out who wrote this comment, a comment on YouTube so now she goes on like this warpath and that's what was going on my mic? Okay, it's! Why is this thing? Not a little droopy dude I, don't understand! Why is it they got pills for that? We're that is your mic droopin drooping, all over the place, dude all right! This is where the podcast is good. So anyway, she goes so if she just ignored the comma and she like she said it's just drama it'll die down, but she goes on this warpath to say who wrote that comment, and this is ends up being her demise? As far as I can tell, but like here, we go, I immediately took a screenshot and sent it to my administration and asked them to sit down with me. It took my administration of four months to be principal being like. What do you want me to do it yeah? It may not even send someone at your school. It's one youtube comment so like she X she sent it to the principal and she's like you haven't suspended anybody yet well anyway, here let it this shut up. I'm gonna play the video I. Did that immediately sent it off to them and unfortunately they decided that they didn't like the direction of the lesson and I was told that it would occur later on once someone else had a chance to review it. I had started to experience some severe depression and even more severe anxiety about being in class, because I felt, like I, didn't know what was being said about me or what was being done and I also felt, like I, wasn't being support or kept safe. The way that I believe I deserve to. So is this bananas? This one comment: now all the sudden, she's she's I think it's just not the right job. For her being a teacher is tough. You gotta have like really tough skin. No, you know especially like we said, with their middle school teachers yeah nobody going in as a gay teacher in a conservative area. You kind of have to know this would happen and you she didn't know, and she purposely kept it yeah. You know there's a chance that someone will find out so yeah I was surprised. She was a teacher for 12 years. I never encountered anything like, but I just find it's you. She said she taught for Toya and she had a meltdown over one youtube comment and I just imagined like print that carrying a print of it to that principal and being like you need to do something about this. It's like what it's like I. Even if you sympathize it's like. What do you want me to do? Trace the IP yeah call the cyber police and so I I can only imagine what that presentation look like that they vetoed mm-hmm they're, probably just like you're gonna, make it a presentation over one random comment and also you're gonna get worse, yeah. Okay, everybody I saw this comment. Calling me a dyke and saying I that the Nazi Party is accepting and I want to know who was it and I put together presentation, that's like inviting all don't feed the trolls, as they famously say, yeah, but okay, bye and during a presentation. One of my students made some disparaging comments about gay marriage, which elicited quite a response from my students, a lot of excitement and looking at me, and definitely awaiting a reaction after that, upon reviewing the students written work, I noticed that some more derogatory comments were used about gay people in her work and I brought that again to the attention of my administration and my administrators felt like the best course of action. There was simply a teachable moment. I contacted my union at that point from there and asserted to me getting a regional rep involves for my Union, who eventually hired me a lawyer. Just imagine wanting to expel a student. It's like your room, you're trying to ruin the kids of life. It's like you're, the adults I know they said something really mean, and rude and homophobic, they're, 13, okay, they're, pretty ignorant but I fact. If she took it in a different way, maybe she to tell me yeah, maybe she could have turned it into exactly something that would teach them like what do be? Let's talk about it! What you through what it! Why did you say that what do you think yeah, but, and then the principal actually seems like pretty cool like even headed about it, but like money like what does she, when she's, like this person, wrote something homophobic she's like Alfre blood, like you have to expect like the [ __ ], you know you're going after a kid man, I mean they didn't threaten her or do anything like totally insane. It says, then, the realm of normal child behavior to be a douche due to anxiety and depression. Amy took a mental health leave from teaching her case is currently being litigated for what I haven't been in the classroom since January and I would say that there are two things that I missed the most first and foremost I love picking grass man, it's like a commercial or depression she's just out there, picking grass she's, not in the classroom, anymore, educators in terms of students and very sad that I didn't get to read, Fahrenheit 451 with them or be there for their eighth grade graduation. It was really challenging for me to miss out on both of those things. I, don't feel frustration or anger towards students. I think that as teenagers were always you know, they're growing and they're changing and they're formulating their own opinions. The onus really lies on the adults in the system to do better and that's what I feel most disappointed in I. Don't even feel anger towards the adults in the situation. I think that you know, my ultimate hope is that everyone learns and grows so that we understand what the close-up man is BuzzFeed shots way too close up, show me the earring, jiggling and picking grass next time a situation like this occurs. We create a culture where she's got a part of plural bead. What do you call that Dan used to be a raver right, big stapler? Oh sorry, peace, love, unity, respect right, yeah! You got a dude you're, not the only one, this parted, I'm pleure for life baby and again, oh, if you walked out of screen, we reached out to a me school for comment. We include an excerpt from the response in the description. You don't want to show it to too many people. Okay, so she she's suing the school. Not not the student is that my why I thought it was the student, but it doesn't actually say it says yeah, it doesn't say it says the litigation is ongoing. I would think it's if you anything it's just cool I. Don't know why I thought it was a kid I'm not reading that somewhere. But I am an idiot I, just don't understand what the school cut. Why I don't understand what the litigating is for I? Don't understand why any pain, I, don't even understand why this is a video at all yeah, like there's no story here, I was how is her making a youtube channel even under the responsibility of the school, exactly exactly it's YouTube. Do people can find your videos yeah, and did she say she was she made the YouTube channel for the master's degree that she was trying to get so this is like an extra trick. This doesn't even have to do with her work. How did she even know it was a student who made exactly the statement from the school is boring, it's very just what you would expect to be very legal, but I just I. Wonder why this video even exists? There's no information. Nothing happened as far as I can tell it's like what that. What are you trying to prove with this video she's up there, kids are [ __ ] like that's it. She got us good, yep, God, yeah in this day and age, I was such a dick to my teachers. You know, and they you know they. They were adults about it. They just moved on every time. Some one of my students insults me I want their life ruined and them to be expelled from school and to have to switch schools. I want them in prison. I want them in juvenile hall for any crime. So there you go I don't know. Buzzfeed is like it's like - did you you didn't even have to make this vid there's a no story. They just they had this artistic vision for the closer they're like we start with the close-ups, and we build around I. Had this vision of a bouncing hearing at you shall be handpicking grass there you have it folks, I, don't know why we should do. We have to change the title yeah. We kind of I was thinking the same thing: yeah y'all got baited not as spicy no I'm, not as spicy, but still pretty spicy. What else we got Kanye is back at it and you want to come. You want to come. Decode Kanye, decoded I'm, sending him in here we go here comes Ian. Let me play a song. I got a song here. Where is it here? We go, dang am in Dan, I, don't want to with my mic, but it's drooping, like my frickin, like everything like it's giving me flashbacks I, don't need this. My face did how do I fix this? Hey, Ian, hey having Mike issues mine's. Very this very virile Mike! Oh yeah, yeah young man you're a young man. No, it is also sick. There you go now I popped, a couple Edie's right, how's, the sound right now you sound good, really is any supposed to be no, that one's less directional yeah just popped. A couple I took more than directed in how are you today, god bless and good ei good afternoon. There's something about that. You immediately want to touch and, like I know, non-stop yeah, I'm, doing good I'm I'm back there coffin to- and you know place- is a [ __ ] petri dish of the Ebola. Now before we get into this I want to say, congratulate you. I heard the great news you've been made, an honorary moderator of our Kanye, the subreddit, which is that's a that's a huge community yeah. They told me this morning. Oh so congratulate thank you. Thank you. I know those guys. Another Kanye community is very important to you. How do you feel about being given this honorary title? I feel like the Queen kind of, because, because he was like you, don't have to actually moderate, we don't it kind of was like we don't want you to don't touch anything. It's like. We want to put your name there and Wow. That's cool, it's good. They don't want me to start banning people and yeah digging around sure, but yeah, so I'm movin, I jus lations I, feel you're getting street cred you're getting acknowledge for for yeah, and there was also the invitation to the Kanye podcast yeah, which is coming up. What's the name, and when is that happening, so people can tune in uh. It's on the 10th I believe next I'm gonna record it I, don't know when he puts it out, but it's called watching the throne watching the throne yeah the premiere Kanye West's podcast. In fact, Kanye himself follows them on Twitter, a recent development which has led us to believe that Kanye is a fan of Ian. It's been fun has happened with the purple hat and everything. So congratulations, I'm waiting, so Ian's gonna be against yeah yeah I'll be on there watching the from it's only a matter of time until I get a knock on my door, I open it and there's Kanye, hmm someday he'd be a great guest for me. I joked about I said if Kanye ever comes on here as a guest, Ian's are gonna sit here, I'm, not gonna, say [, __, ], I'm, not gonna, be in the room. I'm just gonna, maybe I'll sit there and work out yeah that kind I'll, just I'm, not gonna, say [ __ ] watch these two talk, but be that as it may, there's been a lot of Kanye developments. Actually, is this a good place to start in uh yeah this? Is he tweeted this out he's trying to kind of clarify his beliefs, political beliefs? A little bit probably got tired of all the heat. He was getting lots of heat lots of heat, friends and family. You know dumping him yeah, but he didn't really like I know, I read these tweets and these this mean much to ya. Let me read: yeah go ahead. I would like to thank my family, loved ones and community for supporting my actual beliefs in my vision for, but is this before after he disavowed. This is before okay, so I support those who risked their lives to serve and protect us and I support, holding people who misuse their power accountable, I believe in love and compassion for people seeking asylum and parents who are fighting to protect their children from violent Wars I support, creating jobs and opportunities for people who need them. The most I swore prison reform. I support, common-sense gun laws that will make our world safer. What I see this as because this is a lot of liberal kind of Left linking meaning beliefs and I, think he's trying to reach out and be like hey I, don't disagree with you on these points, I just like Donald, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah, I, think he's trying to which is what do I've said before is he's not like a you know, heavy political guy. A lot of this is kind of vague, too I mean, like you know, that's true. I support holding people who misuse their power accountable. That's like a fun thing to say, but I don't know what that means. I see it as me to stuff oh okay or like Wall Street, stuff too, but regardless it does heat up as he lives. A lot of room for interpretation does so here we go I. So now there was a thing called Blake. What is blogs it? He he's had this woman around him for a while called Candace Owens she's kind of a right-leaning political figure and she's been very close with him kind of ever, since he put the hat on and like in his circle, going wherever he's going, she's always around interesting, and so she has this thing: called black sit, I hate saying them: it's like it's, not good yeah! It's not. How do you say elegant to say no legs it and it flex it right. Black, say I mean, but I mean that's if you're trying to like combine the two words that actually well brexit what the plan breaks it yeah well, because you need to exit it's like the exit, but yeah. It's like the the black exit from the Democratic Party is what she wants. She wants everyone to leave in mass, and so she put out merch and told people that Kanye designed it and I think that was kind of the breaking point which sparked all of this. Here's, the logo in question actually and also I, will say, and not a very well designed, looks like someone's being crucified in the parlor and Jim merch yeah. It looks like some of my camp counselor would wear and not very not very spicy. No, it's not great, and so after that happened, he came out and was like no I didn't do that yeah and you're. You had an interesting theory about about that. I think yeah. All of this everyone thinks oh he's like come to his senses. Oh he's realized the error of his ways. I think he just didn't want to be associated with a shitty design. Right, I think that's. It he's like I'm, not offended at all by your political beliefs, I just - its weak yeah I. Don't want anyone to think that I put my name on that yeah. What he said in response to this design was actually something that had got a lot of attention. A lot of people interacted with us we'd have like hundreds of thousands of likes and retweets, and here it is, he said my eyes are now open and I now realize I've been used to spread messages. I do not believe in I am distancing myself from politics and completely focusing on being creative and that blex it logo was wack. He said yeah and the one before well, he said. Essentially he had nothing to do with it yeah. So what do you make of this? Is this a genuine and I saw when this tweet came out. I just immediately started everywhere, like everyone thinking that it's about Trump yeah? Well, that's what I assumed that it was about. Like hey yeah I mean that's really the only assumption to make really. Oh that's why yeah there's so many likes and everyone immediately went Oh fine, so he's back to you know yeah just chilling now, and that means he doesn't like Republicans at all. I think that was jumped in which isn't the case because he clarified with TMZ, which is the next thing, but his sameness, so dramatic my mean anything else when he says my eyes are now wide open, mmm, it's like I've, just I've been awakened to this great misfortune. You know yeah I think it goes back like with the first few tweets I think he does it on purpose. He leaves things big and interesting. So here we have. What do we have here? So this is from the TMZ article. They reported it and their headline was something like Kanye is done with Trump uh-huh, and then he reached out to TMZ right away, and it said Kanye contacted us to make it clear. He did not mention Donald Trump in his tweets and he's getting out of politics altogether as for being used. He says he was specifically referencing blacks and that's it so interesting. So it kind of lets see there's no, there isn't more well. Is this just more? Is there anything genuine going on here, or is this just more of kind of this Kanye trying to drum up attention? What do you make of this he's what's happening here? Part is the honorary moderator of Archon. Speaking for the subretinal Kanye fan now, honestly, I think that this may be. Why I have the flu here, I'm worn out, I mean it just I just want the album at this point. You know it's, it's it's twenty days away. Is it well he's got a little, it comes out, I, don't know, and then I can't take what he says. I don't know if he means it like when he goes I'm done with politics. Maybe that's this week and then he's gonna debut it and he's gonna have the maggot hat on again yeah and I. You know it seems that that's a common theme. Yes, oh yeah, we we need a segments. We getting power, pole krycek. It seems to be a common segment among his sentiment among his fans that it's like we're. Getting tired of this. Just give us the music yeah, and I and I I don't also he can believe whatever I don't care about that, but you know keeping track of it all. Like you said it's like this whirlwind. It's nonstop mm-hmm he's always in the news. There's always things going on. It's kind of tiring right. Also. There was a thing this week with easy as being like available for everyone. Now we're following that yeah. What was that he? Because he said a while ago that he wants eventually to make it available for everyone. That's production sells out and then you're gonna go to resellers interesting, so now I think it was available. But then people were reporting that it's not doing that well and they wonder if it's because of the drama or which one all of the past models are the new black one. Well, there there were the last the release before the last one was the biggest one he's ever done, he's the most wide release ever so there were gonna, be shoes available, but people took that as oh everyone hates Kanye now my yeah, but it's just they that's the money that ever made or shoes, yeah and I think it's the same case with the new release to got it, but I did see a few people reporting. Oh yeah, that's because every yeah! Well, you are wearing a pair, you know not right now. Right now already posed like eases are finally for everyone, and no one cares. You don't care and then yeah. They make it about politics, of course, and there you go well. Kanye is political, so I guess, but you know well Ian. We thank you for keeping us updated on the world of home. Yeah I know it's a complicated stuff, keeping up with the Kardashian yeah. Do you think that Kim's reality stardom has affected Kanye in the sense that he saw Oh, Keeping Up with the Kardashians everybody cares about this kind of real-life drama? Is that something that may be bled off in the Kanye know I think he's always had a talent for this and I. Think that's why they're so great there's these marketing machines right yeah. So you know Ian stay tuned, keep your ear to the grind stone. Is that a saying? Is that what they say? I, don't think so, hey? What do you keep your ear towards you, your ear to the ground o ear to the ground, keep ear to the ground in I'll. Go! Listen to the grind, but listen ever one grindstone on on the other in. Thank you so much. Thank you, where's the song. Sorry, everyone think I'm trying to not breathe yeah, don't break the other in the intern. Everybody we love in the intern. He's wonderful guy he's assets at the show and boy boy. Where would we be without him would know a lot less about Kanye? That's for sure, a twitch we've got a twitch streamer hood a great little clip. This is kind of funny, because this guy is not even a big streamer. Oh man, oh no nevermind! It's not a race he's, not even a big streamer. That's what makes it so great! Oh, my god, this Twitter clip has over 3 million views. I am but because what he says is just so and he's a twitch streamer that has like well I, don't know how big he is on Twitch, but he's got like 5,000 Twitter followers, so I mean when I look for streamers, that I I want to relate to them. I want them to be witty. I want them to be cool. I want them to have that unique aspect that all of us strive to have, but I need my coughing super loud in the mic. Cuz I keep turning away, but I want to make sure I'm not ear, raping everybody, it's helping, okay, but turn more. If you can yeah, because I don't want to talk to a [, __, ] wall, okay, but well. Part of the thing for me is I specifically, don't want my viewers to have any kind of relationship with me so like that's, like it kind of works out right, I'm kind of like I'm hitting my goal, but um I'm. Shutting everybody out that's kind of a bad strategy which I don't know, I kind of I'm, doing a livestream and I don't want to be connected to anybody, maybe make videos. No, you totally are and as weird as that sounds, and it's like it's kind of like low key, like god, complex kind of thing is I, don't feel like many of my viewers should relate themselves to me because- and this is like super like kind of like I got like kind of weird is like I. Do think of myself as better than or not better, but like bigger, no good way to say this I think of myself as like above the average person, so I don't feel like many people could relate to me as like bad. As that sounds I know. Why worry about what like what would, even if you're, so superior and intelligent and like 220 IQ, huge Rick and Morty fan? Why would you think that was a good idea to say he sounds like such a prick you're just a [ __ ], like also he's like not even a big deal on twitch, and it's got like 11,000 followers. You know I just want to say: I just want to say this and I don't want you to take the wrong way, but I do have 11,000 followers on Twitter and I do think and again this comes off bad, but I am superior to in every way. Yeah I mean how many followers do you have on Twitter? What like what 200 I mean case in point you're, [, __, ], pathetic. Damn this guy got reamed for this video. How did he think that that could be anything award saying also I like how he keeps referring to I was like a gum- god complex low-key, guy complex, it's like well that he knows that it sounds bad. It's like yeah I did because it is bad, but I feel like he's flattering himself in a way of like saying he has a god complex too, because again you know you're not even just fight. You can't even have a god complex when you have 11,000 Twitter followers, like imagine, imagine that guys are God. Yo I am some I. Do I am somewhat of a god. Complex I feel like a god complex, so they're like has it twitch, and apparently there was a ecology, video, there's, no good way to say this. I think of myself as like above the average person, so I don't feel like many people could relate to me as like bad. As that sounds I know: [, __, ] idiot, there's. Alright, there you go there, you have it mmm, nice. Oh this story is fantastic: Elia, you're, gonna love this specifically. You look porn watching employee infected government network with Russian malware's. Let the [ __ ] fat government auditors traced a malware infection back to a single porn watching employee within the US geographical survey. An interior department watchdog, recommended the u.s. geographical survey ratchet up Internet security protocols after discovering its network had been infected with malware. So I guess: there's like a government agency network that kind of connects everything and they have really strict rules about what how you can use the internet, because that's we're so slick that Russia they're, like banking, on the fact that some boys eating off at work I. Just did you ever like put on porn at work like? Why would you do that? I'll say this: I'll say that you have a lot of downtime at work. You can't have a lot of downtime or okay. It says that he reportedly used the computer to visit 9,000 adult video sites. That's all [ __ ]! That's a lot like if I'm browsing reddit, you know at work and my my desk is facing the wall mm-hmm. It's like yeah. You see some titties on the homepage and you part you probably you probably you take a look but you're done doing it. You're not now I'm, not downloading porn videos, not like augmenting my catalogue. This guy's like on [ __, ] pornhub, like downloading [, __ ], they said 9,000 is yeah. How do you want and that's that's his job watching porn is his job. I, don't know what he does for the geographical services. That's not just popping over to pornhub like that. Are you asking if I got my dick out and masturbate? No, you look yeah, that's what I'm asking, but I did cuz. Where is it going exactly? That's why I don't like watching porn at work because it's like I'm, not some people watch porn like it's like a cooking show for me, it's very when I put it on, let's be frank, I'm cleaning, the pipes getting the poison out as they say, and so it's like that's kind of the reason why I don't understand, go into a strip club. It's like okay, I've, never been to a strip club and I really have no interest, because it's like okay yeah. What do you do? Go home and beat off that's the same thing. I was gonna. Do anyway, save the money watch some porn and download some Russian malware, but you got it. You got to admire the ingenuity of these Russian, like cyber warriors, putting like putting ads on porn sites with malware I mean that's yeah and crazy. That's amazing, I love by the way, there's like digital detectives. They they go. Our digital forensic examination revealed that the employee had an extensive history of visiting adult pornography websites, the hosted malware a rope. The malware was downloaded to the employees government laptop, which then exploited the USGS network. Isn't that awesome mm-hmm? This is the best episode of CSI. Ever the employee no longer works at the agency. Yeah imagine trying to get his next job and he had a good run having to say why he was firing. His next job. You can host a porn site. He's got 9,000 videos. Do you have a recommendation of me like his next job interview? Oh yeah, so tell me what part do you like over the last 15 years, similar scandals have enveloped the Environmental Protection Agency Securities and Exchange Commission's and IRS. Last year, a DC area, News Network uncovered egregious on-the-job pornography. Viewing at a dozen federal agencies and national security officials have reportedly found an unbelievable amount of child pornography. Wowthat's threw me off. I didn't expect that on government devices, what [ __ ] hell, who are these people watching child porn and downloading it, and they work at the government, [ __ ] this problem, maybe yeah. This problem is so prevalent that Rep mark meadows has introduced legislation banning pornography at federal agencies three different times. I, don't think you need a what's the legislation gonna do Scott, damn it you guys not much porn on your government computers and putting national security at risk. That's amazing. I hope that in 15 years, there's like a there's, a story like a movie about this, not like how the russians hacked it online guy watching porn, dumbass downloading porn, but I bet you ela of people that have private offices have a lot of them, have be it off at work. Yeah! It's the know they do a report. Yeah well, of course, I mean you're, not gonna beat off in front people, it's kind of nuts. Isn't it yeah, don't like dude right here. You just like this. We've seen those videos of people doing in the library yeah. That's what I mean those guys are deranged I, don't have to say you have seen videos of like drifters who come in and just start beating it in the library. It's like magic mean that depraved, though you see some titties and you're like all right, take my dick out. Yes, yes, of course, we made it to our wall. Man I want to finish what we've got goddamn it. This is a lot male bummers car, whatever I don't care about that anymore children fright club, don't really care about it, that much yeah Judge Dredd, pretty cool parking intentionally Brett. Oh this one I like this one I need to show you guys. Party intentionally breaks the floor and everybody falls through now before I show you this I want to tell you that I read that there was no life-threatening injuries and no fatalities as a result of this, which is surprising when you look at the footage of a so horrific, but it is hilarious and especially when you learn when you read the article is that they felt the ground shaking and they were trying to break it. Now, that's a party turning up I, don't know how to view it and so where'd they placed in the screen yeah but um. Hopefully you can make that out. Don't fullscreen the window just drag it to the one to the right. A little bit. Oh yeah! Is that good, perfect? Okay, so [ __ ] hell, so these guys are like whoa the grounds all wobbly, and so everybody starts jumpin, an attempt to actually [ __ ] break it, and so here they go having the time of their life and whoopsie-daisy, say nice, oh my god, and now some of the people. If you watch like some look, so it then yeah but I mean there's like what a hundred people some of the people slanted standing up to one dude in the white shirt you'll see he landed. He's like yeah watch this guy in the white shirt here right here. I think he slides down and he's just like right here, he's like what the [ __ ], it's crazy huh. So there you have it like the commentary, just yo that guy just almost fell through the ground by the way. I love that he's, like everyone, like the guy right in front of him, falls into an abyss. He's literally at the edge and he's like all right is the presence of mind to just keep rolling yeah and we think the frame. What a legendary can starts. A new video like when you be panicked when you want to get out of the room at that point, like maybe more of a cloud. You know why you'll never I love it I, just love that they were trying to do it. No that's lady drives through marathon. You know it's just a bunch of ID's I'll save it. I want to watch a lot of these with Tom and Christina I. Think we'll have a lot of good bang. Yes, no should I have this message from the from the email, but it's kind of emotional yeah. So uh should I read it. No I asked you so it's uncomfortable, so you can really I can already say that I probably won't be able to speak, because I can do that, but I can't handle this show's over no I'll sit here, but I. Just probably I can't really talk about the subjects cuz I get too emotional. Okay! No! You just give a shout-out to the yeah hey. We heard your message well, he was sweet. I thought it was such a sweet message and a very wholesome. It's very nice message. So I wanted to read it: yeah comes from heart: bridges, hey Ethan, ela and podcast crew. My name is Hart bridges. A month ago my mom was unexpectedly diagnosed with stage 4 lymphoma. She recently passed her second treatment of chemo she's, doing pretty good, but morale is low. She was such an active person always working out and doing different projects around the house, but now she feels weak and unable to accomplish anything. We started listening to the podcast together about five months ago. We listened in the car, sometimes around the house and now at the hospital. During her six hour plus treatments, we both find y'all absolutely hilarious. Her birthday is coming up in November on the 7th and I was wondering if I could get y'all to sign a shirt for I'll pay for the shirt and shipping. If Ethan HeLa could just sign it, she would love it. So much and I know it'd make her smile just pick a great shirt. She wears a large love, yeah, Bart, bridges, heart bridges; well, obviously, yeah dude do we have his and I'll have to follow up dad. Maybe you can follow up and get the address yeah. Of course we are definitely sending a care package out and I. Just that's so. Sweet I love this that they're watching together and the mom I, don't I love it I think it's so I wish you the best and I, wish her mama healthy and speedy recovery. We know all too well ela, especially how tough that is. So it's very nice that you took the time to write that and share. You know it's not I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Man and I wish you all the best. You know [ __ ] life. It gets tough, sometimes unbearably tough. You know, and it's an honor that we're able to provide some kind of comfort for you guys I mean that's. That means a lot I mean it really hearing that, like this dude with his mom getting chemo and watching our podcast getting relief like all this [ __ ] we get and everything it's like. You got to cut through it for these kind of stories, like no I appreciate taking the time right then and of course, were be honored to hook your mom up. We love, love, love, love and appreciate you. So thank you for writing us not to end on a heavy note. Should we watch a psychic slam, dunks a bunch of people? No, no, that's very long one! You know I, guess, there's you have to assume that somebody likes this podcast cuz people! Listen to it. If you listen to the comments in the and go to home page on YouTube or read anywhere, it feels like nobody likes this podcast and everybody wants it to go away, but somebody likes it. I mean people watch it right. This view out there, this person likes it so I guess we should keep. You know it's like okay, alright! Well, on that note, we did it how about guys it's Friday. It is Friday my what the f. Oh, this is our play out song. Can you mute it in my room at least cuz I can't even hear myself, so everybody can hear this damn whatever I want to Renaud dandas dan is basically I'm at that Emmys and Anna's play. That is run for the cube. Doing an acapella h3 theme song. Hopefully it's low enough, but every this is a max Exodus everybody's leaving in droves right chick. My dudes have a blessed beautiful, Friday and I'm happy weekend. You know what life is a challenge, it's rough, but if you listen closely, the music is playing. Do you hear it I think we its soulful and it's out there just view out there. You just got to listen it from you. Boy do I, hear clear: [Music], [Music], [Music].