Welcome everybody to the h3 podcasts alive. Today's episode is sponsored by me on DS, hems and twitch sub subscribers. Just like you, you can subscribe for free by connecting your Prime and twitch account thanks. We both have me undies on right now. Let's see I need proof, they get diggin. If you need goals, if you don't, if you need more than Horseman than that, I don't know they're the greatest minor, please hold on money. You got on right now, or you mean the pair that you go join me that I would be loved to be wearing right now are in the wash nope. Based on what the pattern, like, you have a certain pattern that you like I, like the doughnut and milk one or that not donut milk, its cereal, milk, they're always releasing new designs. What's gonna find it so what I use in order to end up all right guys? What makes it underpants dirty does create a pattern smell. They might work back from that. There's many criteria um anyway. Next week's guest is the prolific shane dawson. Please post your questions for him on the subreddit. Those are very helpful, I just want to say, I love, you guys when you go there and share your opinions, it's really helpful. So thank you. Everyone who participated about two days guess obviously you've guessed because there's been banter already. I am very hyped and pleased to introduce these. The great and amazing rhett and Link, who I have to say, are a huge inspiration of why I think we became youtubers to begin with was watching you guys stuff I tell a salute. Lee I understand that I wasn't supposed to talk earlier about the underwear so now I don't know. If I can talk now good, when you throw out a big compliment, the gate is open. You're supposed to smile, gently, okay, I just might I'm sorry, I didn't you thought was gonna compliment you guys more right, because if the compliments are still kind, yeah you're not done. Okay, keep going sorry, gonna say the multi-talented song-and-dance bent the triple-threat. You must do well, there's two of us. We each have one and a half. Well when we had our third member of our trio, who was unfortunately wait. That's mauled triple means a three-man act. I thought it meant like this song. Maybe by extending it you it would land yeah I was trying to save you well anyway, good evening, god bless Tripathi. We don't really dance well! Well, you know what I guess we do you guys put your mind yeah, you would be straight-up dancing in the rain. I could see you with an umbrella tap-dancing your way, I'm telling you the triple threat challenge accepted yeah, it's 7:00 p.m. this is not our usual time. Oh I can imagine it's been a long day for you guys. Your schedule must be insane. How was your day Thursday is our work late night. So thanks for accommodating us, of course, to make this happen. Yeah absolutely and we typically record our own podcast in the in the in the late night, but instead we're on this one. So more people are gonna. Listen buns are very similar, so we feel very at home, yeah yeah. So thank you for making it's been a long day, though. So tell me about your day. What do you guys do today? Uh well right now, Monday through Thursday we're shooting GMM so because there's four videos coming out a day now I thought it was three it's three good mythical morning and then there's one good mythical more that extra yeah. So there's two episodes on Monday. One episode on Tuesday want opposite on Wednesday and then it Thursdays a two-episode day, but we also do like we're doing things that just isn't just us at the desk now. So we shot a music video today on a couple of segments, there's no dancing. It's actually almost like an anti dance music video, where all the dancing is creating an impost I'm. Actually, not joking I started to dance at one point and you're. Not they told me that I had to be still beam to a. You were right about the dances we're going to make you active in post, right yeah. We were all the way over here. We were just talking about the first thing we shot this morning, which was with this girl who's a contortionist and a youtuber as well. Sophie da si is her name, she'll, be on upcoming. Yeah she'll be on an upcoming episode of good mythical morning, but it's what right now we're in those days where I'm like that was today right. You know what I mean. Oh yeah, I, don't know. If that's a good thing, it's intense, it's an intense, a lot of different things, there's just a lot of different we've kind of got into this habit of just kind of showing up at the next thing and executing it and then moving on to the next thing. That may be very different than the thing that was right before it. So you guys are at the point kind of where you just show up how involved, because now this show has become something new right. So yeah, that's formed recently I mean it's at a certain point. We had to get somebody else to be in charge of our schedule, so we just said what the parameters were: okay right for the sake of our families, we only want to work this amount of time, and so our only late-night is a Thursday night, and you know, then you guys get jerked around in order to try to you know accommodate that stirred around, but that's how it for the triple threats, no yeah, but it's at any point on any given day we're worth we're thinking of or responding to new ideas and just saying: okay, yes to this idea. No to this idea shaping this idea and then prepping other episodes. They all said yes to it, that would it would be easier if we were just showing up but yeah, we're still very much involved in the creative process and we have a great team of writers and we're not coming up with they're coming up with a majority of the initial ideas but like right before we came here. Like the last thing we did after we shot the music videos, we had like an hour-long meeting with our team. That does all our field shoots so stuff outside. So like the wind, Baker stuff that ready with you, there's that's a different team that handles that, so a different director and then there's riders assigned to that. So we have a meeting where they kind of pitch us what they're thinking and then we change it or update it or give the thumbs up. I mean it used to be, and then, where we're stepping into the thing that we're shooting. So when we step into the thing we're shooting we're accessing when we prepped it the day or a few days before, and then maybe a few weeks a week or two before when we said yes, we want to do it, so it's a little all removed from the concepts actually being in yeah. You got to react, cess it and say: okay. This is this is why I was excited about this interesting, and this is what's missing. That I was excited about that I have to interject the last second or not whatever the case may be, and it because yeah it's it's funny. We, the the conversation, continued between the two of us earlier and it was like yeah. We we used to work on something we developed, something we'd really believed in it, a video and then we'd work on it all the way through and then we'd start the next. The next one's, like chronological yeah, very linear, yeah and I, mean because good mythical morning is so it's so formatted and it you know it allowed us to hire people who couldn't make us make it into a system that then we kids, you know not do everything you step in the desert yeah, but it gets a little crazy sure next week we're not shooting anything. So we do have every five weeks. We have a dark week. So that's six. Thank word for you, guys, man. What we're gonna do, though, is we're. Gonna go. The two of us are gonna, leave town, we're gonna, go someplace and we're gonna come up with something else to create. So really because we well yeah, it's not a vacation, we're still you just escape in yeah. Well, getting out of the grind of GMM, so I mean cuz. We've always had something else going on at the same time as a good mythical morning, but when it kind of exponentially increased in November, we had to get a lot smarter about our time to do those other things. So you guys are involved in, like a high level, high high level stuff, the concepts yeah development. You think that that I think that's probably necessary for you guys to have the time to do other stuff, like what you're describing I mean. We only did so the first two years of GMM was, you know between yes, probably ninety percent us and then starting like the fourth season or so is when we brought in Stevie our producer right and she had some. We were just going off of instinct all along. We had no production experience at all. She came in with some production. Experience was like, if you guys want to do anything else or you you want to. We need to make this into more of a system with efficiencies, and we need to hire the right people interested in and at that point we started like that was when we made the transition. So this probably 2014 was probably the first time we started actually having episodes would go alive and we hadn't even watched them said like four years ago or whatever. That was a big transition for us, was like. Oh now, we're putting stuff up that we don't even watch. We were there when we made it, we were there putting in just because it's you're producing too much or what yeah, because we were doing other things. It was like. Okay, what things are we gonna? Let go of so like the process? Is you let go of the editing first right? So that's like even for us that was difficult, so that was like 2012, probably letting go of the editing. How did you do that by the way? How did you eventually come out? I like overcome that hurdle cuz, it's so personal. Well, I mean we were Jason was a guy and we were over his shoulder. Like literally I mean it is. If you look at the card table where we shot the first incarnation of good mythical morning right behind the card table, were our two desks push them together, like just and just to the right right out of frame. Was his desk like when we were shooting the show. If, if I went like this, I could have I could have easily picked it occasionally, it did happen. Occasionally, just keeping - yeah come on just get a little prize right, dig deep for a little prize. That's my point. Well, I was I was over his shoulder. Yeah I mean it's it's easier again when it I mean when it's a format like that, you can start to develop, and you can you can nitpick everything and inside and so next time do that, but it wasn't until we found somebody who, in Stevie that it was like. Oh this final product that she just oversaw is almost exactly what we would have that's great, maybe a little different, but it was just as good. It was so. It was like good enough yeah, cuz, I, totally just as good, maybe a little different, but in this in some specialist there yeah, but it was there because if that wasn't the case, then we would have never let go and I know, there's a lot of youtubers that never let go it's hard. I feel like do you guys feel like you were lucky to find some of that great extremely I was kind of the catalyst right for for doing Rancher extremely lucky, because we interviewed a couple people and she seemed to be like she was the smartest person that we interviewed. You know that was the thing that we were like this person's got to be smart. We're not gonna have a lot of patience with somebody who's not, and she just very quickly demonstrated that she was more than just a producer. She was a creative partner, so um yeah I think that's the key, because people are so and it's very difficult to find, find those people that you can trust sure. But if you can, then you can I mean we would have never done. You know the book or the tour buddy system or any of that stuff without being able to step out of you know a daily show that just takes people are like. Oh it's just come, it's just 15 minutes a day. What do you do the rest of your time? Yeah. You guys know that it's it's more than you know me and Neela tried for a month about a year or two years ago to make a video every day. We did it for 30 days and we almost got a divorce hate it, but every daily vlogs do and he was only eyes like no no help was it were they blocked no, no, basically good mythical morning ripoff. It is inspiration right, but obviously without the production value and without looking good and being good now listen. It was like a hybrid of like PewDiePie good mythical morning we were sitting at a desk right. It was an interesting experiment. You know I just wanted to see what it was like and it was miserable where he was well. You probably I mean we've met. You we've done a lot of stuff that hasn't worked, but you it always works to teach you a lesson. You learned something from it and at that you almost always leads to something else. It was a huge formative. Really important. Actually I do really like some of those videos that we made. So it's interesting I don't know we suffered, but we we don't. You don't have to be. A lot of people are paralyzed because they're like I, don't know if this is gonna work, though you gotta quit asking that question, because it probably won't most of us huh yeah yeah, you know, do you guys have you guys have like a golden age? You guys been making content for so long I feel like we have a golden age like when we look back at the videos we made when we were living in Israel uh-huh. By the time we discovered you guys, we were just coming up. I just saw your like deprivation, tank, video and I was like this is awesome. That's the first video I saw of yours, guys and I. Don't know, I, don't know what there was just like. A Wild West vibe, like I, can never make those videos now because they were awful quality. There was [ __ ], he produced, they were just awful, but looking back with a certain charm, I guess yeah, you guys feel like you have a golden age of some sort. Iii I have in my mind well when we were making our local commercials right mm-hm and we made the first couple. I mean there was like oh nine, maybe yes, we made like red house furniture which, like went reeve iral a couple of weeks ago, yeah, let's stretch this so funny so weird 16 years old YouTube. Does this thing where they'll just put like your first video on everyone's home Paige, all the sudden really I mean not your first but like they'll, go way back in your catalog right and back here's. This really embarrassing video that you probably should have unlisted. In our case, not your kids algorithm thinks they're ready for it. Yeah Jodi they've earned the right to go deep, but anyway, as you were saying, we were making I remember. We were making went to Coleman Alabama and made what we ended up. Titling on YouTube, epic and honest used trailer commercial, but it was this guy who had a business, Coleman liquidation. He would repo trailers and single-wide trailers, and then he would he would sell him off his lie so used mobile homes right. This is as bad as it gets, and his name was Robert Lee and we would we would usually. We would have like a phone interview with the people to see if they were commercial material. But once we found out his name was Robert Lee and we talked to his secretary. He we can never get him on the phone we could never get. We could never get to talk to him in any way, but we said we gotta go to this guy, make a commercial and I remember we were there making the commercial and he didn't, show up for three hours and we were documenting it behind the scenes. We had this idea that you know we're gonna we're just gonna document to making this commercial, so people will believe how real it is and how little we're actually doing, but we would show we're not changing his name or anything like that, but it was just the two of us. The two of us would get on a plane with a camera, the camera, and so we documented all the interactions and then, with the same camera. The next day after we gathered all the Intel we shot, the commercial, so I think we would set up a second camera, shooting us shooting the commercial yeah. We justify just to make more of a story on our second Channel right. It became the good mythical morning chance, yeah I know yes, okay, so Robert Lee finally shows up after literally waiting for him for hours like with the camera in my lap I wanted to capture the moment he walked in and he you know he walks in and I'm like scream. Let's start start filming he's like y'all the boys from the commercial and he just like, then for the next hour he didn't shut up. Telling stories I'm like ah, this is great. Next day we had him like with a chainsaw cutting down cutting limbs off of trees in order to get a mobile home out of this person's yard and sell it the next day, and it was, it was just. It was crappy man, it was fun. You had this guy Minoo, it's just us us trying to make this thing happen. It's crazy idea, just kind of you know looking at each other, while this guy's got a chainsaw chopped off by this this guy, and then we went back to the hotel that night and we got on the phone with Joe Penna, mysteryGuitarMan mm-hmm, and so we were. We were pitching him on working with us to make this make a video called t-shirt war, which was like eventually that became like one of our biggest viral videos at the time or whatever around the same time, stop-motion 10 or so so it's so we were, we were doing I guess we were pretty busy I mean we were doing yeah it sounds. We were scrambling doing both of those things that at once, but I just I remembered that moment when it was, we had shot that all day and then we come back and we're talking to Jill on the phone and just asking him to work with us to make this. You know stop-motion t-shirt, war, thing and I, don't know. That's just the first thing, I thought that that was when you know we were just we just twist our brains, trying to come up with something that it reminds me of lot yeah. What of what we consider our Golden Age in that way, I think it's about like just the possibilities right, yeah well- and you know, there's a desperation thirsty just thirsty kids, but it's interesting because and I'm sure you guys have the same thing. But when you have that era that you kind of look back at well, there's a contingent of fans who look back at that and just like, they always point to that and they're like we're like that again, it will never be like well to never be like that again. But I do have this theory that, regardless of where this goes and what this becomes for any of us I do think that they'll probably be a time we may be like I mean links here. Well, death will be completely white. Mine will probably be at least halfway. There I think it stopped I think this is you have a nice little thing going like a storm Mystique thing going, but I think there is an appetite for that to do that again right to be like, let's just take a camera to Alabama and see what happens and so I do think that it kind of will come full circle. At some point, my my opinion is that whenever you try it it's never the same, it won't be the same and I tried to like whenever you try to rebuttal the magic right, yeah, but I think that anyone anytime somebody finds your channel or find something new. That's their golden era right, like yeah, yeah back then, whatever they fell in love with exactly yeah. Now it's interesting, though, that's really cool to hear how long ago was that the story or eight or nine years, yeah and yeah, were you guys already big on YouTube, because you were talking about that. Wasn't viral. Yet, oh, no! It's interesting because that the video that links talking about t-shirt war, we had a few things that like got on the homepage back when getting on the homepage was. Was it right? It's like feature like even like as early as oh six, oh seven, just a couple of things to Facebook song right, but that was the was a big but that video, the t-shirt war. The thing that really put that on the map was raywilliamjohnson talking about it wow, so he talked about it on equals three and ripped us a new one, very friendly way like he was like it's cool, but you know he did his dish stick right well and he did it because he and Joe were friends. We had never met the guy right and Joe flew to New York and helped him with a set up. Have you ever met Joe? No, no! You know who I'm talking about mystery. Guitar man, you don't know, that's he's early YouTube, no okay, it's like he was like the stop-motion guy, we're new we're new kids. First, he was if he was wave one yeah right yeah, but you know raywilliamjohnson yeah, of course, like I know the name and I know what he used to do, but I never like watched him. Really. It was before oh man, I mean he pioneered yeah I mean he was everything he did and he was was like they were. They were edit trick videos where he was the face of them and he would I, don't know exactly what he's doing now he's doing stand-up really no way yeah just kind of what I think he wanted to do. Other things near doing weekly video schedule, I mean one of those people that, like really proved that, like I'm gonna do this this. My videos come out every week at this time and then he got he got. He started getting substitute hosts and then he gave the show over ray now. I'm talking about Joe, you don't know they don't know about somebody. Why would you tell somebody about the people they know about because we don't any way so Ray Oh, Joe a favor and that's why he roasted our video? When you say roast, it was well. You know what, whatever you call, what ray did to videos? Okay, he'd show the video and he kind of make fun out. Did it get? Did it rub you guys wrong? Could you say roast like oh I was the first person to publicly call us hipsters and I hadn't heard the term. Has that stuck now, I know what I'm going for right right, but I literally remember I was like. Is that an insult I? Don't it must be because he's calling his hipster? That's pretty original usage of that word that long-ago hipster kind of started one of the moments those those days it was were the good old days. Those are the days of viral videos. We don't really have viral videos anymore. Do you notice that yeah, like definitely notice, [Laughter] back in the day, because you get 15 million views that don't really happen? Even I mean the past 12 months. Things have changed so yeah gently with the you know what getting traction on a video means. You know. Oh yeah, it's uh, you got any theories. [Laughter] I'm people are sick of hearing me monologue and conspiracy. Theory about YouTube I got theories for days. I got like I've got google analytics like print out a sharpie. Do you have to sleep in that room, or did you give them another I used to be like? Oh, it's a conspiracy and now I'm fully like I, believe everything she's like Charlie in the mailroom, always a reference. Yeah I mean you're a hundred percent right. It's a it's. A different game. I mean I. Think that how is it affected? You guys? Well, you know it's interesting cuz, starting in November, when g-men became one of the youtubers originals. Not you know not like a YouTube read, but a YouTube original. They started financing the show mm-hmm. So we don't know how long that will continue. But at least like towards the end of last year, there were two things that were happening: I think there was a we've. Always we've always sold a lot of integrations like branding, is heard a huge part of what we do and that it became more and more difficult to sell integrations for some reason. Like you, the sponsors themselves were no longer interested or something else. It just seemed that what, whereas you go back to three years ago, everybody was having to turn down I, remember all kinds of opportunities and then, like 18 months 12 to 18 months ago, it seemed like that market kind of changed I, don't know if it was related to people being nervous about YouTube content or whatever. Obviously our stuff has never been anything that anybody should be scared of, but we supplemented all that with you know, doing buddy system writing a book doing a tour. We started just kind of branching out, so we didn't really feel it and then, at the end of last year, when YouTube started financing the show it's like well now, isn't it we get paid a flat feet and make the show it doesn't really matter how I was right, obviously we're doing everything we can to make it. As it's your personal thing, you want the long-term it matters in the short yeah, so it's been interesting, I I feel like because, and also with you know, we kind of we just diversified a lot in the past two years with merchandise and a lot of other things. So it wasn't just relying on YouTube ad revenue and then just integrations, but that whole business has changed. We've just kind of moved out of the way or right at the right time. Mm-Hmm but I, don't know, I, don't know it's very difficult to figure out what's going on because they say they. They say all the advertisers are moving from traditional to digital, but okay, yeah I, don't know I I feel the same thing happened to us right when the ad pocalypse hit. We went from making a lot of money till like barely we're, not gonna within two weeks, which was the scary part like you think you can have some sort of a plan, even though things are never like for sure. We thought well. I was like well no worst case scenario, we'll make this much and then, when a hit, we're making like a quarter of what we thought was worth, what it was. It was good cuz. It pushed us to diversify. Like you guys, okay, look. You just said that you guys ended up doing a book tour and mm-hmm yeah I mean we had seen people doing that stuff for years. You know doing like fan, clubs and patreon hands and all you guys do patreon. We had one, but we closed it. After once, our channel got big, making like a living, I guess like a comfortable living. That's always been our perspective. Yeah I'm, interested in in your in your perspective on that yeah. There are different views about it. I per I. Personally, look my thing with patreon is that a lot of people call it a scam? Okay, people go that far like Philly D, for example, a lot of people say he's scamming people with this patreon I think that's ridiculous. You can't patrons like the most transparent thing ever like people. Everybody knows what they're getting themselves into right. You just you're giving people money, that's the thing personally I, when I would, if I had sponsors and all ton of views and of comfortable living, that I was already providing all everything I needed for myself, and my employees I wouldn't have open a patreon. I mean it's a it's. A little disingenuous I would say this. Maybe yeah I think that's how we've seen it in the past is that this is the thing that, if you, if you can't figure out another way to do it, but I think that the conversation we've been having lately is well. You could do something like that, if the people who were paying into that we're getting something special that no one else could get think that's so and not in a perk sort of way, but in a patreon is just a lane for a certain certain news service it is. It is a subscription service for certain it that you would begin I think so for people separate it's not it's not to then to take the place or to - to bolster what I'm doing over here, where I'm already making a good living yeah, because if you're like, because the whole concept at the beginning was like, if you give us this much money, we'll be able to make this many videos well, once your your videos are being financed by somebody else, you can't justify that Thanks. So I know it's more like the roosterteeth model subscription model and doing that for years, it's like you get. You know you go to the roosterteeth. The channel and you'll be like this lot of content, some of it really pops and a lot of it doesn't. But it's like the the the people who are fans are so come hard or committed from what I would say is if someone- and like your guys's position, for example, wanted to make a patreon I would say, make your own platform service. We had. This discussion would fill it here on the podcast because he gets a lot of criticism yeah. That's an example and I think we both were saying that I think like using patreon has the context that comes with it. Yeah I understand that and I feel, like maybe the you think would be people creating their own platform to give a tree on kind of gets a new connotation well right now we could probably do a thing where it was patreon, but it was white labeled so that it was your website or whatever yeah, and so the mechanics behind the scenes were the same thing. Good stuff, yeah that'd be awesome. You know you guys out there. My blank tree on I think I think if people have something to offer and people are willing to pay for it, then there's just it's a beautiful transaction where everybody's whole and pure right there's nothing to complain, and then you and then you never know what's gonna happen. I mean duck up completely right because I mean things have we had a great year last year did new things that worked. We do a lot of new things that don't work. The GMM is still an ongoing experience experiment. You know the expansion, we're well aware of that. So you never know like this time next year. What are we gonna be saying? How big is our team gonna be? Who knows so? It's just like a portfolio. You know you wanna, you don't want to have it all in one place, I think the biggest issue like either was saying was just the the context of it. Like you, you it's something that's marketed as and how a lot of people use it like I have I get a hundred thousand views per video and I have a hundred thousand subscribers, and maybe I get a thousand dollars a month from from Adsense. But I want to do this full-time and you guys want me to do full-time, so you're gonna pay me that's the context of it. So when you try to use it a different way, I think that you can get criticized by people because you've seen artists taking handouts, so it's important to brand it and in the appropriate way, I was saying yeah. But that being said, let's diversify this portfolio, yeah cut it to the me undies and our other sponsors, so we'll be right back after this brief break. Thank you and God bless. Thank you, too, for hims for sponsoring this episode of a street podcast I'm. Just gonna. Put this bluntly: does your dick work? Does your D wish your dick worked better? Well, sexual performance issues are more common than you think. Over 25% of new IDI cases are guys under the age of 40. What a shame what's EB erectile dysfunction, yellow it's when your dick don't work. Well, let me tell you 40% of men aged 40 struggle from not being able to get and maintain an erection. Even the world's greatest actors can't fake one I guess you can't fake it as a guy, because there is a climax for guys that is lacking and females can't fake that even the world's greatest actor. Why do guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when they can get medicine and make it work again? God and created medicine, and therefore God wants you to have an erection I, don't know for hemes calm, ass, one-stop shop for hair loss, skincar skincare sexual wellness for men, thanks to science, you can take care of your Edie hims is bringing medical grade solutions directly to guys in need medical grade solutions, real licensed doctors, offering well-known generic equivalents to name-brand prescriptions. To give your erection take away the dysfunction from your erection. It's gonna be hard real hard and real easy to get it. Not an herbal supplement subscription solutions backed by science. One edy pill, starting with a V, just came off of patent December 11th, and this is a game changer. If you catch their drift, I do bagger they're talking about I, don't know if I'm not supposed to say that, but there's no waiting room, there's no awkward. Awkwarder visit, there's no lights save hours by going to for hems dot-com. It's so easy! You just answer a couple questions a doctor. Will confidentially review Babu babs your uncle and bang? You got a boner severe Edie, isn't just an issue for ritual guys in bathtubs. It affects men in the 30s and 40s -, so guys hard made easy, say hello to your little friend go-to for hems comm, /h, 3 Edie. Yes, that's H, 3, Edie, I, love that URL. That's for hems, comm, /, H, 3, Edie, try hymns for one month today for just $5 will get you started with just 5 bucks. While supplies last see website for full details. This will cost hundreds of dollars. If you went to a doctor, a doctor or pharmacy for hems comm / h3e deal, that's just come on the world's a better place when dicks stay hard, they get hard easy and they stay hard fast and furious boy. So, if you're in the market for the that I mean hey, it's a problem, guys don't take the medicine to have a good time. Man life's too short thanks for tip for hymns, and thank you to me on DS. Yes, I love me on deuce because they make these softest freakin underwear. This land has ever had. Oh, my god, it's so soft and cozy I. Wear I'm kind of a both blessed ewis man I got a thick waist and when I wear normal underwear it can chase it feels awful. But this don't chase me because it's the softest material ever made it's made for motel. Alright, you want to look good in your underwear and be comfortable right, but that perfect balance is hard to find. Don't sacrifice, style or comfort, because me undies calm and you can find the best pair of underwear in the world. Mandis will be the most comfortable pair of underwear. You will ever own made from sustainably force. Naturally soft fabric. That is three times softer than cotton, feel that and then feel your shirt ela tell me what your softer easily [Laughter]. Do. They not have got will do then have dogs for guys, maybe I like to wear my thongs backwards, so it splits my nuts right down the middle and I like it to be soft. When I do now me undies for the fellas, Mandie's diamond, seemed patch cradle your jewels and give your stuff what they've got diamond seamed pouch cradles for your jewels. Give you the support. You need without feeling too tight. That's what I was saying. Essentially, ladies you'll love the soft eco-friendly fabric, so soft and touchable- and you don't have any balls that get split right down the middle. Your loss 100% satisfaction, guarantee they guarantee. You will love these undies or your money back. You've got nothing to lose by trying it you've got a drawer full of underwear. You start the morning. You take one out, you don't care which pair it is well. Here's my promise to you try these me undies pairs. You've got no risk because it's free shipping and money back guaranteed in them when the morning comes you're, gonna open that drawer and you're gonna go for it every time. This, incidentally, is not male underwear. What again man? My me undies is clean. This is such a good day right now me and you sizing Susan Wofford. Just for our listeners, get 20% off your first pair and free shipping. That's right! Manatees are so sure, you're gonna love that where'd you get a hundred percent gues satisfaction guarantee. So go to my undies comm, slash h3! That's me! Undies Dobbs, slash age 3! It's a limited time offer. So what are you waiting for start wearing the best underwear of your life? It changed my life and it's time to let me undo change. Yours me, Andes, comm, /h, 3, right now, thank you to me on DS for sponsoring us and for him. So this is like the whole package. Man get into Nick, you're gonna be a new man for the show. Thank you so much. Let's get right back into it. Shall we welcome everybody? They actually podcasts live here with rhett and Link. I was just telling the cast, as you guys were in the bathroom. It's it's kind of surreal to be sharing the table with you guys guys I mean you guys are legends man I mean when we were doing the. You know your video and we were like on it when we were in the restroom right now. Yes, we were talking. Compliments behind your back. No! No, but in the restroom oh yeah she was I was just thinking how surreal it is cuz. We used to watch you so long ago, and now it's like we're here together. Well, let me give you a perspective on you, because it's funny, because I think that we don't end up watching a lot of YouTube now right, then we were making a lot of YouTube yeah, but every in and then when I see things that are working when I see things that are popular 99 times out of a hundred I'm like hey I, don't know why be I wish it wasn't right, see, I, don't think it should be I. Remember the first. Is this D or you know, I, move past that the first video of yours that I saw was when I think I saw. The whole debate like it's like I, saw that in like Jeff form at some point yeah the first time, I understood what you were doing was when you had you had idubbbz on he like he came over to your house or whatever Doug noises. Yeah I can't remember exactly what I won we climb. Oh yeah I watched that it was so I started. It may have been trending I, don't know how I found it it wasn't. So what was the title in them? It was seeing the first time, I, think yeah, so I watched that it was like 17 minutes long or something, and then the first thing I'm thinking, because the producer we always evaluate things as a producing the first thing, I'm like wow, why they make it so long, but I've been watching it. The whole time link come in here and I was like this is incredible: I came in there and I was like first I was like. Why are you watching YouTube at work? No, we don't do that watching your video and then I was like I watched it, but then a second but then I started looking and seeing that it was working like people were watching. I was like this makes me feel good, something that yeah I understand and something that I appreciate and is legitimately funny, but and also legitimately innovative like yeah. He was it brought what specifically it broke. The rules it was, it was long. I did not deliver on the title, and the thumbnail I was like there's this guy trying to get into this guy's house, and he can't get in this way, and so long and I was I. Don't know it's like it's that moment when you feel now they've got it, we don't have it yeah honestly there it's like a threat, you know doing it as long as we have it's like you there's this feeling that, like you, I mean we're both well you're about to be 40, I'm, 40 LS that all right. Well, you already there yeah and you know you're always kind of you're, always asking the question is our best work behind us, even though I really believe this in front of us, you know, but to me it wasn't it wasn't it was it wasn't it wasn't active I'm threatened. What's up I, don't understand, it can I, explain and makes me discouraged about just the platform to see certain things. You know, I won't name names to see certain things that get so big and then you're just like yeah. Is this really what this platform is rewarding right now? Wow? That's really sucks, but I had the complete opposite reaction. That's all you got it's amazing, but let me say that it wasn't it wasn't. I didn't perceive you guys as an active threat. I just I know perspective. I, think that I think that was something that happened emotionally yeah, because because the fears that you have of maintaining relevance and making a living- and you know being able to continue to do something, you know use doing something creative and then you see something really good. What I think the bigger thing was? No one say that in my doubt, the thing I loved about it was a. It was very funny and B it broke all the rules, meaning C and maybe I'll get to a D. It made me feel like you're, making exactly what you wanted to make you're not you know it starts to eat away at us when we feel like we're playing a game or like trying to win a win, a game that of YouTube. You know it's like that. It's a it's a rat race. It's like playing a game where the rules are actually changing. So when somebody wins by learning something that there's no way you could have been playing the game, that's what it felt like as a viewer that so then I was left with wow. They must just be legitimately expressing themselves, so it wasn't right, maybe a deep feeling better. The surface thing was like jealousy that, like oh, no man, I would I wish. We could just do exactly what was on our brains right now, but we got to run it through all these filters and we got to talk about the thumbnails and then I I I guarantee you that conversation devolved into a bitter discussion over the amount of time that we would spend on titling and thumbnail. We always complain about that. You know it's like okay, it's you! You! You work hard to make this movie and then the only thing that really matters is that you know the DVD cover art right, I, hate it so much it's! It is, but I'm the one who makes the thumbnails well for sure. Let me just say if it makes you feeling better I think a lot of our fans watching it right now are saying themselves yeah. That was the last good video they made my deep yeah. Thank you. I think that that video was kind of a was a just, a beautiful moment where things lined up for us and and and we had a great collaboration with items. So it was super funny, but I'll say that one of my favorite formats of videos we've made and it's hard to find good people to make it with. Is this format where somebody comes for some reason like we made one with steve-o I know, if you guys saw it it work, I thought that one worked really well. Would you guys want to make a video like that, where you barge into my house to react to something, and then we go on some absurd journey together. I would love, that's that's the template. I would love to do that. Link is given me. [Music] only can do things between the window of seven and nine I hate, saying no and I think in this in the New, Year I think that's I'm not going to use the R word but resolution, but this I mean this has been the year so far of trying to recapture our own ability to be creative outside of a timeline and a structure and a schedule, and it makes it really hard to say yes to anything else. So that's why I got this. Look on my face. It's like I hate, saying no to things that you want to do. You know that's very difficult, but you don't want to say a fake yes, which I appreciate and I just said: I would love. You know what table didn't expect to ever make that video either I would love to. But you know life is life is tricky shredder. Are you destroying ourselves? It's just a wall. Yes, sadly, there's no magician there. Well I would love to make that video with you guys yeah if it ever well. Let's have a tentative commitment. Okay, 36 months I'll tell you find at Evergreen video I'll pitch. You guys an idea, and then you can think about it. Okay, yeah do it I need just one afternoon you just get the ball roll or evening. You know to toss the ball to the fence. That's that's how you get it going, but you guys all have families so is the weekend city. Is it really sacred be sacred yeah, it's gotta, be so sacred. How many kids, you guys have that's good two and three Wow bisect amis, not anymore yeah. Speaking of ice ectomy, video love that one, oh yeah, that's blew my mind. I was like cuz to me. You guys were talking about like how is he doing this? That was kind of one of those videos right where you guys broke the rules. You made a video where you both went and got physec Tamizh together and it's your videos are so family friend showed the [ __ ] face showed the loo. Are you yeah to connect your scrotum to your penis? I mean it's funny funny. If you posted that today, I think would be demonetized. That's actually. That's probably, but maybe age-restricted, even because of that shot, no just a whole pretty well. Do you think a lot of dick talk? Listen, let's talk conspiracy, theory! Let's talk, please! You know now: you're mine, [, __, ], I. Think to me I think that the driving force Fair pooped and he's eating it. He has this awful habit. You can really go. There's some animals that double digesting he's, not one of those, that's a cow. He is once he has once maybe an antelope. He has once ate his [ __ ] and then puked it out and it was a puke [, __ ] awful things have ever seen. Oh Treader I love you, but you really. You eat your own [ __, ], yeah man. He was just licking my face as I gonna go. Oh this guy catching a whiff here. Did we cut this part of Italy or do we let it ride? How can you be so cute and so disgusting at once, like Windex ain't gonna help out with that loose braid and spray it on? You can't see what they're currently spraying Windex yeah he's such a sweet dog Lee. If you'll notice even has not moved from this seat to try to help in any way at all look I got it someone's got a man this ship, that's right, that's what I say: yeah we'd be okay, yeah I mean just give us the topic. Okay, so they've got under control yeah, it's already past that you know yeah, either you're doing a great job. Ethan is trying to give positive reinforcement to cover up the his insecurity with not helping in any way I wish. I could give my boy. How do you discern? How do you make a dog not eat it? [ __ ], that is my dog. My dog is never gonna. [ __ ], it's yeah, I know your keys apparently are curious. They're in the scat is that some people grow it off grow out. Some grow out of it. I've read online and that makes me concerned I. Don't like salsa the sub. Don't cuz I have a feeling he likes it. A lot like he likes eating [ __ ] a lot, and that makes me already. You know what? Maybe you just let him do it about that? It's not good for him! Well any brain and he brings it inside. He goes on the couch. He carries [ __ ], like oh I'm, so happy I've got my new favorite jute. We need pusat. Does he does he insist on going outside to puke it, because that seems like a good closed he's cleaning up? No, no, no, he poops outside and then he brings it inside that strange and then pubes it's a gift on one of his blankets. Oh it was so disgusting. I chose it outside and he's just trying to offer you guys a gift. It could be a formative period in your relationship. We gotta just take a nibble of this very well just accept his graciousness. Okay. So back to the conspiracy theory, yeah, so I know that was you. That was your diversion and not have to go back. I'm not even gonna, say conspiracy, because I'm gonna, let you fuel the conspiracy I'm, just gonna, I'm gonna, give you the perspective. So one of the things that we talked about is it seems like most of the trends are the things that end up popping on YouTube right now. It's driven by shredders, alright, I think this is your first child you've got like your new parents. Yes, we're running around God you've gotta set boundaries. Guys you've really got I. How do you is apply? A little him wrapped around my dog's finger. Trust me I. Think as I know, links dog can't do anything I understand, that's what I when I first got him. I was like we're. Not gonna feed him human food. We're gonna, put him in his cage. We're gonna. Do this right, good, just one dog good for everyone yeah, he doesn't even eat his food anymore. He's waiting for us to feed him. He isn't eating today. Cuz he's waiting for us to give him like food steak. Oh see it's too late. Look God you've got it. You gotta hit the reset button now yeah. What do I do, or just get a second dose right on the taint? That's what it's like for restart, as in getting your dog know, add a second dog. How does that help and you won't care about either one as much, because you won't be able to you? Don't have that much love I mean I'm. Just you divide it up. How much your kid, then you care less. You know, that's that feels better yeah yeah people have more kids love each child. Less I mean yes, I. Have this love to give with actual humans? I mean you? Should you shouldn't feel bad at all doing it with with a dog somehow I feel like because he's so cute and innocent and blameless it's harder with him, even though down the kid so who knows great babies, they have a comment. I, don't know blameless, they're, always cute I just watched him eat his own feces. But you know his intentions were good, but, as Rhett said you probably just wanted to hear, you should never tell what am I doing telling somebody else how to parent. You know I mean it's like the rule. Number one I'm, sorry all right, let's all hit the thing: that's driving popularity and views on YouTube right now are the tastes and habits of children. Thank you for acknowledging that, because that's something that most people don't understand, because you said, for example like when I see something popular I, don't understand. Why and my answer, which has held true throughout the time. I'd always say, is kids, it's kids right and now we have to be careful. How we talk about this because a lot of people just assume because good mythical morning is generally family-friendly. We we approach and cross some lines, but it's pg-13 at worst, a lot of people just relate whether your shows for kids. Well, if you look at the analytics on GMM, the number one demo is 18 to 24. The number two demo is 25 to 34, and the number three demo is the 13 to 17 is the is. That is a younger crowd. We do have a lot of kids who watch just because of the nature of this show. So because people go well, did you you guys are making a kid show or not we're making a show, that's accessible to kids, but it's not for kids that might be completely attention any posts Malone, for example, watching every day, god bless his soul. Right I knew he was a fan, but when he started calling out specific things from episode, so he really is a family. Yeah, he's told me he watched you guys, everyone I know I turned to him when he was on the show in between things and I was like man. It is really nice to have somebody on the show. That's cool know that I mean like that's. It feels good yeah. Someone like him he's a he's, a cool right. So let's reach that. But you see you have these things that are working and you're like it is the taste of kids, it's what it's what they want is it you know it's. You know it's my van nine year old and he is a nine year old cousin back in North, Carolina and, like I, saw the stuff that they were bringing up on YouTube when kind of left to their own devices. But I went back around Christmas. What was it you don't want to say: I can I, take a guess. I think we all know was it Logan, Paul, no I, wouldn't I. Wouldn't let my kids watch the Paul's. It wasn't the Paul's was it the gums. It was something that it was something it was some risk um. No, you know it was something that was in for nine-year-old. It was totally family friendly, but it was like lots of like very lots of yelling and I'm, saying things in a way that so kids will listen to me and doing things that kids enjoy, and you know okay, interesting. She and I don't have doing some things that we do on our show. But if you add them in a way that is obviously packaged for very small children, just pay attention, kids and I. Don't have anything against that kind of content. But what I have a problem with is when that kind of content is driving all the the dynamics of the platform that I'm trying to make a living on, and for you guys, if you're doing something that is, you know it's not it's not as broadly accessible I mean. Obviously there are kids who watch, but it's just like it's more adult-oriented than the stuff that we do yeah it's stuff. That is more likely to be demonetized under certain rules. It's just like I. Just don't understand what the I don't know what the solution is, but I think the problem is, is that everything is so much of. What's being, is being driven by these tastes of what kids want, and so, therefore you just get things that become unwatchable to adults and well devil's advocate for a second but isn't YouTube. Doesn't everybody have the power to upload a video? Of course? Doesn't and doesn't everybody have the power to find an audience? No to monetize, then yeah? No, you don't have the same power as somebody who doesn't have their videos. I would say back in the day. That was true. There was a pure democratic process of like the best rises to the top, but in today's world YouTube back-end is controlled by machines and classifiers and algorithms that the people are working. Youtube, probably don't even understand how they work right. They give them information, and then they they're it's machine learning right. So they watch a million videos and then they show they have all these really complicated algorithms. They show videos to average users, and this one dick got less clicks, and this one got less watch time and it's just this huge insane fathomable, no human could understand it huge working machine and there's just way more kids on YouTube. Then there are adults and they sit there and they'll watch the same video over and over again yeah. A lot of videos will get kids with the way they listen to. Music is they'll, put one song on and they'll, listen to it for 40 times in a row right yeah children do yeah adults, don't do that normal adults. Don't do that well-adjusted, adult so you're saying. Is that a shot at me, cuz I? Don't do that? No and so I'm saying that I have observed children watching YouTube videos and they watch they get into by the way we do not recommend don't watch kids watch YouTube, it's like a whole layer, so they'll click on the video. You know watch the same thing over and over in theory that there's people re watching videos and it's fudging- the numbers well I- think definitely that's part of it host you get they. Should that really blows. My mind is like these toys channel reviews and we talked about how there's no viral videos anymore. These have like a hundred million freaking views. Really views is a huge but I. Remember the way we thought about. You know we had these. We were talked about the other day. We had this Baby Einstein was this thing that was I he's, probably still right. It was a DVD see, I mean I had VHS copies that were given to us when Lily was a baby, she's 14 now yeah. So we would. We would put the kids down in front of this. It was, but it was just. It was just this DVD where kids would be playing with stuff, and you know it was footage of hands playing with hands playing with toys classical music and because it was called baby Ines, maybe was making our kids smarter series. Okay, this should trips me up. How does YouTube or the DVD people who ever how do they decide that this person with hands or this person playing with spider-man else, however, is better like what subtle, weird [ __ ]? That I don't understand me. Are these like masterminds, like evil geniuses who play with the Barbie doll the right way they end up getting 100 million views, then there's well. Ten thousand I, don't know how to do the same thing. I, don't know not figured it out to begin with, but I do know that they took the same principle and listen. I would take a DVD and we'd be on a vacation. I might have just brought one right well, my kids would watch it five times in a row and I feel it horrible as a parent for having to let my kids watch that much screen time at that time. But sometimes when you have kids, that's just the only way you can escape and sometimes they eat their own feces right principle. That's operating the same operating in those hundred, that's where those hundred million views are coming from yeah and I. Think it's in one sense: it's a good thing, but if it's shaping everything else and it's influencing everything else and those I don't have any announcers I, don't know what the answer it's like all goes to one pool yeah the problem that I see on YouTube. Now that really grinds my gears, as they say, is the Paul brothers. The kids stuff doesn't bother me because here's how I see it there's all these eight seven six five year olds, who are consuming so much content and they're gonna grow up someday and they're gonna be coming looking for our videos, the kids today, the twelve and that's true of the teenagers too, but they're the idols, the people that these people look up to the Paul Brothers. But that's kids too. That's young kids, it is a driving I would say it's like between eight and fifteen okay yeah. These are like really awful people, as we've learned it in the case of the Paul Rose and before it became public knowledge where we all were like. Oh yeah, these guys are low character, people they were being promoted by YouTube. They had, they had movies they're being recommended. They were, in my opinion, as far as I can tell a very conscious effort was made to promote them because they knew that their appeal was so strong and and undeniable. So I really do fear about like youth being corrupted in a way. Well, there's no filter like on television executives, I I agree with one part of that so and when I say kids, I'm, I guess I am including, like 8 to 12 8 13 8 to 14, because I am thinking about not not just the toy videos, but I am talking about because those are different there. They are. Those are like -, that's like that's just yeah, but but but so, though, in the way that a toddler will watch a toy video with very little discretion, a twelve-year-old will watch the Paul Brothers with no ability to see they don't know what's beyond yeah, what work, what character is right and so and be able to see somebody who's? Just me me me me: this is what I own this is. Who I am? This is my world. This is this. Is my pasta? You want to be a part of this kids haven't developed. The a lot of kids haven't developed the moral compass yet to make decisions about. This is probably not the kind of person that I want to spend a lot of time, buying their stuff and watching their content, and so but but your theory is that they've been you know, manually push no doubt I mean just look at Logan and Jake Paul were like a bit centerpiece of YouTube rewind channels, like us, I mean well I'm, there's huge channels that have been in the past three years, huge channels, you guys know like filthy Frank, for example, idubbbz channels like these have dominated the prior years in terms of growth and views. They're not invited, and meanwhile locum take Paul are front and center they're being offered shows- and you know, when you give someone a movie or show through you to read. Generally, they come with a certain amount of promotion. I personally have a conspiracy theory that there is some backroom chats about who to promote, and sometimes it's great. Sometimes it's not when vine collapse, all these whiners came over and they all the Sun just dominate the whole platform. Jake and Logan Paul providers. There's people like Liza Koshu, who I think is super talented, I love. Her sure she has deserved success, but her growth was, in my opinion, on organic yeah, hers and all of her contemporaries and well we're huge fans of hers as well. Huge fan and I think I put her in the category of someone that first of all met her and she's like a quality person. Yeah I have to agree, and also her content is like you get it. You see it in your like this is like a special talent. This is a person. That's got special, so good Tahlia, and it's not something that just twelve girls are into it's something that I can watch and be super entertained by when it gets to theories about why something pops and why something doesn't pop. It's just it's like took me. It's like looking into just an abyss. Well, we can speak for the the growth of good mythical morning when it really started the subscribers started to really gain exponentially a few years back. We went to YouTube headquarters in order and we and we made the rounds in in music departments, but after what, after your huge explosion, this in the middle, not in the middle in the middle of so this was what four years ago this is like. 12, 25, 2015, okay, there, the question the point of us going up. There was to collectively figure out how it was happening. Interesting yeah I mean it was when you guys started exploiting. Was it just kind of like you were doing your thing, you're doing thing all then all of a sudden you're just like yeah? Well, they I mean the algorithm was tweaked and it was trying we were talking to algorithm. People like I was I was joking with them. Who's gonna show me the algorithm I want to go into the room where the rhythm sits, you know and they were kind of laughing, but then they're like well. We can't you know we a couple of people, thought I wasn't joking and they gave me the serious answer which was, but we did. We can't show you we did you know, but because there is no, they did. We went into the room with the engineers and then we went in there. Here's the algorithm and he turned his laptop around. It was all this code and then he turned it back around, but my point is I mean in all those meetings that we had with with the technical algorithm people as well as I, don't I mean we met with so many people when I made the rounds that day in San Bruno, but it was trying to figure out what contributed to the success story. You know they were, they were analyzing and and and trying to read the tea leaves of their own algorithm to figure it out. So it started. There certainly wasn't one team that we met with. That was like yeah. We did it yeah, because I I mean they're. Very you know, don't get me wrong, I'm, not here to toe the line for anybody, but that's honestly, the impression I got when we went up there. It was like hey check out. They did a presentation check out this amazing success of good mythical morning in terms of watch time like a night, you know and then, and then they were trying that we're trying to figure it out in the room. I find that interesting that you guys were looking outward and said being like hey, our shows are great and of course, was it that simple. So for me, the analogy I like to think of is it's like a it's like an ecosystem right and you've got an ecosystem is constantly trying to reach equilibrium. Just you know, you've got an island, that's got different animals and those animals represent different channels right and it's being, but you've got humans who come in and they tinker with the ecosystem because they have the power to do that and they make these little changes, and they don't realize that. Oh well, if all of a sudden, we, you know, kill some of these rats, then all of a sudden there'll be less cats or kin. That's the fitting is fitting in this analogy about YouTube, but so I think that sometimes people are there. Tinkering with things so to play the devil's advocate and try to be a little sympathetic to that side of it to the YouTube side of it. It's like I think, ultimately, what they want is they want a healthy platform. That's got that's rewarding people who are doing who are doing great content. That's going to make them a lot of money. You know is going to please advertisers. Since now, advertisers have suddenly said. We demand to be to be associated with content that isn't gonna compromise our brand, which I understand and respect that I to there, but sometimes I think that you've got a lot of people working on this thing and pressing a certain button, that's a movie tree and then all of a sudden. It's like whoa, there's this imbalance, and now this thing is happening. Now we're a little bit embarrassed and now we have to come out and do some PR things so I can't imagine how difficult it is to manage it. One thing I'll say for sure: there's a ton of different teams there and they all don't really communicate with each other, because it's such a big company. So what you're saying is definitely true. I think when the one around the time you guys blow up was around the time that a lot of channels blow up it was kind of like a new wave I think like PewDiePie, jacksepticeye and markiplier were all blowing up as well that the watch the switch the watch time was that one was around that time, yeah and I and I think they were looking for shows like you guys. You guys were in the right place, right time, you're, making great content and and it's what they wanted. I did gently right. We've always said that was right, place right time, yeah we've always, but when you say they were looking for, shows I I think I think what what what we understood was that nobody looked at our show and made any decision, because then they said, oh, is that what we want people to stay on the platform, so we're gonna reward? This is what we were told. It made sense we're gonna. The algorithm has been adjusted to reward people stayin on the platform. Videos that keep you watching youtube videos, not even the same channel on the platform. So the you know you don't abandon the video you you, you watch, you retain through the video if they're longer and you're retaining them even better. So if it's a let's play or if it's two guys behind a desk algorithm, don't care as long as oh wow. This is 12 minutes, 20 minutes well in another in another and another, because the first thing that blew up with the watch time algorithm was gaming channels and then natures and then so all the Let's Plays got here. You know what I think they tweaked it and it tweets in time. It was a game. It wasn't gaming channels, it was leafyishere, I think single-handedly killed. I, don't want more by the way when you guys were coming I, don't think they ever made any any choices and I think like the growth of channels like leave, he's here as proof of that because it was all about watch time is king. Have you know about him yeah so he's like he? He was. It was either guy who basically invented the lets playing and doing commentary at the same time. Kinda didn't ban it, but he popularized it. Okay. He would just talk over footage of video games yeah, but he was a real nasty guy yeah. He would make fun of kids and people with autism and, like he was just a real nasty guy right and he was blowing up. He was getting like I remember. He was posting every day, yeah he's posting every day, but I remember one month. He was getting like like over him to three million subscribers in a month or so or not that much, but it was insane right. He was. He was the fastest growing channel at YouTube for like six months, and everyone was just like man. This guy is [ __, ], awful yeah he's a really trashy dude I feel like they directly reacted to that yeah. Let's play is inherently aren't a like existential threat, in my opinion, yeah well, and if you you know, and basically well I, remember thinking that it I cut you off clear. Well, everything that we've ever been told is that it is it is, it is the algorithm, and that is the soul. You know force behind this thing and it is difficult as that is to believe you. It seems like if you've got. If that is the case, then, if you've got one person, who's sort of screwing, that up for all, let's plays then they've got to make a change to the algorithm. But then everyone gets swept up in that I'm just supposed to just targeting that one person yeah. So it does kind of make sense when you see certain genres suddenly- and maybe you know if all of a sudden this the apocalypse thing is rewarding the safest most, you know kid-friendly content. It makes sense that you know a kid unboxing toys is gonna, get a hundred million views good. It's not that simple, obviously, but it does seem like now, though, to go back to your original point that there is kind of a there's, a very doom and gloom right now, I feel like on YouTube and in the sense of what people are watching to and I don't know I. It's I get frustrated with YouTube because they they actively ignore content, that's geared towards adults, they don't promote it, they don't give and I can't say like they exclude it from the algorithm. I wouldn't say anything that dramatic, but they certainly don't give them YouTube red, shows or movies or any of the other service that they give to other people like Logan and Jake Paul, for example, and for us or you guys, but you're I, don't know if it's uh I, don't know if it's an age thing or a family-friendly thing, but either way they're. Just there's such like [, __, ], I, don't know just annoying. It's like it used to be the Wild West sees. What do you want? Are you offering you got connected? I? Don't I, don't I want to see more adult content. I agree. Well, what do you think of I? Remember the the very beginning of the Apocalypse and and I guess it was I. Remember the video was it was offensive for some like it was like a it. Was racist or something I liked the member you mean the PewDiePie video? No not that, but the very first light when, like some brand was Isis, which, let's be honest, pretty bad place Brad so I see video. So this is this. Is this? Obviously, this is not something that any brand wants, but it seems like the reaction to that was to suddenly d monetize a whole host of videos. That I mean their advertisers have been associated with non family-friendly content since the beginning of advertising course, so I, just I that never computed. For me, it was like okay, I was upset with the advertiser, so I was like: okay, listen! Yes, there was an anomaly somebody, your your your! Your commercials came before a video, that's awful and that doesn't associated with that exact and it's nobody's like watching the Isis recruitment, video and being like. Oh my god, coke. It's not something that happens all the time. It's obviously was a mistake. It's an obviously YouTube. You know, but we're in a super reactionary time right now, where, if you don't take a stand for that kind of thing, and it's like if one brand says well we're out of here because of this anomaly, and then the next brand doesn't say we're out of here as well think something's wrong with them. That's the word. That's well that's way things fortunately even did when a lot of companies were boycotting other companies continued spending, and there was a lot of media articles like shaming the company's suspend and it's like well, which is I mean it's just. It makes absolutely no sense. I'll tell you this a couple months ago, during the shooting in um in Las Vegas, that awful tragedy seeing I was watching. Cnn live I, put on TV I, wanted, updates and they're rolling to five minute commercial breaks. While it's happening exactly so, will you tell me what what are the those brands that are buying member olih? But, yes, they attack people on YouTube. You can't talk about those things on YouTube. If you talk about those things, you get D monetize it who the brands are having a crisis of conscience. I, don't understand what they're thinking, if they're, if you're willing to run ads on any news channel any any news channel at all tragedy, awful things, Ulta a lot of people say that it's a it's a you know an actual effort to either advertisers to get price reductions or traditional media trying to deal legitimacy to I, don't know, there's a lot of. Does that hold that whole deal I mean that that that hurt the movement towards you know, I think the thing that YouTube hasn't seen yet is it hasn't seen that sort of culture defining product right in a way that, like you, know, Netflix or Amazon? Some of these other they've created these properties that everyone is talking about in a positive way in adults or talking about them at a positive way. Adults are only talking about the negative things that they finally realized. Their kids have been watching. I mean that's the way. It's yeah, that's way. It's exploded, yeah and so I. Just think. If you're, if you're desperate to create those things that really define the cultural conversation around entertainment, it's yeah- you got I I wish I could say I just wish. They would have taken a stand against some of the brands, but they you can't because I the brands are holding holding the money. Well, a lot of people said well. What are they gonna do not come back. It's where all the views are yeah I would have loved to see that, but their advertising company. Let me ask you guys this. You said you wouldn't let your kids watch the polls. What do you guys think about the Paul brothers? How are you I only ever watched one video, so that does make it more difficult for me to answer mm-hmm, you know, cuz I knew I mean we knew we met Logan, we met Logan at something years ago. I was like it's a fun. This is he he was from vine right, yes and I. Think that's that's when we met him in New York at some event, and then we exchanged numbers somehow and then you know, I was exchanging texts with him years ago. When it was hey. I got this movie move I'm working on I want you guys to be in it some movie that hasn't happened mm-hmm. It may not happen. I guess I certainly haven't talked to him, since any of this yeah I mean I. Think I think my impression again never met Jake. My impression was up until this last having not really watched any of the content except just kind of went. Something went wrong. I think my impression was that Logan's cool, you know I think I would always say. I would be like look that it's not my kind of thing I'm not into it, but like I, met him one time he seemed like a cool guy. I mean it was definitely like a little too high energy for my personal taste, but then I was like, but then I was like, but Jake I mean Jake's got some issues you know, but unfortunately, I had to say. I just feel like that look is kind of falling into the same path. It's you know, there's there's a lot of vloggers there's a first of all, there's just a lot of people in general. In fact, most people are all about this. It's all about me! It's all about my world. It's all about my Empire! It's just some of us are better at hiding it than others, but I think the thing that's that's scary for me is when we get to a place where people can own it without any shame at all can make everything about them and their perspective. It's almost a selling point and then, and then no one is there to call them out on it right. Who's like they can develop. Just hordes and hordes of fans who just say hold on. Is it I? Don't think it's cool that everything that this dude says is about getting the attention back on to himself yeah that that's the one video I watched over your shoulder the well it was it wasn't if, after his return he's only seen the comeback, video I've only seemed to come back. No, no, after that, when he was in today, it was an announcement video. We was just giving an update on. He was standing next to the pool talking about okay, okay, yeah every greatness was back. He was, he was standing of in front of his pool with the guy, with with his entourage, jumping in and out of the pool and hitting each other. You know espousing his greatness and I was shocked, I mean you keep waiting for the punchline honestly I was keep waiting for the punchline and then you're like no. This is it serious. I I heard him best described as he's like the embodiment of somebody that you think is awesome when you're like 12 you're, like that's the coolest guy ever who I want to be yeah if you're, if you're a certain 12 year old I mean I, have I have one of those and I, don't think he would say that I know my 14 year old says that she never have anything to do with watching any of their videos and that's not based on any conversations. We've had I just asked her what her opinion was. Probably middle schools, maybe high schools, is a little bit outside the range, but it's like it's the Pollard's first, the low game and they all wear merch like little gang wars. It's pretty nuts, five from what I've heard well better. You know interesting Lee. So if you think about hip-hop yeah, it's very analogous to them. So you go back to the early days of hip-hop and hip-hop as it exists today, and it's just like this bravado and just bragging about who you are and what you have in. But, let's not say all of, but but there's there is a. That is a part that there is a large slip. The bling culture yeah the bling so because I got a 13 year old and and we try to be pretty liberal about the things that he can enjoy and he can make his own choices more than I, more choices than I had and so he's pretty much allowed to listen to any music that he wants to, and so, but the thing is, as I tell him. This is like I want you to be able to tell the difference between Kendrick Lamar and low pump. You know I'm, saying I want you there yeah, because because one is like super thoughtful and thinking about, where is this cultural conversation going Kendrick and then you got a little pump, which I can't even name a song, but it's just like it's like for the is for the club or first listen to that. He can't hear ya. Dad I listened a little pump when I want to get pumped up before a basketball game and I listen to Kendrick Lamar when I want to think about something and I was like just as long as you have the ability to decipher that yeah, but but because there is that, but I think that what the Paul brothers are doing right now. Is it's just completely clouding that, because in hip-hop you can be like if you, if you were to sit down with some of these hip-hop artists, who are all about me me me and their content and you just had a conversation with them. You probably be like that's just my act, yeah sure, but but I think that the vlogging is blurring the line between well acting was the person and I think that yeah the vlog becomes the person big time. I was written. You know if you even go back six months ago or even a year ago, even further and watch Logan's vlogs he's like a normal guy yeah, like I, said I, remember a few years ago meeting him and just thinking like this guy's high a little high energy he from for me, but yeah I'm, like you, seem like a genuine dude who was just trying to make it yeah like that that video guys mentioned we were goofing on Logan Paul and at the time I mean Gila. We were like he's not that bad. You know. Maybe he doesn't deserve it like. We really thought, like you know he he exaggerated it. Maybe it's not that bad! We gave him like. We thought about naive and making the video cuz. We don't felt a little bad, making fun of him for that fast forward today and he's stomping around his 8 million dollar mansion tasting dead rats. Yeah way to me this may be, you know, I, don't know that that has any indication on well I mean this may be to me. Obviously the suicide forest video was crossing so many lives. It was just the dumbest thing out. That was the sum of how disconnected, but it was, it was just a symptom yeah. It was just a symptom and it's just like you, you can its the videos where he's stomping around the around the house and bragging about who he is and what he has now. You should join the gang that are ultimately more problematic in my mind, but that is like all these videos. Now that's what yeah, because if you isolate the incident, the suicide forest, it's way worse, because it's it take. You know, taking advantage of this person disrespecting that's coming too I stand there, but it's it, but it is. It is a sort of a peek symptom of a bigger underlying problem that and that's why, when everybody gets so upset about the one thing and they're like he did, this is so bad. You two better make a stand. You two better! Just kick him off. Let's sign up, let's do a petition petitions people want to do petitions all the time to get. People kicked out of I, don't want. They got kicked off of a pledge. The platform I want people to develop the wherewithal to make a decision to not watch it. We can't we just expect our kids are growing up in a culture right now where, because that would that would take care of we, we want the organizations and charge to make all the decisions for us. We want you Twitter to know. We want you YouTube to ban this person. What can we just go? Quip, the kids with a mind that makes a decision to just filter themselves. You know I'm saying, but that's the parents responsibility responsibility, but, like I said, would that would lock it's like, as opposed to saying you can't listen to this and listen I'm, not trying to say I'm a good parent I'm doing my best, but my intention in doing this whole thing of letting him be exposed to things and then but learning how to decipher is in an effort so that he develops in mind that when he leaves the house it's like, he can make his own decisions about stuff. He doesn't need to block somebody on Twitter because they offend him sure you know what I'm saying yeah absolutely or expect Twitter to ban somebody because they offend him. Yeah I mean you know. I was there's a part of me. That's I'm concerned for him as a as a human. You know that is, you know, he's made he's 22 he's made these horrible decisions they're both very young and now he's he's he's just doubling down on just his self aggrandizement. You know it's like he's doubling down. That's true. He and it is that. Is that a trap, you know. Is he falling into a trap that he's set for himself, you know and and bringing all of these people that he's influencing along with him, so I mean before him? We learned the lesson to not judge a person just based on the content. They because it wasn't. You know we. We we made the mistake of judging people just based on. Oh what the the content they make in my opinion is obnoxious and then you would meet the person in real life wow. This is actually. This is a human mm-hmm, and this and okay they're playing a character. That's working, you know it's they're, they're they're gaining traction. You know they and at a certain point, it's like you can't help yourself here. You know at a certain point. It goes too far. He certainly gone too far. Yeah, and so that's that's the difference here. I still feel for the guy yeah that you know it's like. Can somebody just intervene on an interpersonal level? You know I know someone who ran into him a week ago and just not on camera, not in any profession. Just like on the street. I was like man if that was me. Well, what I've said or I just told you I have his I have his number. It may not be his number anymore. Should I text the guy? You think that I would like to talk just reach out on a human level on a human level. I, don't know yeah cuz, that's the thing. I don't want to see the downfall of Logan or Jake. That's I, just what I would love to see is just an acknowledgement that this is not a healthy way to see yourself or the world. You know what I mean sure and also because it cuz, because there's just so many kids who are just so captivated by right now and you can't- and you also can't behind behind well my contests not for kids I mean parents should be making the parents should be the ones if you're, if you're doing content like he's doing you're going to attract that audience and it would that becomes a you know, great responsibility, so I don't know I I still I think in the end, hopefully, I mean first of all, the the crazy meteoric success that they're enjoying right now and nobody ever that never lasts yeah right, I mean eventually sure yeah, and so maybe before that ends where they still got a platform. Though okay, the suicide forest thing seemed like the perfect event to bring about that kind of self-realization. Honestly thought I was gonna, see a meaningful change from that and he came back. What I saw was someone trying to make a point that they weren't gonna change, because everybody wanted them to like he was pandering to his audience and coming back like bigger and crazier. That's what I saw right, yeah, that's what yeah in the one video I saw. He was bragging about the petition and then he said, I'm gonna sign the petition right. You know and I. You know it's. If you're it's, it could be a coping mechanism for what's what he's the pain? What do you having all those people actually hate you just and yeah? And it's you know and unfortunately, the coping mechanism of doubling down on it? It's gonna work, it's working yeah. You know it's making it worse for him and everybody else eventually right. It's an interesting thing and to their credit, this is something we've never seen before the popularity of those two guys and what they've done and like they've revolutionized like merch. Oh, it's Rafi, honest. We are thinking about merch differently, since we've seen what they're doing and every youtuber is. We are it's a team I've heard rumors. These are just rumors, I, don't know, but that Logan makes 10 million dollars a month. Selling merch could be possible every every every middle schooler, apparently is rockin maverick merch. As far as I know, yeah I mean but yeah. The way that he's built a brand- that's that's bigger than himself yeah, all that yeah. There are things to be commended and there are things that can can that we can all learn from, but it's just the when there's not a separation between that character and the real person. That's the problem that dad's that's what and and and to give the guy full credit if I was 22 years old and had that level of success, I, don't know that I would have been any better off. Oh that's, uh! That's uh! You got lucky with who we hired. We also got lucky with the fact that we were basically 30 right with kids. We were you know, I mean not not that old, but when all this happened- and it was like- you know- man when I was 22 years old as a teenager Fame as a teenager that would have been what was that done at 22, I wasn't doing anything. I was playing video games, I was worthless to this planet at 22, I had no value as a human being I. Can you really I'm not being hard on myself? We we didn't find success on YouTube till her late 20s, also right, yeah, I, think that makes a big difference. So yeah I mean you have to be that forgiving, but it's it's can I, show you something just to kind of segue out of this topic and just lighten the mood a little bit. Okay, it may actually do the opposite. I hope it doesn't. What do you think about this I wanted to show them to by that merge song by Jake Paul, it's just so fun and I think you got as musicians as a you know, triple threats as a song over the year. I think that you guys will appreciate it is a new song. No, he made it around Christmas time, yeah, it's a Christmas, okay, my gonna look at where am I gonna point my face to look at this: what's gonna be on the TV screen yeah, it was a Jake Paul, all I want for Christmas, so him and and his brother went on this- just completely brutal competition, two summers because they have the same fans and December's. As you know, the biggest time of the year to sell stuff- and so they both just went balls, they both made like 10 songs but they're, all they're, all elaborate poised to sell merch, and so it came to a head when Jake Paul made this song, though it's just to this day, I think it's on the sound board dan. Can you grace us I actively decide on a daily basis, not to watch this type of style, yeah and you're? You listen. This is your my house. Now you don't have to say anything. I just want you to enjoy it because I know you're, not gonna. Watch this you're gonna go home. He doesn't really go. Tell your mom she's got to buy this song. You guys got to watch more. We never do that even is shameless as we are about getting people to buy our there's this built-in governor that there's there's a certain amount of shame. The shame meter starts going up right, but maybe we're just not being honest with ourselves. Maybe Logan and Jake just just represent perfect honesty at this point, and we should just be making songs about how you should buy our emergency. If we really want you to buy our merch alter, the filter is gone. That is interesting there. It, and maybe this is the maybe this is a future ethic. Maybe this is just so I know how you looking a person's got merged. Well, you know, how would you look back I? We feel the same way about our merge and why we choose not to say it because we're you don't want to proclaim it to the world. Well, just be embarrassed. This is the future Bharat make less money than be so embarrassed, but knowing you know, but what Rhett saying is that boy, if I, if I, if I, threw that cost awareness yeah the shelter, the self-awareness out the what people wouldn't, if you write a song like this, thank you. You think your fans would respond. Well, I mean they would by that much they well they. They would know that it was a joke like at this point, but what? If it wasn't? If it wasn't a joke, you think about the type of communities that we so I on our community for a little bit the mythical beast. It's like I think that we have built a very quality community like we did a thing today. That's gonna go up in March, where we're getting people to sign up for something. That's potentially could save people's lives. I want to get into the details, because I want to wait for the episode, but, like we got done with the episode, I was like hey I, think that was a great use of the platform and like it makes me feel as good about anything we've ever done and B I really think we're gonna get a lot of people to do this, because I think we have a an amazing fan base and so I think that we've a decade of the kind of content that we've created as and then you get into this loop, where you start creating content for the audience. You know- and it's just like I'm doing things, trying to anticipate what they're gonna like and I think if you've got a good community, you ain't that makes your content better, ultimately and so. I think we've gotten to this place, where we can't get away with that, because they wouldn't let us get away I like the keeping you I'll say we wouldn't let ourselves get away with it. But at this point I like to think that we build a community that would that keeps us in line well. I'll say to you guys, credit there's, not many channels on YouTube that can build to the size. Do you guys have without participating in drama or mudslinging or anything beyond just pure entertainment, which is what you guys do and I think, which is why you guys are so beloved by us and everybody in YouTube to is, because you guys are just honest-to-god entertainers and you don't [ __ ] with any of the peripheral stuff on YouTube that like and we're I mean our biggest explosions came from drama from one where they're, just frankly, speaking right yeah they come for that. You guys did it the hard way, the honest way with you, but then you get us a talk some drama than today, but yeah. Nothing that we said have been said before exactly I bring good honest people in here and I squeeze them for the bats. No, but seriously like and and I think that's kind of more. The problem again feeds back into what we were talking about earlier to kind of just wrap this up this whole conversation up. You can't really get big on you to anymore without giving in to the dark side. Huh. Do you agree with that? I, don't know I guess we'll see I'm waiting to see like besides this like vloggers invasion, that's the big thing right! What's the next thing, I think this year's gonna tell us a lot yeah I'm, looking forward to seeing what what's next yeah I I have hope. Me too I mean yeah. If you, you know, go back to life that you talked about her yeah, you know, I, think she's, she's, she's, pure and good yeah, and you know what I regret that I said that her growth is organic because I don't want to take away the credit she deserves for being great, even though I may think that, but I don't want I. She deserves the success she has Yeah right and I. Don't think she would have got to where she wears shoes, less talented anyway. Let's, let's, let's fight, let's do a hard right turn here. Let's get off this now give me that chorus. One more time, though just you okay, but that's really all this. What all I want for Christmas is that Jake Palmer, my the favorite line that I love, it's gonna, be it's gonna, [ __ ] your whole night, you gotta, buy at all good talking about you merged before we got you what's going on here, Murch man, I'm telling you merch is worth flip. It's at my dudes. This is some lip balm. Can't rival. Do you arrive on my lip balm? You guys have some weird stuff. No, no, don't ask yeah yeah I. Do you mind that up friends, my closest friends in North Carolina just started a company and they were making like soaps and lip balms and stuff? It was working, but doing this on the side and there and we were just home for Christmas a couple years ago. Things like what, if you you and Link sold a lip balm, yeah actually I was put I was I, was getting him to put on a beard oil that I had it cuz. He hadn't just grown his beard. He was like I can make this I've been interested in making this. So he made a beard oil for me, a lip balm for link, and then we were just like almost as a it. It wasn't. Even it wasn't a joke, but it kind of again yeah Murchie, but it was like legit like they did all this research they may, and we like, put a lot of time into the development people sort of buying it. Now I got a permit, we've got it call me. We have a cologne that is priced at new audiences. Over yeah, you sell beard accessories for Christ's sake, right yeah, so it's been I, don't know, it's been it's a fun experiment to to try these things and like they're like legitimate products but yeah. What's the link come on March at we saw your merch over there you want us to. We will keep all the money yeah we're just. What's that funnel. You guys are somewhat known for eating and doing gross awful miserable things on your shelf right. What is the grossest miserable most regretful thing most suffering you've endured during that process? The most suffering is that is the hot peppers. Without a doubt, hmm, it is take those like ma most recently, though, the one that we ate for the we were challenged by benjamin juma babish right. Did he do it. He challenged he. He ate a hot pepper, some some kind. So then we ate a trinidad scorpion which is actually not as hot as the carolina reaper we had eaten before. But something happened, man if something broke: yeah yeah whenever we eat stuff we're also thinking of how we can we be entertaining. You know it's like eat, the hot pepper and it's like I'm dying, but I have to make this funny yeah. You watch that video you just give up yeah, but that's almost the most. How did you he had a great? What was that I felt pretty good I was hurting pretty bad, but I I could tell that something bloomed in his stomach, like you know each peppers different and you don't know what you're gonna get what's already in there in your stomach and I knew he would never I mean so we I mean it was it was life I mean there's, no, there's no cutting in the middle of this thing. So wait. You guys did a lot well, I mean once we started. We said alright for 10 minutes we're not going to eat or drink anything. When we had different stipulations for the Carolina Reaper for 10 minutes, we didn't eat or drink anything. We just said there and took it. That was the that's. What we decided, that was, how you wanted the show format to be right, so I knew when he went. I looked back there and he was in the fetal position on the couch. How long in the bed was after the 10 minutes? No, that was during that 1 minute. You didn't make it and then we went through good mythical more so that's another! That's another Damon in the same position. I know all through good mythical. More I was just up there talking and because we were I was just drooling. I was aching. Well, we turned it into I mean you talk about self-promotion, we turned it into. It was the release of buddy system season to the trailer we were. Gonna show that and good mythical more as we recovered. We didn't know how bad it was gonna, and so you know we thought we'd, give more click 'add. You know get away at playing that game. I don't know somewhat, but it wasn't nearly as entertaining it's a fact that every breath yeah yeah people didn't care as much in you know a second time around what that was. That was the most I mean, so we did it twice we're not doing it again. I mean we were on those we both vomited it. Up later we were on the phone that night at home a couple hours later and Rhett I was like man, I just feel I mean I was in it. Well, don't some a bad trip. I'll take you through it, so you started to feel better like 15 minutes, after good mythical, more was done. Shooting you like got up you eating a bunch of bananas, and then you ain't more bananas. That's a good way to kind of like lie on your stomach. If you're gonna do this type of thing and then you started to feel better, but I went back into like our dressing room area and I lay down on the floor and I. If I changed position at all I could I could feel my the the my stomach contents moved just enough to expose a different part of my stomach to the pepper. Oh wow I just imagined, you know: I had a visual image like I had like a map of the inside of my stomach and if I, if I moved a little bit, I could tell something new was burning, mm-hmm and so guys that they're eating ice cream trying to be motionless for the next 20 minutes and then I finally was able to get up and I went into our office, and you were said, we had a meeting and you were sitting in there and you were still in a decent amount of pain. I was in a decent fast forward a couple hours. We go home, I text rut and he's like I'm like how do you feel cuz I feel absolutely horrible like I? Could you know I'm it just comes in waves, like your stomach, will churn it'll just turn over and all of a sudden. It's just like. Like a fires almost out and somebody Stokes, it mmm and he said, I threw up, I feel better mmm, I think I gotta, do it so I went upstairs and tried to make myself throw up. Did it burn coming out in you? Can puke I went back downstairs? What's he doing out there, he I thought he might have been laughing at us. Is yes, it's through the wall Dan's laughing area, but it's not tied to anything. We said so much funnier than you know. Isn't that just like? Why is he watching something else we're doing this it took I went back, downstairs, gave up and then I was like I have to do. This went back upstairs if you can't make yourself throw up, but you have to because it's everything in me knew how bad it was. Gonna be yeah. It was horrible. Coming I mean worse than going, because now it's going through your nose. So don't do it we're not. It sounds way. Worse. Cuz you, research, charity, but I saw you guys do the Ghost Pepper one, and he really was that the one where you're like okay I'm in my zone, I'm fine, that was the Carolina read. What's that that was that real yeah I mean having the carry on having the air on the hottest pepper in the world. You come up with things that you're gonna do but like hitting myself like self flagellation that was legitimately hope we make is yeah, but after the camera was turned off that time. When you guys were like hey we're all good, this is the show and we're fine was it I was I was at Linc. You were fine. I was later. He was in the fetal position on the counter late that night and we had to shoot another video and it's got to be hard to be like you know what I'm gonna I'm gonna clock out. We does that mean it's. It all runs together. To this point, I mean just a whole yeah the OL nightmare yeah I keep finding new things, though we had lamb tongue this morning, wow people, that's the thing like when we did the spin, the bottle gag and by the way everybody there's videos on GMM good mythical morning to go. Please watch. When will you bring support from your audience, but yet yeah, Super, Troopers, ELA, Kleiner's, ela kleiner. Let see we made a little laugh cuz. He calls his fans I'm, like you, can't put er there anyway. What's the information pin what up m nation watch I watch you on our channel. That's the watch. Yeah yeah watch out the gross food. You got all them grow. You got the gross food, but I was thinking like somebody somewhere cuz. It was like pork, liver should or something tongue, people somebody somewhere, yes eats that and enjoys everything, but they don't prepare it the way they don't smear it on a mannequin face in sex stuff, and you don't know what it is when you go in for the bite, and so yes, it works, you could be ground beef and that would be like a lot of great stuff blindfolded and it makes everything worse. You did. You think it would heighten the sense of taste in a way they're just copy enjoy your carpet for us yeah. We just don't correctly. I want to ask more about the hot peppers. Oh cuz you guys have done something that not many people have done. No, but my pill gone that far. You said it stings puking. Tell me: I want all the details. Bye I'm curious, you puked, it burned your throat. You go to the bathroom afterwards, like how long. After are you dealing with the burn? Well, they're talking about Beaubourg, yes, I didn't have no exit yeah, but the ghost pepper and the Carolina Reaper, you know, I, don't know you learn like how long it takes food to go through your body. It's a real scientific experiment. It's like 12 hours or something same day. No, it was the next day. Okay, you know and we'd learn that again because we did yeah. We were in New York last year and the hot you know the hot ones: Channel yeah yeah. We have a big fan, possibly wasn't in season, but we were so they were like. We want you guys to eat the hottest curry in the world and we had to do Fallon the next day. Oh so I was like I. Don't want to ruin because I'm already gonna be nervous about being on Fallon yeah Artie. It makes me have diarrhea anyway, he's like I, don't want something and so and then we got there and they're whole. The whole point of the game was like, first of all, the guy making the curry the hottest curry in the world. Had a gas mask on the guy wears a gas mask when he makes it that they really should have cut, dig cut to it. Quiet so you'd have a bite of this stuff. First, they were, but at first the creative pitch number one was. We were just gonna sit down and eat the whole thing, and then we were like we get something wrong. We eat a bite of this stuff. That's the only way we can manage it and I missed two questions out of 10 I. Think I did take two bites, get it take four yeah a lot of melancholy to two bites: I still had like Oh. Our wives were with us that trip, and we were. We were out in a restaurant and in the middle safe. Let's say five hours later, I, don't think it was twelve. It was yeah, it was, it may be the next day, I don't know. We were at a restaurant and in the middle of just sitting in this nice meal, I was like he was gone, I also had to go. Then I went to the bathroom when I came back rat was still gone and then, like all right, the waiter takes away that the plates that we had eaten off of and we're like ordering dessert, I rest on up and then finally, like the dessert, shows up I just see Rhett looks like a slow death. Walk no just like coming back to the table with this like pale pale face, he sits down at the table and he leans over to me and he's like you're, not gonna. Have a good night. Didn't I read it correctly. Yes, it's like putting a roman candle up your rectum, but it's not firing out. You know I mean I, the roman candle. Yes, have you guys ever? This is something I've done when, after preparing a spicy meal and I, did it with like habanero I, like how you say that habanero, it's not right! Why? How do you say habanero I think he had an arrow. You know what, though I shouldn't say it that way: cuz I, it's like I'm speaking English I, can't have all sudden break into like a flare anyway. Whatever my one, my point is there's like so many tangent yeah grab on here. I've once touched, my genitals after preparing a spice okay, has that ever happened to you guys after an extremely spicy moment and has that transferred to the sensitive skin on your penis I've, been very careful about that as a kid I accidentally did that, like touching a jalapeno or something, but no, not not as an adult, because thank you because touching the eyes is bad is oh yeah. You know, we've done yeah you just basically you can't touch. You can't touch how much you enjoy it. The problem that I had was that it's not intuitive, because the eyes is like. Oh, it's an open hole, but the penis skin, my friends and everybody listening at home is much more sensitive than you think, because if you just have a little schmutz on your hand, you get yourself an itch or or dare I say something more intimate and worse than that um you are gonna, feel it God's wrath, he's gonna, say no I, don't touch yourself there. Thank you and then that's communicable. That is right. I, don't know how many people looking how many times well guys we're closing on two hours here are we. This has been over two hours. You guys are the I'm I'm. Still we have a lot question. You guys do write down with questions yeah we prep. Did you see Mike I prepped? No! Well. We actually more like in case that you there's no conversation they're back so question yeah about those, but you guys are such a joy. Those are the best episode, but there is one thing that we ask all of our guests at the end of the show. Some people have something to share. Some, don't don't feel bad either way. We always ask our guests. Do you have- and this is I- don't feel so stupid asking it all the time cuz it's like so out of character, but I'm gonna ask you anyway, cuz our fans would kill smile. Do you have any ghost stories, UFO experiences or paranormal experiences, I, just a preface I, don't have any yeah. We do have one I know you guys. Well, the most famous one is uh. We brought a ghost hunter on to the show and he used. You know how they can use the radio to him. Yeah the ghost like to talk to the right. No, we yeah a small aside. We want ghost hunting when post yeah with post in my can Alex right, yeah yeah yeah. There was some friction. They made a video that they they prank, they pranked Mike. They pranked Alex I, can't remember who got pranked but basically like Alex like scratched himself. Then he went into the tunnel and then he acts it's a 10 feet all episode and then he acts like he. He got scratched and he shows it. The first time I watched it like the very like for two seconds: I bought it, but why do we have the ghost hunter on GMM? Well, yeah. Did the ghost come after? Did the ghost come before? No, there goes. The ghost appeared that day. So we had him on I thought. What's the route was there an incident? Well, I, don't maybe we don't remember why do we did have an incident where the light would go off occasionally and then we brought him on to the show to tell us what was happening and he went. He did his radio thing and he was like you know the radio thing yeah. They they brought it yeah. We went well well and specifically what they do. So they have the thing that, like scans for frequencies, but then they haven't just a legitimate radio and you, you run through the stations of an FM radio like a real station, yeah yeah and the pieces I mean this is BS, obviously, but different things from just words, and so there was he's talked on one stations like NAR to and then he goes to the next one. It's like 40, so he was Bodie. We were laude, you know him puffins yeah Naruto, so he was like that's the name of the ghost and so nartu fody, and it's like haunted GMM for a few years now. So that's the ghost story, yeah you, you guys have any very deep cut. Hip-Hop rap goes when you light flickers or something a little strange, yeah, the you poor. Little beast will point it out like they can say in certain videos, but I. Think the guy I think the guy who came on our show he a sexual encounter where that ghost did he why he was raped by go wide now, that's it go sorry, I'd like that's why he said it was raped by it. Go that's what he said: I wasn't there did he give me the story: I blocked it out, III pounced on that one, and he was tight-lipped. He would not. He would not get details. He's a survivor, I think he's sent stars. He says about ghost stories in general yeah. He and here's like I'm, not gonna, give these guys the rape story, making fun of his worldview. You are you guys, but, generally speaking, are you guys? Aren't believers? No, but I I remain open because I actually like to open like to keep an open mind in situations like that, because I end up having more fun like if I was going on, a ghost hunt, I wouldn't be the skeptic I was such an [ __ ]! That's why you're not invited they go every week. For me, it's different for me. It's I I'm, not a I'm, not a ghost believer mm-hmm in mentally mm-hmm, but when I have to take in it's late at night, I have to take my trash out and put it in the trash. Can right, I run back in the house that moment you believe? Yes, so I think that's that says a lot I mean if I were there. I would have been freaking out right, but in the comfort of my own studio, like I, was just like as long as we come up with an entertaining name for this ghost I'm happy, but I don't want to be caught alone, with NAR -, no - for you in your pants Oh food. Well, bori beautiful, can you say guys? Thank you so much for I, honestly, I love! You guys! Thank you for taking your time your busy schedule back. Please doors open, please! Well! That's it! That's all we got that's the show guys. Thank you for watching good morning, go to good mythical morning. Go to good mythical, more go to mythical dot store, know some of those domains opened up recently. I like that, that's a good, mythical dot store. Tell me tell him we sent you. It's been a long day, I feel like today we had a day like you guys, have every day finished a video post it and immediately prep. For this. You guys have that every day, I'm so exhausted, I, don't know and you've got families [Laughter] guys. God bless you thanks for watching. We will see you next Friday with Shane Dawson we'll be here, so please do it for that until then have a great weekend and [Music] be good, bye, guys, thanks for watching bye, [Music].