Welcome back to a free, podcast live every Friday, except when it's not Friday, it's not at 3:00 at twitch.tv 4/8 reproductions. Today's guest is the biggest name in YouTube's tech reviews, with nearly 6 million subs he's the guy I always go to when I want tech info. That's real weather, smart phones, cars, laptops cameras, this guy covers it, I feel like I'm doing a copy, / h-34 temper self. No, he is the excellent and wonderful Marquis. They say right. Marcus, Marcus, I, don't say my name much in the actual videos right, one usually knows it, but yeah Marquez, Marquez Brownlee. Thank you for joining us appreciate it. Thank you. It's 7 p.m. currently, if we're gonna watch it on YouTube, so you came out here at the end of a long day, spend time with us, but I appreciate what do you been up to today today and most of this week has been we're: shooting a video on Tesla, Model 3, so I see yeah. So we had a lot of game planning. It takes a lot to shoot a car video because the car you know the car is driving, but then you need a person outside the car sharing the car as its driving. It's a whole thing. It takes a lot, make it look natural yeah and it's gonna take a lot more in that ending process, but I have faith in it, but that was a lot of today was like getting like some filling shots of things. That I think will help it flow well right up until the Sun was going down, and then just came over here was that the purpose for you coming out to LA? That was the main yeah. The main reason for the trip well for those who listen, the podcast know that I'm a little bit of a Elon Musk, fanboy I, put his dick in my mouth regularly and I see how deeper I can get it. Yeah are you uh? Are you a fan boy, I'd, say I'm, a Tesla fanboy for sure not at you want fanboy well, I can't bet against Elon yeah I mean I'm, saying boy, I, guess cuz I I follow most of what he does. I fought, yeah! Well, okay, let me start here: what did you think of the model? 3? Okay, so model I own, a Model S. So that's my comparison point for a lot of stuff, very similar, which is good because, when you're buying a car you want it to live up to maybe a higher car on the same year. So it felt familiar. It's pretty quick, it's electric! It's got a front still all the same stuff were used to, but there's definitely some weird quirks that I'll talk about in that full video, but, like I, think the main thing people are concerned about is the screen. There are zero buttons in the car. The only one that that is in the car is required by law. Is the hazards button up in the corner? But if everything is just on this one screen in the middle, including your speed, your gear is really it's. Just it's unusual, it's a weird setup yeah, but uh. They did that because it's it's self-driving and eventually you won't really have to worry about that too much. But when you're driving you kind of have this trained glance down to the side of like, instead of looking right down at the speed you look kind of to the side. At your speed, it's a little different. You know: I I have a Model, S yeah and one thing it's. It is bleeding edge because sometimes I love that car of most days, but sometimes I, hate it like through that day the screen wouldn't turn on like it just I go in and it doesn't so that's how that I've had to be like really late to turn on, but it's never just not turned. He could still drive. Yeah I was able to drive. I didn't know that, but like that concerns me even more in the model 3 when they're, like oh they're, gonna, be a little too edgy and put it all on a screen and then all of a sudden when you're counting too much on that screen. What I mean it doesn't start yeah yeah, there's a lot of edge cases where, like you got to wonder like is it failsafe? Is it kind of work if the screen doesn't work right, yeah? Well, you I. Remember you had a huge issue with your got it. What happened? Probably a worse problem. Oh wait almost made me not want to buy it. I was before you. It was a huge life decision. Buying a Tesla cos I mean it's an expensive car right. But for me it was more as much I won't say more about as much about supporting the mission statement of supporting e.v.p.s right, but your video made me think twice about it. More than anything else tell tell the audience what happened to you? Okay, so it was a essentially it all came down to the power steering. Obviously power. Steering is this mechanical loads flew and McCann I? Don't know how to describe it exactly, but it helps you steer the car based on the weight of it. So you can change the steering weight. You can have a sporty or comfort steering all that stuff, but when the power steering fails, it's extremely hard to turn the wheel any direction, because the car is super heavy. So what I had was I was driving. I went to go, turn left across traffic and midway through my turn, as the wheels turned like 45 degrees, the power steering cut, that's and I was cutting across traffic unable to move the car Wow. This happened once got it like I, like it snapped back into working again, I finished my drive pulled over, you know, got it towed, got it fixed, they replaced the entire steering. Rack I was like alright, that's definitely fixed for sure. Then, a couple hundred miles later it happened again Wow and that's dangerous. That was dangerous and the second time I think was more dangerous. The first two times were in the same ride where I like I, was making a left turn, but it wasn't a big deal if I couldn't. The second time was like two cars next to each other, both making the LAV right and I was the inside car, oh no, and so when it failed. If that guy had also made the left. I would have just t-boned him, but he went straight yeah, so that was like a I immediately pulled over that's a red flag. Obviously, whenever you have the same issue more than once, they escalate your issue to like definitely solve it, because three in New Jersey is lemon law. You can give the car back for free, Oh, interesting yeah, so they flout an engineer from here. Basically had him diagnose the problem and they found a corrosive element in the wiring between the power steering, rack and some other part of the car. So they flew someone to. They flew someone out yeah to to check out my car that took a couple extra days, the first time it was like one day. We replaced that you're good. This time it was like. Alright, we'll fly someone out a couple days later. They found out what was wrong. They flew out the parts they needed to fix it. It was a whole thing for maybe like a week and a half that they gave me a loaner p100 D during those days when I didn't have my car, which was pretty dope a nice service yeah. They owe one hand it's nice service. By the other hand, they could have you better, have it serviced? Yes, so yeah they fix that and they pretty much guaranteed. It will never fail in that exact way. Again. If it does it's a lemon, but they say so since then. No issues are you paranoid at all, making those left curse. Do you still think about those left turns no dude, I'm I, don't want to say reckless, but I'm, very confident, yeah. That sounds like I. Don't have the P 100d that once insane, but we both drove it I've driven it because that we tested- and they gave us a loaner, p100 ooh, and so in the few 100 d, which is the highest level model and the only difference between the P 100 D and the step-down, which is like the 90, D or I. Guess it's the one Hyundai now we got our we're straight. I. Can I've memorize the line, but at any rate the only difference is the acceleration, for example, the one below it goes: 0 to 60 and 4.3 seconds right or 4.2 I think now, the p100 d does it and 2.4 yeah it's a significant now when I got that loaner car I put it in ludicrous mode. You have to be that's like a contract, saying that, ok now, when you click this button and you and your crash fatally, you click the button. Just let the world know you decided to do this yeah, it's it's ungodly and when I it when I drove it. My first thought was like this is not safe. This is not safe at all yeah. It's when you have that kind of acceleration, as personally, not just 0 to 60 but like 30 to 80 right or like for me. It's all about the 0 to 30 in the Tesla yeah I mean from zero. The only weird stuff you're doing is like at stoplights, or maybe someone pulls up next to you and like wants to race, which doesn't really ever happen, but like you're on the highway and someone's you know, there's a gap and you need to get to the exit. Do you slow it down and go behind him, or do you accelerate and go in front of that car? You see nine times out of 99 you're going up and taking the Front's. It actually feels much safer cuz. We also have a Prius, which was our previous car yeah and I still drive that one sometimes and I feel less safe. It's strange, but I I feel like I, have more control over the car. That's what it comes down to so technically, and also this. This has happened before the car will, if it sees an impending collision right will try to avoid it. Someone soars into your lane, it'll swerve a little bit away. I have an experience, and if it sees someone coming up behind you about to rear-end you really by itself it'll just kind of Juke you forward a little bit. That is to avoid it- and that's that's happened to me in my car and that's definitely it gave you a little boost. Yeah I thought it was broken. Now we're gonna round the same time and it jeopardized your ass. Exactly it's a wash. Exactly so tell me um, you said you were in the model three and it's a lot like the Model S. In your opinion, do you think the model 3 is a Model S killer, because the price is like the price is a huge difference. He's so like 40,000 bucks, I think the fact the price difference is so big is actually what keeps it from being a Model, S, killer, I. Think there's gonna be people who are in the market for a fifty sixty to seventy thousand dollar car. That aren't gonna pick model three because of lower price there, and they want premium R and Model. S is always gonna, be that I think it's getting a refresh remembered in the next year or two to update it with a lot of the things that model three is currently better at, but I think because the price difference is so big people who were waiting to buy a Tesla until it was 35 grand are now gonna. Buy that not a model, so you think just the status symbol alone is enough to to keep it alive. Yeah I think it's just gonna, basically having at that lower price. It's just gonna open doors for way more people to buy it well. I hope that they do distinguish the difference because yeah they try they're pretty clear in their messaging I think internally, they have a lot of they're trying to make sure people know. Model S is still the better car, yeah doesn't say yeah that there there's features and things you I mean there's two two screens instead of one like. If you look at model three, oh, this is the future. Just one screen but like roadster is gonna have to like their their higher end. Stuff is still gonna. Have two machines and two because they can afford it I think they wanted. They may have wanted to do a heads-up display, like you know, maybe having the the speed on the like the windshield or something like that all kinds of interesting things that they couldn't do because of the lower price right that they do in the Model S right. Do you think that Tesla is will be able to achieve all of its goals? I mean the the goals of the company is, is huge and there's a lot of doubters and naysayers of what Tesla is doing and and to be frank, they haven't been off to a great start with their Model 3 launch, yet what they ended up, making like 4,000 when they had promised to make like 50,000 they're way way way way behind. Do you see them succeeding and what they're setting out to do? I I'm always hesitant about the timelines they give sure, because they're Elon and that whole crew is always super ambitious about like yeah. We'll do this, and this year and like the Roadster is the same thing. 2020 yeah right, like that's, gonna, be at least a couple years after that I think, but I think the actual goals are setting they're, eventually hitting them. When people are saying like they're weren't gonna hit him at all yeah so stuff, like production of Model S, which has been ramping up kind of the same way like model threes at the beginning of that climb sure and they kind of mapped out that climb with Model, S and I think they sold their two hundred thousandth Model S last year, which people never thought they would defer. So you know it might not be the same people call it Elon time right, yeah as literally it goes all the way down to like the time of the event like he'll kill, get on stage of five o'clock and they it's 503 and we're like yeah, maybe so timelines, not so much, but I think they eventually they'll get there. Yeah interesting, I, hope so I think there's so much demand for the Model 3 a fully electric, it's a great great car and the 100 something thousand orders already four hundred actually sell. It I feel like the demand, is infinite if he can actually meet the production yeah before other companies do because everybody's he kind of opened the floodgates in terms of it's a weird thing: I I've been looking more into car stuff since I started. Doing these car videos and like other companies, are like thinking about getting into electric and they're like promising they're gonna. Do it sometime right, but I, don't see it yet, and that's weird to me that these, like hundred-year-old companies, I, mean I, guess they're just kind of a huge yes and they can't be as agile, yeah they're behind it's. It's insane say what you will about Yonkers there's a lot of people that dislike him and I. Think it's just a lot of contrarians who are like all these people loved him. So I'm gonna hate him. That's a whole nother thing: [ __, ] those people but seriously I, don't like what the hell was I saying, say what you will about you learn, but that guy is so infinitely far ahead of the game like legit paradigm shift. So in the automotive field, yeah the infrastructure I think they're onto something there. Obviously, the whole electric car thing they're stupid far ahead on like right, even if, like Porsche tomorrow came out with a $70,000 electric car that does everything Model S. Does they don't have the super charging that they don't have? You know the the autonomous driving they don't have like seven or eight, also massive projects right that this one car does so like yeah they're really far ahead. It's unbelievable I mean it's unbelievable and, like, like you, said at the beginning, everyone thought it was a fantasy and a joke and it wasn't reasonable. But now, if you, when you drive around LA I, don't know what it's like Jersey but like Tesla's are dime-a-dozen here. Yes, so I noticed that I noticed that about 3 out of every 10 cars is a Prius, yes yeah and then one out of every 10 is a Model S and the new everything else in New Jersey still a lot of Prius is not a lot of Tesla's, but you still kind of start to see him more mm-hmm. My car was the first. The first P 100 D on the East Coast accordant, but yeah you see a Model, S or Model X once in a while, but it still isn't common on the East Coast and the same thing with supercharger. Here it's great thing, there's just in California in LA, it's like a combination of a lot of wealth with people who are environmentally conscious, I think that's what I noticed, also about shooting Model, Model 3 now model 3 is that Unicorn that people haven't seen on the road first I hadn't ever seen one. What I saw it at the event, but I hadn't seen one on the road. Since then, when I got here, walking from the hotel to in-and-out, I saw the first one that I ever saw on the road and then so, like you know, we got the car and we're driving it around and like you're at a supercharged. It's like there's, like Tesla enthusiasts, just kind of like around and all their heads are just kind of like yo. What is is that the model 3 yeah I weren't, sure that is that's the one like we want to know like. What's the price of it, what are the options on it? Like all the questions come out as they'd heard about it, but they hadn't seen it. You know who got him all three Jake right. He must have been super early yeah like day of order. Maybe did you order a model? 3 I didn't hmm I I would love to, but I think I'm, just with ya. If I ever have two cars, it would be roadster a Model, S I think so that's another thing, I want to say you. So Tesla came out with another car that you can pre-order yeah the Roadster, so that's P, 100 D isn't unsafe enough. They're like here's, a car, that's even better at yeah, possibly killing yourself yep, which is the Roadster and and it takes a $50,000 deposit right which you, which I you have to pick to EWTN's curve. Yes and boy yeah man, so the specs like again, that's like a it's more of a projection than an actual product at the store. It doesn't exist. Yeah, like they drive the one on stage, but that's not like the finished product yeah, but they gave numbers like oh yeah, it'll go 250 miles an hour and it'll do 0 to 60 in 1.9 seconds two hundred kilowatt hour battery, but like none of that is physically possible yeah. Nine, that's gotta, be one of the fastest cars on the road I mean what's better than that. That would be the fastest production car ever by like 20%. If you do get that car, please drive very safely, because that is yes, that is very dangerous. That is not so I. Have a lot of I'll definitely do a video if it's just like a bring all I'll. Have you guys like sit in the passenger seat and, like I, think that's gonna be hilarious, but uh yeah I'm have to holster some some crazy moves. You really didn't that car is gonna, be sick. What's the price tag on in the mold price tag, so there's the the base the base model? Why even have a baseball at that point? The weird thing is: the base model does 0-60 in 1.9 and he didn't say what the optioned up version will them options just like a static. Just put swings right on the side, just flies over traffic yeah, it's so that yeah, it's 50/50 grand deposit and then 150 grand at the delivery for the base model and then there's the founders. It probably sounds weird to say this, but that seems like a reasonable price for what you get uh yeah, when you compare it on paper to other stories that everyone else oh well, it merely keeps up with a Bugatti, but a Bugatti is two million dollars for Bugatti about it. The fastest 0-60 that was pretty soft um the fastest here is six is, if you look it up on Wikipedia, it's like the Porsche 918 spyder, the laferrari at the Bugatti. All those cars are 1.8 million dollars, plus right, so you dollar car. So if you're competing that's the end, that's the thing is like people will compare it against that like well, you know it'll catch it in like the quarter mile sure. Well, no, this one holds it up in a point, eight seconds like oh well, at least you have a trunk in this one. Well, this one also has a trunk like every time you try to compare it to the best car and some other. Let's see if we can do it, I'm excited I'm. It's not everything they showed on stage is still great. It's alright! It's about time. For our first commercial break guys, we have got so much more jerking off to do about Elon Musk. You won't want to miss it and other stuff, obviously too, but mostly you love musk, so guys, please don't go away we'll be back shortly. Thank you guys. Thank you to me Indies for sponsoring this episode. Every podcast. You want to look good with your significant other, this Valentine's Day, and you don't want to just give them another box of chocolates because, frankly, you're not gonna get any most likely. Oh here's a box of chocolates I'm, just another guy! Please you got to match to get some right, EULA yep! You got a match to get some! That's the slogan of me! Undies check it out. This is a really cool thing that they're doing get a matching pair of unique fun and powerful undies perfect balance of comfortable fit and exciting prints do not spend another valence today, given the same old gift, go to Mandy's comm, slash h3, to find the best match for your match, like your match. I do really love their Valentine's Day. It's beautiful commemorate your love. You know here's the deal this undies are so soft and luxurious. You're gonna be wondering what is. Are these drabs? What is this garbage that I've been draping under over my junk, because it's just you deserve better. You know they're the most comfortable, we're talking three times softer than cotton. Try to fathom that if you can or just buy a pair- and you can feel it for yourself, so this Valentine's Day get your partner gift, that's fun for the both of you order by February 5th at 10 a.m. for free standard shipping. So your gift arrives on time. Matching pairs are fun, thoughtful comfortable and you can share it with your significant other. Here's the deal, 100% satisfaction, guarantee me and Eve guarantee me: undies guarantees you and your significant other will love your matching pair or your money back. You have got nothing to lose. If you don't love it three times softer the cotton Wow, your minds not blown, send it back. It's that easy. You got nothing to lose so right now, head on over to me and ease calm, slash h3 and for our listeners when you purchase menus for the first time you get 20% off and free shipping free shipping, yo yeah, my favorite song yeah. You don't have to spend $100 on like Jake Palmer once again, they're so convinced you're, gonna love this underwear. You got a hundred percent satisfaction guaranteed. So yeah! Listen! If you don't love your first pair, get, oh god, dang refund. So there's a no-brainer get 20 percent off matching undies for you and your significant other hundred percent. There's a lot of percentage here, 20 percent off 100% satisfaction guaranteed. Are you waiting for order it by February 5th for free standard shipping and to get it in time? Yes, so to get 20% off and free shipping on hunter percent guarantee satisfaction go to me: Indies comm, /h 3. That's me undies that gab /h 3, and this will be the best Valentine's gift that you will ever give and if nobody, if somebody doesn't touch your penis as a result, I can't guarantee they'll, give you your money back but you're free to ask. There's a chance, there's always a chance. Thank you to me, undies hellofresh. Thank you for sponsoring our program. We have teamed up with hello fresh and we are offering everyone in our audience $30 off your first week of deliveries when you go to hell of fresh calm and use the offer code, h, 3 podcast, that's one word: HD podcasts hellofresh. What is it just the greatest most convenient revolution in groceries, Oh shredders tearing up the paper it. Let me clear my throat here shredder is being a shredder. He we don't. We Hughes have a shredder like a paper shredder. Now we just throw it on the floor. He takes it of everything he has our social security numbers and all that, but I trust him. Listen! Here's the deal with hellofresh convenient fun, a total blast flexible. They send you groceries everything you need measured perfectly out in little patches with instructions, nutritional information for example. They were like hey how about a little chicken scallopini as an example, so they send you the chicken fresh, beautiful chicken. They send you all the ingredients, all the sauce, everything you need to cook a master meal, something that you, knowing you probably would never cook, because, let's face it, we're pizza guys us boys out here and it's always pretty easy to cook meals yeah. So you don't need to cook for like hours, I'm telling you Valentine's Day you put on some, you make a little hello fresh. Somebody is gonna touch you in your special place at least a touch. One of these for sure can I get one of these from you. This Valentine's Day EULA, one of these in pens. If I play my cards right, choose a delivery day that works for you pause for weeks when you're out of town everything comes free and measured and labeled. Here's the deal Ali, the hello fresh, has a wide variety of chef's. Curated recipes that change weekly, there's three plans to choose from classic veggie and family. You could choose between meat, fish and seasonal produce. Vegetarian recipes with plant-based protein, grains and seasonal produce the whole freakin family is gonna, love them or, if you're single- and you know you can also cook it for yourself, this Valentine's Day and cry over your chicken. It's a good, seasoning salt. You know, you don't need salt, you can season it with your own tears, but you'll love it anyway. It's organic, as Heelys pointed out, I've had a ton of fun cooking with hellofresh. It's just it's a total blast. You don't have to go to the grocery store. You don't have to go online and find recipes. You you're not gonna mess it up because they make it so hard to mess up, and it's always delicious fun easy to clean up it's a total blast, so they make in cooking easy, delicious. It's a balanced meal and it's less than ten dollars a meal. Okay, Capisce feel confident with the simple recipes outline on picture step by step, go to hello, fresh calm and use the code h3 podcast, to get $30 off your first weeks deliveries. My friends very nice, one more time go to hello fresh. The link is in description, receive $30 off your first order with promo code, h3 podcast. Thank you, my friends to these sponsors. If you're in the market for a little nice meal or some undies, please consider supporting our sponsors. Thank you guys and we're back welcome back everybody they Street podcasts. Thank you for sticking around. If you guys have any questions, please give us a ring at eight one. Eight, two one, four, eight 504, maybe we'll air your question. If you can get past the Great Firewall known as Ian, the intern he's a hater, so watch out, give him a piece of your mind. I shouldn't say that people just been [ __ ] with them. I'm kid that's true me come on give the guy a break. He's got a tough job. Um I wanted to ask you how's our set up here. I was thinking. Maybe you could critique it at being a camera expert and a mic expert what's going on here, so it's pretty solid, pretty good I'm impressed we mess with you know. Video sets all the time. There's there's a nice color variety there's lights everywhere, which is good I, like this purple light behind the superficial sign here. Thank you, cuz, like colored lights. What is that a Philips hue lightstrip like those types of things nice touch, Oh, weird yeah, I, think. What's what helps a lot is how many sound dampening materials you can sneak in a place like the couch sure, yeah, the foam, everything yeah a curtain, the curtain, you know what's interesting, I, don't know if you guys can see this uh Sarah. If you slow him back here, but behind here, there's a window: oh yeah, to the street, do like a Main Street, there's like there's like foam like this thick Ben and it actually blocks the sound out. Quick, yeah, I'm I would never have guessed that mm. Sometimes I forget that there was a way. If you want it to open it, would you have to rip all the foam down good like you can make an incision slide? Well, I! Wouldn't do that not missing much for that window! Um I wanted to ask you. That's. Have you heard the rumor that an apple is gonna, buy Tesla? No dad did you pull that out of your ass dan told me that he's like? Did you hear the rumor it is that a real thing? Are you showing me? No, that was a real thing, so there's and as when I read it I read the article I knew it would probably make you rage so forward. There's legit rumors about Apple, trying to make a car, which is far-fetched by itself, but apple also has billions and billions and billions of dollars of cash. So on roasters worth of money, yeah I mean they could just by Ford and just make cars with them. That's what I've seen they wouldn't they're super stingy, but I feel like Tesla's position, so damn well that I could see that it makes sense, but also like why Ellen would never do that right. That's what I thought, but he's kind of at the helm of the ship I think they just announced like a 10-year plan for his salary to inflate, as he stays with them. Like I he's pretty locked in there. I was I, wanted that to tell you about that, or ask you about that, because they just announced Tesla Ellen's pay package and it's set up so that if he doesn't perform well, he gets nothing and he has milestones for every 50 billion that he increases the company's worth for reference. The company is currently worth 559 bill, yeah fifty nine billion okay. So the milestones go all the way up to six hundred and fifty billions, which is like Ludacris right I'll make it one of the top five most valued companies in America yeah. But if he somehow reaches that goal, he will be the richest man in the world, something worth like two hundred billion, but I mean you know it's a fairy tale. Yeah I mean it's a good incentive. It's a good! No I, wouldn't mind that that's sort of a all right. If you get, if you get seven million subs, you get a billion dollars all right come on, I might. If I was gonna, be like I'm on it, I got I'm working on it. Click, oh baby, yeah. One thing I did for sure here was Apple buying Netflix, oh no I mean it was. There was articles about it. Dan didn't just make it up, but it's also articles the body of being a rumor. Yeah. Well and I still hasn't happened yet so it hasn't happened yeah. It was word article. Some, like high-level forecaster, said: there's a 40% chance, Wow of Apple buying Netflix. What you guys hear that when I hear that I think that's the highest number you can give without sounding like you're guessing because if they like well, what is it yeah? But if you go over 50 and it doesn't happen, you look dumb so he's like yes afford ears, that's smart! You could say of anything really new 40 40 percent chance I'm not actually sitting here right now, but it's only 40. So what? How do you feel about Apple owning Netflix, though so on the surface? I get it content, you get a lot of like content, leather licensing, obviously Google and YouTube is sort of a giant that you have to compete with somehow and the only way Apple's tried original content on their own and that's alright, but like Netflix yeah, why not just start there so I get it, but as a direct I guess, do you think that it would affect what they do? This everywhere loves, Netflix and I. Think, like even people are fans of Apple kind of hate, Apple right a little bit. Is that a true? Is that accuracy, a man I, really don't like Apple? There's a hmm yeah, there's a bit of a trapped element to it. I think. Sometimes, if you ask people why they use an iPhone they're like well my message, the blue bubbles that I met. Have you heard the walled garden analogy? No, it's kind of people describe the Apple ecosystem as sort of like a walled garden where it's really nice and pretty on the inside and all your friends are in there. But if you ever get a peek over the top of that really high wall, you see like all the meadows and things that are outside, but like climbing, that wall and leaving iMessage and all my friends are in here and why don't I just down here sounds like a click yeah. What do you think about Apple? As a company? Do you consider them still to be like tech, industry leaders or are they I get the sense personally that there's starting to become a little obsolete a little bit dated and they're losing their edge every time, I think that I look at their bank account yeah, but they made that money a while ago yeah, but it's like they they're I, think I saw an article and I might be quoting it wrong, but like the iPhone, 10 was like the first iPhone to not increase the rate of breaking the second record sales like so they really measure iPhones of like it broke their sales record, of course, by how much by more than last, okay they're still doing well when it breaks the sales record by not as much as they broke. The last sales record, then it's like his Apple doomed, so the ex were not bad. They just weren't didn't shattered all the way it did shatter all the records, but not by much. Are you serious, so it did outperform all their previous fall, but I think this year. So this year there were three phones, so I don't know if the ten individually outsold, the all the rest, but like year after year, like the iPhone, is the most sold phone by volume. Was it so multiple yeah? What the [ __ ]? If you just look at I phone, it's funny. We iPhone when you listen to like tech, radio and stuff, like that. It's always like the iPhone X is at colossal failure. Yeah I, always I was gonna. Ask you. Why was the iPhone at such a failure? So it's a I mean yeah I, wouldn't say it's a failure by anyone's standards other than people who didn't buy it, who thought they were like. There's people who were like I'm gonna wait for the latest iPhone and then the new iPhone comes out and they buy it and then a year later they say I'm gonna wait for the next iPhone and then it comes out and they buy it. And then this year they said I'm gonna buy the iPhone 10th and then it came out and it was $1000 and they were like that price. Then, maybe not maybe what was it previously like 800, usually around 800 till that thousand price tag gets a little scary. I mean it's a starting price, like you could option up previous year's iPhones to be like 979. Just if you put more storage in it an option got the you know the gold or whatever, but this year it's like all right, starting at $9.99, mm-hmm, one more storage. Is it 1250 now like bro, their margins are probably so insane on those phone, definitely they're making their money, but like what do you? What do you think if you had to guess what it cost to make one of those phones? Actually that's out there I fix it. Does tear downs. I! Think the number is a couple hundred, but it's definitely not more than five hundred bucks to make an iPhone 10 if it costs 500 that would be I. Would a reasonable margin. I want to say I, don't know why 170 is in my head, but I feel like it's less than 200 bucks to make it I feel like so to five times. Margin at that price point is pretty nuts that is kind of what margins are no yeah, but when you're selling, like a high-end item, that's that expensive, because you got us, you still have to sell it. I mean a thousand dollars, is a big barrier to cross for most people right, but they do it. That's all about that I. But where else are you gonna get it we're? Also gonna get Oh. Dan is saying it's three. Seventy three! Seventy two to make no come from Dan I know: there's tear downs, 370, that's on uh time, I, just googled it mmm interesting. Wait so I mean that okay, it's reasonable yeah. It's really I think it is actually Matt if I, if I build anything and I cost me if you're into seventy bucks to make and I looked as sweet as an iPhone 10 how much what I sell it for huh yeah I'm, not good, because the cost doesn't end there. You know development, there's a lot of cost being all those billboards all the advertisement. That's not a joke. Billions in advertising. Man they're likes apples like smog from The Hobbit. They have a really interesting advertising strategy. They, you might have noticed they never use social media. Hmm, they didn't have a Twitter until this year and even now they never use it. They don't have an official Facebook page I, don't think they don't use myspace I wonderfully because they think of all those people as their competitors in a weird way, yeah its its brand image on one hand like the. If you can't control the public image of your brand, then why be on that platform? They, you know they upload their ads to YouTube. Disable ratings. Disable comments. Just leave it really chamber. You can't you can't like [ __ ] the image garden wall, exactly if you, if, because I'm sure, if you saw like if you subscribe to Apple on YouTube- and you saw the video right as they uploaded it and there was like comments and ratings and be like I, don't think I like this I just like it. That would be a failure for them, so they won't allow that to happen interesting, but they have plenty of billboards newspaper ads because there's no interaction there yeah, you don't have some some twelve-year-old screaming about. You can carefully curate, where exactly that shows up. That's so interesting. I didn't know that about them. Yeah that kind of solidifies, the cult theory even more mm-hmm. They definitely carefully control the way people see apples, company, um, here's a little 180 for you. What's your opinion about the growing discussion of AI mm-hmm Elon Musk, our boy, for example, is pretty alarmist about it. I've talked about this on the show quite a bit right, but he comes out with statements to scare the [ __ ] out of me saying he's like we need to regulate it. This shit's gonna wipe us off the planet, you're not taking this threat seriously and then there's a lot of other people. On the other end, who are experts and who you know, come from a place of authority who think that it's complete overreaction? They don't see it as a threat. What are your thoughts on the danger and potential of a? Is that something you thought about? Yeah a little bit I tend to separate the the two different like it's like a Venn diagram of two different terms, which are AI artificial intelligence and machine learning. So if you talk to Google or anyone who's trying to do better things with software with the same hardware, they think machine learning is the best it's it's the greatest, because they can make software smarter. It can recognize more things. It can train to get better stuff like your Google, home or Alexa or whatever you use, will get better with that. But then there's artificial intelligence as like an entire other blob which is like you know, does it start to make decisions for itself? Does it? Is it aware of itself I? Guess it's out of the point right! That's selling word motives, yeah that that whole question so I am all for machine learning and, and that's been actually really exciting. The last like two or three years but artificial intelligence is kind of a giant question mark for me not much opinions about it, not really I, because I don't have much hands-on experience with it like. If I had like a robot that I could talk to and like asking questions and really see how I feel about it. Maybe I would have a stronger opinion, but as of right now, robots are all at these pretty corny like barely functional. You know, humanoid type, things that are purpose-built or sure, maybe clean your house. So like yeah yeah. Well, it's it's the time old philosophical question. You know it's, it's not a new question, but it seems like increasingly that it seems like. Maybe you Han thinks so far into the future that he's thinking like well in 2030 when yeah this technology is so far ahead like what are we gonna do about robots that don't like us right, I mean, like I, think it's falling to just dismiss what he's saying. Mm-Hmm got to hear the guy out well yeah. It also seems a little far-fetched that there's this like dystopian like matrix future, that's been in sci-fi for, like centuries, you know, would actually come to fruition. Yeah, it's just weird, coming from Elon I go for it yeah exactly that makes it like. If someone else said this I'd be like yeah come on, let's be real yeah. The only thing I feel like being on YouTube and dealing with YouTube's algorithm kind of makes me feel like it's not that far, because YouTube's algorithm is already like cold calculating. They are yeah, that's a little bit of both to that's, because the machine learning is like there's programmers that are telling it like they they're trying to train it to do certain things better, so they get feedback from us, and you know you need to better recognize the difference between iPhone 10 and iPhone xxx, like one thing's cool one thing's, not like being able to take that new information and and adjust all the things. That's doing, hopefully, works well with machine learning, but like with artificial intelligence, I, don't know it's like this whole other question, most definitely yeah. One of our best theories is that the singularity already happened and Elon is an agent of the AI, oh yeah, that is the puppet master of everything happening in the world, working to its benefit, chew on that my dude, my god Elon. What is a [ __ ] undercover agent for the AI single a little bit terrified now I'm saying man? What are you fine knows that video like this is just someone sends a T or it just kind of comes out? Where I did we find out? I found that one? It was kind of they just float around. You know, I'm open to the world. I think I must have seen it on cringe, maybe or I guess catch a lot of them on reddit, sometimes people email at me, [, __, ] and I'll catch it on their subreddit I catch it, but every once in a while. You find a video like that and a rabbit hole and get about yeah I can't part on this one yeah Carly's ledge, instant ledge. Do you have any predictions for future tech? Anything. We may not expect that. You think we'll have a really huge impact on our society, like maybe something that's coming up that people are not realizing how important it is right. That's like the golden question and I wish I had a great answer: Maureen, but I, don't and I, and even like, like family members, will ask me like so what's the next big thing I'm, like is the next phone that comes out like it seems like we're on this sort of a railroad track where we kind of know what's next over and over and over again, and eventually we get there down that that railroad, but for now it's a lot of incremental, like slightly faster chips, slightly better banner, with slightly more memory, slightly better cameras and over over time it all gets better as a whole. Do you think that there's a narrative, some kind of disrupter, where all the sudden, it's like? Oh the internet or I, know what I'm sorting it is? What I'm hoping it's battery technology doctor please battery technology for so long and things about like graphene batteries or whatever, but like at the end of the day my phone lasted for one day like five years ago. Why is it still only last for one day, what is the power consumption is going up? Like is the same. An energy density gets a little bit better, but, like our phones are so much more powerful and do so many more things this huge screen you saw, we had Nokia's that played snake exactly so like. It makes sense that my phone still only lasts a day but I'm looking forward to like a like a multiplier type of breakthrough, where, like now, our phones last a month that gets better and it lasts like a year like that type of thing. That would be awesome, but also just me, do see the video, where a guy bit a battery in a store, and it just exploded. Why? Why I don't wasn't know why he bit it? What he just gave it a little nibble say it's like a security like a CCTV camera in a store somewhere, and you all that up you guys, this is very graphic, should I know not know it's like a like a totally watchable video. But it's just like a you see this thing burst into flames. If you puncture a battery, it will explode like the energy density. Is super high like if you take a knife to the phone in your pocket, it will be very dangerous because of all fuels and bullets that actually happen with what the Samsung right last year, where people's phones are just exploding yeah. So that was a we. That was an extremely small thing like they tried to push the battery up into the corners of that phone. So much that what happened was like they were layering, essentially folding layers of the battery in there and some of them the layers just caught and touched in the wrong place, Wow, and that was enough for the phone blow to close to the Sun. Exactly oh, so they had to. You know, put slightly less dense batteries in and slightly smaller, and that worked out, but, like batteries are already super dense, I just wish there was like some milk yeah. It's not I, don't want to like get into trouble with YouTube or twitch. It's just a little gay like. Why did he yeah, where the flip is it here? It is: let's pull it up. It's in China, so does that help explain test? Oh yeah? What was he testing? What happens when you buy the battery? All right? Let's see oh wow like did he not think like maybe uh? Oh man, that's pretty easy that is intense, but woah that I'm happy to say that they all seemed okay yeah. They all seemed relatively okay. Why are you biting at you exactly? That's probably the girl right. There is like she got the it's in a public store, wait! I know people are in your mouth you're, not in the lab, she's China's a weird place because, like people just put batteries in their mouths there or like they don't understand like how stoplights work and people are starting to drive for the first time like Chinese villages that were all the sudden getting tons of money for some reason and they're just like running people over there off the grid now they're on know what to do. It's insane. Well, here's a fog about predictions for future tech, VR. A lot of people have a lot of money and investments, big companies, big people, big names, putting their chips and their money into developing VR. You think that this has as much potential as a lot of people seem to think it has long term. Yes, short term now, I'm a short term pessimist about VR and I, don't know if it's because, like I've, tried to make 360 videos and they all sucked or if it's like every time, I scroll past one on Facebook, I, scroll, extra, fast, cuz, it's so dumb, but like eventually I think because as tech gets better we'll be able to make better VR because VR there's there's also VR and AR. So, like a are you kind of have this augmented element to whatever world you're in maybe it overlays something somewhere but VR. You need your entire world to be built for you, so whether it's a roller coaster, you're writing or a map you're playing a game in someone built. All of that, so better VR happens after we get better maps and better environments to play in and and more and more painstakingly detailed things. And then the resolution of the headsets we're playing in gets better and you can see these things better. All of that has to get better before VR is even a little bit interesting to me as far as like you know, everyday application, because right now it's just like gaming I actually tend to agree back in like the 90s ever it's that's when it started in like VR, yeah and I. Remember when I was a kid, I went to a mall, I must have been 10 years old. They had this massive platform and I put on all this gadgets and it was like 50 pounds on me. It was a whole experience. Now we have the technology where you could put the vibe on and it's really fun. It's really cool experience, but you still have a wire and the games aren't great and I. Don't know it just. You still have this giant goggle in your head. The latest thing that I saw was at CES this year. They had did you OCS know they had a wireless adapter for those I saw that video and crap. So so at least you don't have wires. You still have one wire to a battery in your pocket, but at least you don't trip over the hair and huge difference. The immersion yeah so am yeah. That's that that'll take some work, but, like you still have to build the entire environment that you're in so you're saying it takes a lot more work to make a great VR game yeah, because you have three dimensions instead of two a lot yeah interesting, so yeah I mean that takes time, but I'm ready, I'll get better - cool. Obviously, when you get to the point where, like you just are in your own mind, that's kind of when, where we are will will take over, will be like that scene in uh. What's that movie, where they're just kind of sitting back Polly, it's wall-e, there's a scene in wall-e, where the guys, just in the chair, the fatties on the screen just in his face, yes, dad [, __, ] I need to be doing yeah. Okay, let's take another break, we will be back so much to talk about you guys. You do not want to go away we'll be back shortly. Thanks guys see you soon, thank you to audible for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast audible is offering our audience a 30 day free trial. How about that unbelievable? If you want to listen to it audible, has it just go to audible.com, slash h3 podcast, or this is some high-tech new stuff text, h3 podcasts to the number 500 - 500 Wow, the future? The future is now soon. You just have to think just think. H3 podcasts for a free, audiobook, I, love, I, absolutely love. Ottawa they've got an incredible service. They've got an incredible catalog of audiobooks. This could change everything you do because you're going to be entertained, you can be educated. Whatever is you need? You're gonna have some laughs whatever it is, you're doing, you're playing video games, you're, cooking, you're, exercising- or maybe you just are- don't want to listen to your teacher drone on cuz school sucks. Am I right? No kids rule right. You know wow dude it. What knowledge is power. It's alright. Knowledge is power. I'm, not knowledge is power, guys go to uh, audible.com, slash, h3 guest, so I've been reading or have been listening to how to win friends and influence people. Now this book it sounds corny, okay, it was written in like the 30s. This is an old time-tested book. How to win friends and influence people when I was in a rut recently and I was really sorry I once I was in a rut recently, and this book really got me in a fresh perspective, it see it. Some of the stuff is obvious, but it really got me thinking about my interaction of people in a different way. I can't recommend this book enough. If you're, no matter who you are that's gonna help, you live happier interact with people happier. The thesis of the book is like we all learn about math and history and science, but we don't ever learn about human relations. Yeah social interactions and that's kind of the most impactful meaningful thing in all of our lives is how we interact with the people around us right how to win friends and influence people well change your life, if you're ready to receive the message of it and it's written in a way, that's easily digested, it's a ton of fun. I can't recommend it highly enough. My friends, so here is what I'm proposing to you: okay, go to audible.com, slash, h3, podcast or text a true podcast -, 500, - 500 and get a 30 day free trial. Listen to this book and it's great you got nothing to lose free trial like that's a UD IB le dot-com, slash a street podcast or text a street podcast -, 500, - 500. You get to keep these books no matter what! So, even if you can't you membership, you get to keep it and they can never take that away from you, and you can also share a book from your library with anyone if it's their first time accepting a book through this feature. So you, if it has a big impact on you, you get it for free. You share it with the front. It's a beautiful thing guys. So thank you to all those supporting us one more time. That's a eud ible, calm, /, h3, pockets, audible.com slash a street podcast. Thank you! So much for support us and next up, we've got the great and wonderful man crates Oh, a bird I'm not kidding anyway any man, any man of the male gender, whether he's a lumberjack or a whatsit, really a masculine thing, I, don't know me and janitor me: you're, gonna love what man crate has to offer it's Valentine's Day till lady's listening and instead of giving a guy a box of chocolates for Dante, which is so boring. Surprise him with a heart-shaped box of delicious boobs, okay, brookies yeah, introducing man Chris calm, the only place to find awesome gifts that guys love this, isn't some cologne sample or cheesy mug Matt great offers curated gifts collections for every type of guy from the sport fanatic on down to the home chef. That's who it is to stay-at-home-dad someone as pathetic is that I'm kidding. Obviously, my dream is always to be a stay-at-home dad man crates by the way with s I. Don't want any confusion about that. It's man crates big capitalists. You need to capitalize this know. You know, you know it doesn't matter actually check out classic crates like the NFL bar, where crate and the whiskey appreciation, crate or fresh takes on traditional Valentine's gifts like the jerky heart or the salami bouquet. Okay, a salami bouquet beef jerky works for me. Go to man, crates, calm, pickup, the perfect gift then wait for the magic moment. He'll fall head over heels when the gift arrives and he gets to pry. The wooden crate open include, and it includes a crowbar. They have thousands of five-star reviews and every gift comes with a complete satisfaction guarantee. So here's the deal go to man, crates, dot-com, /h, three, four, five percent off: they don't offer discounts anywhere else. So if you want five percent off your man, crates go to man, crates, dot-com, /, h3, right now, that's Mia, crates, calm, slash, h3! Thank you! So much - man, crates and audible for supporting us, if you want support, show please consider supporting one of our sponsors. Thank you guys so much and now, let's get right back into it. Welcome back everybody to the h3 podcast. Let me ask you this: what do you think about Alexa and Google assist all these devices that are going into everybody's homes? Even these phones and they're gonna? Listening, yes, yeah! Do you have any concerns about that? Or do you just think that it's a wonderful evolution of integrating our lives with technology, um yeah a little bit of concern so like and I know, I also know people who are at different points on that spectrum. Some people are like that's super creepy and not even being like it's like so obviously listening to you that like. Why would you even bring that in your home and there's people like me who are more on the side of just like? Well, if Google's gonna know everything about me anyway, then I might as well get something back for it like some sort of convenience. I think, like we kind of had this discussion in a college class I took a while ago, which was like do you have any privacy and I think I ended up writing an essay with essentially that thesis is like well. No, we don't, but we'll just get something back from the companies that do something for it. I didn't definitely Facebook is not subtle at all yeah. So I just pulled up this tweet that you wrote you you wrote Google. We really value your privacy Twitter. We never collect anything. Apple Wiese, we securely encrypt everything on device. Facebook literally gives you an ad for something. You know yeah. You want to break that down. Yeah I mean you see these statements that, like every event at Google, IO Google's like yes, you know we were we're listening to your voice and analyzing and recognizing it and training your assistant to recognize your voice versus your spouses, so that you can both talk to this thing, but we don't collect that so you're good yeah, so they at least feign some sort of like you know we're doing the right thing. Twitter same thing. You know we know where you are every time you tweet, but it's all good Apple yeah. We, we kind of just you, use your fingerprint thousands of times every week and we know exactly what it but like it's just on your phone. We never see that information. It's all good, damn I, never thought about the fingerprint thing. Yeah face unlock now. It's just scanning your face casually every time, but Facebook is just unashamedly always right. Your wedding in, like the grocery store like walk home and open facebook, and it's like wanna, buy that again online because we have it like all the time. So yeah, that's just kind of a thousand spired, but do you or do you find fault with that? Do you think that it's wrong? What Facebook's doing the brazen use of your privacy to sell you [, __ ]? Is that the only reason they use your private information? I mean they, so they it's mostly yeah it's for advertising. So there again it's it's! Basically like trading your privacy for convenience to them. The ads are so good that it's stuff you would want to buy anyway. So we know you so well, based on your behavior on Facebook and all the things we collect and we own Instagram and now we know where you shop and where you like, to take pictures and all this stuff about you. We know so much about you that an advertiser can come in with something they want to buy and find you because I know you want to buy it so you're kind of trading like them. Knowing everything about you for, like the ads, not sucking if it was the other way around, we don't know that much about you, we kind of try not to get in your privacy. Here's an ad for diapers. Do you care about that, like we'd, be like all these as or such trash, so on one hand, it's kind of nice that, like okay, at least it's advertising, something I may actually buy, but on the other hand it's like kind of creepy that they know so much and always will yeah. You can't take it back. Do you hate any of these listed social medias or brands tech companies more than other ones, mm-hmm I, don't hate them I! Don't really use Facebook I hate, Facebook I mean they hate it I hate it. You avoid it I think Facebook is a breeding. It's like everything, that's wrong from from the tops of the bomb. How is it rampant copyright infringement that Facebook doesn't face, but some users know well? The company has has almost no polish, they have a policy, but it's not for none. They basically thrive on stealing other people's content, and at least YouTube has has gotten to the place where they're, making a goodwill effort to control these things. But Facebook is just the shittiest people, the shittiest company, the shittiest interface. What do you think about Mark Zuckerberg like purses, suck yeah? You can't cut music, I, guess Facebook is kind of in that place where, like it's ubiquitous, everyone knows about Facebook. So he's a robot he's a he's, not human he's an interesting character. I, don't know that I don't know anything about it. Like Spock, like I, almost a sweater I think I would like to not know much about him. I like not knowing about him because, like you see like he's what the youngest billionaire ever liked, the sweatshirt and billionaire guy walks around the office with a laptop, probably with a socks on but like what like I, feel like they're so nefarious all the execs at Facebook I feel like there got to be a little bit evil, or maybe not evil but cold. Have you seen the movie about it? What's it called the social network? Actually I hadn't, but I've heard very good things. I watched it on a plane like I, do with all the movies I watch em and it's pretty good and it gives a somewhat accurate and verifiable backstory to like how the the network came to be in the people in power there, but yeah just the whole. Just the position they're in is is kind of sketch. They can do so much right and we assume they don't kind of like the NSA in a weird way. Facebook is a weird alternate NSA. They have like as much if it's a voluntary NSA yeah, that's the that's, how they get yeah but for me personally, as time goes on, I use, Facebook, less and I assume because it becomes less relevant for my life I, don't like it I, don't like what I see there, but I assume that other people would be experiencing the same thing. But yet there's still so many people using Facebook, yeah, I, yeah I, think. But you know what that how they get you I love Instagram, so I come out one end and I enter another yeah. They still that is I. Do that was the smartest thing they've done in a while, because all these young people who never even signed up they think they think see Facebook the same ways say like MySpace like it's: all old people should nobody's on there anymore, but Instagram all everyone. All the kids are on Instagram yep. So Facebook is all right. You know what will swoop down and we'll get all of those people's information to just owning it. Oh yeah they're, smart to their credit. They haven't [ __ ] with Instagram that much Instagram stole pilots, its own ship, which I like I like seeing companies like, like, obviously I, don't like seeing faces by Instagram but I like when they buy it, but it also let them run chips, though that's cool, but yet they're, they're kind of just doing their thing. Now so, based on what you said about, you only watch movies on airplanes, yeah and I've heard you say that you almost never watched anything when your Netflix. Do you not watch stuff? Is that I watched a lot of YouTube? God bless that's about as much as I will. Who do you like really do watch a lot of YouTube? Well, yeah I. If the percentage of the pie of like media I consume, it's a huge percentage of the pie, I, don't like watch hours and hours and hours of YouTube, but like that's well get your entertain! That's where I get my entertainment, so there's a like even like TV stuff, like SportsCenter, you could you could. You know, claim the only reason I really watched TV is for sports mm-hmm, but when I can get those highlights or that calm ROI on YouTube later it's like the only place I need to go for for stuff. There's youtubers. I watch there's companies. I watch that upload to youtube. The whole thing is all there. I think people underestimate how incredible youtube is because there's youtubers, we all kind of live in our own bubble and we all [ __, ] and moan about all the little annoying things big annoying things, but it's all frickin powerful. It's so well biggest platform. There is it's not sanic and like I mean it's gotta be, and people are always talking about. Like oh there's, gonna be a new competitor, because YouTube keeps [ __ ] up I. Don't think people understand how impossible it is to get where they are. Now all the [ __ ] did they've been through all the [ __ ] they've got all the lawsuits, the learning how to run a web. So they have decades of experience. Nobody else even has any yeah. I was I had a meeting a super long time ago, where I heard somebody at YouTube I. Remember who say because of the scale of YouTube they've, had every single problem, every single, exactly interesting problem that that you could, that you could possibly have it. It becomes multiplied cuz, even if you know the billions and billions of things that are on YouTube, if the most crazy, tiny, obscure thing is that thousandth of a percent- that's like 500 people, yeah like that, are having that little tiny problem and they're gonna be vocal about it. So, like they've gone through at all another one, it's like every country, every even state, has their own laws and somehow YouTube has to abide by every Engels person. It's so interesting that vid me shut down. They were like well, they seemed like they would get somewhere with time. You know they were like that was the closest anyone got and they just straight-up shut down like they had a name recognition during that pocalypse. Everyone was talking about vid me they're, just like [ __ ]. It we tried yeah, yeah, yeah, I wanna, ask you who? What is your favorite tech company um is Tesla cheating, no, no vessel, the tech company right, yeah, I, would say Tesla's up there. Google is pretty close behind just because of the the stuff they don't software recently with Google assistant and the camera, and the pixel mmm really good stuff Google assist yeah incredibly helpful. It is surprising they're like okay, yep and and I love, how you squeeze it. Yeah I got oh I gotta lower my sensitivity because, like I get on my pocket, I squeeze it already, but like yeah, just asking it like. What's the weather in this place are how what's the traffic to work or how's? My restaurant show me a good restaurants. Nearby, grace the traffic to Ethan's studio. Did you ask it that I should have I know that within tech reviewing culture, the genre on YouTube or or in general, there's always a fine line for you guys to skirt where you want to be in the good favor of a company like Samsung or whoever or even Google, so you're always confronted with this issue of like what can I say: I, don't know if you do it, but I'm just asking do I slam this product that I hate and lose favor of them, because that that's got to be something that enters every tech. Reviewer mine. Is that something that you think about or that you're aware of in the in the culture yeah yeah, that's been um like a hot button, especially in the last like two years. I would say we're you know: youtubers weren't, part of press for the longest time. So we'd never had this issue right. You buy the phone. You review it based on whether you like what you bought or not. But at this point it's gotten to you know: YouTube's, pretty sizable and there's these people who have it enough of an influence where, if they review your product I would say you have more influence than anyone else like as much as anyone on the planet when it comes to so now now that you now that companies see that they're treating youtubers at that level, like press so they'll, send you their product and you review it I think a lot of people who are starting early even early exactly and that how valuable is it to you and other viewers to get a product early? It's massive for, for especially the the first couple like hours and days of something being available. Everyone who is considering buying it has that small pool of content to choose to watch to decide to buy it or not. So it's very powerful content as well, so yeah. So now so now, they're sending us these products and if you find something you don't like about, it I think a lot of people, their instinct when they're not in this position is probably oh I, don't want to say too many bad things because they won't send it to me next time or they won't send it to me early I. Don't find that to be a problem with what I'm doing I've gotten people accused that all the time like, oh you're, you're, not harsh enough on the iPhone or you're, not saying all the bad things you don't like. There's a couple phones, I've reviewed in the last year that I've ruined like absolutely ruined and will probably I mean I, don't know if I directly affect sales or if I can measure that in any way. But there's phones that are just not good and then I'll say they're, not good, and you need to know it's not good, so you don't buy it mhm so, but the ones the the initial impressions videos I, give a little more leeway with everyone just because I just picked up the phone for the first time. There are things that can be fixed with software updates. You know, there's all those types of things so I'm trying to understand where they came from when they put this product together. That's in my hand, right now, but um I really don't find myself swayed by access or or them sending me for free. At this point, you find that the companies are like if you give Samsung just a random example, yeah a bad review. Do you find in general them or any other company will distance themselves from you? If you slam them or they're, not all pretty gracious I've been pretty happy with the way they responded to it. So a lot of times they'll send a device early and I'll give them some feedback and part. That is of course negative. There are things I, don't like, and they'll usually give them feedback. You me privately or in a video both a lot of times. It's just in the video they watch the video and then they email me hey. We saw what you didn't like and they'll wonder how they can follow up or make that better. Interesting uh a couple years ago, I really tore down a Motorola camera and one of their phones. It was a great phone, I loved it. This was great. That was great. This is great, but the camera is just garbage and I worked with them directly after my video, when it reached out like if the camera is really garbage like send us, your photos like send us the shooting conditions and we'll try to work on and make them better. They push software updates. After the fact it got better. It didn't get great well, I could cut better. They tried they had the best intention in mine, so I think these company is looking at really actually honest feedback, because if you get negative feedback on a phone, you could either say: oh they're just trying to slander it or whatever, or they really didn't like that about it, and you can try to make it that's valuable feedback yeah. So it's actual feedback that your, if you trust me as a reviewer, which is why I'm assuming you're sending it to me you're gonna, get that same feedback from people who buy the phone later interesting. So if you get that first feedback from me before it comes out, that's actually valuable to them. So I feel, like they've, been pretty good about, not dissing, so not distancing themselves from negative feedback and actually embracing it, which is good, I make sense. There's got to be so much money now. Do you see you see these big companies that almost like lobbyists to you guys? Do you have you experience like insanely, extravagant parties or invitations or trips, like short of just straight-up, paying you for a good review right? They probably skirt as close as possible, to bribe being your best friend ever yeah. It's a bribe or essentially like have you experienced that yeah and I avoid it, because it's I get it because they're trying to make a good impression and trying to be on your good side as a reviewer so but like that, still won't change. What I like or don't like about your phone yeah. So like me going to that a nice event in your hotel suite in Soho, you know it doesn't make your phone better. It's like right, like let's say that it's it's manipulation. It's like hey yeah, maybe you maybe you'll be a little easier on us because we're but we're friends, yeah yeah, yeah I'm, know that's what lobbying is you know. I can say: I am pretty good friends with a couple of my contacts at Apple at Tesla at Google, great people I've hung out with them sure and if their product next year is trash, I'm gonna call it operational and they know it and that's not a problem for any of them. Have you do, or maybe you don't have to answer it, but do you recall anything like extravagant, maybe that you didn't even attend, but you were invited to I mean there's there's always parties like at CES. Half of it is like the show floor where you go out and you see the products and everything like that and then the other half is like the brand's all trying to court you to come to our suite or come to the hashtag. Whatever hashtag LG party like come to this party and hang out with us and oh by the way, there's TVs everywhere, but it's cool stuff like that. So I, don't I'm, not a big party person, so I don't even go to that. But I just see it and I understand it yeah, but I. Don't think it would sway me that much sure do you actually ever buy tech, or do you get so much that you do? You even have the need to buy gadgets for tech anymore I. Still, you must get a lot of free, [, __ ] too I do but I'm really picky. Hmm! So I like this one I bought I, got a pixel two from them to review. I got the black one I set out the white one, so I bought the white one, so I'm really picky about the stuff that I use personally everything that I carry and that's with me, I bought hmm. But if you go to the studio, yeah, there's tons of stuff there that just showed up that I'll try to use, try and get to it and when I do I, try to treat it as if I'm unwrapping it like I bought it for the first time, but it's kind of hard yeah. But so starting up you had to buy everything everything oh yeah, yeah I, remember you were one of the first challenge. I was watching way back before I even had a channel, and you had like these great cameras and [ __, ] I, can't even imagine being able to like you had all the coolest [ __ ] back yeah yeah I mean I got picky about like what I want to actually use. Obviously, and that's what drives my decision of like reviewing things in the first place, but yeah in the beginning, it was like I got my laptop bought. It reviewed it and I'm like alright. What's the next video I bought a laptop cool, I'm gonna review that now, like it's one thing at a time based on what I am buying, that philosophy still stays with me when I'm reviewing stuff. Now, if I had bought it, how would I feel but uh yeah have you? Do you believe that you should be able to edit tweets I strongly believe that you should be able added, tweets I know that you talk about it? It's 28 man, but because, in a way you need the historical here's. The case you need, you need history, preserved right and the likely targets by the way archives. All of the president's tweets. Also man archiving, is real, but here's the thanks. So like you can edit Facebook posts you can edit Instagram everything short of the actual internet. Special though it's different Witter is not sacred, it is not so this is so annoying. Well, usually, when you have a typo you're like I, [, __ ] up, and then you immediately erase it but like if you tweet out something really embarrassing mm-hmm and then like three hours later, everyone's [ __ ] on you and you want to change it. I'm sure you think that'd be funnier, you can go yeah, I, think I think you should be able to do. You should be able to edit your tweet within a certain time frame. You caught the type of I'm a little bit. That's Twitter show the Edit history put a little asterisk next to it. That's it! That's all I asked then a typo, sometimes I'm, like literally like people, ask me if I make typos on purpose. I complain: I, don't I read my own tweet like six times in the compose window, for your I, don't catch the typo I tweet it bro and then so on a rope I like I bet. You wish you could edit tweets I'm like what are you talking and just pointed out the COFF COFF fifi. We got to pull a trump sometimes and just defend our typos you're right yeah to the death. Is there any tech you want but can't afford? There's all kinds of cars I want the Roadster, the roadsters brand-new two million dollar Bugatti vighati about it. I watched a video, daddy, there's a youtuber. I watch who just has like a car collection who just does videos about his cars and every time I watch one of those videos. I'm like I kind of want that car now, like he reviews it very sincerely like this, is the Rolls Royce I use to get groceries because and I think that goes into the details about the trunk space now quiet it is and how much Headroom he has. While he's getting all these things, it's not quite the same I'm in this world of like pocketable technology, where it's usually pretty attainable relatively attainable. Yeah. We have got a question from Zak all right, Zak. What the [ __ ] is up. My doggy, hey guys: oh hey! Well, how's it going hey good. You got a you got a question for our, so just yeah just wanted to get you guys, opinion on planned obsolescence in the tech industry and whether you see that as a huge issue or if it's more of a necessary evil, especially in regards to the battery slowing down stuff with apple. Also, marques chat, wants to know what the K is for in first call it all right, don't I've! Actually, fans I appreciate your gut blushes. Okay, the K is my middle initial. In case obvious, anyone was wondering, so that's what that is, but so yeah I did you hear about the the iPhone yes and the battery diversity, and all that for anyone who hasn't I guess to make it super simple, like Apple, smartly, realizes that the iPhones battery isn't perfect and doesn't last forever as batteries do they age. So it can't maintain the same massive changes in voltages as when it was a brand new phone as when it's two years old. So when Apple sees a an iPhone, get a software update and they see, oh, it has a two-year old battery. They underclock the processor, they slow it down a bit so that the battery can keep up and doesn't degrade too fast, smart right. What they didn't tell anyone was any of that. So now someone has to do a benchmark and find Oh Apple under clocks, the CPUs of old phones period. That seems like a bad thing to do like oh you're, slowing it down and when someone's iphone slows down. What do they think I need a new phone right, sure don't think I need a new battery yeah, but if you replace the battery of an old iPhone but can use like new, so you could pay Apple for it and they would replace your battery or you could you could get a third party to do it for, however many dollars, but basically when everyone found out- and they were super angry about the fact that all you needed was a new battery- they lowered the amount they charged for a battery upgrade from 79 to $29, something like that feel still got mad about charging for it, but like let's be real 20 new, your phone. The lesson is communication, just like with you. Well, they were clearly capitalizing on that misunderstanding. For many years. Definitely they could have easily. You know they were enjoying people buying. New phones. I would never doubt that there was conversations at Apple where they were like. Well, you know we'll do you know battery? They go through the whole thing and they're like well. People are gonna, buy new iPhones when their phone slows down right yeah they are, but if they want a battery upgrade yeah, that's cool too yeah I would charge for that too. But there was a really good analogy by one of my friends: Quinn who's, a youtuber who mentioned like you, wouldn't get mad at like Acura for not replacing your tires like tires where they get old and after a while, your car starts to skid and you can't really take turns the same way and it's like man, I think I need a new car, but people don't understand the entirety of how cars work and all they need is new tires. Should they replace your tires for free, no they'll still charge for it, but I guess the difference. Being that that's a more intuitive difference, you can see why your tires are balding and that's why your skidding out worth I did a good analogy, but I think people don't get how iPhones work yeah and yeah, and it's not really intuitive, and they didn't really take the initiative to educate anyone because they were enjoying everybody buying new phones every year. So apparently they're gonna, they're gonna push a software update that lets. You pick, that's gracious, that's cool! That is very cool. Something I would have expected Apple to ever do but they'll. Let you pick. They gotten a lot of [ __ ] for that crush my sheep. It's all good! So, basically, old phones were faced with the choice of either your battery life, we'll be trash will be trash or your kimono pelvic, mostly nose now you'll have a button. Did you choose that? Would you take I would take I would pick changing my battery power, D bucks, I would yeah exactly I would say, keep crushing my battery and eventually, when it dies all get a new one. Yeah I think I do I think there was definitely internal conversations and also the conclusion to be like, and let's not tell anyone about this because we're making a fuckload of money from it yeah and now, whatever money they made, they've made it and now another my Netflix and Tesla all right. One last question: for you sure this is customary, we ask you to well very guess it's a little strange, okay feel free to say no. If it doesn't apply to you, that's okay, we get that all the time. Do you have any ghost stories or paranormal experiences, UFO alien, visitations, anything strange or paranormal? Has it ever happened to you, Wow um, I, don't think I can think of any like I I've watched those shows where I like think about it. I actually have a hilarious story about my childhood, which is nothing very little to do with this. Okay I'll take first time: okay, yeah, so I was a really little kid. We watched ET, which is you know if you've watched ET, it's so pretty weird-looking alien like so we watch it I'm, probably like eight or nine or something my sister can vouch for this, like after Oh backstory to the backstory in my bedroom. In my house, we have these closets with these automatically turning on lights, motion sensors. So if you open the the closet door, it sees a motion. It opens turns on the light, so that's cool. So after we watched the movie ET I go up to my room to go to sleep. Trying to go to sleep. Closet door is open. I'm thinking about aliens boom, closet, light turns on for no reason. I freaked out I lose it I'm like beauties in my closet. I, don't know what to do. Where do I go I scream my parents like what am I ET is my closet. Et wasn't in my closet. It was just a paranormal light. Turning on for no reason, but from that I really don't like et I've heard that a lot 80s car, it's hardly enough for kids. It's kind of a weird is, if you look at pictures of it like it's a weird dude. Is that enough, just to get I feel like enough times password if I type et, maybe something else comes up et seen, know and like the this is bro you wake up. Faced with that, this is another nice looking face like 10 years ago. The movie was like this like clay caricature, so it was like you could see like texture in it and like wrinkles, wonder why they made him so so odd, yeah man, they just think of a [ __ ] Steven Spielberg right, it's 20 looks like a cigar. Okay, yeah. It look like that huh. But, oh, my god, imagine this peeking out from the dark, exactly Majan the closet, light turning off. Alright, thanks for sharing that yeah and more than that, thank you for coming. I know you had a really busy tight schedule. I really appreciate you, making the time to come, spend the day with us or they have the evening. Looks great appreciate it your time it was a lot of fun. This is real. Yeah I appreciate you: god bless ya, guys, everybody thanks to you for watching next week we are having the great and wonderful Jordan Peterson back on the podcast for a second visit very much looking forward to that. That's an unusual day right, damn what is it yeah, yeah! That's gonna, be on a Thursday next week, I'm gonna post on the subreddit right now, Oh, what time - I think yet -. How are you normally at three but an hourly yeah so please tune in for that until then, I hope you all have a great weekend and a great week and I hope that you are not having heat seen your closet mm-hmm going safe comfortable at home, and we wish you all the best I'll see you guys. Next time see you next.