What up welcome back to another episode of the h3 podcast live at twitch TV for slash h3h3 productions. Today we have an absolute slammer on deck. This is my phone already Jonathan you're busted about it. Okay, today we have Jake Paul in the building, see any pretty legendary. At this point, so original guy that invented the ER movements, you know, Sheila kleiner would not have exist, no I, know and I'm thankful. For that every day nobody I mean you guys. You everybody knows who Jake Paul's. At this point, I mean the guy, see what you will about him, but he's achieved a lot. I mean he just hosted the Teen Choice Awards last week, I caught a clip of it I did a pretty good job. Honestly, it really did actually I mean he was natural, he's comfortable and with him is coming Chris wolf, the KTLA reporter who broke the initial story, so we're going to start with Jake he's going to come in we're going to talk a little bit and then later in the hour, we are going to bring over Chris wolf to sit in with us. It's going to be a flipping, rump and I'm so happy to be here and I'm so happy to have you guys what this is really excited about this episode so before we bring him in you. Thank the sponsors. Yes, thank you to me on DS and naturebox for sponsoring this episode appreciate you so much. What was it for them? This show won't be possible and a shout out to all of our twitch prime subscribers. God bless you. If you have Amazon Prime, you can attach it to twitch and subscribe for free. So thank you to you guys now talking about Jake. How are you feeling about this doing this interview? I'm really excited next to me. I have to say this is one of the most exciting episode. Probably there's freakin live had yeah I agree. Let me turn this freaking vibration off yeah I feel it I'm. Just I'm I'm, happy that he like came that he's willing to come into the Lions Den yeah. It's awesome, so I I have to respect the guy. For that I mean he could have easily just said. No, not sure and I was, and I was straightforward. I said KTLA guys coming too and he was cool, that's fun, so I got a tip the beanie and the Fedora to him right off the bat for agreeing to participate in this I know. I said in our last video that I don't want to make it anymore, Jake Paul videos. So we thought what better way to follow that up with then inviting Jake Paul on our podcast. That's not actually true, we've been talking to Jake for lekha actually seems like a month already for yeah bringing him on man, but it just seemed right now. For some reason, it took some time to get ma he's busy guys. So at any rate, a guy needs. No introduction. Mm-Hmm I think we're ready to bring him in yeah. So without further ado, let's bring in the the [ __ ] mr. Jake Paul. What up dog all right, yeah we're live ready to go. What up did you watch yeah, you're good? What's up doc? What was you guys doing? Good man excited happy you're here. Most of the like, hey, hey stuff on me, is like not funny, but you guys kill it like I love, hello. Thank you really good. Well, I appreciate you saying that I am sometimes when we make fun of people like I like to do it in a way where it's not, it should be like digging at the core of who this person is I. Don't know is that everyone, oh yeah, on board that just happens I like that guy again, yeah chill out dude yeah calm down going down all right. We get every discipline, okay, all right, no yeah! It's funny! It's because everyone makes mistakes. You gotta everyone's got to be made. Fun of you know, see! That's and you do feel like the criticism that's come against. You has been deserved, like how do you feel because everybody on YouTube, it's like you, feel like everyone's ganging up on you I feel like it's 50/50 I feel like it's like. The half of youtubers, like you know, were Jay Paul are and like we're, gonna support and blah blah blah, and then the other half of the YouTube, which is I. Think, like kids, that are filled with like a lot of like hate and they just love like the drama and stuff they always they always come for me and yeah I. Think some of its valid I think some of it is like okay yeah. That, like deserves to be hated on. Like really do, did you just do that because I mean, like I, said: I'm nice up a lot and I do dumb things and I'm, just like I'm I'm, just I, don't know I'm just weird and like posting videos every day like there's a there's so much, you know creativity that goes into it and, like sometimes you know, it comes off the wrong way and, like you, make mistakes to slip up and it's part of life. So is there some things that you can recall where you're like this I did I kind of deserve to get [, __, ] for and other stuff you're like this one I think people took too far, I think um the it's every day, bro thing yeah, like I, think people took that too far. It's like it was just such a juicy me. Well, whatever the the England is, my city, like all that's funny yeah, but like there was people who were legitimate like this. Kid needs to die because he made a rap song. I do ridiculous, like I live like I'm, not a rapper bro like right, like Anna and I saw the I saw even when post was in here, yeah I was like I was I was watching that segment of your podcast and he's like to look really like he's, like he's, like checking my flows and like my lyrics and like picking apart the whole entire thing, and it's like yo, it's like he made his first vlog like he's a big rapper I'm, a big blogger. If he made his first vlog like I, could easily go in and be like. Oh this business is this. You know well, I, don't recall what post said, but I don't really either it was a negative overall. You you felt. Are you fan of post? Do I love his long real I told Matt relations? That's how I am so it. What kind of it felt, especially bad hearing him [ __ ] on your? Oh! No I don't care about I, don't care about who it is right. You know like that's, that's the name of the game but and I still thought it was like I'm funny. You know, I'm taking all this stuff like light-hearted I. Guess you guys kind of present it like real music, though, because you get you take it, you shoot it like a real doe video. You have producers like a real music video. You do shows like a real music video. We always are going I hear of it. I hear a tech yeah. It is then um we can kind of hear ourselves yeah their echo. Is it gone dan? Are you live? It was meditated, my auto tune from the no yeah. It was so. Okay, sorry, sorry, go ahead! Sorry, no, like I, totally get we presented as real music, but, like we made that song in three hours we made the music video in three hours. Really yeah I was wondering about that. Because I mean the product. It was really well shot. It was really well edited. Thank you. You got, you must have a team working on that [ __ ] right, like 12 hours, when I need support like if I'm doing like two videos a day or whatever it is yeah like I, have like editors that help and stuff, but the this a new edit, your own videos, most of the time really yeah most of the time and and and if I can't that's what I like I offered it to someone like, for example, I'm going to Pennsylvania tonight so I'll be on a flight, a red-eye and so I can't I, can't I won't be able to get it done. Is there a difference? You feel like when someone added to a verse when you edit it? No, it's all good and low people can't tell the difference. So why do I waste your time? Editing it um I, think I always try to like innovate the game and like push it forward and forward and forward and like with the edits and like I'm, always thinking about how I can add in like more memes sound effect, right, crazy stuff, so on and so forth and I try to have the other people edit it as much as possible. Yeah I will do I mean we try getting editors so many times and for us it never works like they. Don't they can never get it there. It's so personal I found I found the legend. You got a lightning head attack, [ __, ] yeah get out of this jack. He loves you jack. So without him, I'd be dead, but, like I'm, sorry I got too far away. Um yeah! God bless your mic etiquette. We have so much guests in here or like they might end their like this. This is thanks for one second is like oh [, __ ] drop out here, I'm a rapper right, I'm, rats, everyday Road. So getting back to what we talked about. Oh one, more thing, sorry to interrupt. The I was pissed at the producer who made it every day bro. Why? Because we're doing ad-libs right and I was like I'm, not a rapper at the beginning, took the ad lid off daunting done. That ended me in like a a second viewing on the edit before went out. Dude, that's how fast it was right, twelve, twelve hours from making song to like music like 18 hours, from making the song to being online. That is, you can say what you will about you. A lot of people love! You love! You behave you, but the Hustle is insane. Thank you. Room I mean anyone who denies that it's just not being honest. I appreciate that yeah. That's for sure that that's what it's all about and like hard work and and you can get anywhere in life, I think. So what is your schedule line yeah? It must be insane yeah like I, basically I, basically like never sleep, always doing something, because I'm I'm like running a business, doing the YouTube thing acting thing like writing movies. Working on like a couple different TV shows obviously like the merch stuff. Excuse me like I, make investments so in ever ends, I mean probably same for you guys. Yeah I mean it's it's hard to keep up these days for sure. Let me go back to what we were talking about in the beginning, because you were saying some things you deserve to get criticized for some things not and the one thing that you think you didn't get deserved for was it's every day, bro yeah! Well, so I I agree. It was fun. Making fun I! Think the thing that is that it went so big that it became like such a. It was just so good to talk about right, yeah. That was shocking. Did that surprise, you do I didn't think it was gonna, get that big I, like literally abusive Evan, like ninety nine ninety, but the thing is like anywhere I go like anyone who's a phantom I could sing the whole song starts, finished, yeah, I, think for like under like eight even we can guide of, but under 18 they're like I'm. All for this you know right, um, I, didn't think I didn't know. I was gonna. Get that to me, like I woke up I was like I'm vlogging. What do I do today? I want to make a song in one day that's how it started, and so, like I, had no idea that it was going to blow up like that. Interesting. So I agree. People like you wishing death on you we're making a video they don't like is ridiculous, but so what are some things? You've done that you think are worth the criticism. You've got trying to go through the list. Man I forget I, don't even like I. Try to forget all the things I get I get criticized for. Oh um, I. Think we'll I think there's a lot of things that you criticize for that's. Okay, we can work. What's an example like I guess we can go as well until the hair. Let me pull up. I've got [ __, ] 50 things. All ya, see - nice, I, guess what we can come back to that later, but anyway, I I think it's a I was saying before you came in, but big props to you for coming in here and sitting down with us. I think that's very cool that you came today. I appreciate that a lot. Thank you minute, yeah and I I think I love your guys's content. I know it's like bashing me sometimes, but it's funny and I think a lot of people have like the wrong perception of Who I. Am you know that everyone thinks I'm like this crazy young kid running around like breaking stuff and I? Don't think about like what I do and I'm just like going nuts? So what is the difference between Jake Paul on camera and off camera? Hmm I, say: I. Think it's like Jake Paul on cameras like okay, like we're doing this for entertainment, like a ton of people, are gonna, be watching this. It's telling a story, it's like a heightened version of Who I am, and it's super fast pace and and I'm like always got the jokes on always got the you know the the pranks rolling that that's how I describe it and then off camera. It's like on that on that same person, but it's like I'm, more chill, yeah I kind of just let them hang out. You know I'm doing my thing and, like me, and my friends joke around, but it's not like loud and in-your-face yeah I mean people call me a douche bag, a lot but like because of the how they see me on camera. I. Think like even like news reported saying like people who knew me. Clearly, everyone was sexy. Anything like bro, that's the funniest thing I've ever seen, because they know me and I'm, just like I'm, just like I do that stuff, like as I explore the moment, sometimes I get in the moment. So what's you when you during that news report, was that like on camera, Jake or off-camera Jake? Do you know what I mean dude? That was like way too on Kim, okay, okay, yeah I was like I'm still gonna send like it wasn't. Even me, I was like playing a character that my neighbors hate me about I'm still, gonna, send it with like the silly voice run and like jumpy on the news van like I would never do if I saw a news reporter, like off-camera Jake I'd, just be like yo like what's up bro like yeah. Oh, you want to remit dope like let's talk about some cracker um, but I, never like and I think even some like that. It's not like on camera off camera Jake, some of its like sometimes I I, do get in those modes of just like madness and and like I, just want to have fun and like make people laugh and be funny, and entertaining and and I like watching myself, like on videos and sometimes I. You watch back your videos, yeah, really yeah, so you'll, post, a video and then you'll watch the whole thing you watch it more than once um not more than once. No just like one time like fresh like sometimes it's down like we sit down like with the squad and like watch the videos, and so sometimes I'm, watching myself and I'm, like bro you're, being boring right now, like this vlog sucks and I'm like okay, I, remember that, like I, can get better at like you're, studying exact time, studying myself and improving so I think it's like I'm always trying to get better at being on camera. Like doing the next funnier thing. Someone said to me to actually they were like. Ah I forget what we did. I think we like blew someone's car up in a video and like one of my friend's dad's, was like call them, and it's like you guys are crazy like when does, and what's next like what are you going to do next, like when you're going to run out of videos- and that's like it's ah I always said like the Simpsons went on for 30 seasons like I'm, never going to run out of ideas, but it's like yeah. What is next like? How do we beat that, like I, always want to beat myself and I things like becoming better every day, bro, so I want to get better on camera every day right, you know to define a correlation between, like you say when you watch back your videos, you're like man, I was boring in that one. Do you find a correlation between the success of a video or do you think that it doesn't really matter like you watch the back of video and see if that one wasn't very good, but maybe it gets a lot of views. Yeah final phrase even know: I'm super critical, sometimes I'll, be like this vlog sucks and it'll get like way more views and another one where I'm like is amazing, actually like two of my favorite videos or like they sent a lot of views but they're not like my most viewed video right um that happens to us yeah yeah every time because, like you, never know what the audience is going to eat up, yeah it so every every day it's different. It's like what can I do here like do I talk about this or you know, do I do this prank? How do I you know well before we get any deeper? Actually do you want to talk about something that just came up this morning? You probably know what it is. Yeah I mean I'm, not really familiar with the faze clan I. Don't know them I really don't know what they are, but just this morning this morning right, oh yes, our usual day. That's when it all I kind of got. When did you post your new video posted it today? Okay, so gay posted a new video today, where he basically accused the owner of phase right phase banks I, don't know they all have on their BIOS. Are all owners yeah, okay, so he's a phase guy he's one of the face owners to collective and basically saying that this guy choked out your assistant and her I saw her neck. It's a completely black and blue bruised over, and it's been like he's on Twitter saying that he said you can't get much lower than this as a human I have no words. This is way beyond internet beef. At this point, I promise you guys I'm pursuing legal action to the highest degree. In addition to my response, video, where your thoughts on that my thoughts are like I would never lie to my fans. This happened. How would you know I mean how? How would you have that level of certainty where you're, like I'm gonna, put this in a video and [ __ ]? Exactly? Was this guy so like? There is multiple people there who saw it happen right um? Obviously she has a bruise on her neck. Her D, like you, don't just get a bruise from like like getting hit like yeah, be like yeah like and and not only that phase was there. He admitted to it on DMS yeah I saw that he was like I was definitely there. Bro yeah I think that he said he was drunk. He said he got into a fight that night and he said he lost his phone so clearly he was being belligerent. He said he doesn't remember anything. The only thing I really want to say further more to the point like it happened, the police are involved. My sister has made a police report Warwick the club that they're at has cameras and because there's there you go for the to exact amount. The truth will come out. That's and that's all I say I trust that the police are going to handle it Fay's, whoever the other people there can say, whatever they want to see even be Fame or it's not just like straight up criminal and inanimate, and that's why I want to make a video about it, because I wasn't trying to make it like this whole drama thing to be honest, I hate drama like I, don't want to be beefing with anybody, but the reason why I made a video about it is to raise awareness in general for humans getting assaulted like it is not okay at all and we stopped, and if it wasn't my assistant, he could have kept on doing that and doing all the craziest thing about the story to me is that he didn't know who she was at the club. He just randomly like what am I right, what what rather joking her out yeah like what the [ __ ] you just walk to by him or something I'm not, and he did that yeah. That's the story just started choking out a random girl and it he wasn't trying to choke her or like it was like he was trying to kiss her Oh vagina kisser. Oh, it was like a come here. Let me kiss you around your neck, so I get my girls baby. That's how I got here. I gave her a nice little choke hold your kiss and the rest is history, ya know, but like seriously, it's like it's a problem and that's why I wanted to make a video about it, but the police are going to handle it like okay, there and the rest of its childish, like the rest of the back-and-forth. Is childish like I, didn't make that video to accuse anyone just do anything but like the rest, like their response is whatever it is. It doesn't matter because it half right bottom line in cash cameras well, I'd, be interesting to follow the development. I was really surprised when I saw that I'm like good family, good, joke I got bruised, it's pretty serious yeah. That doesn't just happen easily. Well, I'm, looking forward to his response video too, but basically I was like well, how did maybe it wasn't? It got him and then I saw nip Crumpton. God bless his soul, England England, Italy yeah love that [ __ ]. He that he would hurt and he posted dance they had from yesterday when he was admitting to being there, as you said so anyway, we'll follow that as it develops regardless, you are a white boy from Ohio. That's right! That's 100% effect! What's with that? What's with the white boy thing, I don't even know it's like you're in the studio and like the ad-libs are coming yeah and you're like what yeah Cleveland right: okay, okay, when I was trying to rap dude like that's right, okay, so that's just refreshing to yes! They see that you know and I am from what do you think the songs good like? Do you think the video I'm just I don't mean that in that, in a dickish way, yeah I think, like I, do think it's good okay, yeah I do catchy. That's I mean it's catchy, but I mean you know. You made it in three days: three hours: oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. Every hour. Excuse me: do people? Did you guys? Alright, your lyrics for that no dude and that's why I feel so bad because I wrote next part? Oh, you wrote yeah, you wrote England is my city yeah I'm, alright badly [ __ ]? Yes, he did because I first of all, okay I, admit so whoa. It's so yeah. It's kind of a [, __, ] up I, admit yeah. He also [ __ ] read it presume, presumably before he, but here a fella nervous. He was like dude I, don't want to rap like he's a CEO of team 10 like he does all the business of Greece they're, all my videos and he's got sucked into being like one of the biggest memes of 117 biggest me bro bike I. He was like I, don't want to rap I, don't want to rap and I was like dude. You got this. It's gonna blow up. Bro like people want to see. Nick Crompton yeah Jake Pollard's, want to see this right. I, don't even know how to read buzzing. I got you I'ma write this I love that and to be fair. Dude like dude England is a city in like Arkansas yeah, but that's not your nice. That's not what you met, but it's not president he's not a pet yeah. You know it was a quick shield. I just get it any word. Yeah but I mean and then also in your defense. That meme is fun. I mean that's one of the reasons why that song was so prolific. You're selling merch with England is my city you're, making money and Rancho Mirage Church baby. What is that well? Well, yeah Jimmy. What's stupid what simple dignified, let me explain why down yeah I just dropped some new merch and it's selling, like a god, comma church that doesn't make sense. What is the church God God use out like no God in church? Yes, I'm going three hours, it does not excuse them. Selling merch like we were actually trying to figure it out because I really maybe we're member eundel March and it's selling like a god Church, but I'm, not that good I had all like a God going to church. So that's missing like yeah. It's a great line, though yeah and yeah. Just me made some merch about it. I know, I love that it's a thing. Now you got it. You got it. You got to take the hate and just spiral. It back. We'll started calling me Jake the snake, March bro I am Jake the thing. What's up, why do people call you Jake the same I, don't know, there's just a thing. My ex started calling me that Oh people just ran with it. You know Iran's rhymes it does. It does I tried to get rival, rhymes got merged, search, I, actually, I'm, not I'm, not that deep into like the because, basically King 10 house seems like a almost like a puck in what was supposed to that reality. Show the big brother, no, no, no, the old one on MTV Hills bill real rules, everybody yeah real world. It's like a it's just like an ongoing real world house up I mean. Is that a apt comparison yeah, it's pretty great. There's, always you guys, all just you know bodily fluids, you're old, it's a it's like a black eye. It's like a Frau y'all, swapping yeah, so yeah, essentially yeah. That is, but you guys are all under the age of 21 or, however, you know I'm, 20, okay, I, don't even know yeah. It varies it's like from 18 to like 24, so, okay, yeah I'm here you you started on behind mm-hmm you and your brother both were well you're. Logan was on vine first right. How did no, no so I I, actually downloaded vine. The first day I came out and like was making videos on it. I told my brother I was like yo you're going to like this. He downloaded vine and, like starts making vines, comes into the room one day and is like bro that camera angle sucks I was like what do you mean and more followers than you stop I had like 60 followers like mother's favorite, right I had like ten and but he was the older brother and I, set it in front of his girlfriend at the time he was like got furious like we are. We are competitive, he got angry, he got angry and so is the other anger. No, no just like competitive yeah it with you. He has a short-tempered were so competitive with each other. I was I was wondering about that so youyou found vine. First, did you guys always want to be like entertainers? We did. It was abundant, it was an accident, but we did it for fun. We did it since real, like 10, we were making videos, so you found vine first and then Logan came in after you. He [ __ ] bit your style. He ripped off your whole game. No, no! No! Sorry! We got into a competition I'm like who could get more followers, okay, and then he had he actually had more followers on bond right. Ah, yes, yes, for, like the whole entire time in vine, damn boy but like what's crazy about it. Is that, like one of the videos that he made went viral and he grew 5,000, followers and I grew like 3000, and it's always been that exact ratio. It's then eventually the six like sixty to a hundred ratio like if he has five million I always had three million do so you think that he doesn't deserve the number one spot in terms of the brothers dude I am so proud of him, like he's amazing, at creating content and like he's so creative and always like pushing the pushing the ball forward, I think he owned the like divine platform and I wasn't as developed as a content creator, then I was only 16 and he was 18 by the time. I was 18. My videos are better than when he was 18, yeah and like by the time. So it's just a age thing. If you were his age, if you guys started you're both 18 years old, so you were twins well, you would have beat them: 100%, I'm, better-looking, okay, that's half of social Nets, always right! If that's, why I'm not at ten million years away what it is today, because you're both on YouTube now and your boat and what so I have wait? I might hit 10 million like right now, I'll check the live student Jake Paul live subscriber count. Yeah. That's actually special to share that moment. What I hope you do. Let's see, you're at know, my god, you're 5,000 wait yeah a little on the background, so here Jake, so you can watch it lower, exact you so much. I I need a film that when it happens, okay yeah, it's right there for you. So what is Logan it Logan's at like ten points, three wait. He panel I thought you were the king on YouTube, so um I think like the hate and stuff like hindered it a little bit and he took a lead and he was like hating on me too. So everyone is like yeah. I know that I'm coming on his side, um hello, gang yo, fella game. It's all. He passed I thought game for him, so it's like, he doesn't take it seriously. They hate you get. You think he capitalized it on a little bit, instead of being like, instead of being like sympathetic and be like bro I got you you're, like man, you [ __ ]. Maybe you took a little too much advantage of this hundred percent yeah, which is fine, dude lotta game. That's the entertainment industry right that is your brother and yeah, but he's like 300 he's like 300,000 subscribers ahead, but like there was a malt when I first started vlogging he was he was passing. He has 40 days on me. He has 40 days of videos on me and I'll, be like one of the fastest I. Think you'd be fastest channel out of like a specific youtuber to hit 10 million subscribers I'm going to close this because I'm going um but but I'll pull it back, we're just going to sit silent, what'd your [ __ ], going to be there in like five minutes yeah but like the thing is, is we always really constantly pass in each other like I? Remember at one point, I passed him again like around five million and I was like four hundred head and then he came back for a second and then I like a little out of the water, and so it's like this constant back and forth, but I'm gonna pass him like and I still get more views than them every day. So it's kind of weird like he has more subscribers, but I get more views. So it's that happens, I just think you're, making I think that me just means you're making better content than him. Yeah I, don't know. Maybe I mean. Definitely that's what you were saying between the lines right all I know we were actually we're actually eating with each other on Twitter about it. This morning, uh- and we were like going back and forth and, like my my ultimatum, like it's funny and it's like a brotherly competition, it's all just for fun but, like my ultimate thing is like I, could just ask him how many subscribers he had when he was 20 and happier when you always think that I was I was rolling? Was there, it was there ever a moment when, like all you're, getting all this [ __, ] and you're like you're, like man I wish like did, he ever call you and be like bro like when you were on the KTLA report and he's like man. What's up dude like chill out tone it down, yeah tone it down right, I, know: I, know: Chris is coming yeah you're done, they Logan did the same exact thing. Really he was there. He was here that area and he that he did the same as I think he was messing around with the camera grabbing it like going up and do it me like what's up what's up like messing around cut him out, framed me we're aimed we. What do you think framed me? Why did they do that? Oh let's we can ask him is anything about the neighbors and they were right, so it would have made sense, but bro he was involved in it. He got lucky bro well, so if you could go back in time and be like I would rather this happen to logan than me? Would you do it over because you got a lot of attention from that I would not do it over you and II wouldn't want to have to here's? Why? What you would take it if I would take it again? Okay, here's why it got me to a point. So my goal like since I've here when I was 17 was to be both traditionally media famous and social media famous right, because my goal is to be like a huge movie star and being doing like big movies Logan. Is this the same goal right? Uh, yes, and most I always hear him saying stuff like I want to be the number one entertainer in the world, yeah I think that's his goal: okay, um and so I know. I knew at some point I needed to make a jump from social to traditional right, which is why I got onto the Disney show they were like yo you're not going to get paid a lot for this, like you're, going to have to be there five days a week for like potentially four years, etc and I knew that was going to help me boost myself into traditional media, so adults like I, get into an uber and the uber drivers like yo, like what do you do and it's like an older guy I'm like oh I, make youtube videos he's just like you know: driving yeah. Oh my Disney Channel, oh okay, like great, you know, I mean so it's a it's a difference of the two and what the neighbor situation thing did is shed shed a light on to what I was doing and everything that I had going on and it made it so that, like basically anything I do now gets picked up in the press and like that's. Why I could the Kardashians are so successful because of all the drama and and all that stuff that they have going on so and you kind of live by this? The classics and like there's no such thing as bad publicity. All press is good press right and the thing I'm not sure choking out girls, yeah yeah, that's not that you're doing I know nice terrible but like, although it works for Chris Brown, the problem. No, but the problem, maybe I, should have a girl he's more famous than ever. Yeah. That's bad okay, but like the the problem is, is that the all? Not all press is good press if you're like? Actually that person got it. So the thing is is like I'm, not that crazy guy, the neighbors and I people don't know the real story like so eventually. The light will shine that, like I'm, not like this crazy guy jumping on like KTLA new or their ardent neighbor is not actually mad. There's only like three neighbors, the ones next to us, the ones like across the street and then like some down the street when I went to go talk to these neighbors, a lot of them are like. Oh, no bro, we're fans like keep going you're doing your thing, and so it's like the three neighbors and I can understand. Dude, like there's fans outside of our house at all times, yeah 3:00 in the morning 9:00 in the morning, I just made I have a friend who lives near you in the same neighborhood or near the Tim ten house, and he sent me this picture just from yesterday and man. This was a long time ago right, like this story, broke and look at this picture. Just from yesterday and there's like a [ __ ] mob outside it's not a very wide, let's picture yeah you can see, there's like 20 or 30 people like a lion, yeah, yeah and and like so it's still, it doesn't seem like it's gotten much better for the neighbors um. We have done our best on what we can do. All we can do is not like go outside and be like lighting stuff on fire and doing crazy stuff and being loud, which, to be honest, is like not even that big of a problem, because none of that affects them and we're not allowed at night it's just during the day, while we're making videos or whatever- and we have asked again for our fans not to come to the house but like we love our fans and they love us and they're going to come. They know where we look and then, on the other hand, you guys, like put it, you put your address publicly yeah, because I think what everyone thinks that yeah everyone thinks that we put our address like online for people to come, which isn't the case. There's a there's, a YouTube video like a while back like right when I started vlogging that says, like I, found the team's an address, and it shows like clips I'm like how he did it and like I did a drone shot and he likes all people are afraid of Rain Man bill they're, just so to clarify. How did it get on uncle Google as a business address, because if you type team 10 your address shows up- and it says this business and it's even got ours, yeah I, don't even know that's something. I had like a bunch of reviews and [ __, ] and I. Think I. Think it's like fans or someone put it online huh and we added a crazy thing about it. I think that Google requires some kind of verification from like the address owner to lista, I mean dude, I, don't know, and but but I don't know how it got on there. But I do know that a while back before any of the neighbors stuff even happened when fans like it was like 1 or 2 fans showing up. We try to get the address off. We're like who put this up. Let's get it down, let's get it down, let's get it down, let's get it down and like I, still think it's up because like knowing that they like won't, let us take it down yeah that will never go away yeah, but now yeah. Now it's a thing. We're like people just know our address and literally like type in team 10, on your account like it'll. Take you to route, oh my god, so kids is putting on that. It doesn't blow your mind. The kids are showing up with their parents like that shocks me yeah, it's and I. The hardest part about it for me is like I want to take pictures of each and every one of them, but there's so many people that it would take like hours of my day every day to say, hi or so, and so then so then like and it started the whole situation sucks for us too, because I leave my house and these kids like are they're asking to take pictures I'm like hi hi. Sorry I can't take pictures like whatever and then that, but then their parents are like. We drove here, you're a jerk you're, a jerk I'm like dude. No, you can have my house exactly like I feel, like a zoo animal. You know, I mean yeah like it's like welcome to the exhibit like they're outside our house like filming us and it it's just a bad. Well, knowing that you didn't put that address up there, I do feel bad for you, I heard this one I guess you like any ask youtubers or I mean us and other youtubers who are usually so careful about showing any detail that may give you like a hint of where the house is because we know that people will find it immediately. So I wonder if you guys were like new to YouTube, and you didn't know that you should hide it more yeah I mean we gotta just do it filming in the front yard, I mean it would be easily identifiable, but I guess it's hard to predict that it would turn into such a circus yeah but and we're trying to like move in stuff. So it's your tribe but you're still living there yeah. We did eight, that's so great! Well, here's what I want to do. I want to take a short break. I want to come back in a quick five minutes. I have some questions for you. I want to talk about team. Ten I won't talk about all that and that stuff going on there cool and I'm. Just going to do a quick thank you to our sponsors and we'll be back after that. Do you want to do you want to go to the bathroom or get water anything I'm? You can sit here if you want what I want to eat chips, I'll go here, I go chill for like five minutes and then we'll be ready to go thanks, Doug all right! Thank you. Everybody for hanging out and hanging with us with Jake Paul. Coming up later, we also have Chris wolf from KTLA, is going to be sitting down and joining us about all this team. Ten fiasco pretty excited to sit down with all these guys, but so far I'm really happening Jake. You know, Dustin give a quick! Thank you to our sponsors. First, we have a nature box. All right now, nature box is a online snack service. These guys make some bog snacks. Take it from me, I'm a fat monster. Do you want tips about food? You know you can trust me all right. Naturebox has a hundred snacks that tastes good and actually better for you they're all made from high-quality, simple agrees, which means no artificial, colors, flavors or sweeteners. So you can feel good about what you're eating, which is good for me, because I usually feel bad about everything. I eat, I, say meat. They are actually great. Snacks did soda and they're healthy for you armen at least they're. Not that bad. It's a it's actually a great deal you go on. They've got all these snacks. They update it I'm telling you it's killer. My favorites are the sriracha cashews, the coconut cashews and, let's not forget the jalapeno popcorn spicy hot guys. If you go to nature box.com last lash h3, you get three free snacks with their first order that nature box, calm you to nature box for sponsoring us and next up we have meat undies, who makes the most comfortable underwear and the whole [ __ ] planet, soft and cushy. So when you're done gorging on the on the nature box, like I, do I'll sit and I'll eat 20 of them. They're like this is healthy. You can feel good about it, I'm, not not at the quantity that I I guarantee you'll feel bad if you eat as much of me, but it's so good you're going to want to so I ate, 20, nature boxes and then I'm like I need some soft, flexible underwear too, don't hold my obese body and then I head over to me. Undies, okay I got some yummies here, it's so soft, it's so cushy. It's got design, so you can express yourself yeah most people, I, don't show my underwear to anyone. The expression part doesn't connect with me personally I like it. You know you likes it. It looks like you know what you're really expressing yourself today, but it is the soft and it's the most comfortable I'm telling you you go pick this up. Your boys are going to breathe here. They wrote this copy that actually made me giggle. What was it? It's a something about the jewels. Let's see here, I wanted to read this part. The Andes is the anyway something about the jewels. Your junk is your most power. You know valuable jewels. Are you going to lock those in a vault you know or that what they wrote? You know this I'm riffing on I'm riffing. Are you going to put those in a vault under a key? Are you going to just put them in your top drawer I, put my valuable jewels and the best place possible, and that's me on DS, okay, here's the deal get 20% off your first pair and free shipping. By going to me on DS comm, /h 3, my friends, it's a no brainer. You get 20% off your first purchase with Free, Shipping and I'll. Tell you what there's a hundred percent to get a satisfaction guarantee. If your boys ain't click, your boys aren't fresh and flopping or secure, but you know whatever comfortable, then you get your frickin. You get a refund I! Think that yep you get your money back. If you don't like, leave and return it so guys. Thank you so much to our sponsors head on over to me and ease comm /h 3. If you want to cradle your jewels with the best bank in town to annotator and market for some snacks, considering it over to March nature box, help support the show by supporting our sponsors. Thank you guys so much all right. So here's what we're going to do! I think Chris is here, but I want to do one more segment with Jake. Do you want to take a break? Do you wanna use the bathroom? You just want to hop right back in um I. Couldn't do it away so we're going to take a quick like two minute max breaker I'm, going to go, say hi to Chris Peter little bit right back, don't go so guys, don't go anywhere! This is just beginning. Okay up next, it's going to be weird and wild and by the way, thank you to all the twitch prime subscribers. You guys are the best be back in two minutes. Welcome back everybody to the h3. Podcast live with Jake Paul. What up what's going down on man, so we basically left off I wanted to ask you about team. Ten I'm fascinated by the whole thing, I've, never seen anything like it on YouTube, it's like a youtube boyband, you guys are like rappers you're, like I've, never seen institution like this on YouTube, so I first thing I want to ask you about it's like the merch. Is the merge operation you guys have. Is bananas like how much how much volume, how many articles of stuff do you sell like monthly um? For me, it's not about like how much I sell it's like it's like about, like I, want each kid to like have a piece of clothing that that represents like, for my merch, specifically, is like getting better every day, smiling every day working harder every day, and because of that thing it's like turned into more of like a movement and I've talked to kids in like schools, and it's literally like oh, what piece of merch do you have of Jake's? What piece of merch do you have of Jake's, where it's like it's it's gotten massive and like basically, anytime I meet like a fan, they're like they have merch on, and it's crazy, that's powerful to connect on that level. Yeah I have a friend of mine who ordered some of your merch, and he had mentioned that. You hand-delivered it. That's right. That's really! Dutch! You do that for everybody, you know all the only up. Welcome love what we, what were you thinking like when you got that order and decided to like go to his house with it? These are mean yeah, I'm, just curious. Clearly you know this yeah another source and I was there yeah? Ah no, but I was so confused. I was like okay talk smack about me on the h3 podcast and then a couple of days later tweets out that he ordered my merch. So I'm like all right. What's going on here like is he going to get the March and try and like burn it and like make a video about it? Is he going to get the merch and like try and wear it in his next music video and my clown? It and I was like I need to go. Ask the man himself, and it was. It was like a playful thing to me so in your in your head, you felt like it was more likely. He did it for me. Yeah I thought I thought he was gonna like mess with me or, like I, feel like Yoshi, like screw this kid right with my marchand like claw me and um I was like I told my friends like you know like we should go hand-deliver this like this, would be this movie. This would be funny, but if, if he gets pissed and there's like no, you can't record this whatever I'm going to totally respect that and be like, we can't. We can't even put this any of this in the blog, and so we were logging. The whole thing with the idea that he was probably going to be like, like screw. You go away and like on our website and stuff. It's like it says, like there's a privacy policy and like all the stuff- and it says like you know, we need we need their address to be able to deliver it and, like that's for the merch quad, you don't fill the you know center right, yeah, but with like any of that, like did you never cross your mind that maybe it was inappropriate to take his address. I mean in retrospect, you think in retrospect yeah it was respect. I, totally messed up, like also there's something a little bit presumptuous about being like I'm in time, like I, think you're going to clown on me and be I'm entitled to confront you at your home about it. That was the part that kind of rubbed me I. Think of all the things you've done. That's probably the thing that I think you deserve criticism for yeah, no I totally get it. Do you agree. Aston yeah in hindsight, like I messed up like in hindsight, like I, should have reached like yo. Can I head and deliver this to you from our video right um, but I'm always like the one that like just goes for it and I'm like asks for forgiveness later or like you think that lyrics are flower. You think that's a good thing, I think it's a good thing. The reason why it's it's a bad thing in certain situations, but in my life in general, it's been the reason why I have success, because it could have been like oh I'm, just going to sit here in Ohio and make vines or I'm just going to move to Los Angeles next week and become a movie star, saying: you're, impulsive, not impulsive, but like I'd Emma go get her well one I, don't know that I would equate those two things but being like a go-getter or maybe invading someone's privacy and also like so I know you filmed the front of his house like the whole [ __ ] thing, which was a nice which shocked me as someone who really values my privacy and then yeah I, know and I saw in the vlog. You said: did you tell him that someone was across the street filming from the car like sniper? No, but I did ask my was like y'all. Are you cool if we vlog this yeah, but that I mean that's like a far cry right from someone in the car filming the front of his house? I. Don't think so? Really because you're in you're, at his doorstep, with a camera there but I could have but I could have filmed I could have been vlogging while I'm walking up to the doorstep. I think it's like common decency to no no I agree. I, agree, I, messed up I'm. Just saying like this is what was going through my head right and when he was like you can vlog. This I was like. Oh, my god. This is going great and he was so cool. He was like he's, not he's the nicest guy ever right and, and that was I, think I, don't know if it was your video or someone else's. That was like, oh well. He was just being nice totally get that okay, but how hard is it for him afterwards? If you like, didn't want to be like no on his own property? How hard is it for him afterwards to hit me with an email to hit me with a Twitter DM to be like hey I thought about it, I, don't what you did, I, don't I think the way I said that when you asked him, is it cool? If we vlog this, that's when the vlog started right, I think he didn't know that there was footage before it. No I was recorded, I mean I had the granite, because the camera was pointing down you're like can I vlog, and then you like put in his face and then when you wrote on pants on yeah, you know because it's like, oh, let me put on my pants if we're going to film it's kind of a weird anyway. Yet this sniper shot from the car I, don't think that's implied, I'm messed up, I, messed up, I'm, sorry, post, sorry, very lazy, so extending it I don't mean to drill you, no, no I, like any drill, because dude the only way I can get better is by making mistakes. You know and learning from them. Uh and there's there's really no excuse but like I'm, just trying to paint a picture like what was going through my head right here, yeah, but then like the reception too, was like you. Didn't you never heard from post I assume right, hmm! No! But then, like you, never deleted the video which I, which is what I was expecting and you put like a little blur. It wasn't really effective. It was more like a like I mean you guys put put that same blur in your video, though so we blow the whole entire thing. You did it through YouTube yeah, and it was like just like a block: no I blurred it in Premiere, I blurred the whole thing we went back in YouTube and blurred the whole thing to you can't really do that on YouTube. It's just like a block that covers the house and then the rest is visible right. Pretty much well, I know I'm, rambling yeah, but ah yeah I mean we blurred it as much as possible and I know. Other people are using, like the footage set like well on the same boat there with the blurred footage, not really anyway, all right. Let's move on forget about this. Are you mad at me? I'm, not mad, no I'm, not mad, don't be mad. I just feel like you're, not being real about it in a way because it's different than what you're saying that what I did is the same as what you did and that's patently not WR like you blurred the footage in a little block, but we went back and we blurred the whole day at the video editing software on YouTube sucks. You can't really blur it. The only way to effectively remove that footage would be to remove the video which I can't bro. Why is every day bro? You know how you have like superstitions about like leave it doing a video every day. Dude like it's night, it's like is my catchphrase. Bro like I, can well like simulate, yeah and and for [Applause] there's, no reason you would ever delete a video, no I would but not not for that. Not for that, because we blurred the whole thing and it's like and and not not even that, but even even the parts that we did below. That was the only revealing part of it. If you have no idea where he lives, look out, I cut I want it I kind of want to pull it up, but I don't know if it's worth getting into that deep into it. I, don't think all right. Let's move it on yeah anyway, you know whatever and I would have YouTube edited like cut out the whole entire thing, but after a certain amount of views you can't cut it. I know that so yeah it was either delete or or or shitty blur. Yeah shitty, blue, okay I mean, if, when you, when you compromise someone's like privacy, I feel like doing that gesture of erasing. It would have been the right thing to do, instead of being like I have to upload every day, and this video is still getting views, so I need to do a shitty blur and keep it up, even though it might compromise the strangers. Privacy who I showed up as house and never asked me to you, know like I, feel like of those two options: that's the right choice and that and what you'd and like leaving it up with the shitty blur is, like you know, yeah the best. That's just my point, that's all again, if you would and again if he was like yo, can you delete that, but yeah you never reached out to if he was like if he was like, yo cannot post that you need elite, it I would have done it, but the man himself never did it. It's kind of like the neighbor situation. Almost right, like everyone was like they used KTLA. To talk to me. That's interesting yeah, they never I, know close talk to you and, and he sorry about it right but like he never talked to me, yeah, it's like if he was like yo chill he's a video even now, if he, if he hit me up now, yeah my post is your open invitation but like no one's I guarantee, I guarantee has gone to his house guarantee because of that video you can guarantee it. I guess we'll find out well anyway. I, don't think it's a huge problem for him. I'll tell you that it's not the house dice to tell you that's just no. He didn't yeah yeah. He never! He never was like he'll make this video about. You know yeah I thought he did text me right after you came to his house and he's like Jake Paul, just showed up in my house with the [ __ ], but he, but just just for clarity for you. He wasn't. It didn't cause much problems for him. You know, and he never did ask you to erase it so just being fair to you on that one. So anyway, let's move on past that so tell me team ten, as we were getting into that, we took a little bit of a [ __ ] yeah segue LRAD David, like a [, __, ] path. Up that tell me about like your rationale, for for like establishing team ten was that you're the CEO right yeah? Yes, so basically my my goal was like all of the social media stuff that I do is like to innovate and take it to the next level and do stuff. That's never been done before and I saw this flaw when I first moved to Los Angeles that, like no social media creators were like down to help each other, they were, but they weren't. You know saying like it was every man for himself and I was like that's a flaw like everyone on social media should be helping themselves, helping each other, collaborating and being like a family, and everyone will grow from it. But instead it was like. Oh I have ten million, and you have nine million I can't collaborate with you, but then this ten million person would want to be like I want to collaborate with the 11 million person. Right as there was a very flawed system, and so I was like all right. I want to create this team and find like young creators and help them blow up their careers and then from there we're just going to continue to do that and do that and do that. It's going to come, I mean it has become the most powerful team on the internet. It's impressive! What you guys are called like I can't [ __ ] lie about that. Thank you. So you you created it along with some investors right, yeah, exactly I, don't know it much about the investors but like essentially, how did you guys come? How did you meet them? How did you come up like come together because they invested like a million dollars right, yeah artists, yeah yeah, so I raised a million dollars from investors to start off a company I'm very like entrepreneurial, but I can I can sit down with anyone and have a conversation, I'm friends with like some of the biggest business people that there are in, like the space and I basically just started hustling and finding investors and doing like the whole startup route right like starting a company from ground zero and based I, told them. I was like yo I'm going to take. These people grow them like crazy and then from that we're going to have content, we're going to work with brands. We're gonna, you know, sell products, merchandise we're going to you know, have videos on YouTube blah blah blah, and then it took up a ton of my time. There was like a six months there where I was starting team. Ten work, I wasn't making like any content, but I knew that in the long run, I was going to create an empire versus like just being that I feel like that's come to fruition. Now, after all, the work you put in 100% because I like the example I use is like people are like Oh, Logan past you and I'm like no, no I I'm, the owner of like over 80 million followers online. So he really didn't and like Logan has to keep on blogging like I, get stopped blogging right now and I have 17 other people that are creating content on a day-to-day basis. So on your like brand or whatever yeah under teen times, so you so you are you partners with investors? Basically, this was your idea yeah and you went out to find investors yeah. So what what do you do with the million bucks would like to start team? Ten like what would you do with that money yeah? So it was like hiring employees because it was becoming to a point where, like I, was doing soma right off I needed. Like hire lawyers, you know start the whole businesses I've extensive part of it. Like pays for the team ten house, we had like five and going on that house. No, we rent it. Okay, we rent it. Yes, is that landlord must hate you right now. He loves us. Yeah he's like spray paint. People are writing on the walls. Bro I, don't know he just loves us and like a trip, I, don't know it's. The weirdest thing ever can I ask: what's the rent there, it's like 18 thousand a month, I! Guess that's why I love the um yeah yeah yeah then get you. Can [ __ ] transfer, please yeah Prince level yeah it's expensive, but a big house, though in an expensive, neighborhood, the exactly so but yeah, and then part of part of it is like we're working on like different tech, stuff and different like products that we want to launch, and it's only been like a year of seeing 10. So it's kind of image like crazy this crazy year, yeah how's the business work like what is the model like? What's the business model? Do you guys take a cut from everyone? Who's in, like is yeah like you, take like a management fee or something from people who joined the team yeah so think of it like a record label right, we call ourselves as a social media label, record label finds a young artist. Sometimes there they have zero followers, whatever it is, and they take a percentage of their career in exchange. For you know all this promotion, you know whatever it is like the benefits working with brands relationships. All the set up. You know, there's a lot that that the talent benefits from you market them to he's a long yeah. That's the biggest one I think mm-hmm I want I like my goal is like. Oh, it's like I want to be like dr. Dre, like he had this big audience that he used and he would sign like younger artists and teach them how to make music brand and market them to his audience outcomes. Mmm 50 cent, Snoop Dogg interest to talk, and then he uses that collective to launch beats by dre. So it's almost like I'm doing the same thing, but in social media. So when you're, how many people are in team 10 right now, you're just like 15, so so the 10 is completely the 10 rows per tent. There's 10 digits in a billion dollars. I will get this straight billion all right. There you go so I'm ambitious. But how close are you probably rebellion? Yeah? Ah not close a billions, a whole other League, but people get there yeah and like it's, it's it's hard to get to a billion, but over time, like I know we're gonna get there one day like nothing. Is that your gold- and you want to be a billionaire one of my goals? Yeah I have a lot of goals. I want to be the really ones. I want to be the world's youngest billionaire yeah love. Who is the current yeah want to carry on beagle of snapchat? How old is he 26? Oh my god, you have much time. Dude six years, I mean six years. Look at the feelings. A lot of money died. Yeah! No! But you know this startling. How do you act realistically, get to a billion dollars from where you are I mean you need some crazy, [ __ ] now, so how do you get there? Do you have a business plan yeah what you guys know: 100% brave shark, just based off of like team ten alone and like merchandising and and the relationships that that I have and implement and like investing money into like different startups and real estate and the different tech things that we're working on and nothing is impossible. Oh [, __ ] wait. Why are you at ten mill? Yeah I forgot to check it? Oh okay, we still have some time. Okay, glad we're getting there. You're definitely gonna hit it while you're. Here, that's pretty special. Let's lit I'm, not gonna. Let you leave until I am and you share that yeah I want to hijack that moment from you. Alright, um! No, but but I'm always I'm. All for like I mean look. What's happened in just the past year, like everything I've done done in the past year has 10x. You know it's like what can happen next year and the year after that, and so if I get I, get better and better and I'm doubling or quadrupling what I'm doing every single year yeah in six years. Who knows where it could be when you hit a Billy dude just hit me up, man, I'll, [, __, ], mow, your lawn or some [ __ ] I'll clean your pool or whatever you need man. Alright, my gosh I'm, not flat I'm, not planning on this much longer. For me, that's negative okay, I'm kidding, but seriously, though just hit me up all right. I mean it's your bro. What are you looking for when people join team? Ten, like is how many people are you always accepting applicants. You have 15. Ah, it's let you limit it. Yeah I think it's limited I think the biggest thing is when you find someone great you bring them in yeah more so that and it's like, and it's like we're family like there any more there any time where you're, like man, I everyone, [, __, ] hates for this guy. That was a huge mistake. I mean those are the people who aren't in it anymore. Oh right, yeah. You guys kick people out how many people have you kicked out ah to [ __ ], those guys right, I'm, not saying yeah yeah they can yeah, they can do whatever they want. Obviously, like I mean I won't even get into yeah. That's where I'll even have a relative. What they call you irrelevant. No, no, nothing! I! Just okay! Everybody leave here, but no well, whoever they are. They probably didn't choke out a girl. So it's T, oh [, __ ]. What I didn't know we're talking about it. So let me see you. You live in the team, townhouse full-time, yeah yeah! You don't have a second house, were you like I, don't want everybody waiting for me in my house. You have the master bedroom right, yeah, it just filled with merch I. Do know why cuz do we have so much Martians. We just put the racks in and then everyone takes it everyday and just where is it? Let me shoot at people and throw it out to fans. Oh you're, actually you're, not selling the merchandise you just like suck it exactly. We look anything goes like sometimes sometimes I'll, just take like a trunk full of merch and just hand out to fans that, like randomly into the streets that merge situation, has bananas who sells more merch you or your brother, cuz I, know I, know. Logan has an insane merge, operation, -, yeah, it's um, I I, know I do well. You have a whole I guess you have a lot more people right selling it well. Just just me and Logan individual I know I do. But it's it's like some days. It's back and forth, but overall and I've been selling it like a month or two longer than him. So overall I know I've sold more and we talked about it sometimes, but we're basically only like heads a head like every single day. Whoo, it's crazy. It's going to be interesting. Have your brother as your like biggest competitor? Do you consider him a competitor I can I mean as far as like YouTube is concerned, like I, don't mean like this to sound cocky yeah, like he's, like my only competitor, it's like it's like one - and who's through three. You know what I mean. What is it about him? That makes him your competitor. You mean like fast growing vlogger, or you mean PewDiePie everybody nobody's on your level. I would just say like innovating the game, not not even the numbers wise like right, but creating content on a day-to-day basis, because that's the new that's a new way of YouTube. You have to do everyday, bro, yeah, exactly obviously, and on it, so people who create content every single day that narrows it down to a small bucket driven people in there who are going viral like more than five million views a day. There's there's really no there's not that many um and so that that's what I mean and I think I think. Another thing on top of that, too, is like I. Think it's gotten to a point where it like has become mainstream like what we're doing, because there's a fad like how fast you've grown um, and so it's just like a whole nother level like moms will come up to me and, like dads will be like my kid watches you every single day, I bought him the merch I bought like they know of me. Because of that, do you think it's sustainable? The household is, I I've been mean Gila, try doing daily videos for like a month like a couple years ago, and it was the worst month of like our lives where I was miserable, yeah and everyone I know who does daily videos hates it. Yeah and I know you're juggling sewing things. I want you're, making daily visits sustainable like how do you feel actually about it, 100% sustainable? Really, for how long do you see yourself doing everyday videos, I? Think it's until I there's a reason business-wise that I can meaning if I like get a big movie role and if you can't film on set. So that's the only thing that would stop me, but you. So if you've got a big movie role, you would still daily vlog just not when you're on set and then maybe you have to skip a day, though you're saying or you stop completely no I would still try to I. Try to I would put I wouldn't try to do anything. I would do like what is good content for people to watch like if I could film a vlog still in a day while I was on set shooting a movie and it's a good piece of content that I'm happy with and I'm going to put it out. But it's not good, then I'm, not I'm, not going to put it out I got to, but something, but if the movie set would let me film on set then it'd be easy, like I did it on Disney literally people don't realize that like I was there 8:00 a.m. and left at 5:00 p.m. every day, like for the majority of my holder, like past 300, something days of vlogging and so I'd get home at 5:00 and be like? Let's go like turn it on, so we have lamb yeah. Oh sorry, good! No! It's almost to a point where it's like I want more because, like I I, don't know I, just like you want to make more yeah [ __ ] go to video. Today, markiplier doesn't yeah, but those are gaming videos. So it's like game and then post mmm does that make sense. Yeah yeah, it's like I mean yeah. You just got so anyway. Chris just walked in from KTLA. Have you spoken to him since the incident? No, not at all cool. It's gonna be a good yeah. So chris is here we're going to take another short break. To say what up to Chris and get all situated hang back for another short two minutes and we are coming back with two legends that we're going to dab on the halos and yeah. Stick around guys, we'll be back in two minutes: welcome back everybody to the H Street podcast here with Jake Paul II, local owners and our new guests who just sat down with us Chris wolf of ktla, who they wrote. The original story with Jake was gracious enough to join us today and have a little I, say intervention, but that's a joke. It's not right or wrong. It's more of a rendezvous, but you have you had something first, that you wanted to uh yes share with us. Yes, there are a lot of requests. The boss audience yeah they're great you know it was enlightening. Is what to mean you know that I yeah I wasn't on that. I was ruined around oh, you did okay I! Do it first? Okay, but you know, I had a blanket, but a lot of the story with the cameraman on my shoe saying: I, don't think you, like my shoes, I'm, not you edited it perfectly I. Was that dramatic hand to your face? I guess you didn't like my shoes, so good. Well, thanks for joining us here today, thanks for having me essentially, you know we're here to talk about the neighbor situation with teams and that surrounded that initial reporting you made the neighbors aren't here, but I guess you're familiar with a lot of them. You know about the situation there, so you kind of representing them a little bit in this conversation, so I suppose. My first question is like how did you you know, get involved in this story? Interestingly, it's not like people called me up and said you got to put this on TV. Oh my god, a lot of times. That's that's what we get you've got to do this story. You got to cover the story. You got to put it on TV and we don't take anything lightly. We we consider every story very carefully. It's usually consensus with our bosses, but and coworkers, and and it's sitting around a table and discussing sitting around a table and discussing the whole issue. I was originally approached by will just say, someone close to the story, a person or persons in the neighborhood. They simply wanted me to be a moderator at the meeting between the neighbors and the city officials, okay, so hold on. Let me stop you right there. So there was a city town hall meeting dedicated about the team. Ten chaos did you know that yeah we did. We tried to attend it, my god were you going to blog it? No, no we're just wanting to see like what people were doing what what was going on. We want to be involved in drama too, so that we could help fix the situation right, but I, don't we couldn't find out like the info on? It is Jake, okay, so, and so you migrated, they even kept a lot of it secret. For me, too, because once I did the story, no I did not moderate what happened was while I was interested and the reason is. Journalists are always used as moderators for debate in residential today. Well, I guess, yeah I, guess, I didn't know the presidential debates debates town hall meetings. They typically used journalists as moderators. So that's why they approached me. I knew of my work and I was approached to do that while I was interested. I said now explain to me, though, the reason for this meeting this forum- and they told me about the situation in the neighborhood and I said well. This sounds like a news story. I think it's a valid news story and I would like to cover it and talk to all the parties involved. You, the neighbors. Anyone that wants to talk to me I, want to hear what you have to say and I felt. It was a good story. So, a few days later, I pitched it to my supervisors at KTLA and they agreed. They said it's a really good story. Go get your photographer! Get your news van go out to the neighborhood. We did that Monday in mid-july. I had no idea. What to expect. I really did. I was not too familiar with you. But interestingly, when I looked you up, I remembered that you had been on the morning, show yeah and turns out. You had been on our morning show in June 2016 about a year earlier, promoting something so I. Remember that I was like you know, and and in all fairness and I said that in my story, I said: we've had Jake on as a guest on our morning. Show and I. Don't know what you were promoting, maybe YouTube or Disney, Buzard bark or something yeah I think I was I, think is new at that yeah, and so you know, I went there. I went to the neighborhood. I did approach a lot of the neighbors. They did say they were very upset of the situation, but the vast majority did not want to go on camera. Maybe they were concerned about repercussions or retaliation. How many? How many neighbors did you speak to? Because how many neighbors do you have immediately a lot? Okay, yeah I? Basically, I was going door-to-door. I was feeling hey, I was walking to a lot of the neighbors came out because they saw the news van there. They would just come out and I would say: hey we're doing a story. Do you want to talk? They would tell me how they felt, but they would say we're not going on camera yeah, which makes sense right so most of the people or all the people. You talked to had a problem with the teen town. Yes, we go one honestly, no one said: oh, we don't have it, because I would have used that if one neighborhood read we really the kids get Jake is getting a bad rap. I, don't think he's a bad neighbor. I would have used that too I'm there to collect everything. I prayed, because when I is when I talk to them, I went door to door as well, yeah and like for three or four of them or like no like I hate. You then let I would go and talk to you. I started off my conversations by Mosin, hey we're here. We want to make things better and, like that's our start, a conversation and a lot of them were like no do like you're fine, like it's all good I'm, not that mad like yeah. This has happened. It has happen but like well, I understand where you're coming from so so you see that's the whole thing that yeah I want I've just pulling that up for you well everybody's doing it me money where they unsub, when you're about to hit it they're doing a Mima on me. Well, yeah like when you're about to hit a big milestone, people unsubscribe just to [ __ ] with you, nice people and Jen, because it keeps going up and down oh you'll, get there. Hopefully career and noggin is really interesting. So you talk to all your neighbors and fifty percent said. I have no problem with you and then that's that's weird, while the I wonder if they just didn't want to confront you about it, yeah maybe I mean maybe they're just like get out the way from me, but yeah and I think. The thing is that a lot of them like are saying that they have a problem with me when the problem is the fans outside that was causing all the problems: the safety, the traffic, so noise for chanting right there [ __ ], because they believe you, though, for bringing that exhibitor, because I think because of those things they think I put the address on there. They think that I invite them there. When I act, an actuality, I've tweeted, don't come a vlog, don't come there. Was that one incident where you like, recorded them and accuse someone of like taking the bolts out? But let's touch on that later because I want you, I want to continue where you left dr., so a lot of them did not want to go on camera. They just said we really are upset with him in the situation here and the whole. You know team 10 house, but we don't want to go on camera, so they did even I believe right next door to you, Jake, there's an elderly couple. They I knocked on their door. They had like the outer wrought iron door open with the well closed, but then the main door, open and I could see them sitting in their living room and I knocked I said hello. I'm crystal from channel 5 I'd like to talk to you and they said no. Thank you. We really don't want to talk, but thank you and politely declined, and that was pretty much what I got and one man did go on camera, but did not want his name or face release. Well, we just I used a short clip from him his voice when he said we're neighbors and were fed up. That was one clip that I use from him, and then I made tall the woman in the air. It was the only neighbor. Yes, I'm sorry to tell you all, not really there jake was asking to grab his camera nation right about local Nathan, which is kind of a big mind, big, so I'm YouTube I need my diamond I can never deny that request. As a youtuber, myself, I, don't know, you're going to hit 10 million is that it just all luxurious networks have gone up and down like thousands in this brief moment. Well, when it does I guess you can just close the door and hang until it so anyway, you can I think I think we're going to be here all day, so I think it damn may call the only one that would go on camera. The who was in the initial story that said I feel like it's a war zone, we're families, we just want a peaceful quiet street right. She was the only one I could find that was willing to go on camera. So of course, okay, I use that so did it suppress it. It's kind of I think Jake fugly about hit it. Oh there. Oh that looks good. It's gonna go so it's gonna jump back down. I want of law with it. Are you good? Don't you clean Excel? Oh my gosh, oh so convenient they have a giant monitor to celebrate. Oh thank you guys, yeah! Thank you. So much I got a solid right over there. Yeah. Well, good, congratulations! Man! Thank you. All right we can find is written in the course take. Take the one similar to as I've said, love or hate you or think you're. Okay, yeah appreciate the hustle. You earned that 10 million for sure. Thank you. Congrats dude graduate that so YouTube where's my plaque, yeah I need it. You'll get it in a year. They think it's a joke in frost, because you going back under no, oh, no you're, kinda like it now: okay, good, yes, okay, yeah, you're, good! Thank you dude! So anyway, oh my god did I'm gonna move all right. No, no! No! Don't go back. Everything is oh! It's that bigger, okay, I can't see it. We can go in the room where we will revisit at then see where yeah. So, were you surprised when, when Chris rolled up with his van and with this whole story about how the neighbors are all upset- and you would talk to them before after Chris before I- was a conversation with them for a while come on just like just like face to face stuff, though like they would like, and it was always them like saying something to me or like coming over and knocking on the door and being like yo, you can't do this err or so that's how you knew that there was some beef to be go because they were coming over and telling you to keep it down. Yeah, exactly, never, call the police all the time, okay yeah! That was like their go-to thing. So were you surprised when, when Chris rolled up in his van well I I didn't know, we didn't know what you want to talk about right, I, think, I! Think the only thing you said to someone was they want to talk to you, what the neighbors yeah and so someone came into the house and was like yo Jake KTLA's outside they want to talk to you about the neighbors and so I was like. Oh, this would be fun. You know what's interesting at first the female security guard who is out front, she went in and she came back out. She said they're not going to talk, that's what I heard and I said okay. Well, then we tried right and honestly that's what I thought. So we went back toward the front of the house with the fans and within five minutes. That's when you ran out and I was like okay I guess he is going to tell her we go here. We got to go there, we go. What were you thinking when you saw Jake climb over the band like a maniac? Were you like? This is some good footage? Yeah, oh yeah I mean I was surprised and you know we don't recommend that and shouldn't it's dangerous. You had a lot of equipment up there and you're going to put it around your neck climb climb. Well, I, you know what maybe want you wanted me to climb: no yeah and no good TV. You like don't do in your mind, I know, but you know I, don't I, don't yet know and believe me, there have been situations where a lot of the protests in the streets that we've covered in downtown LA near City Hall, where people jump on the vampers start not the first time, and that is a frightening situation. But oh yeah I mean that that is definitely scary and are they're trying to vandalize the vans, smash the vans or put graffiti on the vans. That's that's a very, very dangerous situation, but you know you were up there. I thought you were just doing. You know it's interesting. Some people said we can't believe he was disrespecting your job like that and I said I. Don't think honestly, I said I, don't think he's disrespecting my job as much as he's doing his own, which is to you know, be sort of outrageous and whatever they jump up on a news van and well, that's I've said early to come down and you did you got down yeah. Well, that's I said earlier like. If someone doesn't know me they're like this, kid is the worst, but like anyone who like it was a Treiber they're like this is the funniest thing I've ever seen like only he would do this. So did you guys expect the cover? The coverage of this story was insane. Never I have a list like in DES and locally. It was covered everywhere, but an international you've got the Daily Mail. He went well New York, Times, Vanity, Fair, cosmopolitan and I mean I saw like Seth Rogen tweeting about it. Did you see that [ __ ] yeah he's not happy with you? Seth Rogen was going in hard yeah I mean I mean the biggest thing like people were hitting out there like bro Seth Rogen, just tweeted about you right, I like dude. What are you gonna do and I don't know like dude? Are you worried and I was like dude who made Seth Rogen Seth Rogen, who made the rock the rock who made Kevin Hart Kevin Hart like no one makes anyone so I think his tweet was like I'm, not gonna, have any part in helping him become a movie star. I was like dude, you have no say over that right. Ah, like you made yourself I'm, making myself like yeah if you're a producer on a movie, you could be like screw this kid, but, like he's not going to be like that, like I mean he's going to see the you don't see, the light in like Who I am further down the line. I'm gonna have to prove it to anyone like I'll. Have a battle now against, like blue, hey, Jay Paul, but obviously was like I mean it was like a stunt and like that's, who I really am well. What was your oppression after you came out and you finished you were done filming and you're in the van going back to the station or whatever. What were you thinking after you got that footage to do? Have any expectation like damn? This is cool, oh I knew yeah, I know it was TV gold I mean I, knew it was a great story and, and I was glad that I got all the parties and I could talk to Jake and say look. This is what the neighbors are saying. What is your response and I got his answers to my questions and I got the neighbors reaction, so I felt there was a solid, complete story when I knew it was TV gold, but I never expect I. Don't think anyone expected it to go viral boys and within a couple hours I think we were on the front page of The, Daily Mail and in London in Europe and then the next morning someone said: oh, my god Chris they pulled it up on their desktop and there it is front page of The Daily Mail. That's when I knew I was like. Oh this is this is going viral uh? What do you think about Jake afterwards, because he was putting on an act and a stunt like he was? What are those look? What do you think about Jake and you left I, didn't think and I don't think you're a bad person, I really don't never did I mean I've dealt with the best of society. I've dealt with the worst of society, convicted killers on death row in Florida, on stark Florida, so I know what evil and bad is so I. Never thought that that you, you were that I just thought you I guess: I felt that the situation in the neighborhood is very difficult and- and you know a lot of the neighbors simply feel that their sanctuary, their home, their homes have been violated with this presence and these fans and there's noise and everything else and and I just and I person as a journalist but as a person. First and foremost, I I wish the best for everyone. You know I think you're, you're, a brilliant entrepreneur and you're brilliant of branding and like selling yourself and more power to you for that, and this is the land of the American dream and you're following and building yours and all of us hopefully are yeah and same um, but I think there's got to be a good resolution and I would hope that everyone can live peacefully. The neighbors get their unity back and peaceful, and you can do what you want to do and you seem to be of the state of mind of like well, we tell our neighbors not to come. That's we're in the house are sorry. We tell our fans not to come we're respectful in our house and our property. What can what can we do? Right did I summarize your yeah and I think the answer to it and not I've like met with the neighbor one neighbor who's like you, know, teen up like their whole meetings and stuff like that, and we talked about it like for a good 45 minutes and the only solution to it is for us to move. That's really it fans are gonna. Listen when I tell them not to come right, they're going to come here, the cats out of the bag, so exactly Jake Paul is the strongest family out there set on the interview. I'll say it again: Deb he's gonna, see I'm saying that so it's like they're going to come, they're going to come so dabbing like a solution, -. No, it's not! Unfortunately. Sadly some things can't be resolved by doing yeah, so you guys are actively looking to move, though well, we've tried to move even before you guys came yeah I can imagine people to want to let you move into their house. That's a problem. We're dealing feel like who are you like, you're, the guy in the news yeah, it's nothing like an alias even before that we have to. We had to go through an alias like someone else's name that, like isn't affiliated with us, but like it's still going to live there, they can be pretty go in there like wait, who's living in my house, I, don't think so because in our new house, like you mentioned earlier, like we're not going to show our address, we're not yeah yeah, oh yeah, we're going to be so careful and buttoned up like we learned our lesson so yeah and I want to apologize too, like if I was being disrespectful at all, like I, didn't mean to - like dis, your shoes, but it was like in the human gut saying it's. Okay, my shoes have a bigger fan base. Now yeah we're cool of your Twitter, though it's good, don't know. What's it, no, my good really we're beating into it. - Yama, savage yeah, you were excellent, I was active on it, yeah and, and- and some of it may be to my detriment. I mean I got some blowback, some even some co-workers, I. Think really, although they didn't say to my face, I heard that they were not happy what we outlined with how I how involved I was and felt I was being unprofessional right, maybe to a degree. I was but I know, I wanted to be engaged and it was in terms of reach and impact. Probably the biggest story of my career, which I never expected and I was ill. Just I mean I, don't know it was a good bad. We've got the most viewers we've ever had. By far. We have 68 thousand people watching right now, which is by flight Emoto. There's some [ __ ] weird thing: do you just pull in the number of numbers like it's undeniable, when I sum puts Jake Paul in the [ __ ] video they get double of you know. How do you explore? Do you think about that? I think it's great I think it's also a problem, because it's like it because they're like situations like this, like if I, do one thing, bad everything, because because well and again, I'm not a cocky person, but like we, my brother and I, we are at the top, and people want to see us fail who want to join us down. If you want to make stuff up about us and they want to shine the bad light on us, because at the bottom line and it's crazy, like people don't like to see, other people succeed like unless they're genuinely good people but I feel like the majority of even like the internet and like people out there just like they don't want to see other people succeed. Does it feel good, though, in a way where you're like I can always pull the numbers? Even when people are hating on me, it's yeah I mean it's cool. It's cool right, just relevant. It's yeah, it's relevancy, but to me I, don't want the numbers to be there for the wrong reason. I think. Sometimes they are because a lot of them are are people who hate on me which sucks because, like I, don't want anyone to hate me? Does it get to you the other amount of hate you get? No, no, not at all, because I like I said: hey all publicity is good. Publicity I think we were talking about it earlier, like because of that news story and like how viral it's got and now like anything I, do will get depressed from good to bad, so I think it's helped me cross that bridge in the traditional more and it there are some things on like damn that sucks that people are saying this and like I, don't want. You know people to think of me this way and that's sort of what I care about, but I don't care about like what people say. Necessarily if that makes sense. Why is it deep that you think that people have this like aversion to like they that people have this general like they want to hate you so badly I think it was a snowball effect kind of you think it started with vs. reporter I guess I was it's everyday right yeah? That was the first, you can I do it. What do you think about that? It's interesting right is that so what would most hates right or dislikes? What was the one like? The seventh most disliked video I mean that's accomplished. It is and and what I say is like a look at this number. Two is Justin Bieber I'll be Justin Bieber every day of the week, I'm not saying I am or as as talented as him, but like. If we're you know, it's someone like him when he was younger, took all that hatred and turned it in the biggest he's. The biggest star I mean people, respect Justin, Bieber. Now exactly it's much like oh [, __ ] that kid lucky you, but he used to write and yeah. He was involved in some issues with the neighbors. Remember well, yeah yeah, oh yeah, we covered usually ground number Lilly. He I heard the neighbors were saying he was racing, his sports car I, don't know if you had a re or what he was racing, a sports car in the neighborhood. They were saying you can't do this. We have small children running around and I heard he got into a fight with one of it, I think a next door neighbor and it was really nasty and it got physical and lucky. There were issues in the reason. Well, that's and that's what I've liked honestly I feel like I've learned. So much and I have such a different respect for, like just entertainment in general and like I've, tried to grow from this situation, which I think was what Justin did is like. I can only learn from these dumb things and, like I, said it's a snowball effect. It was like it's every day, bro than the news thing, and then you know like the post Malone thing, and it was all this stuff that added up where people like kept on getting strong and Jonah turned into a meme kind of just to like hate on Jake ball. It is a thing. Italy is a thing it's like if I tweet, something like I got a puppy and I tweeted about it, and someone, like quote tweet saying, goes like I'm. So sorry for you puppy and I'm, like does that bother you no I'm, just like dude, like you, you are you that starving for content right nowadays like get a better tweet like right, like you, don't need to drag other people down to build your tower higher. Does it bother you that everybody on YouTube is making Jake Paul videos and still are kind of because it's like that's all like Louie I, think keemstar was like past 20 videos. A definition in the title is basically [. __ ] star, yes, he's basically at Jake Paul 3 at this point, yeah yeah, which, like that's what he says he talks about. What's relevant right, yeah so anyway, he's just it's the nature. What I don't like is how they're using me to get their videos on there like more viewed and then they like try to drag you down. It's like and a lot of times, they're, not telling the truth about, like my side historian, and only only like the people actually evolved will ever know what actually happens and there's a lot of like fake news and stuff out there and like yeah. Let's, let's talk about the lawsuit I know that there was I, don't know if it's real I don't know if it's a rumor, but everybody's heard that the neighbors are mounting a lawsuit against Jake and I'm sure you're you're involved in that right. Welcome well, they've been telling us yeah and they've been saying right now from what I'm hearing you are, you know pulling back you're trying to make an effort to make the situation more livable and peaceful in the neighborhood, so they're holding back on the lawsuit, but that yeah. So what we're not ready to to take any action right now, because they are seeing a change and hope they want to continue to see. You know, improvements I think they would like you to take from what I'm hearing a bigger stand to tell the fans. Although again we don't know how successful that may be yeah, but they'd like for you to take a bigger stand to say to the fans: do not come here. You know to try to discourage them from coming. It's actually been better because school just started. Did this video I, don't mean to like I said this because from our this pictures from yesterday dude look at this holy cow they're right across the street, I mean all they're, not all in the street. Yeah yeah and God knows. What's on this side, wait didn't you paint over that graffiti on your garage door or no well. Yesterday, yeah I mean yes your the day before. Okay, like in preparation for this, for this conversation, okay, this is very so like is how can you take a more strong stand against your fans who are populating outside your house? It's a tricky, it's a tricky thing because it's like I love my fans so much. They are who that they're. The reason why I'm at we're on that and like they're so loyal to me and a lot of the ones that come to the house are like the most loyal ones and so I've in a nice, we're told not to come, but I can't be like in their face about it, because I don't want them to ever feel like, but surely there's a polite way to be, like guys, I appreciate you coming but you're getting me in trouble like in a vlog or put a sign out and be like. Please like every shade that you want to come. Show me love, but you can't come so it's crazy because my brother got evicted from his apartment, because people were going to the parking garage across the street and chanting his name across there across the street, and he made a video he's like dude I'm about to get evicted. They warned me they warned me I'm about to get evicted. Please do not come I'm begging! You like I love. You guys. He made this video and still done that Gator show up and start chanting his name whatever it is yeah like I. Couldn't you could you have guards outside? He says: don't everybody go away yeah. We have a full-time security, but it clearly it's not very effective. Well, we can't tell them to get off the sidewalk Rob. What what is it? What are the neighbors think Jake should be doing. That's a good question um. What do you think can be done? I mean I, don't know I honestly. My feeling is it's probably too late with the fan issue, because the address is out there and it just it's too late. I really don't see any effective resolution to that. If you tell people, please don't come they're still going to come. I like I, said: I talked to a neighbor about it. Even much like the loss to stuff and like the only thing we can do is move I know so we're working on trying to go fair enough yeah. What was the lawsuit for by the way public nuisance public in this public nuisance and I? Don't know all the details of what major public news an estranged on that is what they were saying. It's a public nuisance lawsuit. Take it from me, you don't want to be sued. Oh yeah, you guys have been sued yeah for copyright infringement, but it's been going on at a year and a half, oh, it's been a nightmare. Dude tears have to go to court and stuff. We already. We already talked about our depositions and stuff, but we don't have a court date, but we're just waiting for the judges. It's a nightmare dude, so just get avoid that [, __, ] and I'm sure the neighbors don't want to be involved. Yeah. There are lots right, nobody yeah, it was so expensive. Definitely and it's time-consuming and it's uncomfortable. So you know I, think they're saying if we feel like we have no other recourse we're going to do this, but I, don't think anyone really one! You have to take it a level good I know life's too short negativity yeah. So is there anything that neighbors want to say to Jake or to the world or something that you guys want to say I mean again I'm, you know I'm, not what I hope you understand. I'm, not you know you're, not either I'm a messenger. You know I'm, not here with the neighbors going Oh Jake get out, you know, I am I'm a messenger. You know I'm a journalist now I document things and I bring all sides to the table and that's what I really try to do always each and every day and and I think the neighbors are saying they're, just they still they're, not sure what the ultimate solution will be. Yeah, probably like you said, just been relocating and and maybe being in an area remote enough that you can do what you want to do your stunts or even greet fans on your property. If that's what you choose to do so long as it doesn't impact the neighbors, your neighbor in yeah. Okay, do you think that's just curing about your nose, yeah I think that's! The only solution is moving far away and not showing our address and an undo a property. That's big enough! Swegen yeah! You need a property with walls, exactly yeah like a whole wall, yeah. Yes, so all right! Good luck with that expensive I saw a blog. You were looking at like our new place like teaser. Were you really considering that place because it was like that would look like a fifty million dollar plus house? Oh no, that was out a quickly. Okay, good yeah guys lose weight right leg right, you know, yeah, you didn't break click bait and the I guess not you're right, not click Yeah right! That is, whenever I put you to sleep, a it's not closely for night, but about me too open-ended. Okay, and sometimes it's not click me and I. Don't put knowledge weekly, so you just watch everything every day. Just do it through that through all right. Well, I have a question for Jake we're going to see your career going. I mean what do you want to do in 10 years yeah? It's a good question: I, see myself being like 50% social media and 50% traditional, so I want to be well. I am writing movies, I wrote a movie acting in TV, shows movies, auditioning and building up that side of myself as well on the social side, continuing to create my own original content and growing that and pushing products to that and pushing my own kind of businesses through that and like yeah, like I, mean I, am an entrepreneur. I have team 10 I, invest we're working on a couple of tech, things and so I see like the celebrity side of me growing all of those businesses, and it kind of being this like ecosystem of things, that that feed off of each other as goals to be a billionaire yeah want to be real. Speaking about earlier wondering 10 to 10 is potatoes computer, so they'll take care of all of us when we're there yeah, you won't forgive or more of those shoes grow. Well. I I really appreciate you coming. We had some laughs and gaffes got a little serious had some moments, but we was developed. We worked it out, feels great yeah. It was good and I. You know, I think it's tough I, think it's cool I think it shows a lot of character that you came here and confronted all this stuff. So thank you. I want to acknowledge that appreciate that and congratulations on 10 million has Congrats the girls really thank you so much Chris Wolfe. Thank you leg showing but cut again. Thanks to you about this. It was my pleasure really I'm thrilled to be a part of this yeah I'm, very happy, good discussion. How was a now I know I'm wrapping it up, but like how has this been for your career? This whole story? It brought me to a new level with social media. Really I mean that I had not seen before it was unexpected and unbelievable people from your world generally don't have not engaged mouths. No, he didn't know we were trying to, but this really just took it over the top. My deals got you all right party, Lana, all right, I think we got something hold on your pants. No good! Are you auditioning, because this story brought me to your audience in social media and all of you and it brought you to my audience and more mainstream traditional media right, and it really was like a crossover that you guys collabed, essentially yeah and there was a net positive, is what he's trying to say: yeah, yeah cool yeah. It's been really interesting, awesome, yeah, well, I think you, both I, think you're. Both very great people, I think really coming out here. Thank you, Mike was so uh. Thank you guys, thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed that yeah. Just really appreciate all you guys and both you guys and stay tuned, we'll be back on Tuesday for our top of the week we're starting to do podcast on Tuesday now's when you're doing it twice a week. You can find it here on YouTube as a treat podcast channel. Thank you guys. Take you to a sponsors. Big they would subscribe, will switch bride. That's it see you guys next time, goodbye.