Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast love every Friday, except today, which is Wednesday history productions. Today's episode is sponsored by me: Andy's movement, naturebox and Dollar Shave Club. Thank you to them. Next week we have a philip defranco on at our regular scheduled at time and we're gonna put a threat up, as we usually do give questions for us asking today's guest is a close. Dear friend of mine, he's uh I gotta I really got to thank this guy for helping us so much when we were coming up dude. Did it yourself genuinely one of the greatest boons we had coming on thanks dude I think it made such a difference for us. You hired ela. You brought us out to New York when we were like nobodies sounds weird as hell, but you know I know everyone. Alright, no yeah and you've just you've always been an incredibly generous and gracious friend to us. Thanks Dan I, genuinely love. This guy I know I. It's been too long. Now that I am officially, you know, guest number, eight, six hundred thousand and five just kidding no dude. You guys did it yourselves. I saw can I just say now that was too much I, don't know if I can accept. No, it's not it's not enough. It's not enough and I want to say for the record. You are one of our most requested guests right. I've been looking to this. Looking for this, for a long time meets, have you've been hard to get a hold. Okay. It's not just my phone I'm just kidding all right, I'm, your New York guy. You have [ __, ] panic attacks. Every time you come in, you start every conversation was like hey. Do you have? Do you hate LA? Oh, that's been a while Bob. Do this city look I, don't trust the city unless I can see its air okay, unless you can see its air yeah? No, but but is it wait? Well, New York's, not exactly the cleanest place in the world. Are you telling me trash bags on the side of the street with with maggots? It's logging into into the rivers of the streets is not clean, also I, just like saying as a clam by the way. Yes, it's also dirty. You can't see the air here, though malaria no but I was gonna, say as a qualifier to that I was there for it's funny, because when I look back on a lot of this, like especially like the vapenation video, which is just bring you up beyond any because I remember the the day that you went to film it, you texted me, and you said: hey: do you have any ideas for like funny weed gags and you were just like going out there and you guys were hustling every day, I say whatever they want. I was there every day they were just hustling, like you know some new ideas, some new things. It's amazing to watch this meteoric rise thanks. You guys did appear, so you are a huge influence on me like even before, like even before we were friends. You were huge influence on me, Thanks and just being able to spend that year with you in New, York, like in close proximity and be able to be inspired by. You was a huge to be around you like, because we played off each other. It was mutual yeah, it was. It was honestly like in retrospect it was. It was such a great year, a wholesome year for us, like it was only and I think most of our fans think back on that year is like our golden years. Yeah! Well, I! You know, there's always like golden years, when you're doing YouTube and yeah I know what you mean. It was for me too, in a sense, especially just being it was. It was a fun year, but I just it's so funny to see how big that that vapenation meme has become and I just remember you guys just going and doing it. It is great now I'm, so happy seems like you're doing all right. For yourself we got some walls, we got some curds trying. You know we're trying to go hustling, yeah yeah anyway. It's great dad! Thank you, love you too, both! So how is it to be back in LA? Do you hate it as much as I grew up here? So you know that's what pisses me off about la is the traffic. Oh, so we're just making sure it looks and sound okay, but you can keep going yeah. I, can you bring the mic closer yeah thanks, sorry I'm new to this. Now this would these miners, as if you basically have to [ __ ] suck Canyon, all right. It's suck that mic I didn't know. This was part of the equation. Here. Is this close enough? Can you all hear me they're saying there's too much contrast too much contrast? What do these guys, [ __, ] stanley, kubrick's, Cass, goddamn it to professional operation on transit? You got a purple, couch I thought us coming into a real gig, dude, here's it here's a complaint. I'll accept I, can't see too much conscious. Get it too much get what you mean like in the in the levels of color anyway, whatever okay um, why do you hate Ellie? So much I? Don't hate LA, you Harris used to know. I grew up here. You know I, it's just it's it's hot and it's smoggy and there's a lot of traffic and I. Think that got to me over the years. So la is a very really depends where you live yeah, it's like anywhere. Where do you work yeah? Yes, the traffic is enough to drive anyone mad yeah, it does if Gandhi lives in Santa Monica and he works in [ __ ] Burbank he's gonna drop that nuke yeah I used to have a job actually in downtown LA working for an electrical components. Manufacturing company I worked the backend of the servers for the their Joomla system. They used to the backend you're a programmer. No, it's it's I, basically just ran their website very good at it. Anyways and I had to drive an hour and 10 minutes both ways like so two hours, 20 minutes total in traffic I think they just broke me a little bit. I, don't know. Oh yeah, yeah I was enough to break any but I. Don't really it's this Amin, it's like no, but it is like Vietnamese like its water torture, where you're like it's enough to break any man, yeah I. Think honestly I, just really what I like I like full four seasons, and you can't get that out here. That's very true yeah, but I've invite or the street where we lived. There's like a couple of orange, leaves like on the street and I'm like, oh, my god. It's full no right like take my [ __ ], actually sometimes yeah, sometimes I, go back to my hometown and I see there's a little bit of a fall yeah, it's not a bit. It's a muted fall. You see a couple, get your pumpkin spice yeah. What do you like about New York cuz? You are a very genuine New York guy people think about you're, a New Yorker New York has an energy unlike anywhere else and I. Think part of it comes from the fact that it's a diseased [ __ ] right, probably you think you have really the the allure of New York is part of the it's. It's um how hard it is to make it there. If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere. There's an allure to the city, but I think the more you live there. You start to be like well, actually, I think it's just coated in in what they tell themselves to make it through the day. Yeah I. Think part of it is just you know, putting yourself through the struggle of making it in New York it's, but you know: I'm older now and I I've moved out to Queens I know for any of you, Manhattanites out there unthinkable getting to that point. When I try to move out, it's fine, big, yes, big for you. We lived in Manhattan, yeah and I felt, like I, only went to Queens a couple times my whole [ __ ] year there I know I got barely left Manhattan and a couple times that went there. I was like this is great yeah. It's all right! Yeah Queens is nice. Where did you go like a story? Uh? Yes, yeah I! Don't even look down I! Look around I! Look like deep Queens. We did a guy I have family there, [ __, ], yeah, well, I'm like in a house. Now it's detached and has no one. Oh, my god, grown-up boy! Now are you still living in town houses but I? Think, like I, wanted to blast honestly, whatever you've really changed. I know: I told you I'm, not the same old Johnny yards now and driveway take care. You yard, yeah, well, Alyssa found things. I'll go and change some tomatoes. We have a basil plant, it's really nice. We have free basil, no seriously. This trips me out when you go to play yeah in church. We had about gardening, it's so it's like a self explains. It's obviously stupid but like I, don't have to go, buy basil I have free baby yeah, we bought it from Jose and we used all the basil from it and then we said let we need to nourish this child badly. We've destroyed him and when he said nourish him, we planted it in a little open patch. This basil plant we bought from Trader Joe's you okay, so you meant Trader Joe's, you just called it Jones yeah. This is LA New, York yeah. We do, but it's not Joe's there. We call it then I'm, like a mess. I'm fine now yeah what they call Trader Joe's in New York is I'd rather [ __, ] it and kill myself. This stand 50 minutes to buy a five pack of tomatoes. You know it's so funny because we always we always were like talking. You know having that we was that nice, not that long I got super fun rows like the line it's longer than any Trader Joe's just want a chocolate bar I wanted to have you been to Joe's in LA? Well, yeah I mean I grew up here, so I see you about goes here. Oh Joe is great. You go to Joe's the parking lots full you look. Man I, can't I have to wait like two minutes to find a parking space. This is so full. You go inside. There's like two people max at the register, like that's full capacity here, you're the Trader Joe's. In that broth side we used to shop I swear to [ __ ] god. You guys would think that there was a famine, and this was the last tomatoes on earth. You shelves are empty he's not joking. There's a there's, a sneaking lion-o! Sometimes out of the bill, do you just to get in there's a new building? There's a guy bro holds a sign that says this is the end of the line. Just so you know it's because you wouldn't believe how long but I have to say there is one thing I will give it credit for is that cashier system runs really quick right. It's fast I got it I got it it's bad I got it bad well, at first, I was like there's no way I'm ever going in there, and eventually we caved and I'm, like you know it's at least half the line. It looks like at that speed, I agree, but there's still something humiliating about saying. There were a bunch of [ __ ], it's like man yeah and then you remember like the rent you're paying in your apartment, you're like what am paying a lot to stay like this long. What do I do? I understand the complaints, but I will say for that time that you lived there. The Upper, West Side is a magical place. Bro I, Love, New York's great walking outside. We were like literally two minutes from Central yeah. You know man, it was underneath our apartment yeah, it was close. It's cool is that what called the bucks? No clucks Ellie's changed? You man did I just grab a couple: I grabbed the bugs gonna head up jealous again. It makes you settle in for the night, it's fun to live that bohemian life for a while. But then you yeah I had to park my car in a garage next to my house and it costs like I'm, not gonna, say you say because I know and I'm fat and I ran. Nobody is gonna. Respect me after they know how much it takes to park. My car, it was eight hundred dollars a month to park. I thought it was fun. I had no choice. I had no choice unless I was to move that thing across the street every like Wednesday or whatever. It is sweeper yeah, I, New, York City. All you need to know is that it costs $800 per month. The park you're [ __ ] paid that parking wasn't even that I, don't even want to use it because it's so far to walk -. No, that was my old parking spot, no, no I'm doing on my street. It was actually next to my townhouse. That's and that's why I just said screw it I'm gonna pay a little bit more because it's [ __ ], you know and I'll tell you I'll tell you the funniest thing about this place. Is you pay that much right and when I called them to get my car every time they'd be like man like? Can you give me like two hours notice, I'm, like just that's all you do didn't they crash your car, once I got I leased a beautiful baby, green Mini Cooper? That was my first car I ever leased, I, never liked it and I was so happy with it. It was brand-new and I did in that in that garage. The one you're talking about the far one and I got a call and I got it's a bit of a problem here and I'm like what do you wanna do some? What do you mean a problem? I come there and they have somehow totaled my car in a parking lot. It was the whole side of the car was completely couldn't open. The door smash and I had to had to go through like a big battle with them and they never ended up paying for it. I just had I remembered that they were an answer, your phone. No, they wouldn't answer my phone cause, I call them hundreds of times and so I just said screw. It I just want my car back, so I paid Geico. The deductible thanks guy go well sorta, that is some of the [ __ ] you dealt with that year would have made me lose my mind. That was close man like um on top of paying some spineless [ __ ], some [ __ ] [, __ ] $800 a month like who even has the balls to ask that it's just the free market goes I, know I'm, kidding I'm kidding, but nobody you paying someone so much money. Just for the simple act of saying here, you goes your car and I know: I can crash it and don't take responsibility. I I, you know, I can get it. I I've come to Zen, not coming peace with that I'm, sorry, bringing it up. It's like in the moment. I remember going there be like you're gonna pay for this car. It's just gotta buy things are just not going to and it's gonna stay broken until I fix it. What did they do? What are you gonna do and they know what are you gonna pay? A lawyer I know that [ __ ] you're gonna end up at least five thousand dollars just to write him a letter. We were there. Do you know, do you know what ended up happening? They resented me after a while, like every time I come to. They give me like this. This side stare and I'm like you broke, my car wouldn't fix it. Why you mad at me so I moved. That's that's one of the main reasons. I moved it to be here, an Eiffel episode straight up, New York to the second garages credit. They didn't wreck my car in a parking yeah. Somehow, oh, that oh you're gone, you gave him the chance. They didn't ruin it. Oh yeah I was actually that one for a while, but now I'm out in Queens and I have a driveway. That's a great development. I'm! Really happy about that for you. So let me ask you about the D monetization [ __ ], going on YouTube is like yeah. The talk of the town, yeah I, don't want to like beat a dead horse. I think everyone know I'm scary about but I'm curious. If it's affected you funny thing. I've seen you know like I like even like you know, like PewDiePie I've seen had some D monetization is using I. Think have you guy said: oh yo, yeah yeah I've never been hit by one I'm, like the only seriously green, oh I've, never been hit by one but I said is pretty incredible and I and I've been trying to speak out in as best I can retweeting like you guys. Well, it's hard to care one like no really I really do care I! Think it's terrible thing. They've done but like I I've been trying I think it's all that close to you, both sorry yeah I'm. Sorry, this thing's, like it's, got all kinds of moving projects like that cradle it. The thing is: I just want you to be comfortable, yeah, I'm, sorry, I, just I'm, not you feel free to like get weird with it like you can bring it with you like Danny same time, but dance for your enjoyment. Okay, so um! So basically what I'm yeah! No no I cared a lot about it. The the only thing is I mean I, didn't I, just wanna make a video about because everybody else was you guys handled it. Well enough. I don't need my opinion on it. So, but you know I was trying to get the word out there, but no just it it didn't hit me I thought it was really interesting. I thought it was ridiculous. What what they were doing with that, because the thing the thing about YouTube that that really I know it, like you, said speeding a dead horse that really pisses me off. Is they don't tell us what to avoid right? Right, they don't give us any sort of warning or anything and like that now they have this manual review system, but I remember there were a couple times where I had explicit, and this is just a whole different issue, but, like I had explicit permission from like a movie company to review their movie, I would and they D monetize my video because of copyright or something and then I go. Do the review thing and I'd be like here's. The proof and they'd be like denied sorry and I'm like? Are you [, __ ] serious? Did you ever contact the company uh? You know I just was like watering. The bridge. I don't have time for this bro, it happens. Yeah yeah, that's I mean I'm, happy that it doesn't affect you that is kind of an encouraging and a way to know that people are getting hit cause. It seems like everyone's just getting bombed on, but maybe it's great as I. Mostly just do Lane I just like do like. What's the last video I did flex tape, turd I'm surprised to hear ducking was family-friendly. I mean your. Your content generally is very, very clean, yeah I. Guess it's clean I like to keep it fun and I. Don't I! Guess I, don't talk about like current events and stuff we've seen like people with very clean content who still get the monetize, it's just god bless. Yeah yeah in the Boogie I saw some apple boogie. If you're watching buddy. What's up uh love, you hey Shh yeah, you don't want yeah, oh the really big dig I'm kidding. That's usually just how you start. Thank you, I love it, but no it's just I love you and I love. You anyways! The the I saw that, like some of the original, like do you member, like the old Boogie videos like the Eric, the Frances, the Frances stay, of course yeah, and that was like getting hit and I was like. Yes, it's classic. You do this. What built YouTube modified? It's like revising histories with yeah yeah, and then there was, this recent add gate with I. Don't know if you saw it, though, did you see that weird I don't know I've? No such it huh Elsa gate? Was it Elsa? It was that weird, like child bro I've, been talking about that for so [ __ ] long, maybe a year since spider-man and Elsa. Now it's like it's been there. I'm kind of I have mixed feelings on that, because I feel like I, gave them. I made 3 videos about that a year ago and I feel like as a result. They were just like [ __ ], this guy talking [ __ ] about YouTube. Do you think I, don't kind of our channel got shown? There's no question about it. Like a year ago, when we were in LA for a moment, our channel got [ __ ] I do remember you guys were like upset about it, it's better! It's better! Now yeah they change. They change some of their policies that are way more fair now and to their credit. But now they're acting like oh, my god. This huge problem about [ __, ] pedophiles on YouTube, who could have possibly known that, but it was even weirder than what was talking about it either. No cuz I feel, like the other. One was just like kids videos aimed or like videos aimed at kids that were weird sexual sexual, but that's different. This was like this was a whole nother level. This was like possible kids, but it's all connected. There was very. There was very sexual videos that we were watching back then of, like you know, [ __, ] women in thongs and, like the cartoon I remember, we watched of spider-man tackling Elsa off a toilet and like raping I. Remember, cuz I, see, show me them. I. Remember, give me your house one time you're like Jon. Would you look at this one where'd? You find that even maybe what that really is, though, that creeped me out those videos I made me honestly, is I feel like nobody there's a lot of great people at YouTube and over the times we've got to know a lot more people from Google and YouTube and they're all having soup. Yes, they're great people, they care and they work hard and I. Think part of the mistake that YouTube makes by being this faceless corporation and being so tight and so like inside baseball. They never tell you what to do ya ever tell you what's going on. They create this. Really deep chasm divide like us. First then, yeah and I know that the people are good people there and they care and they're doing their best. But I feel like somebody very high up, I'm, not gonna, say the specific person names, I, don't wanna start a witch-hunt, but I feel like the person who's in charge of YouTube very, very high up needs to fall on their sword. Oh, whoo, I, don't know what the heck that's, what they needed. Somebody to take a fall like the company and all I said. What do you mean like yeah, you know symbolically for some state they need a [ __ ] change, something: okay, yeah yeah, that's the thing: I, never really don't be taking responsibility or accountability there, I'd I never did see it as personal from them. I just see it like a corporation thing, faceless thing like you said, and but that's not good either. You know what, if it's from their perspective, I can see. They have all these different factions. All these different types of channels and they have to keep them all happy and their advertisers I guess they just start seeing it like one big, amorphous, blob and they're just chipping away at it. You know I completely agree to juggling act, it's a juggling error for them and and I and I'm. Not envious of the position is so important. It's so so hard to manage, but I think they've lost sight. Yeah of what is the whole point of this [ __, ], yeah, I, think I think you could you're right about that. But you know the thing is too about YouTube. Is you know for all the [ __ ] we give the site it's pretty cool, Oh hundred percent you just make you can make whatever you want and you get paid for it. It's awesome, I'll be the first one to admit right now that I give them more [ __ ], then they deserve and less credit than they deserve. It's always how it is, though, right when you want to get something fixed when I guess I'm fixed yeah. You want to talk about the good things. It's easier to complain and get fun fuse and get people riled up than to actually be like congratulate them on doing real stuff, hey. This is just like a personal thing, I'm saying like I've when it comes to the issues you guys have talked about a lot of the issues that they've had over the years, I've kind of been like y'all right, I, know: I'm, sorry, I have [ __ ]. Sorry to interrupt. You know acid reflux. It's like the coffee is brutal. Man anyway, go ahead, say sorry like I've always you know, I've been sort of iffy on, like which things I think, like I thought. Some things were like I. Don't really care about this I can see where they come from to this, but this recent D monetization stuff so stupid, I I, think somebody. Is it fixed? No, it's getting worse. It's getting worse because the ELSA gay [ __ ] you were just talking about, has made it way. Worse and now more advertisers are pulling out they're, making more restrictions. They just banned a bunch of channels and videos and everyone's just getting [ __ ] murdered. Here's the reason I think it's specifically bad, because it just discourages people from making things at all because of that, one of the biggest things that youtubers rely on is when I put in the effort and I put that video out I'm gonna be able to pay my rent right. We don't know anymore, I mean I put in, and everybody knows this and it's a meme I take a long time in between my uploads, because I put a lot of effort in them. If I uploaded one and it just didn't, get monetized yeah, that's my that's it. It's really not I mean that's very real and especially in people like yours case, because there's a lot of youtubers and the platform favors it who just they crank them out, yeah and that's what they're good at and that's what they do. I'm, not criticizing that way of doing it, but it's easier for them to stay afloat, yeah and I. Think what they're doing well you touched on is discouraging content like yours, yeah, unintentional unintentionally, of course, and also like some. You know like. Obviously, there are some tags that are more volatile than others and they're just kind of like making a there I think the best word is sanitizing they're like making it so some people are like well. I could talk about this important thing, but it's gonna get D monetize, so screw it right and we could have had some. Some awesome thing that now this person, this swath of people is just discouraged to do in general. I mean there's a debate is like is D monetizing the same as censorship I mean clearly it's not the same thing, but if there's there's like discouragements that, therefore it's not exactly censorship, but it's, like you know such a strong, deterrent, you're, repressing a certain I'll. Tell you one thing: I always hear this arguments. These super libertarian arguments about like well, you know you can make your own YouTube if you don't like YouTube, but Twitter YouTube Facebook. These are the public square of the modern day right. They should be unfortunate. I know I like this: their utilities uh yeah. They need to be regulated, I kind of agreed that they are utilities, because, if you like, you can say that you could just go talk somewhere else, but where and how are you gonna like that's? That's where all the discourse happens, I, don't know it's complicated, you're right! It's where we're all trying to navigate this unknown territory. It never never at any point of time, has a private company controlled so much discourse. It's just bizarre tech knock twenty technocracy, Socratic, yes, yeah! That's the thing about all these people is they kind of have the the final say on what's acceptable? What's not and- and you could like just go on some other website and talk, but the thing is with the speed of information that travels today. Nobody goes to those I disagree. It's not it's not a it's! Not a feasible thing like oh just go! Make your on youtube! It's like that's, not [, __ ] happening in the next 20 years go make your own raw highways dude. Basically like that is a perfect analogy. Yeah, you know yeah it's a wreck Sam. You know that you're never gonna get like a perfect free market or a perfect social thing. You know you need a little bit of okay, yeah, that's right! I think you got to walk the middle path. Yeah. These companies are so entrenched. It's like we just have to accept, I mean I, don't know, I mean for the most part, they've been relatively responsible, but I think it's just so annoying when, for example, a video can just be not recommended- and you wouldn't know that yes and then, as a creator, you'll get less views and you think the video wasn't good, they don't need you to or the stats or the algorithm, and it's just if there was more information. Things would have just been bad. You know different, but the way it is now is so so discouraging for creators. Well, that's, and, and that's true by the way of Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, they don't tell you, but they manipulate yeah. They do definite the way that your your interaction with the world performs they definitely do and they and they know that it reflects on how you feel, like Facebook, has openly said that they manipulate people, their moods and stuff creepy to me, and what that yeah, it's creepy I [ __ ] hate they're, the worst, the best meme bro Mark Zuckerberg, ur cuz. What I call needing a sandwich with my human relatives? Oh that sweatshirt wearing grimy [ __ ] weirdo dude. What does that guy doing his basements man I know you seen that series of things where he's like out in the world being like I am human too? No, oh, it's so funny! Oh I, summon VR with someone, and it was like the most Awkward day was like okay, we're in Africa. Now pull that video Mark Zuckerberg sampling. His VR is so far. We got oh yeah. We can watch videos anyway, we're gonna take a break. Okay. We will be right back. Thank you guys for watching having a lot of fun a short short break. We will be back soon with your boy jontron. Thank you to me. Undies for sponsoring this episode of a stream podcast, listen, have you ever got underwear for a gift and you're like what did I do to deserve this? You know. Does this person hate me? Well, guess what you can now give underwear as a gift, this Christmas and the person's gonna know you love them, because it's such a terrific pair of underwear, maybe the problem, isn't the person it's the underwear itself. Let me tell you about me: undies, the only underwear that makes for an amazing gift. You look, can you please I'll be showing, while your explicit name of that price is right? Lady, the famous one dan? What's her name, Vanna White yeah, your van you're gonna, be my Vanna White here so much so look at this! It's soft! It's luxurious I mean, oh, my god, I smell my own baba ghanoush, because I have warranties I smell it, but it's not the underwears fault. That's really! My own fault! Dude, I, love wearing me, undies! It is, unlike any other underwear on the market. It's soft, its flexible. It's got four big Fupa boy. Like me, you need those soft, flexible waist bands, because I chafe and even if you're thin, it's even better, because you know you don't have to deal with all this tension. It's three times soft. In the cotton it's natural sustainably sourced fiber capiche me Andes made underwear the perfect gift that everyone's gonna love. It's a goddamn holiday miracle, I love that listen. They wrote in for me to say it's a goddamn holiday miracle. You owe it to them to buy a pair I love their collars and pythons its donuts and mellow colorful. Oh yeah, it's like! Oh and oh. What's that a little purple, enlight hmm people guys see that you're, like your date's gonna, see that and be like. Oh my god. Well [ __ ] extra taste there inside purple am I what else is in those underwear right, hopefully not purple, but tasteful as well. This holiday season guys get 20% off the softest, underwear and socks. You will ever wear free shipping 100% satisfaction guaranteed. This will make a great gift for anyone go to me. Undies comm, slash h3! That's me, undies dot-com, slash h3! Thank you me. Undies! For supporting our show next, we've got movement and the empty. These guys make the best freakin watches at the best frickin prices. You've heard me talk about it, you may have other heard. Other people talk about, and maybe you got one yourself and you love it well now, it's time to finish your holiday shopping and get one for someone that you love and they're. Gonna love you when they get this amazing watch these guys founded this company on the belief that style shouldn't break the bank. Their goal is to change the way consumers think about fashion by offering high-quality minimalist products at a revolutionary price. These guys have sold a million watches in customers in over 160 countries around the world, they've solidified themselves as the world's fastest growing watch company, the most legit, the most reputable ELA show it off wearing yours, but it still looks great matches. Your outfit I mean I'm, I'm awed, it's a great-looking watch man, you throw that on with any outfit and all the sudden it's like boom boom three ratings up on the oh I'd like to [ __ ], you I'll say your five. All the sudden you're an 8/8, a really good rating, say you're, a - like you're hideous and okay you're, a -, all the sudden you're, a five, so somebody's be like they're gonna, see that watch you'd be like mmm I could [ __ ] that guy, you know I'm saying like you know like this. This can do a lot of movement for you move movement, it's in the name guys and that's what they're talking about. Was that planned? No, it's just inspired by how great their watches listen. It starts at just 95 bucks. If you go to a department store you're. Looking at four to five hundred dollars of a watch of equal value. Okay, at such great prices, it's gonna make a wonderful holiday gift as a classic design with quality constructs I want you to head on over what get 15% off today with free shipping and free returns by going to MVM t-dot-com / h3, it's a clean design is gonna, make a great fashion statement, guys step it up, go to MV m t.com, slash h3 for your 15% off, join the movement today. Thank you so much sponsoring us. Let's get back in to your boy: johnny Trani ye welcome back to a street podcast here with Jan Tran! Hmm! Well, if you want to support my endeavors I'll tell you, I got a new merch store and actually there's me there's new stuff coming I'm chillin, this stupid X thing that I always be plugging. You gonna represent calm, /, jontron I! Think that's the link, but it's on represent / aunt. Actually, that should take you there I'm sorry, I never did like merch before really, but I I've just started have fun with it and there's a new one coming up, I think everyone's gonna, like it really will yeah it's coming out, probably next month. So, oh, oh, so we have a whole Lincoln in the chat to your store other linking in the chat. Great, no cool awesome thanks, guys, there's also a callin number. If you guys have any questions for us or John while we're here, there should be a number on the screen call in her a support. Ian he'll be taking their calls and screening it to the best of his ability, make sure to be gentle and sweet with him he's a sweet guy. He does not deserve the abuse he's about to get. That being said, we've got this video of Marc sucker Zuckerberg. Look at board your board Mark Zuckerberg er there it is Mark Zuckerberg tried doing everyday, normal stuff, the internet trolled hard. What are you milking? A cow like get real Mark Zuckerberg doing your average everyday American things. What is he doing like? What are you running for office like? Why would you even care it is inspecting Factory I am yeah, Mark Zuckerberg, inspect Factory, oh wow, you everyday Americans sure are doing what was the context of this. You know some people feel he is like running up to you know to know or someone, oh, no, no, no! No! So they think I, don't I mean I'm, not disagreeing. I, don't want proofs in the pudding. Maybe none of us wanted nobody fun and nobody reads: a cow milk. Unless they're trying to get some. Madam I know right. Nobody has ever voluntarily fed a cow belief of the past. I am Zuckerberg drink of this beef. Milk I have a grab from the sustenance teats. Soon you shall be burgers. It's a meme, but he's not like you here and one time he tweeted that he and it was like a typo son, really yeah. You like typos, that he wasn't actually human Morgan, yeah I, wonder I have to wonder if the singularity has already happened and if eight Mark Zuckerberg Elon Musk art agents of our robot downfall. What? If there's what? If the the singularities inside Mark Zuckerberg is mine, and it is just an AI learning about us, that's what this is bro like it's, not that crazy! Is it yeah, it's a little crazy. You know what every freak like very little freaks me out these days, even like the whole nuclear [ __ ], going on with North Korea, but I say when Elon Musk was like guys. We need to regulate AI, it's gonna kill us I was like scary. You are, must knows we talking about guys. Hear me, tell ya, know, that's good! Here's what Mark had to say about these pictures, it's my first time in Michigan and my first stop was at the. Why are you touring, like you're, he's running I'll, just stop by good state to give my support to the people? I went to Detroit. Nobody goes to Detroit people are out of Detroit I play a very small part in this step and the assembling of a new fort come on. Stop [ __ ] fellating yourself, yeah yeah, but the most interesting part was sitting down with some of the people who do this every day. It isn't a weird. It's very strange that he's doing this, because you know that Mark Zuckerberg EO he's always talking about how he feels like he can know what he wants to do and I don't mean it's a conspiracy theory way. He's literally said like we want to socially engineer people using Facebook algorithms, and it's like dude, weird man I think the problem is he he I gin and I. Don't mean this like derogatory, but I think he has autism, he probably and I. Don't think he understands that saying. I want to socially engineer people or like not look like full-blown autism but like Asperger's, where he doesn't really understand why what he's doing is so creepy yeah. It doesn't seem to really understand that it's creepy it's kind of funny, though it's it's, why it's just it's a combination of like and so far removed from normal life, yeah I think it could be even without Asbury burgers, just yeah just you start something, and then you get so involved in it that you lose reality. Imagine if you were at the top of a pyramid of an entire of a world encompassing social media platform, and by u ticking a box. You changed the course of like discourse or history could get it. That's like too much power is for you too much power he'd to imagine writing this, but the most interesting part was sitting down with some of the people who do this every day it's like bro. Did you not know that I even stood within one foot of the human I'm there I dare not step closer bro. This [ __ ] is weird man. Yeah, it's been my. It's been one of my guilty pleasures the Mark Zuckerberg, but wait you guys find me the one of the VR, because the I don't know if this is it here. Let me let me keep going down here's a video yeah. This has got to be good. Oh, this is 20 minutes long, franki, footages people baggage, so I've been going around to different states for my personal challenge for the year to see how different communities are working across the country sing how people are living about their work and their hopes and challenges. Yes, that's good. He will literally destroy all of us hi I'm just going to sweep oh no, it's the weird part. I guess help some guy out hey. You know, what's weird about this, the way that he's like publicizing it I think that's! That's the just a personal mission, it's one of those things, I! Guess when you're when you're somebody like him you're like well, why not document it, but still just it wouldn't be! It would be, but look at this if it wasn't so weird, though, how can you not understand that this is funny? Yeah I know right plastic like I'm. I am one of you. I know it is because I guess like when you grow up in the city, I can say: I've grown up in in Los Angeles and you know, live in New York and we don't feed cattle milk bottles, normally dictator tucks in a roast beef sandwich. What do you eat? What actually do you eat? I'm, ready to go show like what a regular guy Thank You fellow humans for sustenance. This sandwich is woefully insufficient, yet makes my taste sensors live again. I love about this or a picture of any other human being go to stock photo type man eating sandwich, there's a thousands of them. It's green, like he's doing something good he's pleased with you know it's my favorite robot man meme. What am I gonna show you just together. I know. Probably everyone watching is sick of seeing Elon Musk memes, but you may not have seen it and I'm [ __ ] love itself back off, haters haters will say they're tired of this meme. Alright Elon. This is a called a zipline and humans. They enjoy this. Oh, let me start that all right you on this is called a zipline and humans. They enjoy this. They enjoy it very much Elon then I shall enjoy it as well. [Laughter] always dress in the Larry David Steve Jobs, attire right, I, don't know what it is. It's like I have risen above fashion, absolutely not transcend like the Bill Gates the bill, the bill gates doctor. It's the Bill Gates doctor, it's some sort of Buddha thing. He said under a he said under a tree of money for seven days, I heard a joke about I, don't remember who said it but they're like you know why Bill Gates will always be rich and people like you always report. Look at the way he [ __ ], dresses bulk, the guy saving on every corner. Man guys find that video of him doing VR I need to I need to watch that oh yeah, you like with families too bastard. That was a great little. How dare heroes should communication ever video talk to humans now [ __ ] that guy it's here higher up? Oh wait! Let me find it oh here. It is. Thank you guys. Really we got it. The Armand, a man women over here I got you bye. So here he's doing well, oh he's doing a vr Facebook a trial for Facebook's VR space by visiting Puerto Rico after the hurricane devastated hurt. Well, you might want to visit somewhere else. Well cut the [ __ ] is just bizarre man here, he's gonna be all broken up. Go quickly! Teleport there! Okay, look at the devastation. We are in a 360 video in in Puerto Rico I danced oh the humanity, and can you turn it up for us? Damn you can kind of get a sense of what like they're, like they're like strolling through a war zone with literally like the hot. The AI transcends to to look at our model. How he's like holding on to the camera like physically, like oh, the memes, write themselves. Recently, it's flooded, it's a it's flooded. Yeah wow I would not want to be here yeah. Well, if I didn't have a magical were to teleport back to my penthouse Wow. Well, wasn't that unpleasant I think I got a sandwich and some tater cuts. [Laughter] I! Think Zach Zach posted it to Twitter lucky to find just the link. No description. I was like what is this I click it I'm, like oh man, good I, might be I. Think it was that I know which makes it even more Rachel. Can you take those glasses off and get a little [ __ ] serious I know this? Is someone's neighborhood you can't? Yes, you can't. You can't look concerned wearing Gucci shades I mean this is where we're looking right and you wanna. You want to jump in Facebook VR and go look at some national tragedies. Let's go to their places in Uganda, where they're so famous, you won't believe, there's basically children dying of starvation right before your eyes and it's in fact one of our top attractions in our VR and our Facebook VR studio. This was like remember in Sim City, where you could you could have them. The the natural disasters come through is the modern version of that right want to see some natural disasters up close how the [ __ ] do I know that he's not the one who sent it game. He could have one flick on that algorithm. It's a butterfly effect somewhere off the coast of Costa Rica area. That Facebook is is very focused on to make it said all my people in the community could tell their friends and loved ones that they were safe. We activated beeping over community later eyes, their eyes. Food, shelter and usually in the community, could provide that if they had that, we once again he's probably trying to do something. Nice yeah, he just comes off every time. It's like how can you not know the optics of this I love it others in it. There's more I would watch this all day. Wow, there's like 4,000 of these. This is very underground. Meme I think we should make a video about this yeah. Maybe that's what this is right now that'll be uh, then you want highlights I, hope you guys enjoy. You know, there's gonna be a highlight for sure and include this part. Okay, now cut alright. Where were we without the hood? Alright, let's, let's, let's switch out here? Okay, let's get this out of the way yeah it's the elephant in the room, yeah I see I was wondering what the [ __ ] that was. Oh yeah, been awful, just so intrusive yeah. You had an infamous debate. Yes with some debate that got you into a lot of hot water. It happened. How long ago was that now, I, don't I, don't keep track. I, don't know like nine months or something anyway like there was. There was a lot of backlash and a lot of people upset about about what you said in it and I guess. My question is: was I I don't want to get too deep into it, because this is a fun light-hearted time. I'm, not I, don't want to debate anything with you. I! Don't want this to be anything negative at all. So if you're uncomfortable with things like you don't have to comment at all like I know, you've moved past it and it was a really hard time for you, yeah, I'm, sure, I'm. Sure people want to know about this, so I just get it out of the way cuz I haven't talked about it. Since then, for a good reason, I don't really want to get into this. It's a minefield of sorts I'm, not gonna, go back and nitpick everything, I said and say, and qualified or anything all I'm gonna say is that yeah at that moment, I was you know going into something that I needed a lot more time to prep for I just went in guns, blazing cuz I. You know you get a little arrogant, sometimes I guess you think, like I'm gonna take this kind of task, but you know, like obviously I understand like why people had the reaction that they did. It's not as if you know, I, look back at some of that and I'm like wow [, __ ] did I say that, like this is done no matter what right or wrong it's a [, __ ] bad luck there. You know I, I'm, aware of that. But um you know yeah it's it's pretty simple, like I'm, not really gonna get into it, but oh yeah, I guess. The main question on everyone's mind is all here's the erase this? Is he a Nazi, simple answer and this what everyone wants I mean you know no I treat every single person with the same respect. They afford me. So you know I felt bad about the incident in in the sense, but like I also just feel bad that we can't talk about these things without witch-hunting each other right, because you know that that's basically my full statement, okay, mm-hmm I mean did you say, do you feel, like you said some things that you regret yeah? It could phrase a lot of that better. The whole thing was that, like just to put it in perspective for you, when I the second I went into that stream, it was an instant bump bump bump moment right, I was not I was thinking to myself can I just would it be weird if I just was like? Oh sorry, mics breaking I, don't like reliving it now. Did you have a lot of self-aware moments during that before the whole time? You just said- oh, my god should not be I, was wondering that I was like personal I was like if they're I'm, not the person to fight this battle right. Well, let me just say for the record, like that: I I disagree with a lot of the stuff. You said you know, but I, but I still think like it's a you. If you genuinely feel a certain way or some people genuine feel a certain way. The correct way to deal with it is not to like prevent them from saying it. Yeah we've been seeing on it. We should be able to [ __ ] talk about like even if I strongly disagree, and even if I'm, like dude, that's that's [, __ ] up, but I think that we should still be able to talk about it. I mean I, don't know it's tricky like it's tricky, but is it an impossible task for someone as a family? If you say something they really disagree with? Is it an impossible task for them, be like I, really like I'm trying to get them on? I really disagree with that. I hate what he said, but I still love him as a person and as an entertainer I. Guess that's a timeless question yeah! Well, it's that's been the fit. That's been through the ages. You know right, but at the same time, I really just think that I, don't I, just don't want I, really don't want to get into this I would like to move on as quickly as possible, because I just really don't wanna get into this, but I mean it's. It's I, don't think it's a stretch to say the current social climates insane yeah and we're sure and I mean the only way we'll ever get past. It is just talking about stuff. I don't want. I am a community. That's really I'm not trying to get back into this. But people always ask me this I just put it to bed now ya know I treat my answer will be I just treat people with the same respect. They give me at the end right, don't want to hurt anyone yeah, it's just and that's me don't want to get into it past that okay, fair enough for you, yeah, okay, okay, I kind of want to ask you tell me if you don't want to talk about, but I wanted to ask you stuff that I find interesting, not necessarily about like how about your actual pinions about stuff, but like more about like the fallout from it. What about it? Like I mean how did like sponsors and fans? How are you feeling at the time, cuz I'm sure it's not a great time? No, it wasn't wonderful, but I mean now you get past it I mean like you, you grow. You learn. You know you can't be perfect all the time. I know some. Some things are more larger than other things you know, but like no I just took it in stride, really I was like I I like making people laugh I like doing comedy. People still want me to do comedy so I, just I. Clearly, yeah I've just continue down that path and I. Don't really feel like dredging. It up because pointless I'm, not gonna, get anything else out of me from it. Yeah just like there's nothing I have nothing to say, I'm, just more interested in like the the journey you had, I was like you did. You went through it. It was something that sucked obviously and a lot of times past and, like you feel, like you've, learned a lot from it or you're. In a better place now learned the yeah I've definitely learned like one of the biggest things I've learned is just you know how to have restraint or like rephrase an argument well right, so that comes off a certain way right. You know like it's hard to miss it. Sometimes you just screw up one year when you have all the eyes on you and also sometimes and I'm, not really making excuses. This is just like, sometimes when, when there's so many eyes on you, you just crack a little bro totally I can play that's a something I'm trying to work on with myself. It's like you go from being a normal guy. They can say anything you want yeah to being someone who millions of people are watching yeah and you you need to learn to be thoughtful. I didn't realize the impact like the far-reaching nature of yeah. You don't because you're just like YouTube, we live a bit more of a indie life for youtubers, so yeah I think that in general, like just to be more thoughtful, I, don't know because people respond better to calm collected. Absolutely, that's pretty much. You know, that's like the main takeaway from me. It's better all around yeah for everybody sometimes, but it's hard and I did, and you were an emotional state. Yeah I was an emotional state and I'll. Tell you what it's not defending by the way I just want to say for the record I'm, not defending what you said. I just state again for the record. I disagree with a lot of the [ __ ]. You said, but that's fine, like yeah I like I'm, not gonna, be like I'm still talking about it. That's part of the problem is that people were like I can't believe that you're still friends with John and I'm like why he's the same person like I love him he's a good friend of mine, like we can talk about this stuff amongst each other and try to find a common ground right like it's way better to have a disk, have a conversation and try to understand each other. Otherwise, you just end up with the segregated groups, people who hate each other yeah, like you really expect me to just be like [, __ ] off. You said something that I disagree with and I can't talk to you anymore, like that. Yes, how sick is that yeah I agree, I mean yeah. That's why I didn't want to get into this too much, because I don't want just I, don't want anyone to take anything. I say out of context. I! Don't want them to say. Are you making excuses for this? What do you think of this? You know it's just this is I'm just giving you like general I, forget what my train of thought here, but I do like it's something that I'm just focused on comedy. Now. That's fair I understand it's a wait, sir, by the way, you're doing very good. Thank you. Is there lots of videos we're really good? Thank you. So much like was this like yeah and and I and I noticed you I mean you, you disappeared for a while off YouTube. How long was it between derth? You know that that was mostly just me reorganizing, but it was for a while six months, I've done it before I've done eight months, yeah, yeah, I, guess I mean you're you're notorious for just disappearance. How I am well I'd like this happening? I never talked about what's going on there. Well, usually, the thing is: I I've, never been wonderful at consistency and considering that I do most of this stuff independently, considering I do most of it myself, I have to like get it already, and you know I prepare the budgets and everything so sometimes or like, for instance, you'll notice in between the in that break, like we built a new set and all that stuff and you're like rig the lights, it takes a while, sometimes and I'm, not I'm, not like I can't make me just quickly: cuz, usually I, edit them, and it's very like minutely. It takes me a really long time. I have an editor he's great. You know, I have a team, yeah I'm, just very involved, I guess I, just I always like when I put something out for me to feel like it's a hundred percent. How I want it to be, and it's a weakness as much as it is a strength yeah yeah, but that's just how I am and how I've always been, and it works for me. So yeah I wish I. You know I'm trying my best right now, especially I'm, trying to get over my fear of just trusting my instincts because sometimes I'm, like I, second-guess myself like I. Don't like this or there's something I call upload phobia, yeah sort of that I feel like when we, especially if we take a break for some reason. It gets really harder to get back to it. The longer you go from posting those wire gets to come back yeah. That's very that's very true, and that's why and I'll tell you what yeah, because the expectation is higher from you. You come back, that's why, like you better, have the [ __ ] best view ever he said six months to work on it when it comes to youtube, I feel like it's. You just have to keep a ball. Rolling YouTube is, and it could be really. It can wreak havoc on your mental stay, sometimes sometimes lutely, sometimes really I'm. Just like I, don't know I'm out of ideas. You know, I, don't know what to do fair enough. That's fair, I think what I love about your channel and that I always have. Is that there's a myth among youtubers that if you walk away from your channel it will die yeah. We all feel that we gets us a riot and you single-handedly demystified that I feel like like genuine. If there's anyone to prove its me, it's good encouraging it's nice to know that you can actually just step away for a healthy amount of time and come back and and your fans are still there to enjoy your videos. Yeah I know I love my fans seriously, though the I it's we I know I, never really speak candidly on this subject, so I'm not used to it, but no I really appreciate the fact that people come back and watch the videos. I mean I, put my heart and soul into them, but I am planning in the next year to really break away. I've already done a couple. Videos and I usually come from what I normally do, but I'm gonna do some stuff. That's really like. It won't even be the same format, but you know that's. The thing is, sometimes you have to take risks like that or element comes still yeah I, don't know well, I would say. I've observed since you've come back from your most recent break. Is that the nude like there's, definitely a new direction? There's a new feel and I mean he'll love it yeah thanks. I was so much fun and it feels fresh. You know your junk lashes. You really feel that way. Yeah absolutely yeah I mean and beyond that, like they're doing great yeah, it seems like bananas became alike. Oh man, I get messages of flex tape. All the time now do you know what's funny, I was literally just like you need. You know what so I got. No I was just like in my in a local pub in Manhattan and I was just like drinking a beer like and I, and I saw the the commercial on like a TV screen up like by the bar and I, was like. He saw the boat in half that man to sell tape and, and then I just was like this is so funny. Gotta do video on it and I really didn't expect people to I I expect the most people to either say like I've already seen this commercial or it's just a stupid video but I, don't know, I have some reason it for some reason it just becomes such a big big mean I, don't even Jerry, Seinfeld I, don't know if you saw my video, but Jerry saw. People were tweeting me that on Jimmy Kimmel he was asked what his favorite TV show was. He said the flex seal commercials on Jerry Seinfeld's desk, somehow yeah Jerry Seinfeld saw my video you're watching Jerry Seinfeld, which I know you are if Jerry Seinfeld sons secretary second cousin brother-in-law, is watching this video and I mean get in contact with your boy, Jerry get it out there quick. They were sending out feelers anyway. I was really happy to see you come back and like like off I, don't want to say Phoenix. It was a bit Phoenix like you came back legs strong and everyone so hate to see you I feel like it was an even on your suck like there was like such turmoil on your subreddit during that happen, but I don't what like came together and was super supportive and was like just behind you as it can like. That's how you want to be well. I want to be I just want, and so I thought it was great. I was super happy to see it all awesome, I, appreciate it and I tell you what I'm, having a blast doing it and in 2018 I hope. I can bring some some some more joy and laughter to the world that I just want to put more positivity out there, and you know what it's like. That's really it I know it's stupid yeah, it sounds corny, but it's really like when you can really realize that I mean it's really I'll. Tell you one thing: cuz I tell you so you know I'm, not bullshitting, cuz I am really bad at lying by the way. I'm really [, __ ] about it. Like I'll tell you one thing: don't work at the moment. You know everything has gotten so topical and I saw like some comedy specials on Netflix and it's like uncomfortable. It's like we just some people just need to laugh. You know yeah just to laugh, yeah and I. Just I like providing that kind of gonna be honest. There's some there's some people to do that. Some don't like Jimmy, Fallon I, don't like the guy personally I, don't find him funny, but he refuses to talk about. Trump doesn't watch. Oh, he does I think that he specifically said he doesn't get into that because he wants it to be yeah. It's divisive, you know, like all the other enlightening shows he does a little bit but I guess not in detail. He doesn't like go after and it's not like personal. It's not like hey Trump was in through a paper towel. It was not funny. I know you know, I, remember you got in trouble for like wrestling his hair and humanizing. The man way what yeah, Jimmy Fallon got in trouble. I, just on his show and just went like this to his hair, to prove it was real or something oh, that's great. Who wouldn't want to do that that big trouble and you like tearfully, apologize or something why he was like I'm. So sorry, IQ man dies. This monster, wait he's in Dan, pull up the ruffling and the aftermath of the ruffling, but this is but I think that's a perfect like this world has gone mad. It's a man apologize for ruffling, someone's hair, it's a chrissake because I tell you what I'll tell you is like a boy who cried wolf thing: it's like yeah when you make that the worst thing. What if somebody really does a bad thing? What do you say about that? We can't we can't it's like overload its overload at that point or or we just let it slide because, like meanwhile, we know that everyone's, like in Hollywood's, been raping everybody and and like we're just like uh like it's just, oh man, it's like just when you think it'll settle down like you got those flowers today, I saw that I was like. Can he say he's gone forever? Is good, fired him 12 yeah the news hour, that guy looks like he [ __ ] tucks, his kids. In that night, yeah I know it's apparently grabbing ass. I, don't really understand. Is such a vault of volume of sex scandals, I would I'm sorry, yeah I'm, really shocked. I'm laughing I started by not being shocked because every woman I think I've seen some sort of thing, but now I'm shocked, because there's so many like what it's never-ending. That's the thing cuz. There was always this thing like believe women and it's like no I, believe there's it's gotta be out there I know it's out there yeah, but like to this scope. Shock out. I feel like it makes me feel like kind of a it makes me feel like I wasn't as sensitive I mean I I had not reasoned you when I was like, because all every woman has this opinion about a certain opinion about men, I, don't you mean and like it seems like every single woman in Hollywood? No matter how famous they are has had a really awful experience with some creepy guy, alright yeah and that's what should women with the I know? It is that yeah people, yeah, really powerful, famous woman, are getting yeah dog, so yeah. So imagine what's yeah, you know I hate, pandering to these subjects, but, like I, really do I know what you mean. I was like damn really was that [ __ ] bad, my dad I, know and I. Think it's important to reflect on it. I think take any blame for it. I didn't do anything but like I, don't feel I'm just it makes me more thoughtful and like just I guess how I mean there was no way for us to be like to know what was happening, but it is it's definitely something to reflect on there yeah it's an interesting subject and that it just came out that, like Harvey Weinstein like if this guy couldn't get any worse, he was like sex trafficking people at Cannes. Wait. Was he really? Yes, oh yeah, we I remember what was her Lupita Nyong'o, the I think she's like an African actress. She was that sounds about right, um, I, think she's from Africa. The thing is she. She had a thing where she he was basically like. He tried to do that to her and she was like no I'm, not gonna, [ __ ]. Do that and then he who's like okay you're blacklisted, and he would just do that. Dude he's a mom and then and then later, when she became successful on her own accord. Um like he was like oh [, __ ] I have to tried to like be like sorry, sir, but yeah I, don't know, but apparently that's just what was happening there, but like the weirdest ones, like Matt Lauer, you've got Charlie. Rose you've got louis c.k that one hit home. You know really neurotic weird fetish out of all the stuff. You couldn't do that. One is so weird. It's a ballsy fetish, literally yeah, I, I gotta, say III. Gotta say that one I was just like dude. You could have wrote that one into one ear stand up. I feel like it was one of his standing. Yes, he didn't, he I, don't I hate the part. The part that was so devastating about that is that it was like one of his jokes and the fact that he never talked about it made me calling the question like because he was like hey I'm, a guy that talks about anything I want yeah I mean, while he's doing this [ __ ], that's like so insane in, and it's very weird like it's a premise of a hilarious joke: yeah, that's awful yeah I, don't know like I. Don't wanna get myself in trouble here but, like you know, look at louis ck's upset we're talking, [ __ ] about might consider myself blessed. No, no I know no I'm, not talking about him. I. Just Matt I want to get myself in trouble here in saying it's not it's not that big a deal or something, but it was just like of all the scandals that one was just like why it's so unnecessary like. Why are you ruining your life yeah to do that? Well, I! Guess you used the guy. He has a [ __ ] real compulsion. Like you can't you can't possibly get into how sick his head must be to do that see really anyway. I can't imagine doing like how bald like hey. Can I masturbate can I draw hey me, the most famous committee in the world and you who was also famous, can I drop, trou and jerk off and frontier. He did asking me: okay, yes, so that he did ask it was like no hey. Can I yeah exactly yeah exactly it was a NAT. It was like yeah I, don't want. Let's take a break hope you guys didn't think that was too heavy. Like me, we're gonna take a quick break, we'll be back. We have got it's you want plug, always be plug in. Oh, we already [ __ ] by my dumb [ __ ] catchphrase from 2012 Wow. What does he have anything new? That's the washed-up stay tuned shower. You can take this morning, got him. Alright, let's take a break. The claim you look very clear, I wasn't calling down a question. You look great. Oh my mom I wanted to tell you yeah. She texted me during the break and she said, tell John I said hi. He looks great, oh well, you you are wonderful. I do ever meet my right. They we did a video there's, [, __, ] yeah are simply lovely yeah. There's they're crazy, they're lunatic. All right, we'll take a break guys, don't leave, because we have got so much great stuff left. If you leave yeah blow it Capisce. Is you guys soon? Thank you to nature box, the most slammin snacks in town? Alright? Now here's the deal it's holidays, you're eating, chocolates and cookies and candies. There's no fun left you're gaining weight, I'm trying to lose the Fupa, but wait enters stage, naturebox who's, making delicious snacks that won't make you die twenty years earlier than you should. Oh, my god, praise be nature here. Let me try this. This is the sriracha ketchup. Oh my god forget about it. The thing is like you can taste that they made it with class and, like the look you can tell it's not like insanely, salty or sweet. It's like perfectly mmm seasoned, angry, really good. A little spicy too. These guys have over a hundred delicious snacks they're all made with high-quality, simple ingredients. That means no artificial, colors, flavors or sweeteners. It's easy as pie, just go to naturebox, calm and nature box will deliver them right to your door, new snacks every month, inspired by new food trends, professional chefs and customer feedback. If you want my recommendation, it's always gonna, be the cashew sriracha cashews, unbelievable I'm, a sucker for cashews, the other one I love is the coconut cashew I devour those, and then we've got here. Try that cheddar the cheddar lentils I mean. Let me hit that way. There's no risk guys! If you don't like a snack nature box will replace it for free. So what do you got to lose? Get some snacks that are delicious and good for you, god dang it right now. Naturebox is offering h3 fans 50% off your first order. When you go to nature box, calm, wow, that's nature, box, calm, your first order, guys naturebox.com/tyler, wonderful snacks and for supporting our show. Hmm, oh, where you at lentil dupes tastes, way too good to be healthy. Next up, Thank You, Dollar, Shave Club. One of our greatest most loyal sponsors, I love, Dollar, Shave Club. They make a great product. Everyone knows what Dollar Shave Club is going on here. Ok, it shipping out dollars for a few bucks. Everyone loves it. I love it. What you may not know which I didn't is that Dollar Shave Club also has products for pretty much everything else in the bathroom they've got body, while shampoo hair gel lip balm everything my favorite top secret product, they have one wipe Charlies. These guys are selling butt wipes I'm a big fan of butt wipes. Once you try it, you will never go back and that's my guarantee do and they have the best ones. Ok, soon I heard they had other stuff than razors I was sold. Listen at the store. There's too many options. You can tell the difference between any of them. You got to ask questions to the clerk's. They know the difference food razors. So what the hell you they're doing. You expect the minimum wage clerk to give you a reputation on a razor, get real make it easy convenient for you to upgrade your shave and your bathroom. Now you don't have to step in a store and you get high quality. Shaving grooming products delivered right to your door because I know you're lazy. Just like me. Maybe you're, not lazy like me. Maybe you don't have time you're actually productive. Unlike me, either way you need this. Just like the razors everything super high quality left me look in fresh and feel an amazing from premium ingredients and sophisticated sense. Dollar Shave Club is changing the game. My friends, if you like me, you're sick of the nonsense at the store now it's time to try out Dollar, Shave Club for a limited time, they're. Basically, given their [, __ ] shower shave, starter upset, I can't go Thursday a shower. They have a cat. They have a a pack called the [ __ ] shower shave, starter kit, I, like on the copy they put a star on the eye like who's. That for me like for my benefit, I'm gonna, say [, __ ], like you, it's 30 shower shave, starter kit for new members. It's only five bucks, okay and you get to try all their great products for only 5 bucks. It's got the executive razor, the 3 trial, sized version of the most popular product that helps you stay fresh and clean, and your first box you'll receive their shave, butter body wash and one wipe Charlies butt wipe your ass is enough. I on a bit of an aside, I guarantee. Once you use a a 1 wipe charlie, you won't realize how dirty your [, __ ], has always been. There is no way to fish sufficiently clean your [ __ ] without a wet wipe. It's just not possible you're, just smearing it around with paper you're, not actually cleaning it you're, just smearing it around your [ __ ] like. Why? Do you think every we've done a study about that it doesn't take much just white once with a wet one. You'll see you like damn my ass is there's a ton of [ __ ] in my ass telling you it's disturbing. You need both to get the job done. So try this one. Try the wet, wipe Charlie one wipe Charlies I wish mine were one way. Sadly, I don't think they can guarantee that their one wipe that's up to you and what you eat. My diet, charlie, maybe you're a [, __ ] shower Charlie sometime then just a [, __ ] Lee take a shower Charlie yeah. Sometimes that's the case. But probably in your case, if one white will get you, that's not really their fault, you can't blame them. That's that's completely my fault, so you get the shea butter, the body wash the one wipe Charlie you get the executive razor with the weighty handle and cassettes. The offer is exclusively available at Dollar Shave Club, calm, /h 3, that is Dollar Shave Club dot-com, slash h3. If you want to give someone a great gift, they've got a super, simple gift membership and he gift cards. They got this great product, it's gonna, have you covered face to cheek and and also from face to butt cheeks as well, there's no better time to try the club and thank you so much to Dollar, Shave Club and to all of our sponsors for graciously supporting us. If you are in the market, please consider supporting one of our sponsors. Thank you so much and now, let's see what a jan tran has to say, welcome back to the h3 podcast, where booth in and we're band, and if you don't know what a booth visits when you try to put drugs up your ass at a rave party sneaking in shot, don't know what a Buddhism and especially ela I, know. We've had this conversation. I chose to forget it. I want to call mounts a couple of your new videos. Please I loved that Indian guy. You see the blooper at the end, where he couldn't say yeah. Do you know why he sobered up and said the well I think his boss was coming and I we weren't supposed to relative guy what just walked apart. That's why one of the reasons I love about Philly, New York, is that you really can get the realest [ __ ], you just walk up through guys slip 100 and go. Can you just [ __ ] say that bro I thought for sure that he was an actor? No, oh, really, yeah! No, he was just a hot dog guy and it was cool. You need to find him, you need some more I need more I know, I feel bad whatever you know, whenever I use one of those guys cuz we, you know we get their permission. We're like we're doing this video. Do you want to say a line? You know like we'll give you some cash. You know and but I feel bad because, like I never get to like mess it like I, can't I, don't know what email hot dog man right. So you know I feel bad that, like I hope they like, don't see it and go like well. I didn't know, I was gonna, be in this nah he's great. It was. It was fun, but we do get. You know permission and we a theist. They know the cameras on them yeah, but the the yeah. He was just that's. Why I love the realness of it? That's why I don't think it would have been as good with an actor and then okay on the Jazzercise. How hard was it not to comment on her camel toe? Oh, my god, the comments about camel toe. You know that we almost made a video about that like two weeks ago. What I would have been so mad? Do you understand what I was like I have nothing to say, except about the camel toe, no way funny thing about this I made that workout video I'm gonna a little bit of a break the immersion here that was supposed to be the that was supposed to my comeback. Video and I didn't like it at the time, so I kind of shelved it and then I brought it back. So if you guys, oh, my god would have been so bad I almost shot that video really like. We remember we were. It was almost like a listing I'm like we got them the confidence machine and it was that what we got yeah. It was oh yeah. Oh, why didn't happen hold on I want to go on record here? Can I get this? Can we switch to me? Are we on me yeah? There I did notice the camel toe wasn't about to comment on this poor woman's camel toes like it's. Not it is not the camel that you toe; it is the dance you dance by which I judge you on that. But, oh, my god, I, don't wanna we're so weird, especially the last one with the dogs that was a lady I love, that's one of my favorites were turned into a little JRPG cuz. It did kind of look like a JRPG battle right and then ya do what's okay. So what are your long-term content goals these days? Have they changed it because I never loved? You were working a lot of stuff when I was in New York. You get a lot of long term yeah both. So how does that transform? Well, what I ended up realizing was that it takes a lot to do the things that I want to do so I'm sort of- and the thing is you know, I- have to keep the lights on mm-hmm I love doing that like that's. Why I've I've kind of changed it the format a little bit recently just doing more, like general commentary, it's not specifically on games like it used to be, but like while I'm doing that I have other stuff in the works like you said, and what well I I, don't I! Guess I'll say it here: I I, don't know if it'll happen. So don't like pound me for this, but like I, wanted to do a like a Travel Show in the style of karl Pilkington, because I love, travel, yeah and I'm a curvature right I could go around the world and convention everything right this stones, too, big that that could be natural yeah and it's something I've wanted to do and it's fun, because it's just I wanted to sort of work with the you know, like I, feel, like my strongest assets like my personality, so I was like what look at Brett best showcase. Then I thought that would be a good idea. Is that something you're currently working on or just develop in its we're sort of developing it because we're we just moved Studios and we're gonna have to get that set up and once that set up and things are running smoothly there mm-hmm I'm gonna, try to do some of that stuff, but it's very expensive and the thing about that is it's really hard to you know. I might even I. Don't know it would be nice if somebody like Netflix wanted it, but I don't know well yeah. So I was wondering how how do you finance something like that? The way that I've always done it is just on some ships and CPM and I try to make do with what I have and I have a budget for like every episode. Do you secure sponsors ahead of time yeah, though that well I'll get it ahead of time, maybe like two months and then I'll say: what's my deadline? They're gonna, be my deadline and I delivered to them interesting on the deadline school. They you have that relationship with them yeah. Well, it's different every time. That's the thing, because it's a multitude of sponsors, you can pitch an idea to say whoever and be like hey I'm working on this travel show. Are you guys up for sponsoring two or three episodes or whatever yeah yeah? We could that that is one method. Iii generally, because I have like it's like your show like cuz. You know that there's like a show like an h3 h3, show that you do yeah periodically right. I, don't really need to tell people what it is. They already know they wanted on a Kijana episode yeah, but like yeah, that's a whole different thing. Yeah you could, if you wanted to like, go like I. Never, like I, never talked about this gonna stuff. You could like go out to a sponsor and ask them if they wanted to sponsor it that that's one method of doing it, I'm sure you guys do that kind of stuff to you, yeah yeah, general I mean generally the way it works for us is like someone's, like hey I wanna, sponsor a video. That's basically how I did where they come through agency and then that's how we started this podcast yeah. Really we yeah, we had sponsors from the beginning, oh yeah, the podcast actually wasn't, and we knew we needed a budget to do this, and we were this was the one except yeah I feel like the thing is when you're uncertain it's harder to. You have to be like okay, we've planning out like a twelve part series, and do you want to sponsor that, whereas we can just to take it as it comes approach. Also works cuz, it's like if we get a certain sponsor and it might fit on that video. It's like okay. This is our chance. We know we're gonna get that budget. Let's go make it I'm a little bit more on the run-and-gun side, because YouTube's a bit like that, but yeah I do sometimes wish that I had a more structured thing, but that's kind of what makes YouTube fun you just kind of go with it. If there's no I liked it on you, you know what I do think about, because if you have like a television show or something like that, it has to be like twenty one minutes long. You know right, but we can make it as long or one I think that's really cool yeah, because it doesn't need to be any longer or any shorter than it needs to be sure. Sometimes we don't appreciate yeah the things that we have on you I. Think about that. Like imagine how maddening you have your video has to be twenty three minutes long yeah like what no I think about that. All the time to put in crap or yeah take something you like to wait to get notes from the network. Yeah, you thought that's the biggest thing and then they might want to take out your favorite part right and then that's I have to tell you like one of the biggest reasons that I haven't like moved on to something like that is just because I really like not having anyone tell me what to make I just really like it. It's it's not like to me. It's the best thing but yeah. You obviously always have that thing. It's like one for the money, one for the show. Sometimes you you've got to stick to a format or you won't be able to keep it going. Nothing you don't like format, but sometimes obviously everyone has a creative aspirations or like if I, just somebody just handed me, this fat sack of money Oh what I could make yeah and I do think that sometimes because I'm watching, if you Jerry, Seinfeld's, fine, exactly but ya, know, but the thing is right: yeah I don't mean to I one of the reasons I don't like talking about this is because it sounds like I'm not enjoying what I'm making. Now that's not the case. It's just that it won't be cool to make other stuff yeah I had the chance. There's no need to hide like the business aspect of what we do. It is a business yeah, it's tough! It is a business because you wouldn't be able to make these good people always say John. You know your new stuffs to over produce and it's like yeah, okay, I'm gonna. Tell you how much you're gonna enjoy it if I go back to filming it on my handy cam, well, I'll get anymore, I. Think I disagree in a way and that there's a difference between like home charm, of like shooting a new Lehrer. But you do a lot of high budget stuff. You have like special effects. You have props you go to plate, you go locations. You have really good employee, like that. That to me, is money well spent Sergio, Sergio, Andrew, Mike yeah. You know who you are I love you! No no yeah, Melanie I've gotta go through mom. Now somebody's gonna get offended, I love the people, I work, I, know them um, but I find charm and, like your old video shot in your apartment, but then, but at any rate, there's a lot surrounding it that cause I. Tell you wanna, you've all my right. Here's the here's, the yes you're right, but it that that too, but also the thing about charm, is the reason it's charming is because it's not replicatable like okay. Sometimes everything are pushing yourself to a new limit. Is the charm cuz a lot of times? I want to challenge myself because I like getting like legitimate reactions out of myself that I didn't expect I find that's like one way to get charm in like comedy, and if you do the same, it's almost like telling the same jokes million times start to lose the keep challenging you're wasting, make a new joke or tell it in a different way or right. That's just yeah I, that's cool! That makes a lot of sense to me. It's not like. If you went back into your house and shot it the old way, it would be the same yeah I'm, not that person yeah you're, not yeah. We definitely get the same, but you know what it's like: I, there's something um people, it's a nostalgia thing! Really it's like there's something when, when you see something like new and fresh, you know it's it's just this good way more yeah! Well, people are remembering the first time they saw you and it's like more yeah like oh, my god. This is amazing, -, just something personal that was happening in your life at that time. When you were watching it, I was just gonna say there reminds you that feeling it's gonna related to the video yeah a lot of times actually cause like I'm sure I, don't know if you've heard of this, but I've done this. Where I'm like this new thing sucks and the old thing is better I gonna play the whole thing and I'm like yeah. You know it's funny, it's like that, but but some some things stand the test of time and you go back and watch them and find out even better than you thought. All right, like the lord of rings, movies, I, know, I didn't think I can, like them anymore, went back and watch them recently. I was like they're really good. Like I, don't know the case of well. Anyway. Are you done making video game content? Oh you know. This is probably a great platform to not necessarily no not really I. Just it's just if it catches my fancy. I will do it and that's pretty much just the way that my approach to things is now I'm, not I, know people look at me like a like a gamer but I've. Never really I've, always really I've preferred the comedy side of it. You know like if it's funny that I'll do it right, I, don't really care what it is. That's funny I mean when I found your channel I'm, not gay I mean I'm I've, never watched gaming content on YouTube, but somehow I watched your videos about video games and they were entertaining to me. Remember that tweet, the first tweet combo we had I, don't know what did he mean it at me? Like dude love, your content, yeah and I was like I screwed up I, actually mistook you for another person, yeah and I was like wait who's. This I thought this was a different youtuber and then I saw your video. That's been seeing and I was like. This is some funny crap dudes and then I found your reaction. Videos dude you like pioneer, then that was good, but I. Remember once back, then they go. Is the gamergate SUV SUV we're driving yeah the lawn order, everyone Lu? Yes, that was like oh yeah yeah anyway, he leveled up they level that B we'll wait, Toby cousin back then I just feel like everything was so fresh yeah everything was so fertile. Oh yeah, that was like the dawn of the road, am emoney I hate to keep using anything. No, that was the dawn of it. Cuz yeah, before there was. There was no like organized way to roast all this, so I, never even watched YouTube before we started making those videos yeah. Once we started we to find out like pranks guys, that was the meaning we found pranks, I, gotta, say cuz, you've been saying so much nice stuff, I, gotta, return it because I uh, you guys like just like pioneered that whole thing that holds your honor I'm, so know, cuz like thanks like there's. No, it's funny because I remember thinking that I wanted to do stuff, like that's I hadn't, had the exact any of what it is, but you know like how do I get this same length formula with you know what I do is I did videos in movies and then you guys because there's something funny about when you're, taking like some honey from the from the current real world and just taking them to task because they did I. Think back then thank you like real, jealous, like happy jealous, like I'd, be like Taylor, making such good kind of that's nice. That's how we felt when we found out in my really yeah I, never forget when Ethan told me you got to see this guy, that I found on YouTube like I'll, never forget so unattainable quality, I know Chen and I was like. Oh my god like how do I make my videos like that. You know it's crazy. Well, it was I felt the same way about you. Thanks man, that's really [ __, ] cool to hear yeah! It's like you motivates I was totally man, 100% and well. First I'll say my back off yeah you get your dick out, [ __, ] louis c.k, jerk-off, fun know if you're asking yeah. I heard yes, I heard yes yeah anyone anyway about that specific video, the gamergate one is that I remember that you tweeted it out for us ones: I did yeah I, think it was the you tweeted it out and yeah. It made like this huge impact where a lot of rebels found our Channel who didn't know about. Just that was sweet. It was just one tweet, I, remember, I, remember there was a time when it was just like fire all of a sudden and then like ah the last year, especially you know it's like just looking at your numbers and I'm. Like hmm. Let's see what's happened here like it's just crazy cereal, it's it's surreal, I'm sure you know what I mean like just like two years ago. You know we were real. That year was magical for us, because we had nothing to lose yeah. Nobody, [, __, ], knew or cared about anything. We did or said. I could [ __ ] talk on anybody in the world and they probably wouldn't watch it. It probably wouldn't care just a no consequence. Half of our there's no consequence. Half of the videos I did shirtless just because I thought it was I know this last year has been really rough creatively. He has it been now so I'm curious, no I'm, just I'm still exploring the feelings, yeah dude, you know, especially because sorry, what just say, we've it's I, don't know it's kind of complicated we're trying to understand ourselves what happened in the past year, yeah I, guess dealing with a lot of negativity that that's the worst part and it's funny, because when you guys started growing I was like I see because I've been through that not especially you guys, are really exploding things but like I know that negativity part comes and it really sucks it's hard to deal with. And then you start to not know. What's real yeah like there could be like 98 percent positivity, but you really notice that 2 percent negativity. It's just like coming to terms with like the fact that I am realizing that I've changed for the worse. Almost I saw that tweet I know you're talking about no, we have a name yeah yeah I mean except we haven't, hung out a lot but and I don't know, we've been very private to and very hold up the past year. I have been the same way, though it's funny because the it does your you're up here on this platform with all these people, and sometimes it just as too much and you kind of well I did out I didn't really know how to even materialize the feelings, because I just felt negative all the time. I know what you're talking like aunt remember the last time I shot a video and I was like happy and it was a fun positive experience. Oh man, I went through that phase. You know what you do break through it eventually, when you just realize well, I'm gonna put it out there. They like it, they like it if they don't. Ah, c'est la vie, I just like yeah I. Don't I have a lot like that. I'm confronting right now about it, but well I, just feel like I've been turned into a shittier person. Oh it's okay I mean not to you, but I. Don't know who's been on the end of this I mean I, didn't like rape or kill anyone I'm, not sure it's like I was thinking to myself in the old today. I was like well, the good news is I, didn't rape, kill or molest any I'm, just an [ __ ]. Well, you know what dude I well I mean I, can't pretend there's no there's no specific instance. I'm. Just thinking about I know what you're talking about how I interact. We've both been feeling it. It's I know what you're talking about I think at least I mean I, don't know exactly what you're talking about, but I know that that feeling of negativity that comes with too much overstimulation too many people wanting to yeah get something from you or I. Don't know exactly what it is that you're talking about, but I know, say I'm. Trying really have it in words. Yes, innit cynical is a good word. How you became very cynical. Very distrustful. Very cynical is a very good way to put it very looking at people with the word like I, see the worst in people right away and then like I, give that out to the world and I and I. Have this feeling like that people, don't like me as well? Oh! Well, that's it's! Probably in your head, man I! Think secluding ourselves too much yeah, my it's just deep, yeah I know exactly we're talking about I! Don't think it's hard to talk about stuff, yeah! It's hard yeah! It's a very it's a very personal experience for ourselves and you really don't have any I'm, just I'm thinking our audience. Probably won't! You know the audience doesn't think about this. They just see the phone totally and it's and it's frustrating anyway. It's a conversation for, though time but ya know I, don't want to get I, don't want to probe to D just thinking about it. It's fine I on top I guarantee I want to talk about it, but I need to think about it. A lot yeah I think it's because I I know that people are wondering about it, because that tweet was dramatic. I was really curious. In fact, we didn't even talk about yeah I was wondering I, I'm, sure it's not as bad as for thinking. It's any rate, it's whatever it's just more in a personal yeah, it's a personal, it sure I, don't wanna yeah! No, it's not I'm talking about a voluntarily you're, just whatever it's like. Let me, let me just say what is it with the Dutch? No assisted suicide during the material out? Okay, you don't need to save this podcast because I'm a suicidal new suicide machine with detachable coffin I, don't wait what new suicide machine with detachable coffin lets? You kill yourself anytime anywhere. Is that a parody? No it's [, __ ], real and I. Tell you! What can you pull that up? Please Dan, Aryan I have actually some there's something about like the the Nordic pipes and assisted suicide, because you can go there to get euthanized there, like you know, life I'm kind of dumb I, just wanna someone to help me exit it. I have a friend who I have actually a couple of easily I have a friend whose grandmother a very dear friend of mine, just she was like the hundredth person in the whole country to elect to take her own life legally. It was a really interesting thing like I I, didn't know. That was the thing here in the United States I thought it was illegal, but it was here yeah the United States we're getting it too, and so she talked to she had talked to a psychologist. She had to get go to a doctor and get cleared and the state is like. Okay, you have permission to end your life now legally. Has it been slowing down yeah? It has been I've seen a couple things like that, but I didn't know we could do it here. I thought it was a big no-no here, yeah I think it's I think it's beautiful like she. She was terminally ill if you and she was suffering so like for her. It was like a way to go with dignity right, that's what they call it like going with and I think it's a great thing, but it's just like so weird to wrap your head around that. Yes, yes, I, like that's too much, isn't it it's fun? It's light enough. Just kill yourself instantly basket was I'm sitting here pouring out my heart. What do you expect me to step into one of those John you gonna fight, I, know it I know it's my Christmas gift. You know it's funny. Okay, on the way here, I have to qualify this on the way here. I wrote a list of like funny stuff, like I, even wrote, I'll tell you when I wrote it the earpods we just do haven't, got past the stigma of the Bluetooth headset cuz. You look like a real douchebag walking around hell. I put him in the wrong way, but when you feel so good yeah, you don't care to have those cool headphones like the Bose right out there actually funny, okay. So what should you prefer now these really? But these one I don't think you can sync these up to other stuff. Maybe you can, but of course you can't Apple. Let me let me don't have you you might be able to, but here this little tic tac box is it ticked X? No, it's $200 piece of plastic I'll, tell you what you put him on you take it out and put them on in your ears ago, so you can't hear it because mmm and then you're connected I, listen to safety. Dance I have to oh I, have to tell a story about this: okay, the ever gone and played a song on Spotify, and then the the playlist will like you play like one song like some Billy Joel song, and then it like automatically goes to the next songs on the search right. I got into some. You can get into some crazy stupid down the rabbit hole. I went on safety dance at like you know that song yes and I'm having a good time like, like you, know, getting some material for the show, and then it goes to the next song, which is safety dance with, like the crazy frog was like ring, ding ding, ding ding, all of a sudden who let the Frog you know dance to who let the frog out. They say three spots: bro, you went straight down the meme, oh man can I use it. I play like a song uh, actually yeah. You guys should go check out who let the frog out or the crazy frog version of I wanna go. I can go back in time just a little bit, because I am quite interested about this. Oh yeah I want to swing it to me, Fallon hair, ruffle that you [ __ ] shook the world. This is the new machine, no suicide machine with detachable coffin. Let you kill yourself: Anytime Anywhere! It's on Oprah's, olace gotta, see this year. This Christmas everyone's going crazy about this new suicide machine. I like how the title is written like a commercial exact. You can do it anytime anywhere, it's like it's. It's a millennial suicide box, bro. What's with the detachable coffin like what are you just like? It's like a like a like. Did you conveyor belt it? If you do it on the side of a ship, you can get ditched like an old Navy sailor. Listen to this [ __ ]. Are you sure this isn't parody, Australia's, best known euthanasia activist? It's not a best. No, there are actually some lesser-known euthanasia. Doctors, Scylla is back in the news. Why is it so silly designed to it looks too cool for what you're doing there I know you get back yourselves with dignity, be killed step into the future. One of those infomercials three easy steps, sit gas and it's yeah. It's basically a tape, commercial tape off your life to kill myself. I saw it myself in half got him. Maybe I'll make you not wanna come in suicide cuz! It's like look. We have cool stuff here. Maybe you want to change your mind. This is [ __ ], weird. It looks like a spaceship like you I guess you are going on the final journey right, I would love first, I would love for that thing to just rocket you. Well, you stay if they got me to say if it said you can now be buried in orbit and you will go for as long as the as the earth he's there I would do it there'd be too much paid space junk of [ __ ] corpses floating around the earth. Do you know I actually saw a space junk map in terms of price limit. It's a lot of space yeah and sometimes it just falls to earth, yes, which you know like my job, though right no, no like makes it like. I just saw a thing on it like these big guests, like propane tank type things just like no no burning up, you might burn up. That's nice I like other space junk, that's just what I need like I'm, not neurotic enough just propane tanks blowing through space. Now you get killed by a skeleton hurtling towards Earth. No one would be the most disappointing thing about this machine. You just can't open it from the inside you just trapped like you, got a lemon and then turn on I'm, not even dead I'm alive common out of 10. The fact that I'm leaving this review is speaks alright, let's find the dumplings pretty funny. Yeah I, don't know you're like. Let me see if I got any more because I know we're probably Jimmy. Alright, let's see this some fun Trump during the taping of The Tonight Show today did I miss your hair. This is during the campaign yeah the campaign. The answer is yes: [Applause] [Music] you're gonna have a guy on your show. Why would you what was the Matis ISM bet, what the cause isn't? What that was that a humanized Trump look at what was their actual apology, yeah I, look at it. It's hilarious, I, don't know if he said it himself, but like Jimmy Fallon apology, Trump afford Trump hair. Well, you just Trump apology or probably Donald Trump interviews himself in mirror somehow I, don't think it'll be like. Was it a statement or video I? Don't know, just look it up on Google like Jimmy, Fallon, Trump, hair, apology, okay, yeah, there you go see. Is sorry not sorry! Oh that's out, I'm, sorry, I'm, sorry, I'm, not sorry, I'm, not watching Jimmy Fallon anymore, since he ruffled some air I swear. He apologized for this I could grow I, think he apologized for it. I was trying to have fun. That's the horrible I can't [ __, ], say man. Then, of course, - show us -, yeah, yada yada, look I thought we were just going out there for some fun. One thing led to another was ruffling some hair yeah, it's a gateway, humor all right! Well, I! Guess, let's see here a couple more things making her way through here. One thing: I did want to ask you that a lot of people- this was the number one question on our subreddit, so I feel obligated to ask you I'm not gonna pressure, you to say whatever you want about it, but a lot of people even to this day, which I know is insane. People are weird about this. You know. What's coming the game, people want to know what's the real story, but how much game drum [ __ ] you want to trouble. You want to get me I'm, just I'm, just asking the questions. People want. It was nothing really honestly, just some creative differences. That's it the end. Please stop asking me: okay, I mean there's like people are like there's like a subreddit called it was it grumps, Perry's, grumped, grumpily, yeah, yeah, well, I, so Glade had a lot of success, I'm really happy for them. There's no bad blood. It's fine! Is this really your number one on our summer? Look I! I, don't want to just here's the thing if I sit here and go can't answer that can't answer that looks worse, there's nothing! It's no big deal. It was like five years ago. You know we. We were just on different creative pets and then that's it. That's a very fair and respectable answer. Thank you for your frankness. Yeah I got a joke when I was actually pretty proud of. Okay, whose show is this piece they say rome fell. We always talk about the fall of Rome. How do you think that makes it I think you can get a flight there from JFK the Roman guy you living in Rome comes outside, said: hey in fall, it's right here! It's still here. What do you mean? It's standing right now, mr. saying that to people who say funny stuff, you know what stick to comedy you're a huge fan of Star Wars, Oh merchandise, it too, so that I never see anything but Star Wars in all of my peripheral vision, right yeah, but I'd love, Star Wars, my favorite things. Just in case you forget about it yeah. Just in case you didn't remember the most. Have you been following the he a debacle with the new game? Oh yeah, I, some I have to say: I would I just got an Xbox. One is pretty damn cool system, I'm working and everything and I saw like I. Don't you know what I don't think it was battlefront, but it was like World War Call of Duty World War two and they were selling it for like it was like it was like a hundred and ten dollars slash only 89 and I'm like since, when yeah Battlefront, that's the new Star Wars gaming, it was like 80 bucks, oh no, the Xbox I was like. When did this happen? Yeah I, -, hiking, yeah I thought 600 was like them, I guess it was the collector's edition, but I do remember. When we were kids games used to cost 40 bucks. Hmm, you remember that um PlayStation well also bus rides in Israel used to cost like nothing, I everything I just change that I refuse to believe it. That was the end of an era. It went from 40 to 60. It's been 60 for a long feeling. Like did you know what I have been feeling they're trying to edge it up, but they're not really get being successful because of like steam seems like you're gonna have for $5.00 yeah right. The thing is, the thing is with the battlefront thing: what people were pissed about if I understand correctly was the fact that you could buy was just payable in Darth Vader for like forty $80, it was a little big. It was just. It was a total pay to win skin like gone in the Sun, wild and I gotta, say some cuz I'm a big. You know this I was just by the way I'm back in the counter-strike and I haven't played, since my name on Steam is still there and I've been racking up, kills on Saint John, the Divine, the skin, John I, know it's a great skin and it's funny by the way, just an anecdote. We used to play so much and then it was the holidays and we bought each other like $300 skins and then we never played, but we used to call John Saint John the Divine anyway, you know everything. No it's what I was saying was microtransactions III like them. I really don't mind them because, like certain games get supported forever by microtransactions, like in like skins in in counter-strike, it's so awesome, ro, no I. Don't think anyone has problems with skins because that's cosmetics, yeah cut, if it's just cosmetic god bless, make money and make cool stuff that I can choose to buy yeah, but the moment that it affects the game. Yeah. The balance of the game, you [, __, ] up, I'm gonna, be honest with you I, just the only have to say is if, if they're so stupid, to do something, that's stupid in a game that big you had it coming. Why would you put pay2win in a Star Wars they're, just brazen, like they're they're they're running that model to the farthest limit yeah of the universe? I, don't have anything look morally against it, but it's like come on Yin. It's they really I mean I, don't even feel like they provide the entertainment per dollar like other games like csgo is like 15 bucks best game ever they updated all the time like why you got a charge. I understand it's a big company. They need to make their investment back. They put hundreds of millions dollars in these games I understand, but they do seem to just really put some insane prices. Alright I they're testing a limit of like playability they're they're, just trying to find the sweet spot of playability first. How much money can we actually milk this game for yeah? And that mean you know, that's what they do, but it's [ __ ] annoying because it would be otherwise fun game, but nobody wants to grind for 80 hours just to play. Darth Vader yeah when they're 80 paid $80 for the game. Well, yeah I mean the funny thing. Is this I know this was like a big topic? It doesn't really buy for some reason. This stuff's never riled me I'm, like that's a bad business model. It will fail, naturally does does it not I feel like this is the first time because I have this article here that says their stock actually dropped 8.5%. They lost 3.1 billion dollar shareholder value since the release of battlefront it's a bad bit, but that's the first time I've actually seen a company get [ __ ] by it. But then, on the other hand, if you pull out even further like in the past year, their stock is up like a ungodly amount. In the feel way up, I mean it's. A EA is just one of those big, faceless corporations, and they just make. You know. God knows that how in touch they are, maybe they think that's a good idea. I, don't know, they've got algorithms and guys with charts and by the way, I want to say, like I'm, talking specifically about competitive games like mobile games, especially like it's fine to buy [ __ ]. If it you have to monetize it I'm not saying like across the board, but when you have like a competitive game when people with more I guess that's the moral quandary. It's like you have a competition and people with more income get an edge, it's kind of lame to give them that it ruins. It does ruin the integrity of the game yeah, it does ya know. Do you actually get like an edge by being Darth, Vader or Luke? They I, yeah, I, think there's also Bible items that that make you better at your character. Oh I played the first one and I just remember that you would get them like as an item like you'd like run up to it and you would get I think they changed that oh I, don't know. I haven't played this game. Yeah I really can't comment on it. Yeah. Well, this [ __ ] interesting I've got a ton of videos to watch, but we've covered logging around there pretty long going right. Oh we've covered a lot of ground. My friends never talked about Jim Carrey, oh well, you want to talk about it. It's great I loved it yeah I loved it too we're talking about the Netflix. Let's say what we're talking about: okay, the documentary on Netflix about Jim Carrey's role as Andy Kaufman. Ah, you remember what it's called man on the moon: no, no, the documentary! Oh! It's called like as you like, Andy yeah, Jim and Andy yeah yeah, and so as he's talking about how playing this role as as him changed like changed him, yeah and I, don't know it's [, __ ]! It definitely got me thinking because I he's just talking about how he like the underlying messages like he got everything he wanted and he was still unhappy. Yeah definitely I mean I, it's a time old tale. Isn't it but I tell you yes coming from Jim I guess it's especially Jim Carrey, like the funniest man. One of those quotes that got me so hard. He was like I played the guy who had no worries. So then other people wouldn't have to be worried or say. Yeah and I was like that's, throw a little convenient but I tell you he's just I. Don't know it just met I! Think it's funny. Cuz half the stuff he was saying. I was like right on that makes sense. The other half I was like you're insane yeah, you didn't break character for like see, I was insane yeah. There was definitely like, and you can see that before our new are like kind of cringing. I know it's funny, because it's like it's Jim, Carrey you're supposed to be like wow. What a method actor it's like Jim, you don't gotta be in character. It was really interesting, though yeah really interesting, I I think it's like I think he really did Channel and to him Andy Kaufman, because the whole thing was about how he never knew he was you never know when to stop yeah. He would take the character so far that you never knew what was real and what was what was fake and the fact that they recorded it makes it yeah like another face on its own. The fact that he was having a documentary and crew with him. The whole thing was like a performance yeah yeah I mean he was very aware of that I think, probably less than he leads on in the documentary. Have you seen man on the moon, I actually I have I've seen it. Yeah I mean apparently it's quite good. Yeah I can't uh yeah I read the article all right, yeah, all right, all right, well, I mean I'm. A couple slices tomorrow comes to you had a few too many we would go to it was in the freezing cold. You know it wasn't. We see that we had some great night, some great what one you know, what, if I ever come back on this I'll, just compile all that crazy [ __ ] yeah and bring it so you, so the people can see that a year be special little cassette, yeah, all right, let's go get drunk I need some pizza guys. Thank you John! Thank you so much for coming. Thank you having me thanks for don't appreciate and I love, I love, you saying right back at you, I think that I think very highly I think you're a great guy and you're too, not the way you do and right back at you thanks man guys. Thank you. Everyone for tuning in spending your day with us. We love you. We appreciate you for coming by next week is what I say: Philip DeFranco wild sprinkle on Friday gonna post the thread to post your questions for the guy. Looking forward to see you guys, then thank you for tuning in and watching yeah. Thanks for watching, see you guys next time, Tata.