[Music] welcome to the h3 podcast extravaganza. That's right! We're an extravaganza! Now, thank you to 23andme posts, mates and hims for sponsoring us, and thank you to everybody for joining us today. On this beautiful blessed, Friday boy do I love Fridays. We started taking the weekends off and I just kidding, Fridays now mmm happy Friday to everyone watching we've got a lot to discuss today. We're very excited: we've got some Chane updates. We've got some Pappajohn updates. We've got some buffing updates. We've talked previously about a guru for goofus slap, a slap, a boo from goombah slap and Ian. The intern has prepared for us one of his notorious and much celebrated PowerPoint presentation on deciphering, the meaning of Kanye West wow. That's a big task. Oh but I know it wasn't up for it, but before we get into all that, I've got a little announcement, not really an announcement. Just something I wanted to talk about, but it may be. That ela is, is there's a new thing of the thickening. It was gonna, be thickening up here soon. What does that mean? What I'm trying to say is that ela won't be drinking alcohol if she's responsible, what I'm trying to say read podcast extra. No, that's me sorry, I. How long is that going? Oh, it just started like just now. You turned it off of me: okay and flashback. [Laughter], there's two stripes she's cooking, something up anyone. It's a cinnamon roll with frosting man yeah! It's weird [Laughter], there's something going on [Music]! Well, it's we! We don't know yet. If anything's gonna go wrong, she's pregnant, less pregnant I have been I've, been squirting an ela for years, I mean I'm. Just going frankly, like we've been I've been I've, been you know what I'm saying and depend on. We've talked about it, a lot on the podcast. So it's a natural extension of our efforts to get ela knocked up and I have been a fully unsheathed about New Year's dick has been out and flirting we did the test. We did everything but I'll say that we got what happened naturally in just the good old-fashioned way. He had sex yeah, you know, I know it is gross I, don't know, I, don't know I. Don't feel about it well, just like two days ago, two days ago we found out yeah and ela- she would admit, was a couple of days late on her period and her boobs were raw. How would you say tender what your boobs were tender? It just hurts. I, don't know, get some tender s pity, but anyway, that's like what happens when you're getting in the period and I remember. It was like a week earlier, like oh I'm, getting my period yeah and the night before I was like maybe you're pregnant jokingly, yeah and I was like actually I already checked, and it was negative all right, but it wasn't your first idea, the more didn't do it right, yeah yeah, but it's interesting cuz, the last two months. We kind of didn't really try we're like [ __ ], this [ __ ] whatever. If it happens, it happens and we're just not gonna pay attention and, of course that's when it happened so funny, yeah, of course, and I don't wanna feel about I'm scared, I, don't know how they feel about it. It's terrifying, I'm, more scared than you cuz. You gotta [ __ ], it yeah I have utmost respect for that. I'm telling you that and people always say like don't tell until I, don't know for months, I, don't know it's like it, but then you're gonna see that I'm pregnant like was just superstitious, yeah or but you had a really good point about, because people think that maybe something will go wrong, but it's like. If that happens, then why I'm not supposed to talk about it like it's a secret yeah, exactly you just carry this like sad thing: yeah I'm good and you don't tell you can't because I guess the theory is I. Think first of all, people are superstitious mm-hmm. Second of all, for those that don't know in the first, like I, don't know couple months, it's very common that you can have a miscarriage and I didn't know, don't know yeah, because it's like you don't talk about it. Why not talk about like you'll say when you're sick he'll talk about it yeah or if you have to do a surgery? So why is that? Like? Oh you're right and it's a it's a sad thing? It's a vulnerable thing and it's kind of sucks to just carry that silently with you, I mean yeah, but I I, guess. The theory is that yeah people probably just are superstitious about it and then yeah, maybe it happens. Sometimes people have like many miscarriages mm-hmm. It could happen like five times and you're like oh [, __, ] I got to do this whole thing like but ELA approach me a couple days ago and she's like eath I was in bed just looking at the news or something she's like Ethan. We got a problem or something and I didn't answer for a minute, yeah, just kind of groggy. You said something like two stripes yeah and I was like no way yeah. When I did the test, I felt like I felt like there's no way like oh yeah y-you know the boys can swim. It's good to know, though, because it was kind of where I was worried, that you know you worried, that's what's wrong. What's going on, you know why can't I I can't why can't they? It ended up taking birth control, like maybe almost two years ago, at this plant, so it could be that can take a while yeah, but so my so it worked, the boys can swim, the girls can catch and the team is functioning. You know ela started like a week ago before we knew she was preggers. She was like I'm hungry, like yeah. She started eating, she had pizza and she's like and I have to tell you this, but this was shitty pizza and I'm, not one to say that, because pizza and my opinions like sex, when it's good it's great and when it's bad, it's pretty good, but no I'm like this pizza is kind of sucky and he'll is like really. This is the best pizza I've ever had and I'm. Just not that good, but I. Think elos, starting to get hungry yeah even happens that early, but I can't I have been I. Don't know, we said you feel something going on in your stomach. Yeah feel like things are moving in my stomach. It's a [, __ ], baby dude. So anyway, so guys don't tell anyone yeah, don't tell anyone please, until 10 weeks, it's between all of us and I, don't know how to feel about it, and we've been trying for a while, but I was like just so used to not getting. Pregnant. I was like oh cool I was like cool man, [ __ ] that [ __ ]. But now how am I gonna take care of a kid when I'm, so dysfunctional ela believes I mean that's all that matters well anyway, Neil is pregnant, so there you have it that long. Yep! Thank you. That is true. That's how I feel so we thought we'd share that happy news with everybody and thank you for joining us on this blessed Friday. To share this beautiful, wonderful news me inside internally, [Laughter], let's move on, we've got Shane. Now the Shane documentary we had talked about in a previous episode and I give Shane all the credit in the world. I mean this. Guy has pioneered a new form of content on you. Okay and he's had this incredible fan base and he the numbers are just like unfresh. That has six hundred thousand likes when a tweet yeah. What is going on yeah, it's wild, so I mean obviously hats off to the to the guy he's a friend of the show, even though, even though, even though he betrayed me, after all, we've been through okay cut, you were not yet we'll get there nyah, let's at least get into a little bit before the Papa father yeah exactly and reliving the memory of that great betrayal anyway. So he goes on as we touched on in the last step. So the chain starts exploring this theory. What, if Logan is the sociopath and Jake is living in the shadow of Logan? The sociopath took a weird turn. We just all became about it, who is a sociopath and right like well. The next episode was him sitting for, like 40 or 50 minutes with a therapist and super dramatic kind of she's, really dramatic. It's kind of trying to diagnose him, and anyway, Logan Paul made a response. Video and I mean a lot of people have been criticizing Shane for his kind of the way that he's been trying to diagnose him, because he does this funny anything. That's there he's a really good at yeah, where they created this like horror, they create an atmosphere attention and that it was very good they're good at it, but it's like you're also talking about something serious you're talking about a real person. You're talking about mental health, and we know it's big Paul logo Paul, which are like the -. You know Daria YouTube, but regardless I'm, not even trying to make a serious point about channel I, don't I, honestly I'm, not here to refute or talk about any I. Honestly Logan Paul made a response. Video and it's given us through us all here, one of the best gems that have ever come across this platform, and so this to me was what was most important to share with you guys I'll. Let Logan speak for himself now he he goes on the record he's and he actually says: I'm, not a sociopath, but I do have sociopathic tendencies, which is interesting. It sounds like he's been diagnosed the way he talks about it because he's very knowledgeable and he goes you're not either a sociopath or not a sociopath. It's a sliding scale and some people have more sociopathic tendencies, yeah others, but he goes on to say something that really resonated with me and made me really understand what he meant by that. So I'll share it with you guys now, there's a sociopathic mark jobs, no Steve, Zuckerberg, Mark, Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs. A lot of people, especially youtubers and strain touched on this. You can't just say like you're, a sociopath. The word I would like to use is sociopathic tendencies. So a lot of us me included we'll do some thumb should be some stuff that lacks empathy strictly for views right. It gets us views which gets the subscribers. A motivating factor is to reach the next next next level. Sociopath is boil down someone who is just more savage than everyone else. I know it sounds so that's it I mean that's pretty much a clinical definition of sociopaths somebody who is more savage than everybody else and I think Logan. For that definition and I, just think and I'm just happy that that's in the world Logan Paul saying it's just someone, that's more savage than everybody else. Double dab, double dab will do ya. Motivating factor is to reach the next next next level. Sociopath is boil down someone who is just more savage than everyone else. I know it sounds I. Just I have double with that I'm having trouble with comparisons. I was making it cool for his fans. Cuz they're, always like savage yeah. That's what so savage means cool right in his world yeah. So a sociopath I think a case. Antisocial personality disorder, which is someone that lacks empathy. Someone who has a Jenner I mean there again, I'm, not gonna. Do it's not a it's not generally, it's not I want to call it sad, come on call it savage necessarily, you know maybe a psycho and then Ethan did you go to psychology school cuz I am NOT, a I am NOT a trained professional. It sounds to me it does some very clinical yeah that it sounds like something you're here in a classroom. This whole argument, though, that between him and Shane, like it's just I, feel like which shouldn't be this whole thing about self, diagnosing and I feel like even Logan's. Definition is wrong because I was trying to read about it online and educate myself a little bit before I came into this podcast and apparently sociopathy isn't even a clinical term. The real clinical term is antisocial personality disorder, and it's just this whole messy thing: I, don't like that, it's just I, don't know, but everyone always just googling and self-diagnose yeah and like but anyway, Logan's defending himself. He does make a lot of good points in here, but a sociopath is basically some of this more savage, so I'm gonna add that's through the wiki page yeah. Essentially, we need to add that to the clinical definition, but it's someone that lacks empathy, someone's very manipulative someone that doesn't I mean they lack empathy. They cannot relate with human emotion, so it enables them to do more callous things that many of us would not feel comfortable doing from an empathetic standpoint and so I guess that would make them literally more savage and a psychopath, which is a problem. Shane kept comparing saying a sociopath in a psychopath with the same playing and implying I. Don't think he said it's the same thing, but he wasn't very clean and but like he kept mixing them up at some point, yeah. Well, he would say sociopaths and then he would show Psychopaths on the screen and like someone with a knife, so I was reading about this trying to figure out what is the difference. So actually all psychopaths are sociopaths, but a psychopath is a more severe version of a sociopath. They tend to be more violent, they tend to be more criminal and they tend to be more ruthless mm-hmm. A sociopath can still have bonds with like family members and strong friends but random people and did they meet on the street. They do not have any empathy for at all mm-hmm, so there is a distinction, but this implication that they're, all you know, creepy murderers yeah is not is not true, but at any rate, at any rate, that's that, then there was a part at the end of Shane's new I'm checking out on this on this documentary. Honestly, it's so long -, it's a lot, but this part made me uncomfortable I'm, not gonna lie so here he's teasing this one's called the enemies of Jake Paul and he is teasing in the next episode. This therapist that he sat down with is gonna, go undercover as a producer secretly they're not gonna, tell Jake Paul so that she can study him all day and make a diagnosis of him. It seems kind of unethical I mean I'm, so here dad the whole thing is making me uncomfortable honestly. He Shane does acknowledge that I mean he knows that it's weird still gonna do it, but anyway, here it is and she's there too whole time. I, don't think he's going to be like themselves. I think he's gonna be comfortable, I think he's going to be kind of a fake, so I came up with a plan. It sounds really shady plan is I'm gonna pretend to be he's going to be watching like that's how she makes her diagnosis like she's. This is her all day. I just love the image of this therapist with them all day like this, just looking at the side of her vision at them. Anyway, it's free weights, tray I, don't know man, it's just strange. Like I mean what do you think well, first of all, let me say this: Jake specifically is cool, so there you go I, don't know, I didn't like I. Think it's unnecessary, because if you, if she went like Jake, would still be himself over a long day. You know if they're at his house, well I guess you'll put on a show for like five minutes, but eventually he'll be himself. A sociopath apparently is capable and well aware of the facade that they put on mm-hmm. Actually, what I read is that a psychopath, so a sociopath generally is more messy and how they present themselves to the world, but a psychopath is extremely efficient that they can have a mask up all the time, even under stress and duress, so that they never let their guard down yeah. So it is one of the attributes. But that being said, I really don't think I really don't think Jake is a sociopath yeah, it's yeah I. The thing is, he didn't really need this whole angle. I would have been interested in just one a really sincere look into Jake Paul's life like I. Don't know why the day with him, yeah I, don't know that we needed this really dramatic, mm-hmm angle of sociopathy yeah. You know PewDiePie made a beauty buddy. He made some good points about a really long video, but he was like when they were talking about sociopathy him and the therapist were saying that it was like a key--and gross yeah, I. Guess a I, don't know what do I know, but it's getting bizarre ahh mmm, it's a wild ride, man. This is some wild new territory. Here people are loving, it yeah and the thing is it's Jake Paul, so it's hard for anyone to be like it's very difficult. Ever take Jake or Logan sight, like Logan, made a very reasonable response to to Shane's video and has yeah he did like I was I was feeling kind of bad it like here, like they're down votes is like 130 thousand down and he didn't really say anything worthy of a down, though personally my that's the world we live in. Hmm, that's the tube we tube in so uh I'm, not gonna lie I'm gonna watch it I'm gonna watch it. It seems unethical, but I'm gonna watch them what else we got. Cavanaugh Cavanaugh this [ __ ] guy, this Cavanaugh guy he's trying to get on Supreme Court again, there's a lot of politics going on here, you guys probably heard of Cavanaugh and how he was accused of all this sexual misconduct, which is sexual misconduct. That's a nice way of saying rape kind of, but regardless of what he did or didn't do, I, don't know my only interest in this. My friends is the fact that they are arguing over what is a booth. Now boo thing is a big part of this show. As you may recall, we have been trying to get to the bottom of what a booth is for a long time. I feel bad for the right into the equation: a booth and a goof and the gaff is a laugh. What happens if you boof a goof? Now we were wondering: what's a booth and Eric from common etiquette came in with a definition, as we were wondering what is a booth and I? Look it up? It's not actually word, but you found it on urban dictionary. Hell yeah the best, which is the perfect place, to define something like this apparently and correct me. If your definition is wrong, it's when you shove drugs up your ass. When you go to a rave or dance party, you booth it in yes, we're on the same page. That's act so actually I've got a revived that definitional that I'm pretty sure it means taking drugs up the ass, because what I've heard, because apparently the the anus, the colon is a very absorb absorb if absorptive and so drinking is like, you know, and it's like you do an enema. We don't it's like this. You know this mean where it's like I sleep, I I'm awake, so drinking alcohol in the mouth, I sleep, booting, alcohol in your ass I'm awake refers to flatulence, yes, so, basically the same anus, sucks and as way more membrane. So if you're taking any kind of illicit drug, you put it up the ass Bowl and you all gonna be get taking that one great ride ticket to Valhalla. If you're willing to do that, you don't have to taste it, you don't have to encounter any bad. So you just boof it right up there. What do you shotgun a beer up? Your ass I, don't know how that works. I heard there was kids that were dipping vodka or tampons in vodka and then shoving it up. There I'd get drunk it's like Jesus drink like a shot, it's drinking, but apparently you get drunk quicker and it's a pleasant experience, but I just I love. You know, postpones really good at shotgunning beers and are fasiqun boo-bear bar man. Yeah didn't a friend of the show steve-o in one of those Jackass movies moved a beer out of like a beer, bong yeah. That's what I'd like to see postponed. Oh I, think that's the rock star that I just like to imagine someone on their back with their cheeks out and a bunch of Bros shoving that tube up dude's ass vaseline ended up by Tyra Banks and just boof, and a beer right up the stink hole. What was Tara banks - she's, the Vaseline goddess? No, was she in your picture? She they use Vaseline from her. Oh it's, the good stuff. If Austin's gonna be buffing, any beers make sure he gets the best Vaseline to lube that anus up, because that's probably so much easier to prove then drinking it. But at any rate, let's watch. Let's watch a future. Supreme Court Justice discuss goofing, and this is the greatest time have you? How do you pronounce that refers to flatulence? No, it does not refer to flatulence. Oh, we all know, even if you supporting this guy, you know that this guy is not talking about flatulence, so fart farting yeah when an opinion guys and again I'm, not taking sides I'm, not throwing my chips, I, don't I'm so over politics, okay, I'm here for the boof's and the goose, but we all know all of us watching even those of you whose or Cavanaugh and everything he does you know or whatever, what the [ __ ] ever. You know what a booth is, and this man did they ever get to what a goof is. They didn't ask that wish I? Was there I'll tell him? What is a goof define a goof, it's kind of hard to define? It's a laugh. It's a giggle! It's a giggle, hey this guy. If he goes down for lying about what a booth is this country perjury now with eight America great again, I mean he lied to the Senate. I mean right here. We all know what it's perjury of the highest order: we've all everyone here, who's a fan of this podcast and listens here, regular basis in your deposition that they ask you to define what a meme is very similar moment. Meme is kind of hard to define. Yeah a booth has a very literal definition. It's not a flatulent refers to flatulence. No, it does not but I'm saying that we've all here who've been a fan and washed along and learned along with us. We all learned together what is boo, f---ing yeah, and this judge he wants to sit on the highest court in the world. He committed perjury over what it means to put beer up his ass. Hmm. He should go down for that I'm saying if you're actually I've never heard that yeah, it seems like a nice word for farting yeah he's went to Yale, so he's not allowed to say fart. Yes, it's a flatulence, but one of you was just like that's when you put beer up your ass, the I believe you look, I was 15, I was 16 years old. We were young boys, it's a joke. It's what happens it's putting beer up your ass I think that would get him more credit with people. Absolutely that guy's telling the [ __ ] truth! Yeah, you wouldn't lie about that. I mean I, guess he was trying to be more candid. He kept trying to downplay his drinking. So that's what it was he's always trying to be like. Oh nothing, and there has anything to do with drinking look dude. You put some you at you and you took some beer up. The ass I get him and we're all gonna have fun. You were young man at the time yeah. By the way, this guy's name is mr. Whitehouse. Wonder what kind of job that guy's after imagine having a president called mr. White House President White House this just in from the White House and someone's like over John and Papa John's Papa John Pappajohn at Papa, John's, Papa, John anyway, I just loved that boo thing has been the center of a national controversy and I had to acknowledge it. So judge. Hmm shouldn't lied about the boo thing, Jabar first, a flatulence who does not absolutely does not everyone. Listening. You goddamn walnut does not so up. Next we've got Ian the intern, the wonderful beloved by all he has got a presentation. Kanye has been all over the news. People have been waiting, yeah Kanye's been up to a lot, and you guys may not know this about he and the intern, but them he is a huge Kanye fan. He is aced, he's actually even written a screenplay about Kanye's like yeah yeah. You know that no he's, he is I mean he's obsessed, it's a little weird, so he has come with a presentation and I'm super excited. I mean everything in put together is gold. After that that's coming up after the break, then we got a Papa John update. We got all kinds of fun stuff, including this check. This out open, John Oblates are my favorite updates God every time. It's amazing and this times no exception a dream. Cruise on Australia was ruined by 1300 Indian men partying from a tobacco company that brought Playboy Bunnies with them and ruined the boat ride for everybody. We got footage. We got everything you need to enjoy that story, so we're gonna, throw it to a commercial break and when we come back and your boy is going to be here with all the Kayne updates that you could ever want and so much more stay tuned 23andme is a DNA testing service that can offer insights into your ancestry, health, wellness and traits. My dudes I love. This thing, man, you spit in a cup you send it off. Some dude in the office throws it in his mouth and then he tells you everything you need to know about you, I'm just kidding I, don't think that's how they do it, but you do spit in a vial. You send it off to a bunch of scientists. They crunch the numbers and they tell you all this interesting stuff about you, like your weight, your sleep quality caffeine intake sense of taste, whether you are likely to be lactose, intolerant and so much and if you're likely to die from Alzheimer's or not, which is a really fun one. But it's been done, it's good to know, and it's easy to do the bitter taste report. Here's some interesting ones, do you prefer sweet or salty foods. Dna can play a role in determining your food preferences and that's interesting sleep report. Are you a deep sleeper? Are you a light sleeper? Are you likely to move during your sleep? It's all in that vial of spit folks, saturated fat weight report based on your genetics may. Are you likely to be a big fat fatty from that fat or like Elon Escape? We have different dimensions and, frankly it's not it's. Not your fault. Remember that scene from Good, Will Hunting. That's me! That's one two three and meets with their hand on my shoulder going Ethan: it's not your phone, it's not your fault, lactose intolerant, hey! They got it all and so much more. They can tell you about what your background is from your geographical background, yeah Italian, you're French. What are you let's find out alien, I Italian, let's find out right now head on over at 23andme. This is interesting, fascinating, stuff, you're, gonna learn all about yourself. It's so awesome go to 23andme, dot-com / h3! That's two three: the numbers: two three and me.com / h3 imaginal world. Where on your phone you can order anything you want at any time of the day any day of the year. That's what posts mates gives you that's the power of post, mates, I, love posts, mates, I, love posts, mix, it's the best thing. That's ever been invented. Here's how it works. You just download the Hat 24 hours a day 365 year. Postman's will bring you whatever you want. Within that hour, you can even see where your food is and track your driver to make sure. There's no effing funny be business. Like a personal assistant, it's basically yeah a freelance personal assistants. That's right! You look very good analogy. You forgot eggs. You forgot milk, no effin problem, craving a tasty burger check. Looking for some beer, some cigarettes, you know what I mean. Okay, that's just it's nice when you're, like man, I'm, I'm, drunk and I'm at home, I want a frozen pizza and some cigarettes. That's what post mates is all about. Oh, oh I want some front on this food app, but my favorite restaurant doesn't deliver polish mates. Does every time all right, post mates? Is your new long-term munchies booty call. They wrote that not me I just want to make that clear. But it's a good point. That's a good analogy. You do not get to [ __ ] your driver, though that is not part of the deal. So for a limited time, post mates is giving you $100 of free delivery. Credit for your first 7 days. So to start your free deliveries, download the app today and use code h3, that's code, h3 for $100, a free delivery credit for your first 7 days. Save the hassle, get the food. You love fast at boats, mates with code h3, listen! Sometimes we can all use a little help and some people more than others. Okay, here's! What's the deal sexual performance issues, it's more common than you think, over 25% of new EDD cases are guys under the age of 40 and 40% of men by age, 40 struggle with not being able to get their dick rock-hard like they used to be able to get it, and even the world's greatest actors can't fake one. That's right! Even Tom Cruise can't fake having an erection. I, don't know what Tim he's, not the best actor, the Marlin who's, the best actor in the world. He can't fake an erection. Why do you guys Leo DiCaprio? He doesn't help get an erection. I got rock thrown rock hard. Why do guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when they can turn to medicine and science? My dudes, this is the real deal. We've got well known generic equivalents, to name repre scription, to help you combat and fight this erectile disfunction epidemic. We as men need our dicks rock-hard and ready to [ __ ]. Okay, these are prescriptions back to by science. There's no waiting room, there's no awkward! In-Person doctor visit old wines, you're saving ours by going to four hems dot-com slush h-3. It's so easy! Sorry, it's h3 IDI! It's so easy answer. A few quick questions and chat with the doctor for confidential review products are shipped directly to your door. Severe IDI isn't just an issue for rich old guys in bathtubs. Why are they in bathtub? It affects men's in their 30s and their 40s doing whatever you do, I, don't I, don't take a bath I'm no I haven't taken a bath since I was 5 being your best means performing your best. It's a wreck tile without the dysfunction folks made hard say, stay hard, say hello to your little friend by going to trip by going to 4, hems fo r, hims, comm, /h, 3 EB, and today you can try a month supply for just $5 will get you started for just 5 bucks, while supplies last so see the website for all details. This will usually cost you hundreds of bucks, a doctor of pharmacy. That's for hims comm, /h, 3 Edie get your dick rock [ __ ] argh. Welcome back everybody [Music] we're here within the intern, who has prepared with us another of his classic PowerPoint presentations. Thank you so much again for taking the time put that together. First, how are you I'm doing good I've been working on this a long long day? It's your life at work, it's the culmination of your life's work. The culmination of the full 24 hours for sure are, you are a kanye mega fan. Is that correct to say yeah I'd, probably say top 100 top one on your fans in the world, I'd say so! That's so you know anyone disputes that you try. Try me so the only way you could be a bigger fan is kind of by stalking him and waiting on to his house and attempting to murder and wearing his skin yeah. So you're you're, just one step under us, a psychopathic murderer, yeah excellent good. Now, whatever is sociopaths I? Don't we shouldn't get anything yeah? Now it's not the time or place. It was a therapist. Fine. Now tell me: what is it about Kayne that intrigued? Do you well, let me say: are you fans of anyone else or Kanye? Like he's your guy there's a lot of people I like, but he's definitely he's your guy yeah and what is it about Kayne that that you love so much that I choose? You he's probably the only person in pop culture that I'd get close to saying like role model he's a role model. Whatever were the attributes that you look up to of his like? How is Blaine honesty, the gets him in a lot of trouble, but he feels like one of the only authentic evil and like everything he thinks, even though you know some of it is stupid. Mm-Hmm he doesn't hesitate to let you know all of his flaws or all of his issues and that's more relatable to me than everyone else. He's authentic yeah yeah. Definitely, and we see all the faults and the cracks and all that interest, and it's it's like you know everyone's like that, but he's like one of the few races or even enough to be like yeah. This is this is how I am and I'm kind of you know and you're a fan of his music. Obviously yeah yeah, no he's great he's your favorite musician as well as artists, yeah yeah. Have you seen his sex day? Wait he never made it on video. Oh did you have you seen on using immigrations sex tape, yeah yeah? What do you think about it? Any good? It's not good! It's not that good! All these celebrity sex tapes are so underrated. It's like do you think that she intentionally released that right. It's like not quite sure, but it's true, that that sex tape was kind of what put her on the map right. It definitely helped before that, and then she was really close with Paris Hilton in those circles. Instead, I think I saw on pornhub that the Kim Kardashian sex tape has like over a hundred million views, crazy yeah. No, it's like massive on there. It's pretty wild okay, you've seen it yeah I mean okay, yeah I mean you're, not missing much it's just it's a lot of like dude POV right yeah, it's just it's bad bad angles. You just can really enjoy the show, as they say how many times have you watched it more than often just like them every once in a while. No, not even recently, I'd like multiple times well now, I respect Kim in the fan. You don't watch it anymore. No, but before how many times have you seen it more than five times or less than five times less be honest, honestly, I'd say less III would tell you truth like with like three three four yeah. Well, obviously, halves I mean you have to be crazy to watch the whole thing and are you a fan of Kim Kardashian as much as yeah, not as nowhere near but I've come to like her through Kanye? Do you see what he finds in her like the yeah? What is well that's another. Both of these people are so hated like, like vitriolic like Yuri, right and I. Think it's it's. You know a little unnecessary she's like everything she just did getting that woman out of prison. That was very cool and she's actively. It's weird there's pictures of her just she's going to the White House now kind of semi-regular hanging out and trying to she has a whole lid. I was trying to [ __ ], her oh yeah. Let's get started into the. What is then, what is this Kanye? What verse the world? What are we calling this uh Kanye decoded Kanye, decoded Wow yeah? Well my hand, hey man go right in so Jobs Ford, Edison, ok, Disney, I, see where this is goin, Stein Picasso. How many of these? How many please please I'm in the middle of something here Shakespeare and they were Warhol. Thank you. I forgot for a second von schweetz Dora, the Explorer von schweetz, apparently vanellope von rodriguez song start here in da Vinci. You know Hughes Phelps. Did you rehearse this Socrates I'm getting to a thing Tesla, you know Michelangelo there. Oh, my god, Hawking are you trolling me? Is their presentation or is it just we're getting there getting there Beethoven Jackson mm-hmm buddy the elf, not not Will Ferrell, they know, but he's West. Are you with me so far, I think. So what is it you're? Trying to say and great mind these are all people Kanye's compared himself to Wow. Okay. So you definitely you had a thing here: yeah, there's this reason behind the madness. Okay, so ya know the elf. What did you what's? Who was that a Disney yeah? Oh von schweetz yeah? Why did he compare self the von schweetz he said cuz if you've seen record Ralph? Yes, she like is that she's The, Glitch, mm-hmm Kanye, says I'm the ghoulish village we're gonna decode that right yeah and you know that is what we're trying to do for the matrix. Kanye decoded didn't political affiliation. Mm-Hmm a lot of people are upset about. You know this guy's recent activities, absolutely ow it kind of kicked off. A few weeks ago he announced his new album yandi mm. He said it was coming out. September 29th yandi is Kanye and Gandhi. Oh, that's not a bold claim and here's the album cover it's similar to his album from 2013 yeezus. So this is the yeah he's making a play on words that he's some kind of Savior, but this he actually believed that, because he is has manic states does he believe he is uses, probably in those states. He's gets close, especially recently he's on this whole love thing I'm talking about, but so he releases this September 29th and then I gave it a little spin. They're very nice SNL announced that he would be the host on the 29th or he'd be the musical guest. So everyone assumed okay, he's gonna come play, some new songs, the album will come out so first song I'm sure you saw this performance again. I love it yeah. It's catchy little Park in my head song, one we're having fun yeah, we're having fun out here, song, 2, so cool, so cool are those your summaries. Oh yeah, that's my review, you know came out played a song called. We got love it's great or equal song. Three liberals can't control me hmm takes a turn hold on, takes a turn and hang on people weren't quite happy about it. He launched into a speech at the end of he was playing ghost town and then NBC cut the stream Wow. They cut him off. Yeah I haven't seen this and some some people are saying. Oh, it was just because they ran out of time, but it was right before he launched in this speech and someone recorded it who was back stable, they cut it, it never got aired yeah [Music], here's, a recording from one of his main producers, who was backstage, see the cast laughing in the background control program. Thank you. Thanks fellas s yeah he was off there he's killing it. No that can't be true, yeah la New, York writers, rappers musicians. So it's easy to make. It seem like it's so so so one-sided and they're just stuck up there. Yeah they've never held it held them hostage a little bit, also they're very anti-trump, so it's kind of bitching them out too yeah [Applause]. You know what I thought that was a beautiful authentic tender moment and it's a real goddamn shame. They cut him off like that. It kind of gives you context to why he's wearing this hat right kind of feel like they should have capped it in it or not. Really I mean it is obviously very provocative, but I understand I appreciate the point he's trying to make of like stepping across the aisle and seeing people as people and not because it's so easy from the left to right to just demonize and that's what they do, because I was a lot of left-wing media like Jimmy Kimmel and the Stephen Colbert's, and all these guys and they're. Just they talk about and Bill Maher. They talk about the other side like they're, just monsters, you know, Bill Maher is the only one that actually will have a conversation with that aside. Yes, but like Jimmy Kimmel treats them like they're monsters, yeah, so I appreciate the sentiment yeah and there was another part: I, don't know where it went but where he said, like you, guys kind of go at Trump like a little too hard and it's nonstop and it doesn't really help anything yeah. So he told him as well like I love. How he's like? Thank you for a platform and they're like dude, we pulled the plug yeah they're, like we gotta, get this guy out here. Man I feel bad yeah. Well, I'm glad that somebody recorded it yeah all right. I have a pail of people, reacted to that clip, not great, not great, no there's another one that everyone saw. First, Chris Rock was in the audience and he was filming it and he's just laughing and my Chris Rock filmed it. What a weird twist yeah on his Instagram story, and you could hear him chuckling and being like. Oh my god! Well, what do you expect this Kanye West yeah? You know that's it's weird that he would have they're surprised, yeah, but also I, find it I, find it a little bit rude and condescending to laugh at a guy who's trying to express himself authentically yeah. It's like listen to the guy. You know what I'm saying that's kind of the point that he's making, because just because he's wearing that hat he's immediately labeled like a joke, and it's like why can't anyone work like 50% of the country apparently supports Donald, Trump and rocks that hat. So why is it like that, when you that hat it's like wearing a swastika or some [ __ ]? It's like that's the those your neighbors yeah, the Hat is it's getting such like a visceral, immediate response from people, and then they don't want to dig deeper but again, I'm sure, there's I feel like I'm, maybe supporting that too much because then there's a lot of people like well, he said I'm not saying one. Were the other I appreciate the act of trying to reconcile these very fractured country that we live in I mean I. Had that immediate reaction, when I saw him with the Hat on the show, I was like oh yeah. That was my first view, but it's all just like. Oh we're all so sick of politics too. It's like just [ __ ], make music and entertain us cuz, there's also people that are like oh well he's only doing that because he doesn't really care he's just he's in the headlines again and I. Don't believe that yeah, because he kept doing after his last album case by having a lot of [ __ ] for it yeah so the day after that, then he posts his photo. That's the two-five Instagram and the caption. This represents good in America becoming whole again. We will no longer outsourced to other countries. We build factories here in America and create jobs, we'll provide jobs for all who are free from prisons as we abolish the Thirteenth Amendment message sent with love, I'm, not sure the Trump said anything about peace and luring people from prison, yeah he's and then this got him in some trouble. Cuz yeah this this is this is less about. This is more political. This is like I'm, a I support, Donald Trump yeah, and then he said, abolish the Thirteenth Amendment, which is the one that you know ended slavery. But then there's like a section of that that says, except for prisons yeah and he later said, I meant the word amended. It's like bro, you gotta, you gotta refine, like you got it. No that doesn't come off good yeah with them with a mag ahead, yeah and I. Think he's still trying to be like this. A lot of people pointed out that, like the Magna hat has a label that says made in China, and so it's like, if you want to start their movement well, you know, there's this great clip of when Donald was running for the Republican nominee yeah. He went on Jimmy Kimmel. It was so great and Kimmel had a bunch of Trump ties and there was a label made in China. You know yeah. So then the response to this here's a couple realities, Evans, captured American games, Captain America done with a lot of life. He jumped in 600,000 like yeah. So his response, there's nothing more maddening than debating someone who doesn't know. History doesn't read books and frames her myopia, as virtue the level of unapologetic conjecture. I've encountered lately isn't just frustrating it's retro, aggressive, unprecedented and absolutely terrifying that got 600,000 likes I, don't think people even understood I, don't like he got away too hard to sound smart. There yeah he went all-in. He he got the Webster's out. He fight yeah. That was straight-up sponsored by thesaurus.com seriously. 600,000 people slammed that I mean that's just such I mean I yeah and then Lana Del Rey commented. This one had like I was right under his photo. This one I'm like 30,000, won by the way I want to say it once again for the record, not I'm, not supporting in favor of Donald Trump and in fact, I want to say he definitely made it too political at that point. Yeah yeah, yeah I, didn't like that one. He cuz, then again, it's like oh we're talking about bringing it's like a I like I, like a gesture of healing the divide yeah. But then he made a political and using these talking points and I so I understand the backlash at that point should have kept a pure about here. Just you gotta, stick the why yeah I like it? Where he's like, don't scapegoat me just because I like this guy, along with 50% of the America, but now you got Chris Evans, going at the source, calm and writing a dissertation, a thesis, a doctor all on it, dr., America, okay, I, cannot believe 600,000 people pretended to understand what he just drove I. Can't you can't understand. No I can believe that they there's nothing more maddening than debating someone who doesn't know. History doesn't read books and frames their myopia as virtue what the level unapologetic conjecture, what the [ __ ] just say what you mean you do why you writing an essay on Twitter, the level of unapologetic and gesture of a Canon lady isn't just frustrating its retrogressive, unprecedented and absolute specially when you're gonna, like criticize it kind of for not being educated, then you come up with the I, can't be worried. I! Dare you to what about the dictionary? Indeed, without this we'd such a pompous fight like just [, __ ], say what you want to say: dude, you don't like what the guy says. You think he's uneducated and you know yeah. He definitely went a little overboard and then Lana Del Rey Trump becoming our president was a loss for the country, but your support of him is a loss for the culture. Mm-Hmm I can only assume you relate to his personality on some level. Delusions of grandeur, extreme issues with narcissism, none of which would be a talking point if we weren't speaking about the man leading our country. If you think it's alright to support someone who believes it's: okay to grab a woman by the [ __ ], just because he's famous, then you need an intervention as much as he does something so many narcissists will never get because there just isn't enough help for the issue message sent with concern that will never be addressed mm-hmm. So at a real beef, that's beef! She performed at his wedding. Well, oh so tell me: how do you feel about about what Kanye said as a fan and a student of his I think that I think that he's going about it? The completely wrong way right and I see what he's trying to do and I'm not gonna get like I. Think people aren't shocked because I was looking up like what celebrities actually endorsed Trump and it's a real row of characters he's like far in a way, the most relevant entertainer to everyone, Raj meatloaf and [ __ ], like that yeah like meatloaf, the first one was roseanne. That was the first one that popped up, no fair anyone saying yeah and like whole Cogan, you know so yeah I think people can't believe that, because no one else is even getting close to that conversation. Who is popular in rag yeah so and then the last one was from Questlove. He said you know we aren't even typing his name. I find it strange, he's a trend, and yet we are all typing the same thing for all that he's cancelled talk. There was an ounce of hope in our souls tonight, but all we got was well I'm kind of sad man that was about the SNL performance, so all three of those guys jumped in and then snoop snoop snoop, one in for the kill. This guy named DJ Pugh reposted the photo and said Magga music ain't. Getting attention so he's saying he's kind of promo sure and then snoop in the comments make your music again believe N word: oh yeah! Thank you! Music! Great again, yeah N word yeah with the a at the end, and then he called him Uncle Tom now Uncle Tom. For those of you don't know who's Hilda. No! Yes, there was a book I, don't remember what it was called right, but a fictional characters called Uncle Tom's Cabin, oh yeah, Uncle, Tom's Cabin, a black man that owned slaves, so he's betraying his own kind and other words yeah. So he said that, and here was a earlier post from him what the [ __ ]. This was from. When Kanye first put the hat on, he said the new Kanye. Well, all white now way to go. Dude edited him. You know so he's been mad at Connie for a while yeah after this one on the left, then Kanye went out and wore a picture of Snoop Dogg on his shirt and then immediately Snoop, Dogg, posted it and said forgiveness is everything so he won him over and then like and then I love. How the goop was like you Uncle Tom, which is kind of like the worst thing you could say to a another block. I mean that's that sounds lotta hatin all right, and then he just wears the shirt while still having them. I had yeah but I. But again it's a it's great. That's what he's you know he's trying to do, but I think Kanye beautifully disarmed that situation yeah and it worked yeah work, but I was like so who's forgiving. Who in that scenario you know what I mean snoop I guess it was forgiving Kanye because he were the first. He acknowledged him because that's you know, I'm going to use that move, I wrong, I'm, going to start wearing this shirt and then Trump tweeted after the SNL performance. Like many, you have a Trump. You had one last week the try like man, no like I, can do my best as Stephen Colbert doing Trump. That's nobody wants that. Like many I, don't watch Saturday, Night Live of a Trump, no, not a good. Like man I mean it's all, I, don't like many I, don't watch Saturday Night Live, even though I passed hosted it no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad, for the Dems word is that Kanye West, who put on a maggot, have to the show, despite being told no, was great he's leading the charge very cool, Kanye and very cool, so everyone's kind of going, but why? Why is he doing this? Why is he just you know tanking his legacy like this? No, no I! Can't it's a good, so you gotta go back to 2013. This isn't the first time he's done this a lot of people kind of forgot. He put out his album yeezus in June of 2013, and then he put out all of the merch and all of the merch was covered in the Confederate flag, wow, that's pretty racy, yeah literally, and so that was a huge thing at the time. Then I didn't see that yeah everything we were following Cayenne, so close, Oh kind of like until we met either I'm not supposed to be [, __, ], I, guess ain't. You yeah so a bunch of the merch had a lot of people were upset and here's a clip of him in 2013 explaining why he wore why he wore the Confederate flag, merch. The tour Mirchi I read, which I thought was kind of like, but people I feel like people just want to find something to get yeah. You know I just want to get all riled up about something, but it was about the tour merch and the Confederate flags and the skeleton imagery and things like that, and do you think people are overreacting with this react? How you want, like I, said it's making them reacting. Yes, sir energy, you got his good energy. You know the Confederate flag represented slavery in a way, the way, my my shot, I'm, that's why I strike take on what I know about it right so I made the song new slaves, so I took the Confederate flag and made it my flat. It's my flag. Now now go. Do I like yeah. That's great! That's a great! That's beautiful I love that yeah and then just this was the day before the SML performance, where he was explaining the maggot hat. So that's what he said yeah, but he [ __ ] it up when he started talking about political points. Yeah, that's! Definitely where it's getting muddled, that up yeah I think he started with this idea and then a bunch of sort of right. You know right-leaning people in media started reaching out to him and he started taking meetings with them and I think then they got in as me Brian he got some polluted yeah. He got some talking points from them and yeah. You know see there. You go he's becoming what he hates kind of isn't it true I think that he really I, don't think there's any maliciousness, no I know but he's becoming, but he's almost a pawn to the well whatever what the [ __ ] do. I know no, it's kind of like you know, right I'm people whispering in his ear and he's coming out. Yeah mm-hmm talking about you, know bringing jobs back or whatever, not that that's a bad thing, but it is a talking point yeah and then, let's see so that was from that thing, he's wearing a make America great again hat and then his sweatshirt is Colin Kaepernick. He keeps trying to do this duality thing god. These are all the people. He follows on Twitter, it's like Bernie, Sanders Trump, you know MA, and then he followed those two at the same exact time, Bernie and Trump, and then he followed Candace Owens, who is a Republican media personality and Emma Gonzalez, who is kind of she was leading that anti gray. He followed them at the exact same time to exact same time like yeah, it's like a median so he's trying to create he's, making everything a statement. Yeah only eight followers yeah, it's an exclusive club interesting some day. Wouldn't you get I in that Club yeah? Who is your opposite match? Yeah, fine, an emesis for you! Here's a tweet I haven't done enough research on conservatives to call myself or be called one I'm, just refusing to be enslaved by monolithic thought. Alright, here's a it's more of just him saying you know the Hat, it's not about policies, I'm, not a politician like that. It represents overcoming fear and doing what you felt no matter. What anyone said you can't bully me. Liberals can't bully me news, can't bully me. The hip-hop community can't believe me and here's Kim saying you know we would talk about policies and he doesn't agree with the policies he likes his personality and how he made it to be president, when everyone really underestimated him all right. He likes the dragon, energy yeah and here's one of his good friends after the after the performance. He has never said he agrees with Trump's policies, just the fact that no one would have thought Trump would be president meaning he did the unbelievable and that's the connection. Only him wearing the Hat is his choice and he feels he's stripping the power of hate that people give that hat by wearing it. He wants to love all no matter how they speak of him or whatever we don't agree with, because that's how God works God loves if he was trying to strip the power of hate that people give it by wearing it. He would he's never said that. No, not well. He said he put like positive energy into the Hat, but what is that means? It's like diamond water they run in, but he's like what, when asked about the energy yeah he's right, he washed it during water. When asked about the Confederate flag, he gave a very straightforward exclamation. He said this is represents slavery, and now it's mine, yeah, okay, well, yeah, okay, god bless God, loves all and then here's a quick clip he was asked about. If he liked why he is showing support for Trump. Oh wait: where to go there we go so maybe I think you like the idea. Yeah, not necessarily I. Do Donald Trump with the idea of an outside of infiltrating yeah I, like that it showed you that anything is possible, shows you that it doesn't even like Virgil working at Louis, Vuitton, Trump being an office, it's a time for the unconventional I'm, very, not a traditional think, I'm I'm, a nonconformist you know so that relates to the nonconformist part of me now. You know but I'm also I'm a producer I like the segue things I like to take ODIs chop it up. Do it like this one? So what's the a version, the a version to be the Trump campaign and maybe the Bernie Sanders principles that would be my mix and stuff but I think both had you know you know, I need it. So that's there you go so I, don't know where he is with his thoughts on politics. Okay. Why are you, though, so really the question was like you know, can you turn this into something positive sure, I? Don't personally I, don't think so mm-hmm and you guys who charged like the yeah. You can't in a way like it's hard to just say I, just like Trump, because he made it against all odds mm-hmm without acknowledging everything that he stands for. Mm-Hmm well. I also remember call him saying that he has: he redesigned the hat yeah. He has a Yeezy version of the make America great again had that he wears and I think that's fantastic, that he made his own hat there yeah he changed the brim changed the thing it doesn't look better. I have to say it looks. He looks a little goofy when he I had fit like. If you recall the picture on Instagram, that's like a total goof angle, yeah well, at any rate, Kanye he's out there he's doing his thing he's authentic in you as a fan, you love him against all odds forever. So what what? If you could say anything to Kanye right now? What would you tell him? Kanye is right here what he said. I'd probably say: well, first, I think that I appreciate what he's trying to do. Yes, but it's like it's like a Sisyphus task, he's like rolling a boulder Chris, Evans yeah the source out. It's like and I, saw some people going well like, oh, like the swastika used to be a symbol of peace, and then they changed it to make it a different thing. But it's not it once that happens, you can't bring it back, can't take the Hitler mustache yeah I said it's like it's easier to to poison the well than to like purify the water. That's my thinking interest. If he wants to use the Hat I think he has to design redesign it a little further. Yeah I agree talking points what he was saying, he's trying to remix yeah this ideas, but it didn't change the head enough to fit my pitch I've got a pitch. This isn't the redesigned one, but you've got you know the Democrats are typically blue. Publicans are red. The Trump has very red, blue and red combined purple there. It is purple, make America great again, that's a brilliant idea and change it to purple. You got good ideas, just a plain hat: what's the goal with me? America great again right: well, then, you change the slogan as well: I looked it up, I went to the meanings of colors and I was that's. I was violet the color of spirituality, the energy of red, with the calm, ooh divine. Who decides what color means a lot of these are marketing companies as color plays very heavily okay. This is like got it a color that inspires reflection and self-awareness. It is the color of the sensitive, compassionate, intuitive soul. Violet has long been associated with royalty and characteristics of quality and luxury mom. Now, if you go back to his album cover the sticker on, it was violet. Yes, do you think he's on to this already? No but I'm trying to do that. Kanye I think you got to keep the make America great again, because then you have both colors the same meaning. If you go away from the phrase to become something to different, combine them Kanye, who is listening for sure, listen to him, he's got great advice, I think or the slogan I think you could slight I mean it could go both ways, but I think the color would be a good change, maybe make America great mmm cuz. It wasn't not again, not everyone. It wasn't great for all people at any point: yeah I'm Kanye. He has this whole thing he's always talking about. Oh, we teach history class. Why don't we teach future class? That's this whole thing, so look look forward. That's make it great. Make America great, stop looking bad now, will.I.am, that's Cayenne yeah I'm! Maybe both that's a diss took a little form in make America unified, yeah combination, okay or make American love. Okay, that's a little corny in well. I wanted to he's all the people out there. I, like the great without each closes dream. Thank, You, merica great I, do like that. One I think so: change the color change to change the brim. On that everybody tweet to Kanye. Let him know I think we got ideas here. If he did that, then maybe you and do you think that if Kanye adopted your idea from the show, would they give you back memberships here at the Kanye forum that you were banned from didn't you already get it back? Well, no I! Don't think he did, or did he every band I'm back, but they don't know I'm there. Oh, you have a new account, but they couldn't know who's right and there they're on to me. I eyes a weird game here over someone commented the other day and they were like you. The way you type makes it seem like you've been here a lot longer than your registration date. They all know each other huh yeah community, how many people, how many active members is that community? Yet well, there's there's like like 10,000 people on there, but then there's really heavy people and you're heavy yeah. How many hours a day. Are you on that? Well, not as much now, because if I use it at home, they'll trace my IP I'm in deep. You know I, the Hat should say unban e'en from the forum. That's funny. We got a you end. Well, thank you for decoding Kayne rest in peace to Mac. Miller I, see you're reppin that there on your hoody, yes and Ian. Thanks so much for your presentation, we wish all the best you can leave out. Thank you so much [Applause] [Music]! Thank you very much all right! So there you guys have it the Kanye West decoded mm-hmm. What do you take away from that ela? Do you think? What do you think Ian is always making me like see the good in content that maybe I didn't see before mm-hmm yeah? Well, in he's a good kid he's got a strong head on his shoulders. So III generally he's got good ideas so when he says that Kanye is his favorite person in the world, I, listen right and all right. What's going on, there I actually started listening to his new album because of ya means adore Serena, I gotta, say: there's a lot of the great Katya one yeah there's a lot of good stuff there. So let's make America love again and it's it's stuff too I, like I, said when I saw him with the head. I was like what yeah like why, but when you look more into it, I see what he's trying to do. I see. God bless him. God bless it all right! Well, let's get into speaking of uh conservatives. Papa John is a prominent conservative. Did you know that and he is currently under a huge criminal conspiracy by the Clintons and George Soros, to remove him from his pizza empire. Papa John has showed up to court today. I think you just gotta close that window there on the top right. Okay, Papa John showed up in court today to testify in his lawsuit, Papa John V Papa John, and he gave testimony he asked for documents. There's a lot of big updates, I'd like to share with you guys, Johnny's suing Papa John's yeah as a story, a video here here we go. Mr. Schneider is set to begin testify. Not as you mention no it's matter. Pappajohn Shatner is way. Funnier ya, Schnatter, founder former CEO and former chairman of the board, is seeking documents related to his ouster. As chairman earlier in the summer, mr. Schneider said he's feeling good this morning ahead of his testimony. Here's what else he had to say to us. What's your message to shareholders guys remember: the pop is in the house where he had the LAV on yeah and he didn't know that you could hear me was gone. [Music] [Laughter] same message: we have for 34 years. You know we always acted in their best interest. What's your end goal here, do you want a better interest, better pizza, better and greedy Papa John's, always in their best interest? The quality is low because of this virtual desktop I. Think, okay yeah, although it should be yours, not mine, well we'll figure out later return to the company in a leadership position. I am part of the company. Did you what's the cut name of the company? What's name of the company Papa John's and who's, the Papa Steve, no suing the company and Steve he was gonna fire Steve did you know Steven now he's the CEO? It's a drama is so good I'm telling you they should rename the company to Papa Steve's Avon pizza boxes. No one's gonna buy that Steve, my faithful employee one day, I'm gonna plan to fire you Stevie I, was going to let you go. We were going to mark ways and now you've taken everything from me. Stevie you've taken the mirror in her you've, taken two fresh 100% muscle and you've taken it all, and now you changing the name. It's a bummer Stevie all I want is better pizza, better ingredients and now Stevie my faithful garlic. You come to me and you say: yo you broke my heart: Stevie, never go against the family and now I sit in court. Next to you Stevie my darling, my friend, and you said you look me in the eyes- and you say this pizza empire that I built with my hands. You take the mozzarella and marinara. I kneaded the dough with my own hands Steve you and you sit across from me in court today and you say: Papa Stevie's [Music]. All I want for Papa John's is for the shareholders to make money better. Better pizza and how my son Bo he's a slow boy, my boy, my son, Bo, he doesn't have much prospects, he's got no prospects. Tv, you think his pizza and buy listen to this. This is a real Godfather tale, better interests. Better pizza, I am part of Papa. Here's part two. You can go ahead and I feel like the music companies. The old thing. This is all a huge betrayal yeah. Here we go hit me with it. Well, you [ __ ], lag out his team exit from the courthouse. This is one of two lawsuits that he's filed against the here. He is just coming out right, John, different categories of documents that are related to his ouster. As chairman of the board. Today he really appeared calm and reserved. That's in stark contrast to public comments that he's made and also famous he's put out on his website. Safe papajohns.com feels the company didn't properly protect him as founder after a Forbes report filled that he'd used a racial slur. The kind characterize what actually happened. Mr. Schneider today also spoke of an intuition a sixth sense, a sense that something may have been going on with documents that go back to October, 31st I think that works in intuition. He hasn't know if the board's actions amount to a coup, a conspiracy- or perhaps they are a conspiracy really. What happened here. I also spoke to a source close to the company. That said that John seemed a bit confused today about what documents he was asking before that troubling, because he is a juror I just want the I just want the recipe and now Josh and now I must sue Stevie. Former colleague and best friend, my advisor I, can't see Irish. How do you follow that? The advisor [Music] I asked to return the recipe and my after that trade market cheese recipe, a Papa John's the mozzarella? It's the it's designed to melt it's designed to build evenly over the pizza. That's that's a good of a pipe out of the bead supply. I know it was your Stevie, you break you breaking my heart and now Stevie I have to take you on a lake and execute listen to this [ __ ] said he requests 17 different documents, including the recipe of his marinara sauce as a joke, but 17 documents is real. The pizza senses were sensing, a pizza conspiracy, a coup or conspiracy, Papa speculated that foreign agents may be acting covertly to overthrow his pizza empire, possibly speculating that it was little seizures or possibly Domino's. No man I did write this by the way I spent on this one write shares Domon host, yes, ela. Thank you very much for acknowledging that only a great mind such as mind. Could such an original joke shares of the company have fallen more than 31 percent over the last year, but the company zwo started long before Papa John was locked in a bitter battle since hitting an all-time high of 90 cents per share in December of 2016 Papa John's stock has lost nearly half of its value on disappointing same-store sales growth on Monday, the stock was down more than 2% last changing hands at around $50 a share, so they they're already going down. This supports his pizza conspiracy that the company was not doing well and they wanted him off because he was check out what I pulled up ela pulled up something he said he planned to fire currency Oh, Steve Ritchie, who knew his performance evaluation would be subpar, Wow and now Stevie is the new Papa this on the night of December 26, there will be a change events, the seed of formerly known as Papa rich Stevie Ritchie, but no longer control the Eastside. The Shatner family is moving in. On the east side, we are going to control the marinara supply, the mozzarella supplying and the black the tomato supply. These boys, the Ricci family, they know good, I'm, trustworthy, then their performances, Sub Pop, and so it is my well as grand papa as the god papa that the CEO Richie shall be Roma, and so on this day of December 26, Bubba, Richie, I guess I give him a kiss mwah, it's the kiss of faith and this time wanted mozzarella. This award-winning marinara sauce, to which I give to you my son, Bo, the the award-winning cross. Today it's a pizza wall we're going to wall. Here's a twist, here's a big twist within the proceedings. He was asked whether he had some settlements with some women Shatner stated that he has confidentially agreements with at least two women, but didn't specify what those men he, the woman twenty four euros. All the time sued shatter shatter, shatter the SH big snotty boy Papa in 1999, alleging that he'd sexually harassed her for months repeatedly visiting her house and kissing her and groping her according to court filings, Shatner has denied the allegations and, as they say, Papa is and will ever for be in the house. So it's an interesting twist of fate for Papa because he went to seek documents to try to prove there was a pizza conspiracy, but what he did is he unsealed other documents about him being in the house with a an employee that he allegedly kiss and groped papa has denied the allegations? Do you think the Papa? Do you think he uses a loop when he has six or marinara sauce? Probably the bottle, you think he's the father thought of sauce yeah. He probably does. Doesn't he? Oh, my god? Oh right, Marlon, Brando's yeah, the Godfather, the guy that played The Godfather, was famously in a butter scene where he used butter to lube up his [ __ ] to rape, a girl in a movie in a movie. So there you have that everything connects folks, it's a small world after all, I'm gonna papa's house, as they say. So, that's it! That's that you know what else we got. We got Facebook leak, oh good scam, yeah, get the [ __ ] Facebook sucks! What's what's Mark Zuckerberg ur smokin meets suck is a potential sociopath that guy acts like a computer, emulating yeah I'm, not a therapist, though I'm just a my idiot, everyone becomes a sociopath cuz you're wielding trust faith like a doctor. They I don't know if the therapists take OHS, but doctors take oaths, serious stuff. You know here so this this story cracks me up. This is amazing. Amazing, stuff dream cruise nightmare, 1300 Indians partying from a tobacco company, went on a cruise with 3,000 other I mean 3,000 people in total. So half from these Indian company and half was Australian people or just not justification, and these guys just took over this cruise ship. They brought Playboy Playmates, they brought music, they brought their own food and they just completely terrorized this cruise and everyone was trapped on this cruise and it was so bad that Royal Caribbean's had their refund everybody, but there's just hilarious footage of of all this and it was like a 24-hour nightmare, and this Australian station made this really hilarious. Like scoop very serious, they were very serious about it. Mm-Hmm, you know which I I just was loving. This whole thing cruise ruined by 1300 men on a work bender. Here we go, it was supposed to be the cruise of a lifetime, but these excited Aussie families. What for that feeling when they realized they were sharing the ship with 1300 men on a work, bender a work, bender look at this chair. They turned this [ __ ] family cruise into like they set up like a strip club. They believe this [ __ ]. These guys are the best and they're all just out there with their phones out and [ __ ], like god, I love, it I love it that a company was able to just ruin a whole cruise babe are like traumatized. They said yeah they're ranley, like they kept their doors, open, yeah and you just walk by not knowing where you're gonna see yeah some [ __ ] naked indian dude. There's nothing, no love it! [Music] they're in the pool, they're dominating everything box, not pretty much. They were just people everywhere. We get our sail away party and it was taken over by them. That was the beginning of the end, disappointed I'm, sure these other colorful words overuse wind truck, loving God, poor beggars, dance, teacher, wife, Cass and their daughter Talia boarded the Ravel of how they focus on a story of life. They were all looking forward to their best crews. Yet every day was getting closer was just the heartbeats pumping out there isn't you're, not going crazy, but I know it's just don't go on a cruise I mean guys cruising is like the ocean version of ziplining. It probably has zip lines on that cruise zip lines are so stupid and I've never been on a cruise I think thought about. It have been ones it's awful right, yeah and every time I hear someone was on a cruise. It sounds so bad and the worst part about is that you're in the middle, you cannot [ __ ] escape that boat. I had a friend who went recently and you have this cluster phobic tiny room. Hmm, so you can't even like go to your room to everyone, go to your rooms, tiny and don't even get me started on rogue waves. What's that I'd like you to start, don't even get me started. Rogue waves dude are anomalies on the ocean. Okay, rogue waves, my dudes, it's when it's when seemingly and seemingly normal waves, there's a frequency when they can all just by some fluke of statistics, we're like 50 waves, wavelengths can line up and make one mega wave out of the ocean out of random and I'm telling I'm not making them. There's a well observed phenomenon. Rogue waves, there's videos of it. I swear to God, go on google and type a rogue wave in fact, ela. Why don't you do that and throw it on the screen? Preg pregnant, ass, ela, I, don't know what that means. Oh it's under it goes on their ears, rogue waves, guys. Oh this is stupid. I'm just waiting. We gotta go to videos. How can I not click your screen? Can you know this is confusing? Go to videos, wait! Wait! What has happened! It just clicks really low. It's lagging okay here this one that one looks to like click baby come on. Why don't? We have a block for Christ's day? Would you want to show here? Okay, it's real I'm telling you do some research go up there, rogue waves they're out there and you think you're safely on the cruise. You think those 1300 Indian men with their balls out and in their hotel room with the door open, is bad rogue waves, my dude I, don't know that doesn't rogue waves me whatever I, just think that crazy me Taylor go open up open a clip of cruise ship on on troubled sea I'm telling you this shit's amazing love like people getting like tossed around with furniture and [ __ ]. It's amazing yeah. He won't caught me dead on those boats, man, apparently you can gamble, though Mike there's prostitutes, because it's legal that sounds to bottle pick on Royal Caribbean me I'm, not on Royal Caribbean. Why not unless you're with 1,300 Indians from a tobacco company? It's all my gamble, you're right about that. Imagine the company brought like prepaid prostitutes, everyone's just taking a turn. What do we got here? [Music]? It's no sound all right, but imagine being on that. That's a rogue wave, my dudes watch out for that all right, any rate we were watching the stand, video I'm getting on track here we got important things to talk about, obviously, and let's stay on track. Let's skip ahead, move into the voyages of the sleeves, oh because they would just stare and yeah make us feel really uncomfortable. The family's got their two sinking feeling from the push-off, where we were seated on that on the pool deck we were actually asked to move. We did because we thought these people were from Royal Caribbean, but they were actually from from the private party asking us to move, so they could okay they're setting up for the sail away party, but I love. How serious this report is billick. Would you like the comment to our role being newsroom and the sail away? Put the shade roof of these high jinks on the high seas? Is the pool deck as one guy? Yes, sweetie mess of gyrating bodies I've never seen so many mobile phones in my life? Really? Oh dear God, yes, Oh No anyway. This feels you know, but um love. It I. Just love the idea of 1300 Indian dude yeah, taking on so much just like what I don't know, you got to love it, and this is you know this is the top notch content that you can come to expect here on the h3 podcast experience. Okay, there's one clip here that I absolutely want to watch with you guys and then we'll get some fan. Submissions watch this and pasture claims. I love this clip. So much I love these guys. He gets in front of his congregation. He says if you do not give 10% of your whole income to the church, you are robbing God. Even if you are in debt, what do they call that a death, a tilth there's a saying it's oath, if it's part of high tithe of being Catholic or Christian you're supposed to donate 10% of your income to the church? Really man, ain't, no [, __, ] church worth that. Send me to hell I'm, keeping that 10% I already paid [ __ ] 50% to Uncle Sam. What does he do for me? [, __, ], you kidding me 10%. Is that all it takes to get into heaven, 10% [, __, ] it I'll go to hell. Tithe is 10%. He says euro would be of both tithes and offerings. The 10% is what is yet what God requires and then the offerings of attempts to may require more than a 10% somebody says I cannot cannot, cannot live on that I cannot live on 10%. You understand, you may be deeply indented being a real trouble. The it's gonna be hard for you to believe, but I'm telling you I'm singing it over and over and over again, you are get out of this be run even with this. How you start mm-hmm just start giving God 10% of your income, but there's no way I can do that. Just try it just try it I. Dare you kiss my guys, like you, don't listen, bring you all the time. Hmm there you have it. Okay, God cannot live on 10%, that's not weird cuz I've always like seen like if I would go to a synagogue. When I was a kid with my mom, they would be like. Can you donate anything like anything? Is a blessing yeah, you mean they have some staff, some like like a dollar some humility, God cannot live without yo 10%, dear dear Jesus, I recently went out to lunch and I tipped my sweet server. I gave him 20%. Now why don't I get 20% Lord now I don't care if you're broke, if you're missing the kidney? If you got cancer, if you can't pay your debt boy, I don't give up. I, don't God doesn't care. You can't live on 10%, but now, if you want to be good with Jesus, you best be giving me at least 10% of everything you weren't boy cuz. Let me tell you what ain't no 5% B buy me a private jet, because I got to pray all over this country boy. You think I cannot save on 5% people and that's right here in the Bible. That's that TIFF a tiff, no yes Jesus, but help me Lord and how am I supposed to afford these little tiny crosses to mark the boys that I want to molest. Yes, Lord I need I feel that 10% hmm preach. If your kidneys failing boy give me that kidney I'll sell it on the black market, that's 10%, you good! With Jesus. You know you need medicine to save your life. Give me some of that medicine. I'll sell it on the black market 10%. While you feel me, she get Amen mm-hmm amen, brother. Oh you want me to give 10% cheated I'm with the church. I, don't give 10% Dave ain't give 10% I am God. Now let me touch your kids. Dick, hey man can I touch your kids, dick amen, brother, hmm Jesus! Are you telling me that Jesus didn't touch at least one baby penis? At least one I mean come on all right. You know Jesus at least look at a baby. Dick am I right. Can I get an amen 10% by I kid, the Christians I? Could them they're good people? What's going to defense? There's one up. He was like, though, I kid I kid. The Christians they're good people, the Catholics, they're great, amen, amen. I was researching with all these kind of goofy pasture videos and there's just one other one I want to show you guys and ela. You were gonna love this okay. This is incredible stuff in Capri his name was Ben and I was running to you, but I was there for a few years and he was a nice kid he's one of those kids. That was always just he's: a real smart aleck who was a bright kid which didn't help things right made him more dangerous. We don't want you to think, and he was just just trying to push my buttons and he was just you know, kind of not taking the Lord, serious and I walked over to him and I went I punched him in the chest as hard as I crumpled. The kid I just claimed an brother I said I leaned over I said Ben. When are you gonna stop playing games with God I? Let that man to the Lord right there there's that man's a lord right there mm-hmm he's been in prison for 20 years now. Hmm I love that you know everyone listening was like what and I walked over to that little 30-yard as I couldn't I laid him out on the ground and I said boy when am I getting that 10%, because I know your mama give you $5.00 a week in allowance and to me that's 50 cents a week boy where that 10% mmm that's when that boy found God you've been in prison now for 20 years for murder, that boy ain't right, I love that story, man I love that story anyway. Let's move it on to fan submissions. Okay. Now this is podcast at h3h3 productions. Dot-Com, you guys can send in questions videos comments whatever you want, I love it keep it coming. This is so much fun. So this one comes from clammy hippo I, wash a fruit podcast for the same reason as everyone else to make sure I have the correct opinion. Thank you very much. You do have the correct opinion. The recent debates on how you wipe your arse, apparently this friend comes from across the seas, have been a mess immersive and captivating and I wanted to slam-dunk a lil debate here myself. Do you piss in the shower I've asked around and answers about 50/50 as a proud shower, piss or myself. I need to tell you I. Need you to tell me if I should stop pissing the shower or carry on just letting her rip? Also, on a little bit of a side, note I'm, not sure, there's a stupid question, but I'm sure you and everyone else. Does it, including me, do you [ __ ], but do you [ __ ] in the bath? We simply need to know well, clammy hippo. First, let me start with the first part, because you took a quick turn there peeing in the shower to me. Yes is a beautiful natural thing: it's like peeing outside it's like it's a beautiful thing where you don't I love peeing in the shower I, when I read this I was shocked that why would you not pee in the shower I pee on ela, when we're in the shower now Dan's acne, and do you guys pee in the shower? You know I, don't go out of my way to, but but sure I mean I. Do if the? If you go, you hold it I think I pee 100% of the time, yeah every other, because you're relaxed it's warm you're, comfortable Ian in Zak. Do you pee in the shower Zach, says hell yeah? No, he had he had recently such a contrarian, just like conscious like on yeah. Now, why do you not pee in the shower Dan and Ian I mean I'm. Just do you think that but yeah I mean apparently you go out of your way to you like actually enjoy it. I do enjoy that we're not taking a bath like if you're sitting in your own pee in the bath I. Don't have you don't think it's a bad Chris Evans takes a bath, yeah, probably crafted that tweet. While he was in the bathtub peeing in it now, and you find it gross. What is it about peeing in the shower that that I have roommates and it just doesn't seem respectful, really I, who goes down with the water? Who cares? I, don't know I, just yeah, okay, well, I preach! Do you jerk off in the shower? No because jerking off in the showers [ __ ] nasty because it can get caught in the drain gross and I've actually had roommates where they jerk off in the shower, and you can see it in the drain and that oh I'm telling you that [ __ ] ain't right so I would say that jerking off in the shower with roommates is, is a little stickier. Well, it's none of that is as bad as this guy's second, but then he says I'm sure, there's a stupid question, I'm sure you and everyone else. Does it, including me, but do you [ __ ] in the bath now I think you know we won't chain butter. Obviously, [ __ ] in the bath is I've. Not this person is not serious. You gotta be a sociopath yeah I think you have to be homeless or so. I know how I don't know I would never [ __ ] in the bath. That can't be what I'll tell you funny story about [ __ ] in the bath, though I had I live with two dudes in college, and we used to play a game called do pee extreme. Where were you tried to run an elaborate dupe on one of the housemates that the other two were on? You would try to make them believe. Some far-fetched outrageous thing, and so this was my crowning achievement. I would the other guy. We decided to try to convince our third roommate, who was kind of a germaphobe that we [ __ ] in the shower and that it's normal and everybody fits in the shower. So here's what I did this is fun I'm, proud of this way, so I arranged it with the other friend and then I called a fourth friend and said: hey we're doing this prank I'm gonna call you and I want you to say that you, of course you should [ __ ] in the shower, so I was like I'll bro um I was like hey just giving him and I [ __ ] in the shower. When I was in there he's like you, did what? Oh, my god, this whole thing I was like yeah and you [ __ ] in the shower I push it down with my toes down the drain. It's normal my whole family. Everybody. Does that and he's like he's like tell me, you guys are kidding. He was like I. Can you die? He was dead serious. He was like tell me, you guys are [ __ ] kidding like you, don't [ __ ] the shower, and then my third roommate comes in he's like yeah [, __ ] in the shower too. You push it down. He stomped it down with your toes and he's like you guys are [ __ ] with me, and then we called up the fourth friend and I was like I'm talking to Isaac. We [ __ ] in the shower and he doesn't believe it, but you shouldn't the shower right. He's like yeah, everybody shits in the shower stomp it down with our toes and he's sitting there having like a mental breakdown like don't you have a name for it like then we called it. We did I, don't remember what yeah the waffle, stomp I think yeah. We called it a waffle stomp when you yeah exactly and so a waffle stop exactly so. We convinced him for a good like 20 minutes that we waffle stump [ __ ] down the down the drain, so no I do not [ __ ] in the bathtub and I sincerely. Do hope that you do not shoot in the bathtub and nobody fits in the bathtub, because that ain't sanitarian frankly you don't need to be waffle. Stomping poop. We have. We have systems plumbing in place to handle that and I sincerely hope they use it. So thank you for the question submitted from Danny Kelly. This clip is just [, __ ], amazing I've, never seen this and it's one of my favorite things. I've ever seen. I gave me so much joy and so much laughter and I shared with you all today, [Applause] bird [, __ ] [ __ ] mom, how these shouting a bird [, __ ] and his [ __ ] mouth [, __, ] bird [, __ ] and ass [, __ ] mouth [Laughter]. When are you gonna start taking Jesus seriously now give me 50, Cent's, 10% I, know that's what Jesus wanted I think it said in the Bible. It said when disobedient crumpled children with a powerful punch to the gym. This is a weirdo neelam run for the cube. You guys may remember him from my recent or not h3 video. We made about this really weird head channel. Where he's got this crazy voice, but he reviewed one of Ella's products, and here you go run for the cube. I love, I kind of want to do a know. You mean what this [Music] [ __ ] scares me, make you feel being and see what you're not going to open at the boss. How do you feel right now he died. Freeze TTIP are just gone like an ASMR Channel with the tweezers. Just so weird the gloves, shiny bright, like you, mom shiny bright, like your mom, I kind of want to do. I know you mean, though, I want to try to reach out to him. If you are watching this, which ever feeling he'll see you, this email us run, the cube I want to connect with you, you're the weirdest [ __, ], guy I've, ever heard of in my life, but anyway he was very gracious and he put a link in the description and stuff, so that was nice, but my god, I I'm scared of him he's got a nice following like 70,000 views, but is that his normal viewer siblings? Let me take a look kind of used. This guy usually pull. This is the weird it's us as this trailer. What the [ __ ] we've ever seen channel name is run for the cube. It should be my I'm getting I'm like you've got him I'm funny man. Oh, he hasn't made a video, and this was the last video he made two months ago and then six months after that holy [, __ ]. This guy is obsessed with us here, mm-hm we're in his trailer his last video. He made he's hunting us down with those tweezers and gloves on cube, run for your life rent just take out the queue by the trailer were different on you, oh man, I guess run for the cube watch. People kind of talking about this phenomenal, hey, yeah, yeah II, run from that. You know that was crazy. There you have it did that make a meal. He reviewed your I, guess, honored, honored cool and then ela did you want to talk about? The riff did Teddy fresh Club yeah. So there is a ribbon dip and Teddy fresh collab, which is crazy. You got pics yeah it's under there under your video where's, my and here's our model. That's me, I said to EULA. Thank you for being progressive in using a plus-size model. We all really appreciate that, and so this will be coming out next week. Do not have a better picture of the knot right before the close-up there. You go and I just wanted to say that we're gonna be doing a meet-and-greet in their store in LA on Sunset Boulevard, no Fairfax Avenue that you just type rip and dip in there yeah yeah. But what is it? It's Saturday at 11:00 a.m. they're, gonna sew a limited amount, we're talking about the 13th of October right yeah, so noon, Saturday October, 13th, 441, North, Fairfax Avenue. We will be there slinging some teddy fresh and rippin dip and then I will be dropped online. The next day Sunday on their website now I'm excited. Oh I love it man. It came out so good. This is their their mascot, the cat yeah. So the cat and the bear teamed up and they're crushing it then, and finally, thank you to all of our sponsors. We have a little sponsor button on YouTube that you can smash to support us. Thank you very much to those of you who have done that. Thank you. Everyone who has a watch to the podcast will love you so very much. Thank you Ian for the presentation. Thank you to Kanye, very cool and have a blessed Friday. That's about it right! I mean there's a I mean I said right. You know, yeah I mean there's more stuff, but it's close - yeah. It's we're closed for two hours, I start to lose steam at two hours. Two hours gets mad. That's when I start talking about like pedophile priests and stuff, and it was like we already snuck in the music. Oh you already plant you're already playing me off. Well guys join us next Friday for another episode, eel is pregnant. She still be pregnant, probably or not so weird I, don't know I'm just saying that he looks so stupid, I'm being played off right now. I know that I can't hear the music, but my family was like no don't say anything till 10 weeks. Yeah, it's like come on, my family said don't say anything till four months. I say don't say anything till the baby comes yeah, that's like halfway there I say don't say anything until a year to make sure the baby's healthy. You know we're in this journey together, we've been very vocal about the process, so we don't see any reason not to continue that trend. Guys next week, we'll hear again have a blessed beautiful Friday evening. The weekend is upon us. We made it thank God, it's Friday and remember, to give 10% boy, otherwise you're gonna get punched in the chest by your pasture. Thank you for watching have a blessed beautiful weekend and remember this save Papa, John, calm, all right, working, [Music].