[Music] welcome everybody to the h3 podcast experience so great to have you with us and great to see you viola. If you look really beautiful today with your I want to and great idea, I switched like three beings until I decided on the orange. The orange looks great and I want to thank our sponsors today. Stitch fix ring, C, geek and quid. Today, we've got a whole slew of juicy topics to get to including Greg Paul, the father of Jake and Logan. Paul has not only made a tape in which he is having. How do I say this without getting in trouble with YouTube, where he's his genitals is going into a female genitals. People have speculated that. This tape that it records his genitals going into another person's genitals sex tape. You could say sex tape. No, he said people are speculating. It's an underage girl. There's no evidence of that at all. Why is it still called a tape? It's not really a tape. Is it we need to update that yeah sex footage. Vid tape sounds a little more like hittin away, though it's like well I got that tape of my father, but really it's just on your phone yeah. So it's not that fun anymore about sex tape. It still is sex tape. You look post Malone has apparently been cursed, I love this story, that's great and, of course, the hilarious hilarious antics of reporters from the recent hurricane there's, a new trend, I'm, not really a new trend, they've been doing it for ages, where they just stand and hurricanes, and it's hilarious and I've put together a whole thing. So these are this. This is so much more welcome everybody to the h3 podcast beyond the experience fully enlightened I. Am your host Ethan client, with the beautiful, talented, lovely, incredible, loving, Eva plan. Thank you, love of my life beautiful well so great -, well enough about ela, let's get to the one person in the world who turns me on even more Greg Paul now, okay! So, let's start from the top, because this is a whole story, that's kind of developed, so I want to explain to you guys from the top. What happened? Okay, now, first of all, I think the first thing that happened in Dan correct me if I'm wrong on anything but I think I've got my facts straight is that Logan Paul's channel was hacked and the attacker uploaded a basically a fake iphone giveaway, which is honestly not that much of a departure from his usual content. Mm-Hmm. So I'm surprised anyone even noticed because they took it down really fast click. The link in the description to claim your free iphone acts giving away 1,500 iphones. Apparently, people were clicking this link and just getting like straight-up key loggers and viruses, which is great. You know all the best stuff on the internet has to offer. Hmm so, like I'd, take him down pretty quickly and on Sunday the hackers released Jake Paul's calendar via their Twitter page, which has since been banned. It included the address and contact info for many celebrities, including Justin Bieber yikes, and what was the thought? This is a great twist thought to be Ethan me, of course. That's me um. When Jake Paul was on our podcast, he saved a dance number because he had a pre-show call with Dan yeah and he saved it as h3h3. So Dan's phone number was leaked over uh blowing up alone cool. That was fun. Tell me about that. Then yeah I was uh. What Sunday afternoon was just chilling at home and all of a sudden get a call from an unknown number. That's weird! You heard it no I ignored it. What kind of maniac answers no numbers in 2018 yeah? Absolutely, but as soon as it ended another one and then another one another one and pretty quickly. I was like okay, something something happened. This is this is not normal and yeah. Just tracked it down to the old Jay Kapoor. Did you not answer one of the calls? No, no and I didn't get any texts or anything yeah texts well again, because they thought it was you. So it's just all kinds of people saying what's up Ethan and like leave messages for you anything interesting, -! No, no, really! Nothing! Interesting at all which yeah I mean these people. It's like you get a hold of a number of a famous person. They have no idea what to say. Yes, you know a holiday. When are my phone number got leaked previously when we got hacked dila and they posted our phone number on Twitter and we were. We were proud, I swear to god we're getting like a hundred calls a minute. Our phone was actually it I can't I couldn't access my phone cuz. There was just incoming calls. No I didn't like swipe it open, yeah I couldn't even do anything, but I was getting tons of text messages and I. Don't think I actually ever told you this, but somebody sent me I. Don't know why I even open text message, because I was generally not, but one of them was a dick pic and I have to tell you. I did feel violated and in that moment I had a I had a moment of like empathy and sympathy for all the females out there getting unsolicited dick pics because it Felton it felt very by I felt very violated. That I saw this man. He was a fat man with the tiny small penis. It looked almost like my own, if, I'm being honest, a tiny little penis, the pubes were much longer than the penis itself and I was like whoa was that a picture I could know someone sending me their own and you think it was his picture and not something off the internet. You know it was definitely dude just snapped his junket wow that to me yeah, so there's a fat chubby little penis, so you were me, -, didn't know. I was me -. It I've been trying to tell you that for a long time can I take him back me too for us for me meet anyway. So apparently me. Third, apparently the hacker this. This kind of perplexes me this hacker gotten to Jake Logan and their fathers at yeah. How all three like I mean these guys are big shots. They have run big companies. How first of all, is there security not tighter run? Third of all, how do you get into all three of them at the same time? What I was wondering is: are they still all on the same family plan at Verizon or some [ __ ]? You know they mean like how do you explain that they got all three of theirs? I, don't know fascinating stuff. Well, regardless of how it happened. It could only happen to these geniuses. Apparently so in Jake's, dm's, there's all kinds of stuff of him flirting with girls, I, don't know they teased all kinds of stuff, but they didn't show anything so I, don't know, but definitely the most [ __ ] up thing to come out of it. By far was the Greg Paul sex tape, Greg Paul, being the father, this guy's a piece of work: man, Greg Paul's, the guy who has notoriously made out with little girls and one of Jake's videos, kissed, kiss I mean they're made and he seems he wears a but he's all he's 40. How old is he Danny he's like 48, 50, 54, yeah I? Think that's right, I mean here. Here's all you need to know about the guy he's a 54 year old man with a puka shell, necklace and a goatee I mean rules that says all you need hit me with some of those sound bites, which is that yeah he like lowers his voice and talks like yeah yeah, hey yo is JP. Coming at you sounds like he's auditioning for the new Blue's Clues opening anyway, so so there was a sex tape, but there's no faces, there's some voices. Obviously the girl herself there's no way of knowing her age or identity, which is good for her thank God. For that I mean it's so graphic. You guys I've watched a lot of porn in my day, a lot of porn. Let me emphasize a lot of foreign in Monday. This is one of the most graphic things I've ever seen in my life, I mean it is [. __ ] of MBI was horrifying. It's really horrific. Let me play you a little sound bite. The lovely thing was that it was just on Twitter and like I. Just saw people talk about it, going up the thread of a conversation. It's just there on Twitter yeah, that's how I saw it first til, but I saw it. What I saw was like him like fingering her, but then I doing my research. I watch the whole thing on one of these. You know websites and it is all graphic bro, there's a one scene where he's slapping her with his ding I'm gonna use. I'm gonna, use PC words here, because we are family friendly, show. He uses his carrot. He puts his carrot in her soil, but what happens is he's slapping her slapping her peach with his carrot and she starts to water. His carrot, heshes peas, on his dick I, swear to god. She pees on his dick, and this is the sound with that. It mixes the sound from the video she pees on his dick I swear to God, so he's slapping her and she's paying on his dick. Do you think hey so more people would love this sound mm-hmm, Greg, Falls sex, dick ASMR s interests. Let me try to experience up that stay smart. So this video is so graphic, but again there's no there's nothing identifying the man or or the female yeah. So my first thought was like okay. This could be anyone. Let's look first of all I want to see. Is this actually Greg Paul, not that I'm not willing to believe it I mean I'm, very willing to believe it, but I just want to know. What's my hunch, so here we've got some evidence here. Let me see here you ready to come again. Definitely sounds like it hit me with the hit me with that. Zak could be well here. We do a little CSI photo matching and this is fairly conclusive. In my opinion, here it's hard to tell okay, but like here's from his Instagram, his dog sleeping on his bed. Now what we're paying our attention to is this floral kind of pattern here in the woodwork, and you can tell I know it's I know this doesn't look that good? Okay, it's not but I'm telling you I've watched the videos, there's better screenshots, but it definitely it matches it's the same ad board when, when it's in motion in the video yeah he's a lot more evident, that is the same thing. It's definitely the same. So what do you think is happening, but um I thought I had more evidence than that. Well, let's leave them all that minutes. I've got it's okay! Let me say this: it's definitely the same headboard in European and my humble alleged opinion. It's not your opinion. It's an alleged that your opinion, sir allegedly it's the underage, though I mean who could ever say that that's dangerous, yeah I, don't I, don't want to put out there guys having sex with underage girls. I would believe he was having what I would it be a stretch of my imagination to think that Greg was having sex with girls? No, absolutely not absolutely not! But what about what should happen? Because it's if what if he was, but it's from some hackers why well yeah the first thought I was like that's not. You can't really use that as evidence in court, because it's illegally obtained yeah well, regardless there's no evidence. This grows underage at all, so I don't want to insinuate that now. Basically, though Greg has acknowledged, the hack has happened in this Instagram video, in which I will play for you all here today, just so awesome to tell you over as I open this by the way, Greg is a high-level Instagram user. He starts the video with he got a paper bag from like Ralph's supermarket and he just sharp eat a message so that this would be the thumbnail very creative. I ontology he's high level good. He learned it from all the teenage girls he [, __, ], allegedly allegedly I, don't even have an opinion. I have an alleged opinion. My hacker thought my hacker taught me a lot. Please contact me so I can hire you bro. You couldn't find a piece of paper. I really had to use a Ravis shopping bag. Alright, let's watch this enjoy this. He coming do any coming alright. So how do you guys know that I was hacked by Lee? This hacker dude is something else man he is crazy. Smart I learned a lot. I was like such a [ __ ]. He sounds like he's 15. Why does he talk like that? He reminds me of the guy. Isn't her character in like Fast Times at Ridgemont, High played by Matthew McConaughey McConaughey he's like a 30 year old that hangs around stays confused yeah? What what is? What's that great line? He has a line, he goes I get older, but they stay the same age, something that's what he loves about high school girls. That was the line. He pretty much. Is that character? You know hacking is actually an adult way of bullying. What do you think about that? That was kind of interesting hacking is actually an adult way of balling. Does this say him saying he thinks he's been bullied right now we need to call Trump's. Wife. Beware is coming fun with that statement really a little bit but okay, what do you think he thought it was funny thing and he's being bullied. Poor guy- and you know, I, don't know why the guy does it because he doesn't get any real recognition for it. He's not really messing on my life that bad cuz, my life I'm, just not that important, but uh I've learned a lot from him. I learned about some ways to prevent hacking and all this stuff, but dude. If you're out there I want you to reach out to me. The guy still has my AOL can makes it sound like his password was like password I learned a lot about security, Greg ball rules, oh I, missed that wait. I can't rewind on my AOL account, including information there. Cuz I want to hire you. Of course, Craig Paul uses AOL what still higher than hacker, how great thrown into jail. I think this was probably an elaborate ruse to to get them hmm. This was his mastermind mm-hmm, but you know: Greg Paul probably still has a well dial up on autopay. You know I mean I, read I, read a stat that there's like a million people, still paying AOL on a dial-up like all these old people that never heard their internet they're. All like I bet you, my grandparents, it's like 94 still pays AOL for dial-up. We can use your smarts in in your skill, set in a positive way and probably make you a [ __ ] ton of legit money anyway. I hope you guys have a great week now. You guys have a great day peace out. Those were the two fingers gross I'm. Just telling you honestly. He did this and boy I saw those fingers and a bucket of piss anyway. I feel bad for him. Hacking is no fun. It is adult bowling. You're right, I feel bad in a way. I hope that girl was underage all those hackers yeah such a nice adult bullying. Oh so now you agree. It's a I agree. I came to my camera, it's adult bowling, it's I, don't know it's it sucks! It's the worst thing yeah to go through. It is awful and it's like yeah it's awful anyway. My heart goes out to Greg Paul and it gushes for him. You might say my heart gushes for him. One might say that and I really hope the girl was not underage fer for his sake for all of our sick. For the world's sake, please Greg, don't mock me. Underage girls are recording it because, like where the world is just not ready for that, the Paul's I'm ready for that YouTube is not ready for that. Greg. Please, my heart gushes for you, though you ready come again, alright, alright, so we can wrap it up from here. Apparently, the hacker said: what is the hacker said that they have way more effed up evidence that they forward it to the FBI but yeah who know what all the sudden they have a conscious. You know so there you go um Greg I mean Greg is smashing, though you came out here, he's Jake's manager he's apparently, yes, since Nick Crompton left Greg has taken over the mantle and he is some mashing dude. You need me to play that again. No okay, moving on posts, Malone is cursed. You guys, you may have heard the recent reports that first of all y'all heard about how his plane took off and the wheel blew up on takeoff. They had emergency land. Thank God, post Malone was okay. Next up the next couple of days he's in a car crash with someone driving a quarter million dollar Rolls Royce a car crash. Thank god he's. Okay, god bless the sweetheart of that man and then an armed robbery take place at his old house that place we've been to mm-hmm my if it's the place, I'm thinking of which I think it has to be. We've been there a lot of times. That's scary. Armed robbers show up at the house asking where post Malone is terrifying and I'm, so glad that post wasn't there. He had since moved, and the tenants that were living there got stood up that gun. They stole like 20,000 yeah of something Jerry, so I'm I'm, I'm, so glad that Austin wasn't there because he's a kind of we don't call nine-one-one some kind of guy. You know what I mean that would have been some some gunfire. Mm-Hmm I have a bad feeling, but any rate what is going on with post Malone. Well, we think we have the answer guys. We think we've figured it out and, of course, it's TMZ who has put the pieces together post while messing with evil spirits on video, now curse, plane and car makes sense. It all makes sense. Finally, this guy Zach from ghost hunting these guys are so funny. You know how I feel about go something post mom loves the dump. So apparently there's this Zach tells us the close encounter went down in June and his haunted Museum. The object is called the Dubuque Dubuque box. Dubuque is Yiddish for malicious spirit and the Box inspired the horror, flick position really get ish, so they're saying the Jews are behind all of it great it's another Jewish conspiracy, so explain what is this so this box, this guy Zach the ghost hunter? It's apparently the most cursed item in the world, because they're Jewish ghosts and they got it right. They have a chip on their shoulder yeah. This video. This is it dude. You got oh [, __ ] when he thought dude. You got that's kind of dope think about that. It's like um of all the cursed objects in the world. You got cursed at gypsy, [, __, ], cursed, polish [, __ ] cursed, whatever German [, __ ]. It's the Yiddish ghosts, they're, the most gnarly, the Jewish ghosts are the ones you absolutely do not want to [ __ ] with it's kind of dope. So here's the video that explains everything that's been going on. I want you guys. So that's a at is house or something it's at its haunted. Museum I think Vegas. So this is the first time he's actually apparently taking the box off or touching the case itself. That's the story! So, post alone, that's freaking out he's like don't do it, but that's where postman [, __ ] up you see, see Zach the ghost hunter knows what he's doing. He knows how to handle a curse. He touches the box the first one ever to do it host of alone being the sweet guy. He tried to break him away from the box, but Oh curse was transferred to him. In that moment, the lights are off. Obviously, first add spooky effect. They're, like you know, we could have the lights on, but let's leave him off. This is the cursed Jew room. What's with the star of David's in, like you got like a Torah and [ __ ]? What is this? Some kind of [ __ ] Jewish funhouse Austin's freaked, the [ __ ] out he's trying to get out how he turned on the lights. Thank God Austin, oh yeah. He just turned on the lights here you can see I'll go back. He goes back to the door he's like [, __ ]. This turns on the lights. No zach is trying to play it cool like he doesn't care, but here he goes in Austin's like dude. This is it this isn't just any ghost. This is a Yiddish ghost cuz Austin knows better. You know we went when we went ghost hunting with Austin. He was very respectful. He was very cautious about the spirits he really. He believes this stuff yeah and he was not [ __ ] around so I know that he's he's deadly serious about this stuff. No, there was the thing where, when he hooked, when he opens the door I think there's like something hanging out of the room: lefty will play-by-play, but first, let's hone in on that. But first, let's see what happens so often is freaking out he's got a beer in hand, he's trying to talk Zach into getting out he's hyper Vettel he's breathing heavy he's grabbing him he's saying they run out of the room. Now post Malone being a sweet guy, he was. He took the curse from Zach and these old Yiddish ghosts. You know what I need to do. I think I can resolve this. What because these Yiddish ghosts, they need a good Jewish boy to come, talk sense into them, I think I can channel. Maybe these Yiddish ghosts and catch the curse. No, no. No I am a good Jewish boy. I'm well fed. That is all you just grandmother ever wanted. I'm a good sweet, Bar, Mitzvah and I think that I can talk some sense into these shooters ghosts. Should I say a prayer, no I think I should say a prayer to lift the queers. Can you type me in some prayer prayer spooky, Jewish prayer, music? No, no! This is too sad. Isn't it angelic music, there's, no there's angels and Judaism right? No, no! No! No! No! For Christ's sake, curse on you get his curse on you, alright Yiddish spirits. What what were they called? They were called the they debug, the debug debug spirits, Kirsten posts, Malone he's a good boy, he's a good sweet boy. He loves his parents and the prayer yeah. This is my prayer I'm, trying to banish the trying to banish the Yiddish goes. He eats well and I've cooked latkes with aunt for him on several occasions we spin dreidel on Hanukkah together me and Austin have spun dreidel and you are gonna curse, this good Jewish boy. How dare you Austin comes from a good family and was, and also he loves, challah bread I know that because I've shared challah bread with him. If you can lift this curse, Yiddish spirits did lick. Was it dim book the book and return to your box? Then this Jewish boy will be forever grateful. The Ummah Bar Mitzvah amen, honey, there's a bunch of like D book boxes on eBay really, and they all look so weird. Does it one? He was on the [ __ ] search for some D book get some D book up in here. Let's order one hell, we can buy this [ __ ] on it. Well, what's so special we can buy the [ __ ] on eBay I, don't think! There's some kid made haunted ebook box, 20 bucks, really [ __, ] um I feel like I'm getting cursed just looking heart-wrenching [Laughter] um, there's a mooring that related items like what is this? Can you complain plenty music play me. Any music cuz I seriously want to get rid of this curse and I care a lot about post Malone. If God's debuck Yiddish ghosts out there lift the curse on post, Malone I will make him eat a hundred bowls of matzo ball soup I swear to you now on the body of Moses. In the burning bush itself, I will spread NEC of gefilte fish. If you will just lift the curse on the sweet young post him alone, he doesn't deserve it. He lifts back me up, yes, come in amen, we will spin dreidel, we will eat gefilte fish. We will share in the good times of matzo. Ball soup he's a sweet kid. He doesn't deserve this you're, an old Jewish lady. You got a chip on your shoulder, get some therapy and the afterlife there's somebody out there that can help you for Christ's sake. Don't take your disappointment and your grandchildren out on post Malone, all Jewish grand parents are disappointed in their grandchildren. That's life be at peace, Dubuque be at peace. [Music], beautiful I. Think folks would appreciate that, like really powerful stuff do what you think I lift the curse. I felt there was a change in the thought that there was a change. The spirit meanwhile I don't know I felt, like maybe Austin problem I think he owes me. Can we show them, though you'll notice, this very spooky moment here. I read it in the comments, but so guy idea when he opens the door, was it there watch the top right right? Where he opens the door, the top there goes there's something that flies out of the room, but inside right here sure where my mouse is. It flies all the way from here out the door. Yeah watch this when he opens the door. You see that. Did you see that what I'm telling you it was good? Fest, 2014, 18, okay, right here off one more time watch it comes from the left side of screen out the door. There goes a white light now a races, little expert, her to be a bug, a bug. It could be the reflection on the door reflecting off the camera or something like that. You know I mean but most likely it's a debug that came in in the whole [ __ ] planet do I need to say another blessing. We've had everyone's like [ __ ], no, oh well anyway. My first thought was like seriously: the Jews are behind this yeah blame the Jews, typical I can believe this items we just found on eBay alright. Well next up next we've got the nutty weather reporters. All their coverage of this hurricane was outlandish in, and sane and hilarious, so stay tuned. We will be right back after this short words from our sponsors. Through my mouth stitch fix has reimagined the way we find and buy clothing. Here's what stitch fixes you go to their website. You fill out a questionnaire. You tell them what your budget, what kind of guy are you and a stylist springs into actual your virtual mom or girlfriend? Does a little shopping for you and sends it to you. Okay, now, that's convenient enough as it is, but here's the thing: if you don't like it, you don't keep it. If it doesn't fit, you don't keep it, you send it back boom, it's so convenient! That's it! You know some guys can't dress and let's face it, one of those guys is Dan. Our producer he's a sweet guy, but he started using stitch fix. Unlike me, I'm mr. suave I always dress great. It's like that's ela the dress Dan. On the other hand, I always dressed like an idiot. Why don't women saying Dan? On the other hand, love stitch fix eases it all. The time- and he can't put this hoodie down Dan- to tell him about how much you love stitch fix. It's just unbelievable. It's changed my whole life since a little irony. There Dan, but I, know that you're not being ironic, you're being genuine, because it's a great service I recommend everybody try the stylist fees, only $20, which is applied as a credit towards anything you keep so guys, hurry to stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3 and get started right frickin. Now, because if you keep all five items in your box, you get 25% off your purchase, go to stitch fix, calm, / h3 rings mission is to make neighborhoods safer. I love ring I've been using this product for years, and for me it's changing the way that home security works. You got a ring what it first of all it started with the doorbell. You clicked the doorbell. It makes a noise inside the kernel doba, but it's also got a camera and a microphone. So if somebody's peeping creeping on your door, stealing a package whatever be s shinanigans they're up to not only does it record them based on motion, but it zaps the recording up to the cloud and saves it forever. That means that they're not getting away, and you can talk to them- you can talk, hey buddy, what exactly you a now we're talking home security now here, let me tell you about they've got rink floodlights. These things are awesome, I got them stalled in our house. Is so great. It's a floodlight and motion detector and a video camera offers the same thing. You could blossom with a siren too. It's incredible and they've got staying on the app called neighbors and, like all your neighbors, within, like a two or three mile radius, upload videos of shenanigans going on at their house. It's like a little community, and it's so great, like there's these old. Ladies to post, videos of like delivery, guys they're going to the wrong door. You're like this guy was ringing up my door at 8 p.m. does. Anyone know who and everyone's clowning on the old lady like it's a delivery. It's a delivery! Like really is this. What this apps come to? It's hilarious, but there's some good stuff there too, but it's a lot of entertainment and besides the entertainment, it's great security guys they cannot endorse this product enough as a listener. You've got a special offer on a rink starter kit available right now with a video doorbell motion activated floodlight cam, the starter kit has everything you need to build a ring security around your home, so go to ring, comm, slash age, 3, that's ring.com, /h, 3, I love this product, I use it personally I endorse it. You pick this up, you're gonna love. It ring comm, slash, h3c geek, you know, um, you love them. You need tickets to a place. Do it with ckick? It's easy as that you're going to see a sporting event, Sikhi you're, going to see a music concert seeking. Are you going to watch Jake Paul, live in concert and want front-row seats, so you can get squirted on by his dad siki guys they've got you covered on everything? Okay. Now there here's what's great one to 10 score. Look at the seat. They'll tell you straight up no BS one to ten. If it's a good score, Green is good. Red is bad, I mean it's. Basically, you see the view from the seat boom. There's no surprises. It's just a good reliable place to get tickets up front, honest. Here's, the best part and I got to tell you there's no kicker. Here we got a hookup for all. You guys use code h3h3 for 20 bucks off your first order. Just click the me tab on the app and enter code h3h3 for $20 off guys. It's not this is them just handing you 20 bucks to go, see a live, show it doesn't get better than that and frankly, you might even catch a little bit of Greg Paul's fluid on your face. So I say that's about and not take me with em for two. Please check the link in the description to download the app. Remember guys, use code h3h3 for $20 off your first see geek order. It's honest, it's great! It's straightforward! You need tickets, see geeks got you covered. Quid is a totally free app for iOS and Android. You can collect stickers, gifts, cards, 3d toys for free all on your phone stickers from shows like Rick and Morty Bob's Burgers games of Thrones Disney, Marvel Naruto, oh [, __, ] Naruto. How do you say Naruto I always say wrong: what's the weeaboo, a Naruto Naruto I, don't know even our buddy Jack film? Yes, that's right where the F is my stickers, Jack filme, stickers, I, don't have stickers, plus they're, updating, adding new stuff all the time you can then trade them with your friends or even text them an iMessage by dragging and dropping them into your message. There are a ton of shows and influencers in there remember it's totally free some of the packs and box opening are super rare and you can meet other fans who quit and trade with them to complete your favorite sets. Try your best rank on the leaderboard for every given set. As you can see here, it's all playing out before our eyes. It's all free guys, the items it's all free, the app is free. You get more coins every few hours and if you want more, you just watch an ad or you pay to get a couple more coins, so you can get some more stickers so follow the link in the description of this episode to download the app from either the Apple or Android store and start collecting your favorite stickers today. Thank you. 2 quid get trading boys welcome back nutty weather reporters. This has been a phenomenon, that's been going on these reporters. They send them out into hurricanes and treacherous weather. Crap crack open here, a Saudi pump and they make these poor sons of [ __ ], basically brave dangerous wind, and sometimes the winds they're, not that dangerous, and so they have to hype up. They danger themselves. We've got a little of each got a little all, but what was the name in this recent hurricane Florence? So you guys may have heard. There was one particular gentleman that was called out all over the internet for his hurricane Florence meme, and this guy was out in the Weather Channel, and it's kind of this classic story of acting like the weather is insane and then somebody walking through the back wall here, oh I'll, let you watch all right now. First of all, worth noting is he's leaning away from the where the wind is blowing like that, doesn't make any sense. People have said that maybe he's covering the microphone, but that doesn't really make sense to me because you can see, as it goes on he's clearly not covering the microphone he's just he's trying to brace himself but anyway, here in the beginning, you can see a couple of dudes just strolling as casual as possible. We're in one of these bands. This is just literally strolling by casually as constantly in shorts. Do I love ya your sneakers there's truly no problem balancing yeah, so there you go really only on YouTube I thought people exaggerated and quickly. You know it's funny, and these are like real professional weathermen. These are like scientists, that's what I'm saying you set up these atmospheres and everybody will be reduced to a click baiting time. Oh Jesus, Christ, I click, and it starts again. So anyway, people got really upset by this um overdramatizing of how bad it is. I find it just funny. It's like damn you're out there bracing yourself the wrong way. You know anyway, the other excuse, I heard. Is there anything to this that it's that oh well, he was um. He was standing on. Grass is why yeah I've got that from the I'll. Read that well, I have a statement from the weather report. They defend him against the claims and I've got it all laid out. I want to enjoy some more footage of this guy bracing against the treacherous weather. Okay, now we're getting gust pushing up still. So you know it goes without saying the categories sometimes we're misleading with hurricanes or the wind, just whipping us 48 miles per hour hold on there by hold on there yeah hold on there by he's like on top of a Bronco or some [ __ ] anyway. So we've got a whole thing here: let's see what we got so this guy got into a bunch of stuff and Weather Channel made a statement they're supporting their boy they're, not leaving him out in the trenches, they said yeah and they got his back. You know whether people, the weather people, their tight-knit community. They said it's important to note that the two individuals in the background are walking on concrete and Mike said L. They named him. They named him and shame him first and last name and Mike settle is trying to maintain his footing on wet grass after reporting on air until 1:00 a.m. this morning and is undoubtedly exhausted. Well, I mean Mike. Counter is just standing on the concrete. How he's standing on grass changes anything I have notice. When I stand on grass, it doesn't really that much. They eat those yeah. It doesn't really, but the weather look the Weather Channel. They love this hurricane [, __ ]. They go crazy. This day they blew their entire production budget for the whole year. They put together these insane 3d renders where these reporters stand in, like a sphere with a massive, crazy green screen, and they show you virtually like where the water heights are will be mm-hmm and it's just so over the [ __ ] top for what I it's amazing. It's really cool but they're, all just so jacked about these hurt hurricanes, and here let me show you it's kind of crappy good look at this [ __ ]. It's definitely stalled cars at and even carry cars away and certainly flood many of the lower levels of structures. But we know Florence is also gonna bring, so the water yeah. Imagine that I, don't imagine that technology of the Weathermen don't tell me it goes higher, don't worry! Where else can we use this technology like through Puerto, Rico or equalized drain their fish in the water? Is that realistic, the details matter everything? So he would be that now he's underwater the garbage back the corpse not that so I'm. You know the intention is good heed the advice and get the hell out of there. Don't get washed away, don't brave the storm! You know it's funny, I find ironic. All these weather reporters are like do not brave the storm. Everybody evacuate and mean what I'm gonna do anyway. They try to justify staying cause, it's so stupid by over reacting and acting like mm-hmm, like [ __, ] nothing's happening there's another clip little girl, I love, I love these clips. It's just it's incredible! Love that dizzy azzam for hurricanes Florence is a large and extremely destructive. Hurricane storm surge is going to be potentially life-threatening for some areas along the u.s. coastline, and already this is going. We've seen the water picking up over some of the roadways. Let's go ahead and take a look at what could be a reasonable worst-case scenario for areas along Carolina all the way here from Surf City to North, Topsail Beach. We could be talking about up to six feet of fish and again, impacts have already begun today, with the storm approaching even inland. It's not just going to be a coastal event here, areas along Matt. We can show you what this group like, if you were to find yourself in this scenario, the guy other guy had the same exact I thought that was great I love that love it very much and then, of course, there was of all things all their budget. Do they have a production budget that they blow the next way. The report is gonna, be on like the cell phone camera yeah exactly they don't. They can't afford camera man anymore. Then, of course, there was looting. Interestingly, of all places a dollar store was looted. If you're gonna I mean the dollar store, looters dollar store looters, that's gotta, be I, mean that's rock bottom on me: [ __, ], loot, somewhere else, at least if you're gonna break the law, get something more valuable than a Neiman Marcus or something come on yeah anyway, let's watch the video. This reporter is very brave. Entering the kitchen towels a couple kitchen towels, some juice, some some cheap oil. That's useful! You know you could get there. You could steal a ten-pack of sporks. What is pork? It's a it's a fork, spoon combination into one utensil. Oh there's some fancy sports a knife on the side. That's outside of that's the tooth. That's you can't find that kind of quality at the dollar store, though, does anyone else have said that the at the dollar store? Not everything, cost a dollar shouldn't it be I think you know it doesn't upset me because I know that you sometimes I would go shopping in those stores and then it's what I want is like 15 15 dollars that no that's too far. Yeah. If you have a 15 dollar item in the dollar, store close up I'm looting. What I'm I'm losing your dollar store, I understand in this day and age of 2018 we've had a flash in. If you you can kick it up to two or three bucks for a really premium, I'm talking about a spork with a knife up the side, you can charge a premium for that I. Remember in Israel we have those stores and it's like a second store- that's 25 cents by the way, but then what I want would be 20 shaking Oh give me a [, __, ] burger. You make a scene juice to throw stuff, um yellow and you only buy the shaken stuff. Okay, what do you buy? First shekel, that's only 25 cents, I used to love buying stickers there because they would have like really weird Chinese knockoff stickers when like much money, weird-looking. Well, that's what these people are stealing cuz. This is a dollar store, so it's fun and interesting. I can't tell if I feel bad, because it's like pure desperation, they might need food. I mean how desperate are you if you're stealing [ __ ] from a dollar store, I, don't know, go for it. I say really you say: loot, the dollar store, absolutely illegal activity. I I feel bad I feel bad emergency. Someone owns that store. Well, it's kind of drizzling, Dan I'm, not gonna, say that this is a life or death situation right. You never know, but I'm saying like if you're, if you're, if you're looting a dollar store. You're, not like you know, set for life, I mean you might be able to enjoy those stickers. I think. Also, if you own a dollar store, you're not set depends. Is it a chain as a mom-and-pops dollar stores at a Dollar Tree? It's not like Dollar Tree can get looted the [ __ ] out, oh yeah, fine, yeah and and wonderful. When did you become such a vigilante? Jesus Christ amen when it's an emergency I know I did not just Rick I. Just remember. We never did a background check on Dan Dan's, like a police murderer anyway. Watch the bravery of this lady as she confronts these awful dollar store. Criminals in the way comes an awful tragedy. The national emergency I'm just I, want to identify what they're stealing so this guy's got a 12-pack of coke zero. By the way, that's actually those are mini cans. It looks like maybe a 6-pack of minute. How much would that cost in the nose at Ralph's those run about three bucks? So, but if it's a 6-pack of mini cans, you might be able to get those for a buck. Hmm they're probably expired nicely. Excuse me: do you know that you're stealing in six packs of coke zero? Excuse me? What does she think you're caught committing an act of crime you're supposed to stop and do a little interview you know, I mean: can we see your face? Please, sir, and your name and phone number and address I'm really curious to know your weight I'm just trying really want to identify what they've got in the car. Correct he's got what looks like a tub with, like maybe some detergent, Tupperware I mean look if you're willing to steal detergent well, anyway, stealing is stealing folks. Am I right just saying when I break the law and compromise everything I stand for as a human being to get a free six-pack of coke zero expired? Yes, it's like when you're in class and a couple kids are cheating on the exam she's like the kid. That's like I see you guys she's older she's, a [ __ ] snitch is what you mean. Yeah I see nobody wanted. They like candles, there's a full shelf of like candles or like something on them. Look at the star that place is trash she's, so concerned, she's, really brave, no law enforcement. Excuse me, sir. What are you going to be doing with that small can of tomato paste? Excuse me, sir. Excuse me, sir, what are you? You are stealing a. What are those toy guns with like little cranes, folks toilet paper, expensive? This is the worst of the worst. If this is as bad as it gets. Oh thanks very thing and losing your house there's people that, like some some poor kids taking like a six-pack to folks April is just on the ground. This is as bad as it gets folks. Meanwhile, people are [, __ ] dead, their house is floating down anyway. It's all funny. It's all funny I'm, not saying looting, not defending loot. In its a situation, hilarious they're, looting, a dollar store. You got this reporter that thinks she's like on the ground in Vietnam or something you know what I mean folks people getting desperate looking for items looks like they've just busted completely through the door here, I would watch, I could watch I, don't know 30 minutes, I, love that wonderful stuff, really great stuff. What else we got a matter of time? Oh yeah, so here's another bozo out in the storm from the hurricane. Now this guy on the opposite end, you've got dude, pretending to be in danger and then you've got dude, because you send these reporters out when sometimes it is actually dangerous, and this is one of those times Ted before we let you go, we want to make sure that you die just coming out and taking a look at things. This morning, I've seen a couple reporters out driving around, but as we as we turn around now, there aren't many that we can see they're starting to be a couple of the people who have stuck around that gentleman down there and a yellow raincoat is a local I got slammed by huge sheet metal. There's a little shot and I think he's ready to get out of there. Yeah Ted before you go. Can you tell us how did that feel getting hit by a sheet metal? Do you see any other debris flying around? He pulled that on them. Ted before you go you're not getting paid extra hours, Yeah right, I'm, gonna, head out of here, I'm gonna. Let you guys go Ted before you go. Can you tell me, do you see corpses around? Do you see any other flying debris by the way? The one thing that's always common in these reporters out on the field they're getting blown away and acting like the world's in chaos. The cameraman is standing there holding the super heavy thing. He never [, __ ], pudges mm-hmm. You know that's true before you go. Not all heroes. Wear reporter outfits right well said before you go Ted. Can you go near any glass windows that are elected and bust out all right, Ted Oh looks like Ted got hit by a sheet metal before you go Ted, yeah, good stuff huh. Do we have quality content here or what and then, of course you got some classic ones that I wanted to share with you guys you may have seen it. These are my the favors I mean this guy got in trouble, but I feel like these guys kind of goofed up even worse, because well, this lady's in a canoe, okay for Christ's sake and there's someone walking by ankle ankle hi really cut out quick, but the next one's as good as against. Here they brought it. There's more rain continues to fall today. Nbc's Michelle Kosinski in a coup she's in a canoe she's got a paddle she's paddling, her canoe and somebody would literally walk two guys who are like [ __ ]. This lady walk right in front of her and it's just at ankle depth and what I love about the reporters is they call her out so great? They don't try to say well. She was standing on the she's dead, grassy water was they had. There was a deep point, D point: it's much deeper back there because actually Michelle I think it is there some kind of severe drought there. You can ride you guys when you have a ride like this. Why would you want to watch? You run ashore? You know it's funny. Therefore, all the producers are probably in on it and they just tossed her ass yeah, that's hard by the way shout out to Matt Lauer, who actually had a button in his. This is Matt Lauer, all right, Sam yeah the button guy. He had a button in his office. He got me to his stories, one of my favorites. He he didn't. He me to it. He didn't get me to it right, that's the term! He got me too. He tuned he - yeah, he -, so he is among my favorites. He, and this is crazy. He had a button installed under his death. So when people are female interns or whatever came into his office, he had a button. He would push that lock the [ __ ] door behind them. Oh, how do you even think about that? That's, like dr. Evil's, [, __, ] yeah, a button that locks the door from the outside anyway shout out to Matt Lauer. How do they even explain that Lane is like ordering it? You know like what do you put on the work order? Just put it on that weathermen budget. They got on that look at the special effects like yeah I'm gonna need a button. Okay. Now what this button does? Is it locks the door from the outside, so I can really focus and get some work done right? No, no! It's for me to be able to focus, but just hypothetically, if somebody wanted to get out, they have to push this button under my desk to get out now. That's just to make sure that I can focus all the way that I need to strange piece of video. There is your ground I wonder if you ever push the button on there. You know what I mean my. Shall we step into my office I'm, writing about then the button. What are you reading about you talk to me and it turns out. He did not install it. It was a mechanism. There was a standard feature in many of the older offices that was like the whole story: you're debunking that yeah. Well, what was the story? What did he get in trouble for them? Well, it's more, but he didn't personally way he raped somebody, no I, don't know what he did, but sexual misconduct, whatever those allegations, but people were wondering about that if he installed it personally, okay, so he didn't that's just standard issue for except back in the 50s. Now moving on, hmm shout out to Matt Lauer hope he's done good wherever he is GP mean inception: 90-day fiance, we all known love. This show very much I'm a huge fan of the show. So it's on the subreddit. There was a trailer for season. Six I have to tell you. 90-Day fiance is one of the most entertaining shows on television. It is so insane it is so I don't even know how it's legal to openly say to the United States government I am coming with the intention of immigrating. That is like exactly what they say do not do because it's illegal, but somehow TLC has figured it out anyway in the trailer look. What the [ __ ] we found! I've lost all respect for myself. There's a trooper here and Season 6 trailer wearing [ __ ] h3 merch I can't wait to see this. The season well, I've got the I'm gonna watch it yeah. Here, let's watch the trailer and I kept reading. Do you want more information about them? Yeah talk about Matt Lauer, so the was a perk for top executives who wanted privacy for personal calls or security, but it's not clear how many people had it, and apparently he was one of very few. If not the only one that had one what a weird story it did use it according to the allegation. That is so. He used it in videos if you had it and he used it Ali, allegedly, that's crazy man. Okay, let's watch I love that I mean a [ __ ] button that locks the door Christ sweet Oh. What do we got here? The trailer everything tells he makes is great: The Learning Channel Games. Maybe if you watch too soon, maybe the previous season I'm just a dysfunctional broke white guy with no prospects in life, but some beautiful girl from Brazil is in love with me. Maybe she's using me, there's five other seasons of me, yet maybe she's using me. Maybe she just likes my personality yeah right. No, but the American guys are always like the most like weird, socially awkward broke, no professional prospects, basically the most undateable, like very undateable. In my opinion, if I was gay versus what well, you know a an eligible bachelor. No, but what is it? Is it yours really American and yeah? It's always an American I think it's always an American guy, or is it oh? No, so I could there what there was one really big girl, not I mean not gonna say that oh yeah yeah yeah. That's not! You know. Some people are into that. Not me! No. It was part of this story, but she's a huge girl and there was like a super fit guy from Columbia yeah and he kept trying to get her to go to the gym. So he was not into that. So she didn't want yeah, it's great man, it's [, __ ] amazing. The show is like drama City USA, it's so good. Vacation lost my virginity and his baby wow. That's a lot she's beautiful, she's sexy, but there's 90 days to get to know my mother. You know: I live in the basement with my 80 year old mom, she's, beautiful she's, sexy she's, a supermodel, maybe she's using me. Maybe she just wants to come live with me and my mom in the basement. I work and also I work at I deliver pizzas, not that they're I'm not degrading Pizza drivers, but I'm. Just saying these guys have no prospects. We get anything [Music], but there's there's also hope and romance as well. The music you see that romantic day, one beggar, the D every day and the [ __ ] is so good. How are you baby I'm a catch? She walks into this guy's house which, like his full of garbage and flies and [ __ ], welcome to heaven baby. She might be using me I have here. Thank you clean up before a lady moved across country, not internationally yep. You can't even clean up all the coffee cup. No, it's moulding we've got a sleeper cell. We've got a sleeper ego. Ee, oh yeah! We've got a double agent. A perpetrator he's watching reach out yeah, give us the email, dude I love these wearing the shirt like every day. Apparently wait. Is he one of the subjects or is he like that? Brother, okay, I think it's his sister? Yes, that is for his money period anyway. Oh my Jesus Christ. Look at this guy Christ I'm, not saying that good I mean that guy is not a catch. I'm! Sorry, all right enough about this, he might be, he might be he's gonna, give her the D all night long. The point is that it's generally one person his way out of the other person's league yeah and one person is way delusional and one person has the opportunity to give the other person way. Other league a visa. Okay, you guys get the [ __ ] idea. Oh yeah, guys! If you have any questions or you want our opinion on something you want to show us something. You want me to talk about something email. Us I want to start answering emails, every episode, so email us at podcast at h3h3 productions, comm what else we got? Yes, something I've got the fat, shaming, fashion, revolve drop. There's a company called revolve, which is a fashion company that teamed up with Lena Dunham. Actually I, don't know what Lena Dunham thought it's a she comedian I just hear her name all the time the writer she's a writer work. At any rate, she worked on a collaboration with this company and it's a female empowerment collab. So the idea behind it was that they wanted to make clothes that you know promoted body positivity. So with that in mind, let me show you what the final product was. So here you go. Oh I can't I can't expand it the fun! This is definitely ins fault. Why is that so? Just assuming on the disease yeah? What usually, when you click it it just pops out. That's sorry! Let me try refresh it well, any oh man, it's kind of annoying, just you know, page weekend right, try right, clicking it and view image I'm, not doing it so um, here's a beautiful skinny model that says too bony to be bummed, and so the idea was that they took quotes hurtful quotes and they used it as armor to be like hey your words. Don't hurt me horrible result of modern feminism, [, __, ] feminist nightmare, to Boeing to be boned. If you translated a bum onto her face, you'd have a better face, and of course, here again being fat is not beautiful. It's an excuse. Imagine that one is the worst I'm, not understanding that I didn't wearing that. So people look at this 170 dollars being sex cute like OMG, well fit yeah, oh, so what they missed the mark so much what happened here clearly I guess they meant to have a heavier size yeah. You know it's still a weird shirt. If I'm being honest, it is, but company loads are small right. You cannot tell that it's a quote yeah, but either way the beautiful fit model was really just mm-hmm, so people got so upset and everyone was dishing, apologies and whatever, whatever to me. This image, really just is what I love so much being fat is not beautiful. It's an excuse hundred seventy bucks. So thank you to Lena, Dunham and revolt for this collaboration. Howie Mandel. This is a really crazy one. Halle Mendel tells Tyra Bank live on America's Got Talent that she has fake hair now. I guess this is a somewhat common thing of females, I guess: black females, a lot of them have fake, hair, weave, weeds, I watch the whole documentary. You know, Chris Rock made called like good hair or something it was really interesting. Rock huh, yeah I think was Chris, Rock, hmm and I didn't actually know. This was a thing, but a lot of black women have fake hair like from India, so their hair. They have like tiny little cornrows and then they weave real hair of like straight or wavy hair, and they have like really elaborate. Weaves apparently you're not supposed to touch black woman's hair. Actually even a lot of white women have extensions. No so extensions yeah. No, it's crazy, yeah. The extensions like I've seen it where you take the extensions out and there it's just like three times as much volume yeah, it's like what the hell I, don't really personally care that much about the whole hair thing, but hey woman, one feel beautiful, don't want the other thing and kind of awesome anyway. How we apparently knows because they spend a lot of time backstage together, that Tyra has fake hair, and so the probably is what makes this even more embarrassing. So let us enjoy it's so bad. He genuinely thinks that she's setting him up for like a gag I, don't know what was he thinking and or he's just really trying to make a joke, but it was so bad. Well, she said: I have no idea what it feels like that fake hair yeah, and so he was like making a joke. I. Think no, but then I think he really was like. Oh my god, what did I say here? I mean here watch he tries to change the subject. Okay, Tyra is not happy. Yeah I mean [ __, ] I gotta watch. That was awful that that this was real, oh right, when in real, what do you mean because he was like? Oh I should have said that yeah, okay I think he was trying to make a joke, but it was really uh-huh. They went wrong, so Tyra has fake hair. To be honest, I wouldn't have guessed it because, usually you can see it in the forehead. I, don't know, that's a really good weave. I know she's rich yeah. She got that crazy, [, __, ] weaves, you know yeah, you don't want it to be noticeable sure, but it's pretty I mean well. So what the hell does it look like when she takes her hair off mm-hmm? You don't know about it. I, don't think you take it off. I, don't want you. When you go to the barber, you keep it on all the time they fix it up. You guys sure watch this very good hair by Chris Rock. It's really interesting Tara how we fascinating stuff guys. We've got great content here on the h3 podcast and you don't ever want to miss a single episode because you just don't know what's coming next, isn't that right either yep, we don't even know what's coming next. Nobody knows guys. Have you seen this um Joey salads? This is kind of it. I, don't know this I don't know when it's from, but I love. This I don't think I've washed it with you guys before, but Vitaly saw Joey salads at a gym and like confronted him, cuz Joey said he wanted to [ __ ], his mom or something and it's just it's so priceless I'm gonna tell you it's not recent because Vitaly this dates. Look like you look Dragon Ball Z, oh man, Vitaly looks crazy. He looks like Bruno from Ali G well anyway. Here he is what up guys so I just walked in the gym and guess what a [ __ ] seat I see: Joey [, __ ], the salads, the [ __ ]. You know what Vitaly don't [ __ ], don't don't put disrespect on Joey, salads name, all right, Joey salads he's a guy. You know what that's fine, you're fine he's in front of the show, but he's got a lot of dressing on that salad. Me disrespecting me my mother saying he wants my mother says he wants to [ __ ], my mother, talking all this smack making videos online I'll walk into the gym, he's gone. What's the other guy in the locker room? Why are you sending me gay porn? Damn just Google Batali 2018 [Music], all the videos matric talking [ __ ] about my mom, the one video I made a year ago, yeah I, like Joey's boy band full-time. It can't be that old. If he's got you [, __, ], disrespecting, my mother. Well, maybe in this country can not in [ __ ] Joey does tend to think that whatever he doesn't YouTube doesn't mean anything yeah like a fake box matter, yeah Trump car experiment he's missing. I, don't know! Oh my god. Look at this picture, vitally rocky or driving ballsy seriously looks like man. He looks like a suit. Like he's - Drogo, that's the that's! The guy from Rocky I mean he looks like he's on his way to shoot a gay porn and I mean I, don't mean to say it like. This is like I mean he's got the bleach tips. He's got the pink top there you into the muscles ela I, actually am not at all good thank God not to this level, I, don't what is that amount of muscle freedom? Well, there's some in his new vlog, you were pointing out to me today were his thighs. That was like big he's like driving his car. A friend is recording from this side and his arm is like taking up the whole screen. What is that I? Just I get the feeling like when dudes get this jacked. They do it for each other. I. Don't think that many women, like that's, why I like trying to save our women with all the surgeries mm-hmm I, feel like it becomes like a competition between themselves and I. Don't even think the guys even care, no I, don't think so. Lex, of course, like a jack, do with like a six-pack, is attractive and looks good, and you like that, but like at what point like here, Dan just sent me this photo like when you get like mr. universe, jacked I feel like that's just the dude I think there's nothing wrong with him in the before picture. Okay, that's that great everyday man, girl, um, but I had any rate I. Just I saw him he's like working out with all of his dudes and they're all getting like jacked as [ __, ] and they're all like checking each other out and they're. All like almost naked I was like this is gay? There's nothing wrong with that. But, like this looks like you know, god bless some. Maybe I'll find out something new mm-hmm that isn't something funny about that. Just a bunch of naked dudes lifting he just made a boy, a boyfriend joke at Joey all right. He was like you and your boyfriend here Joey. Is that what he said I think hey Joey. They might make a good couple decision. I think they can make some really good Frank Luntz together, and you know Joe he's no stranger to take gay porn. He had a whole tumblr page for gay men. I, don't know if you guys know that he had this whole thing where he was putting his dick in a hot dog bun and putting like mustard on it and his roommate was recording it and they started putting it on tumblr and they had a whole huge following. Oh my god, he had a beautiful following of gay men following him, yeah and I. Think at one point he just got. He was like what am I doing any race, a real variety man, yeah and I'll. Tell you and let me say something about Joey when he was in here. I shook his hand. He has the softest [ __ ] hand. Never not like lotion like bro I touched his hand and I was like what you know. I would suck so much dick. Like you know, would you choose Holly or Joey to what I thought? That's a tough one. Well, I know Vitaly can't even get it up from the big bucks days. Joey seems like he has a sweet soul if I'm being honest, Vitaly seems totally unhinged and insane yeah Joey. He seems to have a sweet soul, and you know those soft hands would would be would have me here in a split second personality. I think Joey, yeah I think I'll go with Joey all day Joey if you're listening, gonna cut that part enough. With this channel h3 wants to date, Joey stuff, yeah I want to [ __ ] Joe. It I'll put your dick in a hot dog bun in a damn split. Damn second um guys. We have the best content here. Do we not what else goop you guys heard about? Oh you know goop. We always make fun of goop when we do like braids as they say it's an Oprah, it's in goop and I was like what the [ __ ] is go so goop Gwyneth Paltrow. The actress owns this magazine called goop, and actually we spoke about in a magazine. It's a it's a lifestyle. The multi-million comp first of all is like what kind of name is goop. Apparently it's just her initials Gwyneth, Paltrow, GP and she's like I, wanted a name that meant everything and anything and nothing I was like goop is a pretty literal. That's like a sound of like like goop yeah. It's like good, it's gross! It's like when you take a [, __ ] comes out of your ass goop. It's like that sound effect. If you play it's kind of a group, it's just go pretty goopy. So anyway, we spoke briefly about goop before because they got in trouble for selling stickers that were apparently infused with NASA technology, to increase your energy level and that's totally a game what the [ __ ], but now they're back, they're being sued again, because they have vaginal eggs, Jade eggs that you insert in your vagina. This is fantastic stuff, guys I'm, going to pull up some pictures that are appropriate for everyone. You know I've been more fascinated by this this egg, not only you see this photo because it's really graphic well here. Let me show you this. So it's like an egg that you shove up your vag and you keep it there like all day. It's crazy! What do you think about that? I mean I'm supposed to do you care, I'll. Read it I'll. Tell you all about. It sounds very uncomfortable. Um here I've got the whole I got the low down here. So there's a picture of basically it's a drum I don't want to show it, but it you you. You know it's it. You know you put it up there like a tampon, I guess, but except the giant stone from kegels to vaginal steaming. We're not shy here at goop, apparently not apparently, don't think much either. We don't think much here at goop. Why not think? Oh they cuz I love this. They call it a strictly guarded secret of Chinese royalty, queens and concubines used them to stay in shape for emperor's jade eggs were said to harness the power of energy work and crystal healing Shiva Rose has been working with them for about seven years and raves about the results, Jade eggs power to cleanse and clear make them ideal for spiritual detox. You still have any questions that explained everything Jade eggs can help cultivate sexual energy, clear, Chi, yeah, cultivate, intensify and femininity and invigorate our life force just to name a few. It's a holistic combination of things where one benefits builds to another Jade also takes away negative energy. It's a very heavy material, and incidentally, it just shoves really easily right up to your [ __ ] badge hole, that's folder for them to write. They did not anyway, the shit's hilarious, I'm bummed, it's just for women that all sounds great. You can try it bro I got anal eggs. You think it still works right. How do we start when you first get your egg? Boil it? What it's a sacred space so make sure you clean. For me it's about physical cleaning. You could put it under the light of a full moon to clench and recharge it. What the [ __ ] or you could burn sage. The egg does absorb energy, so I like how they go from NASA energy to Chinese I, don't know uh Chinese secret. You know what goop is it's the sound that Jade egg makes when it plops out of your veg before I, insert an egg I'll. Do a ritual I'll place it on a beautiful piece of fabric, light a candle and then shove it up. My [ __ ] nasty snatch for my ritual I'll. Imagine pure light flowing from my nasty snatch and shove an egg in there. Oh really that supposedly I don't know any there's somewhere in it. There's enough! No, no! It's something! It's some lady one of their editors I would assume always wrap the egg in silk. Keep it clean and store it on an altar. Oh! No! What it should take a sacred place in your life, an altar one. Does not it's like a sacred podium? I, don't know. Gonna egg gets none more lost, good question: I, don't good! This is the most common question we get and no, it cannot get lost depending on the size of your cavernous cavernous giant vag. Possibly it could get lost for a couple of weeks depending on on how fat your vagina is. No, they say no, it cannot get lost. What about stuck, but there are ones that have a toll drilled in them so that you can bungee in and Splunk in your vagina and follow the lifeline to the egg. Now you can put a thread through the egg and to make it easy to take out like way if you were to spelunk into a cavern. You know. What's blocking is its cave, diving, yeah I, remember that from the prank envision spelunking with? Are there people who should not use Jade eggs, very good question if you're on your cycle, do not you percent of people if you're pregnant do not shove that egg in there? Okay, man, if you have a functioning brain, do not shove it in I yeah, exactly people with functioning braids should not use Jade eggs, so there it is. So what happened? Is that uh? So what happened? Was that they're being sued for basically making unsubstantiated unscientific untested claims? Basically everything I, just read people like let's [, __ ], you cannot say that, and they came into it and they're being sued federal meant. Oh, they did so yeah. Why are you so familiar cuz? They paid 150; no, there was oh, they lost 145 thousand. So there you go I'm warden, I'm, just more interested in the egg itself. That product is incredible. How much is it it's like $70 yeah? Seventy bucks, not bad for a not bad for a rock that you shove up your [ __ ], [, __, ], hmm, it's not just any rock I got a couple of rocks. If you guys want for 60 bucks, you can shove up your ass. Are they Jade either recharge by the energy of the moon? Yes, there's another headline for tonight has been cited in more than 200 divorce proceedings. That's it there's really nothing more than that, and finally guys we do have an email. If you guys have emails, questions concerns you want to hear us talk about something make sure to email. Podcast at h3h3 productions. Comm I have got an email to close up the show today from a sweet young man named Daniel. Now Daniel, like many of you out, there are young men impressionable minds who are looking for answers and better ways, a little more holistic natural life, and he heard our discussion, mine and Bert's about wiping how we wipe from the front we march to the beat of our own wipe. We mark we march from the front others they wipe from the back normal, not well. Normal is the subjective term. You'll and I want to go that far say a normal mean the standard posi body positivity. So I'm gonna read my email. I thought it was a great email and I wanted to share it with all you guys and, and it really and it created a new dimension on this whole conversation about front wiping worse back, wiping, okay, something that I had, which was an unintended consequence, but a wonderful consequence of it. So um. Let me begin here: dear Ethan, for 25 years, I have been a back wiping and Ruth Oh. Today, I am proud to say that I have thrown in the toilet paper and I've committed to front wiping moving forward. I was first introduced to front wiping in high school when a participant on a reality show revealed to his peers that he wiped from the front I, like the other people on the show, was disgusted by the thought of it. It garnered the typical reaction that most unenlightened people have where they imagined smearing feces up their ballsack out of my own curiosity, I tried it one day and confirmed my own suspicions that it was an insufficient way of cleaning my ass and due to my naivety, however, oh due to my own naivety, however, I now realize I was doing it incorrectly by converting my own stand-up back wiping technique to a front style that was wildly uncomfortable fast forward to ten years later, and a big fan of your show I was disappointed to be faced with the issue. Once again, you spoke with Tom Segura and Chris D'elia I found myself disagreeing with you, as I had already settled this debate myself as a teenager. It was not until your episode with Bert Kreischer that I was willing to give front Weiping a second chance, hmm, when I learned that you remain seated through the experience. I realized I had made a mistake in my past experience, then something that either you or Bert said really clicked with me. It does not make sense to wipe a hole. It needs to be a scoop in order to clean and I do believe that was after this I was readiness for me. Ela, please we're talking about scooping. This is personal and spiritual after this I was ready to truly open myself to change, and why I'm wiping technique well felt a bit weird at first I have been blown away by the results. First off it is more natural reach, as opposed to the awkward and standing up and reaching backward. You don't need to stand up. I stay fit. A lot of people stand up you guys back there. Do you stand up when you wipe from the back it's more of like a slight lift and you let I mean you left. It's not I mean well, it's still technically seated. I'd say somewhere in between it's a lift. A lot of you know a back. Wipe again can I this is emotional. This is important to me. First off it is more natural reach, as opposed to the awkward stand up and reaching backwards. Secondly, I'm able to perform a quick couple of scoops oof, it's what he Rowland's when I said god dammit. This is the truth as opposed to a rough wipe. That only makes the task harder, as you smear [, __, ], up your ass crap and, lastly, I'm able to finish and less wipes with a cleaner result. I just wanted to thank you for your continued efforts. You are truly the Nelson Nelson Mandela of wiping and I feel as if I am NOT. The only person to be converted by your wisdom, I, had doubts about this technique for a decade and I can only think about all the ways to time I've spent using an insufficient inefficient. Wiping motion I recommend all back wipers, give it one week trial, because the result is truly life-changing. Thank you, you're sincerely and pl I do not use baby wipes. I have heard nothing but horror stories about the Damned. Okay, you know yeah, you had me until you started talking [ __ ] on baby wipes Daniel, but you know I, wonderful, I, think I was moved because I was never my intention to convert anyone. I, never thought of as a misunderstood soul, a victim of my own success of wiping but I hope that he doesn't switch back once. He understands that he doesn't need to stand out to wipe from the back. It's been wiping his ass, his whole life. He knows what he's on. Interestingly, Zach I just heard our sound guy he's our sound intern he's helping us out with sound. He told me today they in his house, they don't even have toilet paper. They go pure, wet wipe which I have never seen. I've, never seen that and frankly, I find it a little strange, because I would never I would never recommend to start wet, because that's just asking for trouble, I recommend to Zach and all anyone else out there. You have to take a hybrid approach because you want to start dry and what so Zach welcome aboard. Pretty strange Zach: do you wipe from the front or the back? Can you talk into the mic? You serious wait. Are you [, __ ] kidding the aircon is just saying that I don't know what that would. Let me get this straight Zach. Are you just saying this to get the job right here or something you wouldn't lie about this? You swear. You wouldn't lie about this hila. It's embarrassing! Let me tell you, save your life hold on hold on you're, telling me that you wiped from the back until you heard this show and then based on my anecdote, you decided to lift your own balls and dick in one hand reach under them and scoop out the [ __ ] from the front I cannot and you prefer it wait, and in is the front one out again. I, don't know that we were ever asked him where, where do you wipe from you think we did yeah and then and then you're a back person right, yeah, wait. Dan is no I'm an out here for one and in have you always wiped from the front no I converted you kidding. Oh, why did you convert what makes you say to yourself, oh and in the middle of your life that you're gonna start lifting up your dick and balls and scooping out [ __ ] from underneath it I didn't know that that was possible and then I think someone in a show said it and I went what that's madness. Huh I tried it back and you think it's superior, absolutely listen to me. Truly a prophet I've been saying again: have you tried it now? They know what I did yes, no I gave it. I gave it an honest: go. Did you scoop? No, there is some stupid, yeah I mean I I wanted to be objective. You know, I'd go into it without bias. Didn't like it didn't like it now, Dan tell me you were sitting on the John mm-hmm right and generally, where am I yeah, but I just want to make sure you did the technique right and then what which hand did you wipe with no well I'm a righty? So you lifted your balls and deck with your left correct. You remain seated. Yes, when you went in with the right hand, went in under underhanded underhand technique: yeah, that's how you do it I know, I, think I nailed, it I think I nailed the technique in unjust I'm, not fan. You may need to try to the group mix, make an egg in there I'm down for that for sure, Chuck, Francis, yeah well, I have to tell you this was a I open. It not only was Zac a recent convert yeah at that Ian's independent and in he's a talented young man he's until he's got a good head on his shoulders in high school. He said to himself: there's got to be a better way and he was converted from that. First scoop and I find that power. We just found out two conversions in one week: Wow incredible stuff and I thought that we were just talking here wasting everyone's time. No, you know how many people are gonna front scoop tonight. Let us know, send some emails. Send us your thoughts. Cassady productions.com, you all right. Well, today is Friday. We've got o ksi on Tuesday, hey that'll, be exciting. Yeah. We've got a lot to tell them. We've announced that ya know we didn't so ksi is on Tuesday. That's our episode. Next week, I'm working on the h3 video, hopefully we'll be out this weekend. I, don't know who knows hmm we'll see, I'll do my best. With that all being said had we did it do I think we did so on. How are the numbers chuckles back here? I think the numbers are low because I heard people say it wasn't showing up yeah apologize to anybody that didn't get the notification I mean I. That I got it on my phone, but yeah I guess in the tweet I saw some responses that people were having trouble finding the episode today so yeah we will. We won't investigate luck, maybe emailed our context at um. Even when I went to our podcast channel, you know it will usually show there and didn't show I have to click on the video yeah huh mm-hmm. What the hell you two enough. People found it cuz we're at like 17,000 now yeah. Ultimately, it did well but um, but yeah anybody that uh I got screwed by that. We apologize find that strange. My wonder: if there's a thing in the settings we [ __, ] up or not likely just say, YouTube ugh I think it's got to be because again, I I did get it. I mean I. I got all the no look. Can we have a contact? We can email at YouTube right, yeah, yeah well we'll reach out. Well, we can figure out what happened. Oh man, you gotta love YouTube. It's like never know what you're gonna get imagine being like NBC and you're, like new episode of Seinfeld, maybe half of the people's TVs don't turn on half a half of everybody. Just gets scrambled waves when they turn on NBC. Imagine that alright guys have a great weekend tomorrow, the bad ksi on Tuesday and that'll. Be it for this week. Hey guys! All right is this: it is Friday right, it's Friday. What do we do? The idea was so mixed up. Lately, I, don't know cry day. Tomorrow. We've got dinner, yeah dinner, dad's birthday, oh yeah, my dad's birthday, we're gonna. Take him out hit Monday. We got [ __ ] to do I hate having stuff to do on the weekend. You know it sucks. You feel free to anything all right, bye, everybody we're going enough thanks, [Music] [Music].