Welcome everybody to the first episode of the h3 podcast line. It's actually like the seventh episode, but this one is live on. Twitch T, Ford's, twitch.tv, /h, taboos, reproductions where we'll be live-streaming every week, Friday 3 p.m. PST unless we're late, but we shoot for that time. Today we are joined by my good friend and a sweet, lovely guy, talented artist. You guys know him as post Malone. What's going on, he's he's the best family family and before we begin I just want to say that this is like my little Schilling moment. I have to do that. You know. Supporting show usually will have ads, but I'll say it since we're on Twitch Amazon bought twitch, and they have this wonderful thing where, if you have Amazon Prime, you can link it to your twitch account and subscribe to our stream for free, that's literally free money from Amazon. It's the craziest thing ever the rebel we get from that is so awesome. It makes this experience a wonderful thing for us because we get Chetta. So if you have Amazon Prime smash that subscribe button link it to Amazon and we get a free subscription, let's see if we can get this podcast to 500 trillion, likes I'm, shooting for half a 500 trillion I'm looking for what's over a trillion. So how are you feeling Doug I'm, fantastic I'm, a little hungover from last night, yeah I was there, but I only hit my snooze button once and I'm here and I'm ready to get weird come on boy. We were originally planning to just be mean he listens. We were troubleshooting. This and I was hanging out with Austin last night and I was like Dawg. Do you want to join us like friend, of the show style like? Obviously we want to have you on like exclusive I was like, let's friend, of the show, this [ __, ] and Austin? What time you usually wake up like whenever this started? Not not the original start time, but the start time that we just like for for yeah. So when I wasn't easy, so when I was like yo be there at like, can you be there at like 3:00, yeah and you're like like I, understand that you made a real commitment? I did I did I asked if there was any flexibility and he said there was and then you know I was on time, but Ethan and ela we're not yeah. That makes other people in the twitch comments. It's not my fault I'm, just a guy I have feeling not you're I'm. Just people say: I have really beautiful blue eyes, but I'm. Just a guy you're saying you can be both you can't beautiful blue eyes and be just a guy. You really think so. No anything yeah! So, okay, so obviously we don't usually drink I, don't think I've ever drink on camera. Good. Ever like you, a lot of youtubers do like I'm getting drunk and doing some wild stuff, I'm gonna kiss a boy I, don't know people do when they drink. But today in honor of Austin coming out, we got a 30 pack of Bud Light. We have like how many cigarettes can we see like I, think half a carton, five packs, including this one I'd say: 100 100, ciggies yeah in total, this is class. This is class at its finest mmm for it nothing like walking around with five packs of cigarettes in a little plastic baggie. You should tie that around your waistband. We should have like a like a satchel like a you know how people in the medieval times would carry their coins in such a going purse, but like fine leather, like beautiful embroidery, Z, maybe some like torched patterns on them, yeah, let's go siggy pouch, Ziggy pouch. You see Ziggy pouchy, here's the thing, though I, like the plastic bag. Look I, think I like that. If we could just get Gucci to make a plastic bag yeah, it's like it's like kind of like garbage. You know where you can't tell if it's helmet, if it's homeless, guy or fashion, you never played a game on. You could play that game on the street like it's like a homeless, or is he just fashionable as [ __ ]? It's the Ethan money, people, people know I'm, not fashion, they just know. I'm homeless is fun. It's done Ethan. He needs to give some Gucci sandals. Yes, good. You thought I was I was telling Austin. He was trying to she's trying to break me down. We've been together now for ten years, and now all the sudden she's trying to break me down she's trying to get me stuff. Like some bands, I said the first yeah I noticed he looked very sad wearing bands today, which isn't like the epitome of style, but it's better than what I was wearing, which was like old man, potatoes on my feet. So did you change those this morning? Is that what you check out these kicks boy? It's literally just a van those are on fire, but we match but I'm sure this I look like a mental patient. Austin put this picture on Twitter of him with glowing. Yeah I did look very godly, I, look like Hercules. Can you pull that up, can't show the TV I want to see Austin glowing, but maybe with the anyway so I have a funny story. From from yesterday, we were hanging out I I, didn't tell you guys why I hate, Los, Angeles I, like Los Angeles, but there's a couple of things: I hate about Los Angeles here, for example, we're hanging out at Austin's house. There's all this [ __ ] on on the counter we're drinking we're smoking, we're having some last couple of guy who's, Zeus, Zeus, laughs riots, romps, there's like a little chocolate on the counter and I'm like no chocolate right, I'm happening I got a little buzz. Let's have some chocolate and like when there here's the thing. Whenever you eat a chocolate or a beverage, you take some anything from the counter or someone's fridge. You have to check it, make sure there's no THC right. That's California in California have to make sure there's no THC on random snacks. So I look at this thing and I'm like yeah. It looks like a little chocolate, give it to ela. She eats it. How was it by the way of course I was trying to it was just one little bite. I was like Eli put on some cows baby imma. Take care of. You know nothing about that piece of chocolate indicated that it had weed in it right. It was small and packets. Really nice, like a tiny cube of chocolate in a really nice back. I did wonder like who yeah looks a little weird but like who would Pat who go through all the effort to package this one little bite of chocolate, but it was too late. So yeah it was such a small bite that I just put in my mouth, so it's too late once it makes in once it makes contact you're high as [ __, ] yeah, pretty much I love it so yeah. So basically he would downstairs chocolate and I look I I put on like my my jewelers binocular and then I see, oh, it says 25 milligrams of THC at the bottom and then we're like we need to leave before that time. I was already melted. Ethan comes up he's like yo yo, yo yo. We gotta go dude Ethan's, our only chance, so I have to go right now. Oh no, so BER right it was our sober driver and then all sudden she's about to start going weird and wild with with it. The thing is we don't ever smoke so when that [ __ ] comes on it comes hard, even afterwards was looking for it for like it's something else right we didn't it was it. When you go home, it was blasted. Really she was talking to be there for her. I was drunk and like before we left. I was looking for edibles cuz I didn't want to leave her like you mention. If you put away quicker you do it down yeah, maybe but like it was kind of a mistake because I don't ever smoke, I, don't eat [, __ ], and this morning I woke up and I and I feel I. Don't understand people who I know a lot of people enjoy it. It doesn't work for me like I, woke up this morning. I feel like I have autism. So what did you do? I just I like I, know, I ate it. I ate it some oh of a power yeah, if someone's much par there, so I munched on someone's bar munching on bars. It's like an official like much like I think. Yes, the minds fight trademark THC, so I munched, a bar I'm gonna, break a couple of rules: oh dude, when post Malone's here we smoke we drink, we get weird I want to flip this table, I'm, gonna fight, Alex and then Jason shit's gonna get weird for you, so we're gonna be drinking and smoking. So let's go I, don't know if I wonder if our lucky dude. Let's turn these. Let's turn these business dudes on their head away. Man turn them flip around once judo throw. Maybe we should put a towel on the door like a hotel or something just so. The I think we're fine, but there's like a lot of carpet that smells gonna get like nice in here. I always think of you exactly so I'm just trying to help you guys and give it a little rustic house, like your grandma's house, is grandma's house ya, know some cigarettes ever since I was a kid grandma blowing smoke in my face. Have you it was really. You got a smile yeah. She had ashtrays all around in the house, like just very conveniently in every room like one of the tall ones like at the hotels I think she stole them from hotels cuz. They were very. They were very classy. Very nice Wow I'm, a grandma Malone grandma Diane grandma Diane Diane Fraser, almost I seen it Fraser mm-hmm kateed, like the TV, show so growing up watching your green, oh girl, oh growing up did I say that no I suspect I was Irish well, like I was saying anyway. The point of that story about how I ate edibles yesterday was just to say, like I woke up this morning, I feel like I, have mild autism, I'm learning, I'm legit. Think that being high feels like having optimism, you see what you see I'm just putting out disclaimer now, so you guys know why I'm acting specifically autistic today- that's not you know whatever anyway. So where were we? So you grew up with your grandma. She was smoking around yeah. Well, yeah I mean you know, that's that's how we get down I, think you're, not good. I was born, so I was born in Syracuse where's that upstate New York, but yeah Syracuse boy, Buffalo, buffalo, yes, I was born in four Teamster. Our lives would honor really from Buffalo yeah dude I was born in Syracuse, and my grandparents lived in like Walton and Rochester and all that stuff, and my you know, my mom's side is very like country and very loves, loves tractors and horses and stuff. So they just love to smoke anything that they can get their hands. Whatever is good yeah there's not too bad rest, her soul. She was just running around and just having fun. Holding me I love her to death. Do you do when did you leave upstate New York I? Was nine I moved to Dallas? My dad works for the Cowboys. Go boys God's team, America's team, the roof the roof opens, so you can watch them so God can watch them play. Is that right? That's true! That's actually a fact. The thing is like I. You would assume that God could see through a room. I know, but you know he is symbolic me think he's like he's got flaws. Just like us he's one of us he's like: can you guys open the roof? Watch the boys come on, get bad perspectives. You imagine God and I in a in a cowboy jersey, so cool spot yeah god is blazing I hate camel, crush right now and drinking a Bud Light I really enjoyed your guy's enthusiasm when I said Cowboys Cowboys Cowboys, you can't it's hard to deny the power of being a cowboy. It's true. So do you have fun memories of when you lived in New, York or like I? Was you know like not really not really that much? Hmm! It's like I. Remember one memory. Actually a couple memories! I could tell you guys a couple memories who want to take a trip down memory, lane I'm gonna light one of these up in your honor yeah kill it as I. Don't smoke, I, don't endorse smoking, but when I'm with Austin you make it's just cigarettes ordered a lot of weed packed into obviously based on my previous story. Smoking is like the worst thing ever for me anyway. I'd love to hear your stories take a lap, this one's a quickie, shorty shorty shorty, but a quickie and a goodie and I tried. I got a snow mobile snowboard for Christmas and I tried to snowboard in my front lawn. It's one memory that I realized that snowy I mean that no I mean there was there was out literally couldn't you know you suppose, a snowboard on a hill or something yeah. It was just so yard. Like I was reading some powder there's. No, there was nothing yeah. It's shredded um, another great memory, my birthday's on July 4th Oh every year. My dad would get hella fireworks and shoot him in the backyard and I hated it. I was so scared. I thought the cops are gonna, come and arrest everybody, and one time my friend Vinnie threw a match into the whole box of fireworks and it just fainter it [ __, ] Vinnie did and he were Jenkins I just remembered. That's a great fact about Vinnie those big jeans, like the big rage, raver jeans, he was older than me, I was maturing. Mature I was like raver yeah yeah yeah I've seen a person, those jeans and thought like that's a normal guy right. This guy doesn't have anything wrong with them. Yeah right, but at that time I didn't know shout out shout out to Vinnie shout at the Vinny he sent off them now. I haven't talked to him for a minute, I hope, you're still rocking those jeans by and I hope, you're still killing them janko's bleh and he threw it and they exploded everywhere and that's a great story, a really inconclusive story, so usually we'll have a camera set up that we could switch to. But for now that's what Austin's this guy's cool as hell. Look at the other photos of it. I did a whole flip book Wow. So what do you think when you see someone like that? What are you supposed to think what what is he's gained on iPhones he's got? Are you sick, iPad, minis long? Do you think you could make this cool Jenko um? You know it I'll, give it a try. I, think that would be a great outfit for an idiot, hookah, shelter, puka shells and janko's. We should do a video as a my new. That's what my new albums called that goes kind of cool the guard, the fourth guy. Oh, that's, sick, he's like tilting on the whole planet. He's plort I love holy, my god! It's like a tent. You could like take a nap under it. I love how they have to show him off. You know before the picture he had to flare them all out as wide as he could. That's for sure. Look how big my jeans are. Look at that [, __, ], bucket hat I love how nothing matched back then yeah! Nothing went together like he's, got brown grey, green, blue eye stuff like it out, machen I, don't understand matchy matchy, so you don't want to match too much yeah. You don't want to be one of those guys. That's like blue hat blue shirt. Blue socks! Blue! You don't want to be the type of guy to wear all like all white to like you don't want to be white. You can pull off the mental patient. Look you know I just escaped on that excitement. I'm glowing when you pull up that picture, Jay who's on the laptop you you, you plop, the glowing post Malone lead is lame. Look at this! What look at this there's? No filter, no filter, really hashtag, no filter Li. The gods that watch over the Dallas Cowboys was watching this podcast now and blessed you with a glowing aura. I. Look great! Oh I! Look like Hercules from the movie Hercules Hercules reborn. Really! Maybe we should need to do a feat of strength. Okay. What do you need? Well, I carried this 30 pack up those stairs and you had like a really fast recovery and then that's surprising, surprising. One minute I was back to normal breath. Is it kind of incredible so how's it like so before you retire? You got a beard so like if you first of those you guys who don't know the story of I'm still drinking this no I like the flavor of just ash. So for you guys who don't know the story of post correct me if I'm wrong, but you were doing your thing, you were making some some indie music just doing some [ __ ] on your own yeah I was just running around I was making at the at one time. I was in a I, was doing acoustic sets at a restaurant. I was trailing gigs yeah like gigs, that give me 200 bucks and free chicken parmesans yeah, it's great, it was great. I was in a metal band, making beats making a mixtape, obviously yeah. It was everything yeah and I. Seen some of your weird [ __ ] do I want to watch those. Some of they are weird like sketches. You made yeah I mean there's only one, there's one class one before we get into that. I want to talk about. Basically you were doing all that stuff, and then you made white Iverson yeah and that where did you post that originally SoundCloud and did it blow up on soundcloud before youtube, post, Malone old sketch? Now you got to type in Leon de Chino, so you posted so anyway cut just to give context Austin, post Malone, he made this musically go to white Iverson. Had it now has like almost 400 million view, it's crazy why it went massive years, so you posted that originally on soundcloud and people were digging at the end before the on youtube yeah, so maybe I had put it on. Maybe I had put it on soundcloud and youtube at the same time, but SoundCloud was really where it started. Like popping really know what I mean it's like, I woke up and then the next day it had thousands of plays and then I think I had tens of thousands, so just completely unexpected war night yeah, my homie key put yeah. So we put out the song and my homie key tweeted it and I guess he was [ __ ] with him, so was retweeted it and sort of Mac, Miller and I woke up, and it was just like wow all these people that I listen to heard my song. Why do you feel great crazy, wild crazy, cuz I, never thought that anybody would ever like and that I've ever made so it was, it was mind book. Everyone probably feels that way. Yeah I definitely felt that way. When we were making videos, although we were making [ __ ] that songs great humble, beginning yeah, you know so: oh I, don't know they may be. Probably the probably I mean that top one looks good. Oh no is that before click that top one, let's just see, I mean four minutes. That's got to be it right. This might be a whole video, but so how long did it take on youtubes? Where you got this point, we have like hundreds of millions of views. How fast was that um not I mean it? I got a million views quickly. Cuz we shot the video we shot the video very kind of a long time after the song came out, so the song was already kind of pop. In so I put the video up, it cost five thousand dollars and you put like all your money down on that yeah we'll meet. My manager did yeah, so we just had the video and then it started popping, and here we are four four times: platinum, Stoney's, platinum, I'll, cheer, salamis. Here, yes, abeer yeah, Papa top Cheers on this got him. I got him. You know it's brought to you by like when it's buh-bye loot, crate is about my pain, you they should be no we're talking to them right now. They I think they're. Gonna do my festival because I think there's some legal stuff. You know cuz I'm, so young and 21, so it I think you had to be 25 right. Think several, but I'm not sure I, haven't really looked into it. That much I just know they give me free beer and I'm content with that cuz. What here? What do you need? I mean you did you you, you drinking lots of beer? That's like you sponsorship, it's good stuff! I, like ever since I met you I'm I'm, popping that Bud Light, it's good. It's refreshing! It's refreshing light. This is just turned into a Bud Light, it's alright! It's alright pay me and then I'll be great. I I! Think it's great, but not that great, yet I could think it's better could be better. So after that one huge you like what happened, how did the? How did you go from like boom millions of views on YouTube this song's poppin wide Iverson to where you are now like how'd that happen just kept doing shows they do a lot of free shows well started reaching out to you yeah yeah did a lot of free shows did a lot of just marketing running around getting my face out there interviews all that stuff, and you know everything went great. That's it because I'm super handsome and likable- and they just say wow here- we're gonna, make this guy a star, and now you and you just released your first album not that long ago, in December yeah, which was a hit I love that album yes slam shot to Pharrell. Did you listen to that of the animals last night? No straight to bed. I know that's crazy man! It's a real Cinderella story. It is it's really the cheesy corniest like made it story, it's so sick cuz! It's like the American dream right, it's alive and well in you know, so it is and it I feel like a lot of people were kind of rooting against you right, yeah like who is this white boy, yeah who's, this white kid trying to come in and yeah it's wild? It's live everybody yeah! This everybody hated me. Everyone wanted to write you off as like a one-hit wonder exactly, but now I'm a two-hit, wonder, congratulations! A exactly the exact Lee! The truth is, if you to get that second hit, yeah, yeah, I, think I think so too and I level. When people say you know this guy's, a one-hit wonder why say I have one more hit than you do. It's not it's not easy. I still don't have a hit. I think he could sell flow like in town, yeah, I. Think we're I think that one's coming on the way yeah. Let's watch that first, so you guys I, don't know if you saw this, but on Twitter I, never seen a tweet honest through that may read it had like 300,000 like yeah thousand retweets. It's wild and I've never seen nursing that either Twitter weather step. You guys are stiii, I love it worse. I told you dude I just want. Let everyone know I, don't know what you guys might find there that's Anna Smith and his family. Listening to my song, which is awesome, we can just watch all this [ __ ] on your yeah. My feet isn't incredible: how many? How many go down through the tweets? Let's see how many, how many retweets you got, whoa, that's wild! Oh, that's! Wild dude Trump doesn't get like I, don't even know who this guy is just how many followers does he'll I checked when it broke. He had like 300 like he was just some dude crazy, try again set it to Juncker done. You could get out. Gingka Jay John, take Jim, cajones and cake doing a done. Come on, I was hammered in Miamian and it was so much fun. So what's the story behind this video, maybe just you to go to youtube and type post, Malone mariachi, so Brian, rich chigga from Indonesia yeah we went to show yesterday he's lost killer super super dumb yeah. He just he came and he said: hey I got a surprise for you and I'm like okay. What would he get what'd he get and then this mariachi band comes over and starts singing. My song and I was already hammered, so it was awesome, shouted to Brian that is badass yeah yeah, okay go rich [, __, ] yeah. He posts made it a mariachi band yeah. How do you even do that? I don't know dude everything is about someone just figured out at a book of mariachi. Read book me a mariachi band straight up like man [Music], let's hit the chain, Wow dude, this glove, that's shirt, I'm gonna, sing, sure yeah! No, no! No! It's it is me [Music]. Thank you and go shorter. Go home yeah. This is right in front of my trailer. They gave me two trailers because I'm so fast, nothing I threw up in one, so he had to move to that. Other here's awesome exactly how convenient is it really? It was a really fun time you down whole time. That's the sound! Is it working [Music] right channel? Just this video, though not the whole thing see [Music] I think it was first, my DJ have you ever first real cool guy real cool I like [Music] post made it over to sing you a song. That's a hit! It's true! It's true this one line that resonates with me so much I love is work so hard forgot how to vacation great line. I know you guys know about that. That jolt your mic is playing double. Is it or was for a second but I, think it's fixed? Is it good I had some slap back, I said this one John Lennon I love that line, but thank you and I feel like and I feel, like you're busy. All the time I am I mean y'all. Are too y'all kill yeah, it's crazy, I hate it I, don't hate it. I hate, traveling, I, hate, I, hate, I love, they always say it's about the journey, not the destination, but it's always the destination, and we expect exactly. You didn't think that [ __ ] Frodo and Sam wise and was like hell yeah. This is [ __ ] sick. If they had the option date exactly well, here's my question: why would those [ __ ] birds not around whenever they had to get there yeah, where the dude, those Eagles they hooked up, Gandalf? They went and [ __ ] off for like 3 full movie right. You guys could have cut to the chase. Dude literally put these hobbits on your back. Take them to the fires of Mount. Doom drop it off just in time for second supper. Second supper: we didn't hold up for the first one. You know how hobbits exactly so like yeah I mean I've hung out with you a lot you're one of my good dogs and you have like a massive posse - I'm surprised. You came here by yourself today, but usually you roll with like a lot of people. How is not always being surrounded by people? You know it's really stressful, because we can never find an uber big enough for all of us and I'm the only one that actually has like motive with what I do I'm very goal-driven, so I say we need to get here and I'm like okay, I'm ready to go right now and then everybody's just sitting there [ __ ] around, and it really stresses me out and by the time we get there. I'm really stressed out, but then once we're there I'm good. You gotta have someone to crack the whip for you, so you don't have to be. The ass won't be like guys get ready. You need like you're doing it. I mean I mean like I need like a [, __ ] guy. That has a loud voice same whip. She whips my ass somewhere in vans. Can you promise? Eva has the greatest the greatest lowboy audiobooks, really yeah. With my accent. Let me kill thinking about writing a book about weight loss. How did not be fat, Fupa, Fupa, reduction, reduction in three easy steps: I did lose 15 pounds. I know you look great, but I have a lot of work to do and there's still plenty of food but left over feel like actually can't really right. I have seriously things to say about weight loss, but I, don't think it's appropriate for me to write a book about weight, loss well, I'm, still on the board of being morbidly obese right, the book as you're doing the weight loss. That's true that I agree, I, don't think anybody's ever done that! That's it really good concert like like, like the Fupa Diaries oopah Diaries things like Anne Frank, except Fupa. Only it's just like Anne Frank buy my book today. It's got me in the Attic. She makes me be quiet, sometimes just on the stair climb right yeah, just like Anne Frank I'm, trying to make some food with Diaries out soon pre-order. Now, I'm wondering when I'm hanging out with you and I, see your hey you're, always with like ten people and I'm wondering. Are they friends? Do they all work for you? Who are they Oh? It depends and some mix Dre works. For me, your manager yeah, my manager, aleck yeah alec, is my right-hand man helps me with my day-to-day sorry. Sorry, apologies Tila. He Don is a producer. First, a DJ. Then everybody else is my just my friend Ashlyn's they're running around doing ashland stuff yeah his girlfriend sweetest, it's my gal pal she's, great yeah, she's she's awesome her any you guys are good. Do some girl, stuff I, know, I told her. We switched phones last night, so you guys follow me. That's some real! That's a big number! Okay! You guys have a lot of trust. Already I'm gonna respond. The way you would respond. It's a new challenge. Phones phone switched Ruston's like she deleted all the [ __ ] right pictures. There's nothing bad in not too bad I. Don't want her to have EULA's. You got some weird pictures of me like fully nude, just not even sexual, just completely naked for the Bupa Diaries yeah, yes for science, just take out the [ __ ] spread wide open, icon show, spread them Ethan all right. What I imagine whatever it takes to make you happy. So what's like what would you say is like the worst part about Fame cuz, you become pretty famous and pretty fast. What? What are the pitfalls of that freedom? I want to say no, not naughty, looks perfectly blocked. I'm, like no matter wide. We can just enjoy ela being covered by Austin's Mike, say hi ela, hi, Daddy, classic classic. No! But um! You know it's tough, it's tough traveling! It's! It really takes a tear on you where it doesn't. Does that make sense yeah toll it really takes a toll. A tear at all aritaum I was thinking about you traveling a lot because we just went to New, York and then Sweden, and that was like enough to have like the Sweden is [ __, ] yeah yeah. The flight to just Europe is shitty, it [, __ ] you up the gun zone, so it go. Polaris is that the good airline doesn't know that. That's like the the I think I, don't know if it's Delta or JetBlue, but you get a bad it's killer. So we did business on JetBlue. You have to lay down you got, so you got the full battery everything it's nice, it's pretty and that's actually nice, but whenever you get there at [, __ ] sucks because, like you said it's Honduras, it [ __ ], you up the time difference in Australia, so I could nuts. No. That place is not on the moon as far as I'm concerned places like forbidden ground seriously, so you'd say like traveling the track. You do a lot of traveling yeah I'm about to tomorrow, I go to. What's today the 19th tomorrow I go to I, do a show in Northern, California and then I fly to Vegas. To do another show on the same day and I'm going to look at my house up in North, Northern Nevada, my apocalypse bunker. Oh yeah I want to talk about them and then I come back. That's crazy. I get a little break, hopefully I just up stuff: let's go yeah, the travel I can only imagine like you said we did it and I was dead yeah. When we came back from Sweden New York, we were gone for like two weeks and I. Just came back dead. Dad yeah, like I was just so dad. The fan meet have looked great was that in Sweden yeah, that was nuts. We had the I, don't know if you guys all saw this, but we had a fan meetup in Sweden. We just tweeted it out the day before on socials. We didn't really expect much. I was expecting like a couple hundred people or something, and we just tweeted out the specific location, and it was in the middle of the week at like 11:00 and I felt like post my mom dude. It was crazy. No one would come see me guys are way cooler than me. Ethan Ethan will come to myself. Even a Neela will come to my selves and people will be like I'll, be walking past and either don't be right. There knees yo, yo yo, that's not sure I feel like the shitty member of a boyband did I. Definitely following you and everyone care I. Just like hide in your shadow because you're hella tall they're, just like sneak behind you everywhere, because everyone knows who you are. We got a club somewhere. It's like a trenchcoat like little rascals, yellow sir yeah. Well, what did I say the human Rascals and the little rascals yeah we got you I was thinking a totem pole, human totem, it's nice, yeah I, like that Oh talk about the Sweden thing: okay, so dude there was like two like we showed up and there was like a hundred people outside like an hour ahead of time and we're like okay cool, it's normal, reasonable and like the line kept growing yeah and it like. We were there for two or three hours and the line kept growing like longer and longer around the building. I think they ended up being. There was like 2,000 people there, god damn it was [ __, ], mad and I- think we only got to see like 200 of them shut down. The city kind of this people were spilling out into the street and the cars did like the Swedish, guys come and say: no, no, no, no, they did no didn't become a fire hazard. Sadly, I was hoping that we would check the whole stop coming down. You would have gotten arrested for like inciting a riot or so now, I've been sick. That wasn't a great story. Would it give you some edge? Yes, some of the credentials that you've always wanted. I need more credit, credit didn't chills. Could it so we only got to see like 200 people and I felt bad at the end of it. I wonder I thought we could just go, walk outside and like shake people's hands and say what up and take pictures, because they're waiting outside it was super cold for like three hours. Sorry, sorry, apologies, wait, I, don't think I've ever heard you burp really I've, definitely heard you fart. The treads act like she doesn't fire, but sometimes we chill you just it comes out and it's pretty loud and I'm like oh damn girl. Oh it's good way, I mean I, want a divorce baby, not Obama, got him dirty stinky. To like surprise me, like I, wouldn't expect these deadly little [ __ ] blast bombs to come out of heelas ass, sweet girl, I am NOT making this up. You cannot deny this. You cannot lock me away in the Attic like Anne Frank. We go outside at the meetup to say what up and he love farts. That's how she's gonna get everybody to go and says she's gonna get everybody to get into the uber landing. A live shot want to have a segment you affording me ain't coming. You did this watch out, haters watch out haters, but you never burped. That's crazy! Well, she drink more I want to burp out of you today. That's the goal! That's so many we walk up front and like we cut I was just I was seriously like blown back flabbergasted. There was, it was just a sea of people, I couldn't even walk out and I was like taking pictures, shink people's hands and we had security there and they're like get inside. It's not safe. People are throwing Pepsi cans at us, really fully loaded max yeah damn and then we went out back to try to escape to a taxi and then everyone swarmed back there. Could you imagine death by Pepsi? Can what have you just got like stone? That's very poetic, they'd end up, it was being filmed so I'm sure Pepsi would end up using that in the commercial. Was there a killer time, drink Pepsi? What was their thing their slogan and that shitty little live for now with me, slow-mo, hitting in the face to death, then here on the ground bleeding out, and you gotta take one: that's it before you go. My only regret was not being able to drink more -, its [ __ ] a drink tomorrow, she's a Jake bar Pepsi anyway. Let's watch that video Woods would don't want that classic wanna do the classic glad you have a ash right here right there. Now we got to so now: I want to show you guys, pre Malone, there's posts Malone, which is where you are now, and this is pre Malone. So let me give a little insight before I. Don't think I'm a [ __ ] weirdo, okay, so this is this. Is my alter-ego Leon de chien now he's big in Brazil, of course he's a big super international superstar. It doesn't really give a [ __ ] about anything me and my friend Jason made this for our class. That's how we got started. You really yeah yeah meet Jason is my best friend. You know he moved me out here. He let me live in his closet. Wow shout out to Jason killer. So if there was no Jason I mean I, think you did, you know I, don't think he did. Okay, I love to meet Jason yeah he's moving around here. He cuz he moved out here. Then he moved to Seattle now he's out here she was trying to do music in Seattle. Well now he makes gaming videos or he made game yeah and then now he's he's producing and he's gotten [ __ ], really good, so I'm gonna get him on the album hell. Yeah yeah keep it in the family, yeah man, it's important. Alright, let's watch it well roll the clip. Did you ever watch Tim and Eric, because this is very yeah. This is very much yeah. Very inspired. It's funny. I think we must have started around the same time, because I was doing like the same kind of right and we started this funky said I made this beat too and I wrote all the lyrics. I can't look at you a little twink ass. Everyone in the whole [ __ ] world can hear that you know bad boy, bad boy, bad boy, yeah, I, know those trails. You gotta wait for the explosions. Did you edit this? What no Jason did I have no I have editing skills, but I can't like do this now. This is when I had my [ __ ] bun to the back time. I bone turn my bun to the back like a real one, I'm bringing these back he's getting a feature on my album, your eye, I'll jump in for that it's funny, because my and I did jump offense to sign me what Mike, the guy, who signed me to the label I, had to jump like a fence to get into show. So it's funny that you said that I'm just talking about gay! Oh, it was a metaphor. Okay I thought it was a literal. That's Jason! Did you wait what the hell he looks like they do from Wonder Years yeah, but we can't leak rush telephone. This is some good [ __ ]. Like honestly back then this comedy was on point yeah. This is good. This is a nice meeting early mean this. Definitely that's a quality, but you couldn't take it anymore. Why don't you love me? This is a great song to if this had like real I might I might give this you like -, like breezy or something you know something something crazy. Don't worry about it! Listen to this breakdown! This breakdown Skelly right now, Fred Savage on the mic, [Music] killer. So those of you guys who are listening, I can't watch you've got awesome. Young Austin and Lex. Look at the [ __ ] explode, super small shorts and tights I, don't even know looking like Richard Simmons yeah. It's don't call. It I want to say I like that. Like spell code, a lot more! No but I'm telling you what's: 2018 short shorts, ha fresh. It's coming back, I, seen you in that Marriott you wanna, yeah I, just worry, I, just love, pushing the banjee I, just love, pushing the boundary nice shot. I mean you get the gist yeah you guys good! You guys can watch it at night, whatever you gotta do so whatever gets you through the night, if you want to find it, it's called. Why? Don't you love me? That's a nice video right! There me too dan that has a million views right, yeah yeah, so that was before white Iverson off yeah. This is so. This is um. I used to be so cool. Give me a today yeah, but this is this is when I was doing like those shows that I was talking about this is I, was producing, shows metal. All that [ __, ] and I didn't know what the [ __ ] I was gonna. Do so I just put out all the [ __ ] [ __ ], that I had and yeah. Well something stuck, but you know everything it all comes from just a love of [, __, ], music and just keep on rocking and trying no matter what you get knocked down. Key one [ __ ] rockin was this: was this video was kind of a hit for you at the time right, uh I think I had like 300 views. Wait I thought it was like a thing because I seen people talking about yeah, they yeah they found it, and then they were like wow. This. This guy might actually be kind of talented okay kind of the settings, though, look at all the guitars yeah. So that's where we used to jam like that's where my band used to rehearse and [ __, ] and I'm, a big Bob Dylan fan I got Bob Dylan tatted, oh you're, insane I wish I could show them. You're artists are oh yeah, Kyle or Ricky by the way so Austin post has you live with this, like he's always with you, your tattoo guy yeah I, keep him with me I. So when Kyle lives in Philly, Ricky lives in Dallas and I just fly him out like almost weekly and yeah just get tatted in the liver. Okay, so he's not because yeah he's always there he's a Mike I like to get I love him. I love him to death, so you are on like a crazy tattoo Edwin's run. Yeah I was talking to you about this. Yesterday, you plan on covering your whole body yeah, and you had mentioned, covering your face. Yeah I'm gonna, do my face I wouldn't say covering, but some I mean I. Don't have really much going on here. So it's not like really striking so I mean I figured like. Why not touch this? Make you look cool spice it up. Yeah, spices, nice thing, you know just normal-looking guys, I figured. What is it you love about tattoos, cuz I am NOT a tattoo guy, I think they're dope, but I don't write. It doesn't and never had. Anything in. My brain was like hey I want tattoos, so it's like um I. Guess here's a way to look at it. You know you you play. You said you were a real wild guy yeah. So imagine you capped out right. You kept out a level seven, we got all them. You got all the armor, you can never get any new armor and then you you quit playing yeah, so I figured um. I already have a blank canvas and I feel like I could develop myself further, so the adventure continues Wow, so I surpassed the cap and leveled myself up and just kept on getting this. So you look at tattoos as like. Almost like self-improvement. Almost almost is like keeping it interesting, hmm, but I like the way it looks too cuz I'm a little chunker. So you know I feel like that. Kids, really slim me out, like I, got fat wrists and my wrist doesn't even really like that fat right now. That's interesting! That is interesting. That was a technique and plus you get to get dope super dope. [ __ ] on you, like I, have a tattoo of myself on a horse like that is a killer. So do you? Did you always like tattoos? Growing up, yeah I've always wanted tats, but I was too [. __ ] scared. My first tattoo was this playboy. When I got like a year ago really yeah a year ago, I had no crazy. I was in the middle working on an album, and then it was just non-stop finally or not yeah. Exactly like an addictive thing, yeah I find that people who get tattoos or Genet sorry, you look I'm burping I find that people who get tattoos go on like a kick right. It seems like addictive in a way what I don't know a release of endorphins, or you know testosterone or something weird strange right. It's like whenever you feel the pain is nice. It's nice! Whenever it's done, I think the feeling of having something like working on something and finally completed it I think that's really about people we get addicted to it. Interesting I think it looks cool but I like if I was gonna, make one on myself, I I. No, how do you decide on what you want? Yeah? That's time really you just whatever everybody says, like all the spur-of-the-moment [ __ ], that I like that I've done like I, don't regret at all yet I tattooed, my palms and I won faded because I've apt way too much. That's interesting! You can just FAP a tattoo away, yeah exactly exactly exactly Wow yeah I, don't regret it. I [ __ ] I have [ __ ] Kagome from Inuyasha on my leg. I! Don't regret that I got Sauron right here, but he's not done yet he's gonna be sick. When I reach done that's sick I wonder do you think if I ever got a tattoo that I would get addicted, HeLa and just go like put like a skull over my face. He would be dope. He need that. Would patli things like a sleeve I think he'd be sick with the slave? It would take the meme away, though yeah, if you it's a new, it's a new normal tattoo D, because right now, I'm black, that white, dad gooey Fupa boy, I, don't know if the tattoo thing meshes well: yeah, identity, interested dad catches. The whole thing, though, like that's what tat yeah it looks like that's interesting, little dangerous little, weird little bad boy, I'm, not scared to burp in front of a lady. That's right! Edgy I said: if we do it too, we should vote me. Do teddy bears I'm down to get a teddy bear. I'll do that's very hard it. Where do you want to get it? You want to hide it or do you want to show it I gotta think about it. I like a teddy bear, though ela has this drawing of a teddy bear. That's really dope I get it there. Yeah the Teddy tear go to drop all right. Let's do it. Let's do a quick, we'll take a break for like five minutes. I'm gonna go to the bathroom and then we'll be right. Back, hey, hey, hey we're here with filthy Frank, aku boy, Giorgio Armani, and he played a set he's on his he's on a music kick launching his music here and we we went to a show. We missed it, but we were there. We were there in spirit, yeah and I called you and I called you and it sounded like he just got offstage besides that we're your friend we're like friends with, like your mom, shows up some [ __ ] she's, like [, __, ] out back off well yeah and the parking there was unbelievable la is a nightmare. We parked in somebody's driveway yeah they're. Not a can we park here just a little bit, I wonder if that would work that might work like hey. Can we are you going anywhere? Can we just Park here for like an hour you ship, you're, probably better off, not even asking also if it's a rolls-royce people I like okay, I, wouldn't, okay, all right, let's get back on the record back home, so welcome back. We are back from the break here with post Malone ela Kleiner's, what up uuk liners and we have he's not saying much, but we have filthy Frank George on the couch. So if you hear a disembodied voice, that's who you're? Let's not that's, not anybody. It is an EVP, an electronic Dominick and so I you're fascinated by something. Is this camera on, because the lights on? Oh, the camera, doesn't show it, but we're all good right, rolling, okay, cut all that stealth mode. So you're fascinated by something that I find absolutely fascinating. Austin is correct me if I'm wrong, but you seem to be obsessed with like apocalypse, shelters, yeah or the apocalypse in general, any guns and stuff like this yeah vending your territory. Yeah. Tell me about good I like tell me about like. What's what's up with that right all right! Yes, am I right, though yeah man and I, just you know you walk outside and you feel shitty. You feel real, anxious, mmm and it's just like [ __ ]. It feels like impending and I'm, not crazy. People who know me know that I'm not crazy, you're, not crazy, Milou, crazy, but look, look I haven't won the desire for an apocalypse. Shelter it seems like everyday is not that crazy of an idea right. If you can afford it right so I'm just buying a place out in the sticks. I'm building underground imma build a beautiful, it's gonna, be it's gonna, be fun until the world ends, but whenever the world ends it's gonna, be a functional. You'll, be lying, put the fun and functional side alive. How do you decide where to put your apocalypse bunker so I looked at a nuclear map, I looked at a bunch of nuclear maps, so there's like 150 warhead scenarios in 2000 warhead scenarios and what does that mean so like if they lost 150 nukes or if they lost? So it's pretty much like like the whole country, gets nuked versus just the major cities. It's almost it's hard to find a spot where there's not a 2000. That's like, but I found a spot where there's no nukes there and there's no fallout winds or anything so um. So, where is that it is in Northern Nevada, so it says: you're planning for a real fallout, I mean whatever whatever the [ __ ] happens, is on whether it's our own government or whether it's another government. What do you thinks the most likely scenario for you to go to your fallout? Shelter? Yeah, it's either! That's just us [ __ ] up something something crazy, something. What do you see? Is it something like rushed like an attack from another country? I mean I feel like there's I mean I feel. Like that's imminent, you know, North Korea is acting wild. You know gotta take care of this. So are we we're [ __ ], just pushing everything, pushing all the buttons Trump's, our [ __, ] Russian spy or something whatever I? Don't even [, __ ] know it, but it's just wild. This is a whole [, __ ] government's [, __ ], so so I'm just prepared, I'm taking and you know, plus I'm I love the simple life. You know I love, I, love to shoot, guns, I, love to ride vehicles and run around and drink and smoke and kick it. So you think that let's say that it's like hundreds of nukes drop, all the major cities gone yeah everybody's roaming, the wilderness. It's like a real fallout situation, but you have this bunker. You have this fallout shelter and you're posted up with a gun. People are crawl, flying at your walls. They want to get in. What do you do? Independent, a nice or not? But there's too many of them. How many are there hundreds? Okay? So then we're gonna have what we're gonna do in that situation is I'm already gonna have an internal operation. I me, of course, I'm the president of the new United, the New Republic of the United States of America right, and if people want to approach me, I'm gonna have a great bronze statue of in front of my house of myself good on a bear, very modest, yeah I'm, the new king of the new world, and then you know every planning for this [ __ ] and come have you ever felt like you, you're destined to be something greater more, it's something! You're gonna, be the one behind the nuke strapped in not me [ __, ], I'm, just gonna start I'm gonna rise from a feet like from the ashes like a phoenix and [ __ ]. You know we're gonna have if people want to get in we're, gonna have to have like an Olympic, Games or some show of skill, because we need we need doctors right. We need farmers, we need I'm, taking a farming class -, oh good, yeah I'm. Just you know so. You're gonna have like a hunger game. This type of situation outside your stay and if you don't make it hey, you know yeah. He pairs. You marry my wallah and then like okay. But how serious are you I'm very serious? This is not a joke. This is something that you'd be genuinely are planning for. Yeah yeah I mean I, think it's him I mean never hurts like I said it's gonna, it's gonna be a cool place until the world ends with when it does I'm cool you're gonna be good. You like, okay, so you guys are all invited. I don't have to Hunger Games it out quick drop about a thousand in the donate section, you're invited to that's, not a job drop, a thousand a donate section. We're gonna get your name and address you're on the list. Hopefully you don't perish we're counting on your parachute. Please no pairs, we're counting on your perishing! Think about your future. But if you perish just your money, isn't valued exactly you're gonna be spending. That's like the whole sky. You can't just live our bottle, gasps! No, but that's what there's a whole scam like [ __ ], like a bunker for like a million bucks hmmm like that you live in. Why is that a scam? Because you know it's like no, no normal person can afford that no yeah, no normal person can afford that, and even if the world done does end like what is that? What are the people like running it gonna use the money for mmm. Well, it's a business, yeah yeah yeah, there's a lot of money in that yeah yeah. The thing is like, obviously it's not a poor man's game. Right I've heard that all of the executives in Silicon Valley, like these, like billionaires and what their new hobby that they do there is making the most extravagant apocalypse bunker really like they compete with each other to make goods most extravagant and saying apocalypse bunkers out there spending hundreds of million bucks on these houses. It's not smart to do it in California, no, not California, they're, all really ever just insult right that, like these huge guys, I find that fascinating cuz these right. These are not some like fringe guys. These are big smart world leaders right and they're out there making no apocalypse bunkers. So we need to hustle more Allah. I know: I need a bigger. We I figured we've got one and a half week. That's it are we supposed to change the title of this stream I think we can change it afterwards of the broadcast, because I'm logged in but I don't know how to that's. Fine. Okay, let's keep it riding yeah right. Oh so you have everything cool go, so you have like I heard you talking about. You have like a government plan. You have appointed people in advance, yeah well, I mean I'm just trying to get a little infrastructure laid out. It's important. It is cuz. You can't just be running running around I'm mumbly jumbly. You got it and everyone's got to know. What's up what do I get like? What's my title? Um, you will be the document of memes so like whenever ancient or future civilizations look at what you get up, they dig us up and they find all the memes. In my pick me exactly Ethan Bradberry will be our Jesus in Bradbury. They find pictures of him just like this, like this was an important person. This man, this guy, did a lot of things will have big mosaics of him with just everywhere. So do you think? Do you think it's worth it to like build underground bunker for like a if la gets nuked in LA? No, you buried deep under the earth cuz. What do you? You need to be able to roam their their world right? Yeah I mean there's too many [ __ ] people here, they're, gonna, [, __ ] come in and rigor it out whatever or la just sinks into the ocean. Mm-Hmm, that's helped amidst it in just earthquakes. Rattle your world huh la, is a dangerous place. Kind of earthquakes are scary. You just don't know when it's gonna hit, you never been through earthquake. Heavy yeah I've been you have where well, there was one in New York when I was a little kid um. How big was it you remember it woke me up: mmm I fell. It dropped like stoplights and [ __ ], oh wow, it was nice. It was a nice little rocker, a little shake rattle and roll yeah. Just a little shake bacon rattling grow. Are you? Are you scared of earthquakes, nah I, don't think so, and they tell you not to go into the street, but I feel like that would be the safest way, the safest or like an open field. Maybe not the street well I know. But if you have like one storey houses all around, you just go into the street. What's I guess it's kind of fall on you I guess it depends. If there's like street lights, I guess I guess a pretty fastened in though I guess the cables yeah like the cables of the power like they're, come down and [ __, ] zapped you or something yeah. That's all I could think of I. Don't you've seen our house. We are on a hill, yeah you're [, __, ] I seriously. Think every night when that, because we're all waiting for the big one right here in California been a while since I've had a big boy earthquake, it's gonna happen: our house is sliding down the hill. We will be perish so Mario that happened to Mario Lopez, doubtlessly yeah crazy. It's like demolished wait when did that happen? Like I, don't know the last big one, but he he's a lot all right, yeah he's great, still very handsome. Still the extra extra in every [ __ ] hotel, trying to sleep in the morning. You know now he's new at that up EULA. He does that [ __ ] um Mario wait Mario Lopez, yeah, mother, Bell yeah -. So he does the thing in the hotels. Whenever you watch a movie on the hotel TV and then you fall asleep with the movie. You just wake up two [ __ ] extra like a brush shut, the [ __ ] up dude. Damn you do travel a lot. Yeah Mario Lopez falling here. I got Mario Lopez in my [ __ ] brain did, Mario Lopez I feel like I, see him and all the B level [ __, ] yeah, was he in sharknado no but like who was when I was a kid? Oh yeah, Mark Cuban. What's he yeah my Q innocence are like a billion 803 yeah he's the owner of the Mavericks. Why is he doing sharknadoes because I guess he's on Shark Tank he likes so they figured it's a cameo for yeah. That makes sense it's a perfect fit. You know it's just works. Am I right I remember when I was a kid. I got rassled into this like scheme where they they're, like hey, you're, a beautiful kid, and we want to make you a star mm-hmm, and then they finger your [ __ ]. That does happen a lot of people, not me, but they brought. They brought us out to the future. That's another story, but I'll get into that later. So they bring all these kids out to this shoot in LA. They take your picture. It's like a. They just grind you through. Let me take a bit to it and they they charge you like 100 bucks per pop and they have no connections. It's just a giant scheme Sam to be like you can be famous, come down and let us take your picture around your box and Mario Lopez was there. He was there selling point. He was there at the end shaking everyone's hand, so they paid him to appear at this scam, and that was when I knew Mario Lopez he's gonna perish when it all goes. That's what you get maybe he's working for that apocalypse bunker, but I was surprised because I used to watch Saved by the Bell, a lot and I was like damn have the mighty have fallen even at a young age of seven I was like this [ __ ] is not dignified. I. Think it's crazy in the subject matter on those old shows were actually kind of [ __ ], weird mature, and he never got him. You never got it. When you were a little. You know it's like I was just watching [Music], it's the show with George Coleman George Foreman, George Foreman, the little one or the big one Lulu, because George Gary Coleman's the little one. What you talking about Willis yeah yeah, that, what's that show what you talking about Willis, show yeah, and then they did the guide. The bike shop kept. Sorry he kept on bringing this. Are you the guy at the bike shop kept on bringing him in and he was like a little raper? They had a whole like pedophile episode. We made them, take up their shirts and like write each other or seems like we showed it on t that I pull that out and I was just a little [ __, ], growing, pains, growing, pains, I, think, okay, that is totally mind-bending you're right, Batman 90s. They had episodes about pedophile crazy, like kids, don't get roasted, no other thing I'm with more than like time worry : pedophile episode, that's where I've been Gary, Coleman pedophile, that would I, don't know if I want to go down that rabbit hole but episode I'm, but on the real, if I had enough money, I would be building and I would I would build a an apocalypse. Yeah cuz, it's also like a getaway house. Exactly it's not like. Oh it's, just not money thrown out exactly, and if the world doesn't end, then everyone wins anyway. You get to go. I want to I want to bring all my friends out there. Cuz I'm gonna have a hella hella beds and [ __ ] everybody just come out there for a nice boys get away and just get weird I look up. Growing pain, I will kill your parents. Sam I want to watch that I know what that is. Look at look up, Hollywood Illuminati proof, hmm did not eleven confirmed okay here, let me I think you. You've got too much text now. Gary Coleman, pedophile episode growing pain and they got too much of that type which rowing pains, pedophile episode, maybe yeah, pedophile growing pains some weird dark web [ __ ] was okay, I was sure the show was called goerge pants. No I think everyone in the stream is like shouting the name of the show. It is different couple different strokes, like a stroke from you as different. Won't you get a stroke from an old man, is different from a stroke stroke which feels good. Sometimes, oh here we go okay, so he's got to give up those kids wine. No, this [, __ ] is so caught. Fullscreen it nice reso am. I right. Can I get a kind of get a different stroke? Put that I'm doing it in all different strokes? Oh, this is primetime television. Ladies and gentlemen laughter. Oh, the picture aspect is weird he's taking pictures the fact that it's so distorted. Maybe we should have a little more wine. Did he say that yeah? That's what he just said. What happened? It's just the video wait. What's happened. What are you guys confused about anyway? Just have a little more wine. Can you play? What were we talking about the pedophile [ __ ]? But where did it come from Oh, oh yeah? How do we get here? Yeah I, don't know straight you like. Can you play it? I'm really I want to see where this is going. [Music] hold you you little Jew boy. He wants to [ __ ], you more, never know what was he a grown man at this time? He's probably yeah. He's probably like I, don't know 12 13, 14 15. Maybe what didn't he have a thing where yes, mom yeah? Okay, the thing where he's small, like he doesn't age properly, okay, I've been because I didn't know. I was getting confused, yeah he's older than he looked: okay, yeah uh. What the [ __ ] was that at the end, that was that was Satan just a little saying cameo. So that is really something that back in the day, this was brand friendly, an episode where a little boy rides an old man and his friend there, all shirtless drinking wine is taking pictures. Yeah, Wow and I can't even make fun of Pepsi without getting what the hell. It's crazy people were a lot less sensitive back then yeah I hate it I, really hate it. People know everything. Nowadays, it's the worst. What do you mean people know? People are never wrong and they're so sensitive and you can never tell them that they're not wrong. That's right, it's impossible to have like any conversation about anything. Does it anything political bill gets so outraged like the moment that we mentioned Trump I'm, not saying I support one or the other, but at the moment we mentioned Trump or Hillary. Everyone lose their [ __ ], mind and you you I, just can't even talk about certain topics, because people lose their mind. It's why no it's why it's just like, like? No one will ever admit that they're wrong. It's crazy, they're, always right and then even if they, you have proof that they're wrong. They they won't. Listen and I, found it to be like on the right people push back on the left. They call them like snowflakes and they make fun of their safe space and stuff and I'm. Just talking from objects will be the outside I found that people on the right are pretty [ __ ] sensitive. If I mention anything about Trump or anyone's a little bit critical about Trump, it becomes your cut. I mean that's about as far as it goes, but they get super triggered. They get super triggered. Yeah and I think that everyone's a little too [ __ ] sense everybody's, so [, __, ] sensitive on [, __, ] Twitter, any big like just [ __, ] I didn't did the deuce witters fad forget about it, huh it's [, __, ], crazy, but just a case in point. Different strokes be talking about Uncle, Jimmy, who's, touching little Coleman. Look and I can't even talk, I can't even say anything but yeah. This was on [ __ ] TV did kids were sitting there with their parents like watching this [ __ ] on like a plane down your kids and then there's no conclusion: that's it. The credits, roll, but it's a pretty like mature and even bizarre kind of I mean is there's that many pedophiles out there that you need to like make an episode of educate your kids. You always says that there's way more pedophiles out there, then I, because to me it doesn't seem like there's that many like child rapists out there. It seems kind of rare but yeah. But surely there's got to be like pedophiles, who aren't also rapists. They just like little boys like you, you can't help like, but they don't act on it right. Exactly [Music], like hey issue interesting, so it's does. Pedophile mean you're, a rapist or just you're, attracted to cut up all means. You're I mean you're attracted well, no see and there's a whole [ __ ] thing, and this is a very sensitive subject, but now I seen with other genders that keep getting created every day, there's a pedo sexual. Are you serious, there's a pedo sexual and they're trying to make it okay, which is just not okay. Wait, wait, wait, I guess, but their point is okay, so I guess the difference between a pedophile and a pedo sexual. Is it or not, so here's the thing that I've always thought about pedos? Well, it's just in a way. I people are gonna, probably kill me for this, but this is how I understand it. It's like you're born gay you're attracted to men or women, your same sex. Is it the same with pedophiles? Are they born and some their brains are wired in such a way that they're, just attracted to kids mean I, can't call it, but it's probably a I would, but it could probably be both. It's probably to some degree that right but again and being a bit also just sick people that just like to take it. They, like the domination exactly yeah. They like this yeah, it's [ __ ] up its what it's kind of interesting, though cuz, if you're born being attracted to kids in the same way that, like a homosexuals, attracted the same gender, then it's like I can imagine that must be a horrible existence for them. If they don't act on it right, but I mean I, mean I, think it's right for them, I mean suppress those feelings, good yeah, of course counselor. Of course. Oh, of course you know that's what I'm wondering like how never resort to molesting. Of course that is a jet that is objectively wrong, but it's interesting to think like who was how many people out there who aren't rapists, who, like you said, don't resort to abuse objectively wrong? It's kind of interesting right, yeah I mean it's not if he's not. You never know it's kind of interesting I'd like to see it Louis the Royal. Oh, that would be a wonderful documentary, yeah, I, guess I wouldn't go work me anywhere, they'd be like! So do you, rape? Kids? No, although there was a wonderful Louis Theroux documentary about pedophiles, do you guys watch that? No, you guys gotta check him out for never hurt me yeah he's one of my favorite filmmakers, yeah yeah. He makes these documentaries he's he's one of my favorite. Like he's one of my favorite and biggest inspirations. He does these documentaries where he gets in real deep and he what a Cajun name [ __ ]. He is its branches [ __ ]. He gets in real, deep and he's so approachable he's so ungentle. He puts all these people in this position. Were they giving forth all this amazing information. You really get to know people through through the lens of of him, like he did this episode where he goes to a prison for pedophiles sex offenders and that [ __ ] is really dark. You had episodes about everything like hunting or Nazi akk porn stars, and he goes there's a problem. I've been seen, Bravo's like medicated kids. All this different [ __ ] that he do I haven't seen that one Medicaid kids, oh, we did yeah. He goes to spend some of this family they're. Giving their kid he's like two three years old they're, giving him xanax, prozac and they're, giving this how [ __ ] up is people? Are they given their dogs? Prozac they're, like our dogs, are a little. They stays on edge. I'm gonna give them Prozac not for raping just for sedation yeah, exactly so the sorry the documentaries got crossed. So this was a documentary about medicated America. Okay, they did about these people who are over medicating I, haven't feeling those pedophiles are also probably on Prozac. What's the indication? Well, you know you can sit in front. You sit in front of a psychiatrist and you're like hey I, want to [ __ ] kids that, like take some Prozac right, I mean it's just easy. It's the easy way out right boys take some [, __ ] medicine man, this one documentary he did when he went to hang out with the pedophiles. There was this one guy. He was so [ __ ]. He was uh, it wasn't pet if I was a sex offender, he was obsessed with showing his dick to people on the street. Women on the street and yeah he's a flasher serial flasher and he had done all like hundreds of times and they're just like dude, you can't be in society anymore and the guy was so conflicted like he. He had. No, he he knew it was wrong, but he was just so [ __ ] in the head. You remember this Gila, honestly, I, don't think flashing is a crime. So well it's not as bad as maybe for you I, don't know. Maybe he may have read if there was a I. Was a woman and some dude ran up and showed me his dick and some kids, but it seemed and he may have raped a couple. It's not it's, not the action of seeing it's the implication of like. What's coming next right, it's pretty! Okay! Yeah! That's true! That's why you're a big guy! You see a little dick you're like haha, but if you're a woman takes a huge. What if it was a woman flashing, you I wouldn't be mad I'd be down no, but and that's a cool thing, different I love to throw back to a social experiment. This okay! So you know you've seen the catcalling video right where the girl walks around New York and [ __ ]. These yeah, like wow you're, beautiful you're, beautiful I, thought it was fake, I was I, don't know and then I wish. She got offended cuz guys really right. Yeah yeah she got offended. Cuz guys are calling it beautiful. Well, some guys were more creepy right, of course, of course, but some of them were just like: hey have a good day and use like catcalling right. It's like chalk another one up, but there's a video of a girl walking around a park. Talking to talking to guys like hey, can I suck your dick and they're like yeah. Sure, okay, really like it's different spectrums, yeah, let's break it down, because it's really interesting, but I can tell you from my experience growing up in Israel. It's probably the same anywhere but where I grew up, I would walk home like 20 minutes back from school. I was pretty young going to school, and yet people will write you up and it's obviously like I've tried, sometimes to be nice and smiled back, but then they think you're interested. So you have to be cold and then and then they're like hey. Why are you not smiling mm-hmm cuz I? Don't [ __ ], like honestly, there's nothing creepier like disgusting that a man asking a woman like smile bored, I, don't know that creeps me out yeah, but it's like I know. If this sounds like the Joker. Let's break that down I'm intrigued by that and I think it's definitely an are much more vulnerable like that's just set it up. I think it's the physicality yeah yeah I saw a study that said. 90% of all men are stronger than then all women, all women, 90% of all men, are stronger than all women. It's just a physical, it's physiology. So what does that mean? It just means that almost all men are stronger than everyone. Okay, so, like you've got the physicality and prime, like our prior primal, urges as men like you go back. A thousand years were just raping people, that's how you [ __ ] back then right like like j2me like. If you look at monkeys, they just rape, our Apes or whatever right our art and Neanderthal cousins were probably just raping like crazy. So there's definitely something like in us to like conquer men. Wanna like great so it's you know, women are in a nature. Setting like to be conquered I mean. Am I right that's right and in nature documentary setting? If you go back at that or not a thousand years more like ten thousand years, but yeah that didn't land but I mean like Jagger back in like the [ __ ] days of like pillaging and marauding and Vikings and [ __ ] they'll just go and [ __ ] steal all your women yeah all right with them, and [ __ ] right exactly so even Knights, like [ __ ] medieval times like in killings and [ __ ], they go bless. You Jesus, I'm, gonna, rape, this [ __ ], crazy. It's crazy! It's [, __, ], nuts! Right! That's right! That's right! It's the oldest profession, yeah! Let's yep! No one gave a [, __, ], so I think a lot of stuff about modern society is like because we've evolved, societally we've evolved beyond that [ __, ], sorry, and so we're fighting against our primal urges and a lot of modern society is us trying to fight against our primal. Urges has become better right and for the whole, yes for the whole selfish, because rape is, is [, __ ] up. We all acknowledge that irony, but it's like a primal urge that a lot of people have so it's like I did I. Think it's so you want, like you mean like. Is it a matter of society, says it's okay to rape? First, you have an innate desire to raise right. Okay, yeah, like so, is it yeah its permeate? Isn't that the biggest mystery of the human race? It's probably both well sure if but I do think that animals in general, not just humans, but animals in general, it's, like god, you're looking down with your Cowboys Jersey, tell us if its nature block this conversation out god, but I think that in the animal kingdom the only one prime objective of animals is to procreate stuff, [, __, ] and [ __ ] out babies. So in that like primal sense, that's it! If you can, if you can rape and plant your seed, you're successful species, because back back to everything, that's what all animals do like I said you can't walk into my house without getting just on by my dog I was in there yesterday night, one minute, your dog's [, __ ], the [ __ ] instantly yeah exactly, but it's just it's not like his fault, but I think as humans. I think that we're just super [ __ ] developed. We ran to the point where we think about. We have empathy instead of exactly we're self-aware yeah, like a dog we'll just [ __ ], whatever it sees, but we've come to the point where we're still animals. We want to [ __ ], whatever we see, but we know it's wrong right. So we battle it's a battle of intellect is crazy. Yeah, this conversation bad. Should we say it's interesting? Isn't it I can already see people taking stuff out of context whatever? This is what it is like I just accepted it we're just talking. This is a podcast right. This makes me want to have a radio show I'm like AM radio, like we got this late night. All of us, and just so we have everyday. Just going to work. Sounds fun. I, like radio show doc, you don't need it. We have it. That's what we're doing okay well, I want to be a permanent and gentleman to the show. Come anytime, come anytime, YouTube and I already put my seat right. You want to say asking for you to be on. Ok, now, he's fine so who the [ __ ] is the homeless person. They they can't see, they wouldn't be able to see you anyways. Because of my mic stand. That's wish. We have a swell Ellis here, I mean Georgia, so what they want guys. Please please donate for George one thousand dollars for George. This is your gets 10% I'm, already shaving 80 off the top of everything. 80 is pretty steep I. Never heard of that. You know, you know. What's crazy easily goes what right, I don't know if many people will identify with this, what I think is interesting in new media, digital media, the normal cut is 30% really in traditional media. As you know, it's temperature yeah. So all like all the new media ship people are getting killed. 30% of the time is it. Why do you think that is they can yeah? That's new, it's illegal yeah, so it's new, so they're like we're, taking a risk so I want it's not even that it's just they can't traditional media. There are laws, there's an actual laws. It says you cannot take more than 10 percent right, so digital media isn't protected in that same capacity. Why is it everyone saying beep in the catch everything kind of interesting I? Think we made some strides I? Think we across him anyway, yeah that was interesting. Anything you want to talk about George, absolutely um back to the bunker thing totally agree. Stephen Hawking was just saying that we only have a hundred years hundred years realistically, yeah and I mean quick and Steven Hauk yeah. It's important and I think you. You definitely need a bunker, but also I. Think it's important to have your very own seed bank right yeah. You should collect about sperm know what you can't. You can do that too, but mainly different spots. He's gotta have all it. No just just just have all your seeds ready to go right and when you're ready to bounce you just you just you know plant seeds where it wherever there are no people, they have one of those in the mountains somewhere in there right. That's right, yeah, okay, its nuclear prove it. The seeds are gonna, be the new currency, so everybody's gonna buy [ __ ] with see anything Bill Gates own cuz, even even [ __ ] in that, like you, said, bottle caps. No one is gonna, give a [ __ ] about a dollar yeah. No one is gonna. Give I'm not gonna, give a [ __ ] about this watch. That's not a great value exactly so, but a seed, something that can sustain life and is it is actually good because you can go to green thumb right now and buy seeds as yeah so get all your seeds yeah. You know, yeah see these are expiry right. Never the right never expires either yep holy [, __ ]. You guys keep rice for hundreds of you. Do you own seeds, Georgia dude I. Have a seed bank like I, really I have a bag full of seeds at home, actually, no joke. What are the most value? A corn are the most valuable seeds. Well, first of all, like like tomatoes, rice, like can grow in like a bunch of places, you got to get like all the dry seeds. I know I have like basic. Like you know, green pepper, you know, onions onions can grow like wild onions. The groin I could eat corn every day. I could equip more rice every day. One grows on dry dry places. You know you can grow up cactus. If it's super dry like like a low type stuff, you can eat those, you can stay hydrated and that's like the whole thing. It's if you are prepared. It's not gonna! Be that bad. If you have solar powered, you can still run it even after the world's over. You can run a television and eat rice and corn and just drink water, every [ __ ] day, and you live a good life out about that seed thing. Seeds, yeah, you know, C's, is where it's amazing I'd collect them like right now we will send you a personalized seed bag with your favorite veggies and fruits, including postpones cement as well. Would you sell your semen? How much that's what I'm wondering without a thousand dollars um like a Mille I'd, have to do a little background check to you want to make sure yeah I'll do a million dollars per batch? You don't want no thought! No, I don't! I wanna. I want a nice classy sophisticated ladies a lot better rate than they give at the current all right, sperm, big, random, jizz everywhere, Alaba jizz. So what was the context of Stephen Hawking saying like we had 100 years up cuz? He said some nutty [ __ ] recently that I'm not I, don't write. He says he saw some black hole, [ __ ], that's like kind of off. Sometimes I heard him talking about, even if you believe in aliens I do I, don't believe that aliens visit earth I think that, as far as we understand physics, it's it's not possible- or at least it's not very like but see, that's like think about, think about an alien okay. Everyone wants to think about aliens as like the little short gray. Guys would be a big eyes, but that's just a human-like depiction yeah, it's like so it's like, we don't even know like in Halo or something right right. Aliens have guns in that game that they use with their hand, but who are we to say that they have a body part that we don't even [ __ ] care him. They could be like yeah exactly they could be exactly like Rick and Marty, or whatever yeah yeah or the [ __ ] fart. But you know who's to say that, just because we can't comprehend it that they don't have that [ __ ], like they can't do that from where they're I guess the question. Well, as we understand physics, it seems really unlikely that they would come because the closest like habitable star planet that we found is like 10 light years. What, if it's, not planetary? What, if its dimensional yeah it's possible, it's possible I! Just don't know! Why would they come like do you believe in like Close Encounters like people have been abducted and [ __ ] III think I think that there's weird [ __ ] that goes on [ __ ] every day, cuz, here's the thing! If people were you hear all these stories about people being abducted, it's always like weird desert people like people they're, always a little screw loose and there's never been any proof like if you're on a spacecraft desert people, it's true, they a little screw loose like grab something from the plane. Take a picture of it. There's never been any actual proof. It's just a lot of anecdotes by people who hang out in the desert. Looking for UFOs all night I mean [, __, ] I think it's super [ __ ] engine and their [ __ ]. That, like have you seen the videos of the [ __ ] like trumpet, sounds like [ __ ] in the sky, I've heard it's [, __, ] terrifying. We find that capable it's terrifying. Look up just like I think yeah. What are they called? Some body is just government sky. Something alien sky is some explanation for like it how it occurs naturally. Well they say it's [ __ ] tectonic plates, but I've never really heard of technically. They can't explain it well, if did yeah tectonic plates moved and why would it in the sky, yeah I've heard that it was like some kind of atmospheric pressure like gas yeah I could so it sounds vocal though it sounds really never heard. How do you call it gives me chills? What are they called they're called lick up strange noises in the sky. It's like it really sounds apocalyptic as [ __ ], it's terrifying. Actually, never is it crazy something about a trumpet pink guys in the air. Liam he's an alien he's, odd, trumpet just type like space, our sky trumpet or some [ __ ] I think they say, I never hear saying it's fake, but dude. It's well! That's my doubt. Yeah! Let's take a look at it: nuts, alien sky trumpet! Oh there there! That's it at the top of six minutes. Alien butt! Six minutes of this, so this is gathered. I just want to hear it once 1.5 million people are done with this. Oh wow, that is [ __ ]. This is a Sookie Mozilla yeah hold on guys we're trying to make sure you guys can hear this war. The world fake. Is everybody saying it's fake, but I, don't like I mean I, don't know what should I do we should sample that? Oh he said yeah you're fired so yeah we make a fire great beat, but I believe in did I believe in aliens. It's just too much. [ __ ], like there's, no way that look at this chat think just got like this cut. It doesn't matter even if it's a little harsh, can you hear it I can't hear, but we can't hear complicated stuff. You know and like I've seen like even like the personal here, we go, you got it. So this is just a video that, when you like that is the same for the world. This guy's just [, __ ] his pants right now, I hope I have a hard time, believing that's real. No, but it's everywhere I mean that's true everybody. You could fake this anyway easy, but I mean well. If you like, seeing like at the first night, I was I wouldn't say the first night the first week, I was here in LA right. So I go over to my friends that I had just met at a party and to make some music and [ __ ], and and we go there and I, we I'm pulling up and there's just a [, __ ] big old [ __ ] flash like the biggest flat like it filled the whole sky, white and I was like dude. What the [ __ ]. Is that like what the [ __ ] is that and then it happened, a [ __, ] Ganon it just [, __ ] filled up like literally it looked like daytime, but it was mill and night and I just no clouds, nothing bro I, don't I, don't know how to explain it and [ __ ] and the thing is like. Okay, whenever I was like the x-files it's crazy, [ __ ] like it's loose. My thing like I I've encountered [ __ ] like that before, but you you always got to be like. What's more likely, let's say, what's more likely to our puny human brains, like our insolent human brain, it's not more likely that there's a alien from another dimension that can't be the likely excellent think about our unlikely [ __ ] that happens yeah. But it's not the most likely. That's true. Whoo more likely is maybe some kid with the giant floodlight, that's flying filling up the whole sky. Was it not lightning, no I mean that's a trip I liked it when's. The last time you heard lightning or seen lightning in LA, it happens. Yeah I was here, I mean it happens, lightning. Well, what's more I miss that, by the way you can have lightning without clouds, so here what's more likely lightning in the sky, without clouds rare, very rare or aliens from another dimension, also very rare, even we're far as I know. As far as I have no clucking questions, I can't call it probably a prayer know, maybe that bear more likely to be hmm, echoing throughout the whole [ __ ] sky I've never had like a really intense, like close encounter. So what happened to you I'm said I never have had like a release. Oh no, but you said you've seen some stuff yeah like where I see a light or I, hear something that I can't explain. Do you believe in ghosts? That's what I was yeah I I used to live in the most terrifying [, __ ] I didn't live there. My friend lived there, so he used to his name's Danny Johnson. He used to be the number one Guitar Hero player in the world, Wow [ __ ] killer at guitar. I watch the real goods are now he cuz. He wants a cigarette Church I would love one? How do you keep on asking those from me? I got you but get all the supply know you want to smoke for the people at home. No, it was like a fetish for that Brazilian I'll, be there responsible, don't smoke, fires fire, they were giving me comps on that I really do so. I must I must have done something right. Look like an escaped mental patient. We're talking about go swag! You look like a ghost I am ago. I was glowing -. What about just what, if like, he turned the camera and I'm just gone I way. I was never here. I would question my sanity for sure. Well give her a question: your sanity Oh. Surely everyone does right, yeah I used to think I was like going schizophrenic when I was going into college. Was that, like crazy anxiety, that was terrifying, I feel bad for people who are like? Oh yeah? They can't control it. You know what I mean and like they push people out of their lives by being that way, but they can't help it. So it's really unfortunate. It's like what are the saddest things. It is yeah, especially when you know someone who was like a normal bright person and then when they come and the disease manifests itself all of a sudden. It's like crazy. How do you deal with that, like so sad Wow anyway, a little sad anyone else? Let's get back on those pedophiles that was weight, cheerio, oh yeah, so yeah Gus stories? What are you go? Yes, I! He he lived in this house. He lived in a house not too far from me, where in Grapevine Texas, okay I would go over there every once in a while. I can Khurana I can chronologically tell you everything that happened until the last time that I saw me here, because I was not [, __ ] with it. This is some Blair Witch [ __ ]. No, this is Tara. This was literally the most terrifying [ __ ] I can't wait I'm good. We were talking about this. We need to go full chest cam into like an abandoned Asylum and oh it's going on. Austin. Had this idea that we'd go to a spooky, I thought you're talking about like a spook house, but you want to go to actual haunted place. I'm so down, show me yeah: let's do it I, don't believe I'm, not a believer you're, not no, not okay! So I'm scared, I'm! A believer. Are you believer? Well, you know I believe in like demons and [ __, ], I. Think negative energy and wait. Do you believe in demons like in a religious sense? You know yeah I, don't know. Do you believe in angels? I? Don't how can you that's no I think what you do. I think naked naked itself is it's very point: the negative ones they're, the ones that bar I think I. Think negativity in the world is very powerful. Like oh yeah, you're, a negative person, negative shits gonna happen to you. Well the negative stuffs. What has they pack? If there's angels, then they're just doing your job, their job? You don't just like the news or something bad happens. That's what that's what you remember! I'll get a thousand comments on YouTube. 98% of them are like wonderful kind people, but it's the 2% that it like sticks out and bothering right, you're ugly, damn that [ __ ] gets me every time, you're, ugly man. That gets me every time. Okay, so the first night I went there. He his dad was like a contractor. Something lived in a very nice big house, so you walk in there's the big living area and he has like 30-foot ceilings. I want to say: okay, very high, maybe 20 I, don't know high ceiling very high ceiling. So and then you walk in there's a winding staircase that takes you up to the top deck. So there's a like ledge right here and here's the living room and up here was kind of like a recreational gotta. If you will that overlooks the overlooks, you go up the stairs, you have a recreational area that overlooks entrance ya, got 20-foot ceilings, so I'm up there and I'm sleeping it's like late at night and the relation really in the morning, yeah cuz. They just had a couch out there. As my first time staying there got it now, get this as a precursor to everything: the whole family, the mom, the dad and the two sons locked themselves in their room together every night. What yeah? Well, no wonder: you're scared shitless has a horrible way to like yeah. They have their own rooms, but they lock themselves in a room together, yeah because I think I just assumed because of how terrifying the [ __ ] house is, did they lock skip go down? They bought the house, but no, if you together, I, give you together. I feel like that's way. It's feel where I feel way better right right right, but but they bought the house knowing that it was like I think it was built, I think wow. They built it and they. How can you build a first or just whatever's around like either either like Indian burial, ground yeah I mean [ __ ], like that, you know without overgeneralizing it into plastic. Exactly so something like that: okay, but um I, guess that was the actual say up older guys. It was a new house on an Indian burial, ground right, right, yeah, so cool. So the first night I was sleeping on the couch and, like so say, if he dropped a bowling ball on a marble floor that sound that it would make just a huge just, a huge [, __ ], like ball. I heard that on the underneath me so like I was so. The ceilings are 20 foot high I want you to tell me how that [, __ ] happens. It woke me up and I was like bro bro. Okay, so that's happening me. Okay, yeah I mean what so again I go back to like this. What's more likely a [ __ ] a haunted house or maybe like a picture, fell or something it was underneath me I felt it was there was like so is, like someone dropped a bowling ball on the floor, but onto the ceiling, but also you were sleeping. So maybe that's true. Okay, but I'll. Keep on going I'll keep on yeah keep going and then so we'd go there and I went I went home after that. I came back that, like the weekend after I was in school, I was like 14 and we we knew that some crazy [ __ ] was going on. We yeah yeah. They were like this [ __ ] is crazy. You know like oh yeah and and so we sit down, and then we hear like a noise like a like a stop like a boom right behind us and then we're like. Oh [, __, ], okay, we know it's creepy, but let's figure it out like let's see what's going on, and then we were like. Okay, let's keep on playing I broke my cigarette. We were rapping about that last night. Yeah I know broke my cigarette, but let's keep on playing and then it gets [, __ ] closer and then we're just like okay, [ __ ]. This we go into the corner. Hang out all night, the cat sounds like she's getting thrown again. Animal dies. Scary, like dying like going crazy like all that [ __ ]. Okay, we stayed up until the next morning where our parents could come and pick us up and then the next time we went there, I was determined to [ __ ] figure, [ __ ] out. Okay, it's like okay, let's get to the bottom of this right right, so I got I, downloaded a white noise machine. What is that? It's like it just plays static at different frequencies. What's the purpose, so maybe you might get like a disembodied voice or something wait. What what's the find they do, that [ __ ] with the radios, yeah right change the frequencies and they can you're hearing. What's in there, yeah like it's, probably like it could be [ __ ] yeah I was okay, no I'm. What that is. So we went upstairs. Cuz I got my white noise machine. I turned it on. We went upstairs I started feeling like sick, like literally like the sickest I could ever [ __ ] be like I said: oh, no, we're yeah I, don't know where I felt like I had like the worst headache. I was cold as [ __ ]. It felt like the flu. You had she cold shivers, yeah I felt like I. Had the flu, okay and I've never like felt that bad in my life and and we sweat and sat down in a room and [ __ ] did the white noise and we didn't hear [ __ ], nothing happened but and whenever I went downstairs, I felt completely better and I'm, not even like this [ __ ] is really [. __, ], crazy and I know I wish you guys. Are there and I know it's hard to believe that this next parts, the [ __ ] kicker? Okay- and this is the crazy [ __ ]. That's ever [ __ ] happened to me in my whole entire life, so they had because you met Preston yeah he's the guy that put me onto your stuff he's a crazy [, __ ], okay, he was there too, and my friend Jason moszer. That's the guy I met briefly at your house, yeah, okay, the drunkie drunkie guy love, you Preston appreciated, and he was telling me about. He was telling me about all the [ __ ] that they would catch on the cameras at the house and all the [ __ ]. That Danny would tell him about and [ __ ], and he said that this so there's a big. The house is huge, there's a winding driveway, here's, the gate, here's a pond and all around it is woods so all around in his woods and he said they would see people walking along the edge of the woods. That's creepy like white, like white people, white walkers, like eggs, I mean [, __ ] like like that that's terrifying and we, the dogs, the neighbor's dogs. He had hella dogs like just like 15 dogs, now I, wouldn't say: 15 5, no [, __ ]. What kind of weird they would bark they. They started. Barking crazy, like crazy, like sounded like they were dying, so we go outside and [ __ ] look and we don't see anything and then we go [, __ ] inside and then we're [ __ ], still looking at the window and [ __ ] and there's [ __ ], like four people on the edge of the woods just like four all night but they're but they're like why yeah, but they were solid like so wait holid they never moved no they'd, say they're. All no! Is it possible that it just was like the lighting and the tree, like you think if you went out there, maybe it would make sense if you looked at a more but like that, my point is like. Maybe it was just a weird like maybe all I know is that was the most terrifying place that I've ever been to Wow, so I've never experiencing like that. But I'd like to cuz I want to know. I want to relate. That's so creepy I tried to go in Seattle, but all the places we went to were shut down like they got demolished. What's your stories, George I, don't I, don't have I'm I'm fortunate enough to not have those stories but, like I, hear stories from like close friends who would have like no reason to lie right. Yeah I mean right and I've like I, have a close friend who he was when he was young. He was bathing with his sister right. You know, you know: kids, yeah, yeah and and okay, not Gary, Coleman, Diff'rent, Strokes and and the the baby sister would would point to the edge of the bathtub and be like there's another baby covered in blood every time they went in the bathtub. You know, and it's just like weird [ __ ] like that, like children are scary, too yeah they're more exact, they exactly exactly the exact opposite of you. They will sit there and be like wow. This is I. Don't have any other reasoning for that yeah yeah. Have you ever had anything like that? Ela no Israel ghosts should be ghosts in Israel. Only and stuff people know it's the Holy Land, though there's a lot of deaths. I heard the wall was crazy. The Wailing Wall yeah I heard that was like there's a weird I've, been there a couple times II there, um I, think you like I'm, so skeptical I've been there a lot of times right. It's really just kind of what you make of it. I think a lot of people can create a sense of feeling and purpose inside themselves. That's so powerful that it's real right, you know mm-hmm for me, I was there I mean there's a lot of energy. There. There's like the wall. We're talking about the Western Wall in Jerusalem, which is the story, is it was like the only remaining wall of the most holy original temple that the Jews built that was torn down by the by the Romans. So it's like the most holy place in Jerusalem and the thing that's crazy about the wall in Jerusalem is that right above it is the most or one of the most holy places for Muslims, which is the house. It called the Temple Mount or some [ __ ], the Muslim the place above the western wall with the gold dome. It's called anyway. It's yeah, I haven't seen aliens there, but there's a wild there's a wild energy there, because and then you have the most holy place for Christians the holy sepulcher Sepulcher, where Jesus base apparently ascended to heaven from there after he died and that's like the spa and it's all there, it's all in like 1/2 a mile radius. It's all there, that's a lot of energy, it's some sort, and it's weird and wild places. That's why? So you wonder why it's all there I mean because of history, but why they're like it's wild, so there's yeah something special, there's. Definitely some weird [ __ ] about Jerusalem, because everybody's been fighting over that the Christians, the Muslims Jews every thousands of years I. Don't know why it's not that [ __ ] great there! It's not that great I mean objectively speaking, it's not that great! They want it's! Not it's, not big! It's strange I wonder if there was like a really important trade hub cuz, it's right on the Mediterranean. Well, actually, Jerusalem's, not it's inland yeah! There's, no legitimate reason for why anyone would care about Jerusalem. It's a [, __ ] I mean it's a nice I mean for [ __ ] thousands of years. It's crazy why you should go yes, I recommend people to visit I love to go. Jerusalem is a super interesting town man, but like when the first time I was there. I was super surprised by all the check, like you hear about the check points and the walls and all this stuff, when you're driving to Jerusalem or pastor aslam to the Dead Sea. It's just like miles and miles of barbed wire fence, really that you know you block out the the West Bank and Gaza and [ __ ] like that and it's real man. That's just like. So that's right is that, because of all the like terrorism, like I'm yeah, like this, like the artifacts like the ancient architecture and [ __ ] like that, because I noticed in Rome I went to Rome and then armed guards everywhere like so there's. Well, okay, so no those walls are relatively new. They built them like 15, 20 years ago, thing was in in Israel, for there was a period of like twenty or thirty years, where Caffe bombs, suicide bombs on buses and cafes were like averaging the whole country. When I was a kid yeah like they were just blowing, [ __ ] up like I, know, spawns and [ __ ] yeah. It was just every every week, man, it was like 20 deaths, just yeah don't go to the mall like yeah like it was like everyday. If you, if you're about, if you want to go to like the mall, then my parents, especially my dad, would know you're not going it's doing to public like it can't risk is real hardcore, that's how it was yeah and then so I'm not saying I politically I'm, not endorsing one side of the other I'm, just getting an Amber Alert you just get an Amber Alert. Can we get less spooky right now? It's a ghost alert. I didn't get one but I'm they they come in waves. Can we not get Amber Alerts when we're talking about this? What does it say? Anyone lookout for a Toyota Corolla anyway, so again, I'm not I'm, not politically aligned with anyone. But this is just a matter of fact that that [ __ ] was happening every day and when they built this wall checkpoints then it stopped. It stopped so Tara so like suicide bombs and is inside of like brought Israel proper. Whatever you want to call, it is like gone like that they completely eliminated it so for better or worse whether you disagree with it or not that what the checkpoint in the walls it effectively worked for. Israel I mean it [ __ ] over the Palestinians, but just a matter of fact. It's interesting. Let's take a break. I gotta pee, we're back welcome back great to have you we're back. What's good I'm gonna have I'm gonna. Have one more beer grab me a fresh one, more cigarette here you go bye George. Do you want a beer one beer, one sick? No, not really! You can see here when we when our child gets breast, want you there, oh I'll, be there no I want you to do it. Honest I want you to do it, invite you to anything baby showers, anything I'll bring the the tightest gifts. Oh yeah, I will I will actually do I've I believe. Are you yeah I'm, a good gift giver and my baby showers like I've, been to like to you been? What do you bring? What's a good gift for a baby shower like I? Usually you know like onesies with like funny things like you dad always like yeah, you know like and the people that are having babies at that age. You know they'll appreciate right. Oh man, I can't wait to get a baby Papa just make him wear. [ __, ], [, __ ], like that's like that's the greatest thing, I, really love that yeah yeah. You just dress him like absolute clowns, yeah, they don't know yeah and that's what like? That's, why people do people who can't have children they do with their dogs? Life is a game of dress. Like domination you rave anyway, I'll make you wear whatever I want you to wear I like that. Papa bless. You bless, you don't worry about it all right! Well, we've talked about ghosts, talk about pedophiles, we talked about pocalypse bunkers. What's left, we all gonna go eat some dinner smell you later from Elim. We've, never posted a podcast like this I wonder if it's good, whoa I wonder if it's like listenable, you should usually usually will have someone in here for like an hour or two and then we'll edit it down to 30 minutes of what I think is like the best conversation, but I also know that by doing that, you cut the spirit of the podcast out and you kind of defeat the whole purpose of having a podcast yeah, so I feel like this is our first true podcast I'm, gonna post it in its raw form, but I. Also part of me. It's like is this watchable I, don't know, I listen, I like it, I would have watched it and then also I would have gone to sleep to it. I said kind of cause, it's kind of like soothing. It was very soon yeah you guys, I mean that's what pot that's the thing I'm grappling with his podcasts are meant to be more they're kind of boring, right, they're, boring it's just people talk yeah yeah. You just meant to kind of tune out. It's a different type of content, yeah, it's hard for me to grapple with yeah and that's why we made a separate channel now we're not gonna put it on h3, because it's just so different yeah. That's why we felt so compelled to edit it down to like 30 minutes max, because you don't want to post a three-hour long clip to h3, and then people watch it like for not a lot and it [ __ ] your channel up. What's this video, you can post now? Oh, you can post like 10 hour video. It was 500 hours, I mean I've. Whatever [ __ ] have Ethan Bradberry. What Austin you used to be 15 minutes right, someone less your partner, yeah yeah, how long we poppin to get like 15 minutes yeah you held it yeah, it's crazy! Now I don't know it's remember when I used to make WMDs of like anime to like making Benjamin do that. So that's classic! It's like it's like any, like Linkin Park over Dragon, Ball, Z videos way of what you said: WME, WME, I, guess and every time there's like a drop like there's, always some like explosion yeah, it's crazy! All that up I, don't know just look up like Dragon Ball, Z, Linkin, Park w hold up hold up. This is what and I'll see if it's not uploading in 2005. That's what up a luck! Charm, buzzy! What Linkin Park he's gonna! Listen this [ __ ] up, pull it up! This is new. This I feel like we covered so much ground in this podcast. Is that well forever? What's left to talk about, I wanted to show you, the Bill Nye video I feel like we're too deep for that Bill Nye. Has this new Netflix show that is just absolute cancer, so I want to show you this one clip. Have you seen that we must gender fluidity they removed it I just love the song crazy. We have two conversations. This is high level podcast. This is this is advantage they can replay it and listen to the other conference right, just playback. Let me play it's. Okay, there's really not much to see it's just Dragon Ball Z with Linkin Park at the back, so this was pretty lit notice. This is the culture. Was it a joke or you wash it I love it. Jackie compilation, I loved it, and do you remember, stick figures? I did there was like stick figure games? We could kill like ltos of people that was before the internet. Armor games with yep armor game yeah before the internet got corrupted was just like all this. Just browser games what Miniclip calm? What do you guys think about this? You can pause that play. What do you think about this I know a lot of religious peoples. Do this thing where they're like, if you're an atheist, then you have no moral barometer like if you don't believe in God, then why aren't you out there raping and killing people? Are you religious Austin? Are you religious, George, you're a little right? Ah nah uh mmm, it's complicated! It's complicated! That's fair, that's totally fair answer: I, don't know I, guess I guess the best way to put it is like: what's uh just open open the [, __ ] I think the best way what's agnostic agnostic is, but agnostic is if I pity you like I, don't want to say the smartest, but that's how I feel it's like you know like expect anything like there's much [ __ ], nobody [ __ ] knows yes, that's what I know and I think about just like organized religion and [ __ ], and it's like the wreath day. It was just a easy way to control people with consequence right consequence like if you don't do this right, you're gonna burn in hell forever, because religion at its essence is always like a pretty good day. Yeah I mean that what it stands for is great right and there's consequence to someone telling you that you can't do this because right no like once like people in power, our establishments ghetto, they use religion as a tool to control people and knowing, what's the good hell, yeah yeah, nobody I mean it's not like I'm matching. This picture that Christians so like you burned forever and Hellfire. It's like really it's kind of [, __, ], crazy. It seems contradictory to a God all loving. There was no work for you for even if you like, rape, kids and you're, like the worst person ever well he's always forgiving. Like you know, people are a product of their circumstance, but God gave humans freewill right in the Bible. So let's, if you [, __ ] up your freewill and you do bad [, __, ] I, guess that's the tortured forever Oh! Perhaps yeah! That's that's! So! If that's what this when you say, because they say on one hand you are you have free will God gave you free will, by the other hand, God's all know any will or did Satan give you free. Well, because wasn't the free will, the first free will was what never took that yeah and they banished and he's like [ __ ], you he's like Adam, [, __ ]. You I think that's one free! Really it's in the Bible yeah! It's a that's! That's there! It's it's inside! It's there Genesis 3:21! It's right! There! 4:20 Genesis 4:20 Jax to support 20, but like um, yet see I, don't know the whole biblical sense of a god is strange to me. I mean I believe that there's a [ __ ] higher-power there's a higher energy. That I mean like, like I, said earlier, like if you're a negative person, your life is gonna, be negative. If you're a positive person, then I believe, like then you're gonna transcend and just your percentage exactly- and you know it's like I watched I was think about like a cryogenic sleep chamber. Is that what it is like? What's the difference in before you were born and when you're dead? Nothing, that's just emptiness. That's it's not necessarily dark, but it's true people that you're dying. But when you die you go back to where you were billions of years before you were born. It's the same place. You spent most of eternity there. Already it's yeah, it's like but eat. It's like you, don't know any better yeah. Just like you never even existed at all. It's like Kurt, Vonnegut, I love. This quote, they says, are you afraid of death and he goes well I. Imagine it's like sleep and I love sleep right. Don't you love sleep? He's like it's! Just like a it's, the big sleep, that's what they call it! The big sleep, what I love? If you guys don't know, Kurt Vonnegut chickened out he's my favorite. What does he do he's like a science fiction novelist? He wrote like slaughterhouse five slaughterhouse five cat's cradle. What am I smart house one through four, so those didn't make the cut? Oh, so he's a worldly didn't make the cut. They didn't make the cut so slaughterhouse five. The premise of that is an incredible story. He will he's a World War, two veteran okay, and this is based on a true story that he lived through where he was injuries. Dan, do you know about raised in you guys know about that place? I dunno! So after World War, two ended like two days after the Nazis surrendered. Officially, the Allies went and bumped racin was like a historic city in German. Germany said to be one of the most beautiful cities that ever exists, and it was untouched by the war because it was just a civilian city. There was no military there. Two days after the war ended the Allies England, specifically and I think America. They firebomb the whole [ __ ] City, just out of straight revenge and they killed 300,000 civilians, something like that and they burned the whole city to the ground. It's a true story. It's a true story: it happened the bombing of Dresden. They were all hiding in a meat in a meat factory. That's why it's called that was. That was the name so yeah. So the bombs were true popping. He was a prisoner of war with the Germans and they went underground to a meat factory called slaughterhouse five and underneath they heard all the bombs dropping and shed their under there for days when they came out, the whole city was leveled tons of dead civilians and he was ordered by the Germans that he had to clean up everything he had to get all the bodies out all the charred corpses of women and children and civilians and line him up. So he is kind of the whole story. Is this sci-fi weird adventure of him kind of telling that Reese telling that story and trying to grapple with it emotionally through another character? He writes, but it's it's fascinating, Kurt Vonnegut, no he's American. He was a prisoner of war. He was another prisoner, but also he's great because he's also funny. He said it's dark comedy yeah. It's not soup, we're like just serious. It's slaughterhouse-five together, it's all book, yeah, it's a wild wild ride like there's aliens, there's like time, dilation, it's a trip. It's my favorite book. Damn but I don't have to read it, but the bombing of Trajan is really fascinating, should check that out, because you think about the Allies. You know histories written by the victors and you think about the Allies as like. We wrote in on our [ __ ] horses and save the day from the Nazis, but that [ __ ] was just pure villain. Don't [ __ ] that [ __ ] was just pure villainy, I'm, really I'm. On my end, no all right what the [ __ ], what does it cut? Slaughterhouse-Five his books are good, oh good, so I should get his whole discography. You could go that I'm good. Now we're in your world I! Guess that's what you'd call it! Alright, let's wrap this. This is narrated by James, Franco, yeah, whoo, Kurt Vonnegut is an American Hero he's like a gem I'd suck him off, and that is it man all right. Let's wrap it right. Let's get some guys! Thank you so much for watching they get everyone who came out and donated and supported us. You can find the rebroadcast of this episode on all podcasting, apps, iTunes, Google, Play, etc, and on the h3 podcast YouTube channel. We will reapplied this full episode there, so you can always catch it there. If you missed the live broadcast, we will be back next Friday 3 p.m. PST and every Friday. After with some hot fresh spicy, someone cooler, it's all downhill from here talking about everything anyway, guys we'll see you next week we love you. We appreciate you thanks for tuning in and we'll see you there bye, guys.
