What up beautiful, bastards welcome to another episode of HD podcast sound so wrong. It was like my dad said it hello, beautiful bastards here with philip defranco made that intro in honor of him. This episode is sponsored by quick stitch fix men, man crates and Omaha Steaks. Thank you to them more about that. Later, next week's guest is Vsauce. Please leave questions for him on the subreddit. Today's guest, as I've, already introduced him, but I wrote this out. Actually two introductions: okay, good Dan mentioned that to me he got the mouse just want to make sure: okay, yeah today's guest, a man who needs no little introduction, hosted the philip defranco show, incidentally, also his name. Yes, that's how original I am he's a news, man, entertainer youtuber, extraordinaire and og youtuber, in addition to be an extraordinary I like I, like that, we still use the term Oh G, rather than just like. How is this guy still on this [ __ ] site writes like five people. I still know from the beginning, all right, okay, I was like Smosh the GMM guys. The fine bro is very few right. So when you think G, it's not an age thing, it's just uh how long you've been on them. I mean the age. Kinda just goes with it. Yeah I mean when we started there was a guy by the name of I, think there were numbers after, but it was like geriatric that was his name, and he was like this old dude that just shared life stories and he was like the number one subscribed guy back in the really before before, was really understood. What that's not a YouTube, that I know. No, he had to be in his 80s I'm, probably uh I think that he did pass away yeah, because I mean this was I mean we're talking about it. We opened it. You laugh passing of a yeah. How can he but I love that it's a great guy, told great stories? Ii died a little geriatric yeah. Well, he clearly had no illusions about him and his name was loved. It and I loved. It I think him being another. One person on the site at that time showed really I. Think what we've all learned like anyone can do it like that the bar is very low, obviously like the equipment's getting better, though everything's becoming more professional, but mostly it ultimately comes down to action stories. Things like that, and that was infant stage. If you still think that YouTube is that same way in what way today, like that, anyone can pick up a camera and make it on YouTube as far as the quality. Yes, I think I think that I mean if you can grab a what's crazy, is you can grab phone from like three years ago and have like decent enough quality audio quality and throw it out there as far as people, finding it that's a hard hard hustle that I don't even know how you do, but it's one of the reasons why, like we, we don't do this in every every single one, but we have like a segment on the show today and awesome. We share people shorts. We share people's like channels there may be under a hundred thousand, sometimes over, where they, where they do stuff. Obviously, we also keep the trailers and stuff like that, but yeah it's hard like if I had to start today, I, don't know how I would do it. It's not without a connection. It's hard I mean it was hard. Even when we started took us like a year to get a thousand subscribers, but then but then you guys would have like a breakout video and then it kind of goes from there. There was you know: yeah we had a few breakup. We had seven role, breakouts okay, that would say like several big formative moments in our growth I was one of the biggest ones probably has to be the vapenation video, though that actually I don't consider really one a formative. Growth, I think the first formula of growth was we had IDI a takedown dispute with fullscreen over a prank invasion, video that was the first time we were like featured on. Reddit can I tell you something: yeah I contacted George I. Think he's the reason why he reached out to us maybe yeah, because I was like you, I, don't care if I remembered it on the right side of this. You can't [ __ ], do this like it does, like you can say, like we have the we have, the moral, no just [ __ ], stop yeah, so petty and ridiculous, yeah and I. Don't think it was him I! Think it's just you just you see just so! Well, sorry, what I mean is just I. Don't think that it was personal I think they had something on a piece of paper yeah when when you end up in these business meetings, what happens a lot of time and you use forget the people- you forget the community and you have to always respect that first but yeah. So there was that, but for me personally, I would say would be the vapenation videos just because or a video, because I'd really only ever seen your responses to something right like going after something or like what someone did and I was like. Oh, this is awesome. This is like a whole different thing that I didn't know it's gonna be but yeah. Just in terms of channel growth, vapenation den result not my channel grow. He knows the most popular video, oh well, on our channel. It's a shame that it's the way it is, but on YouTube at least when we were coming up was- and it wasn't by design. It was just it happened, incidentally, but the the dramas is what you know like the the fullscreen one people I think that was the first time were introduced to this concept that MC ins were were like. Had that power right, I think they were abusing it right, and so it became like bigger than than us right. The next one after that I think there was the finebros yeah. That was a big one. For us there was the flow stuff we were when we were beefing was so flow and they were like threatening to sue us and [ __ ] I. Remember like we what we were in New York at the time, I went to museum and everyone there was like I like we got recognized so many times. It was the first time that happened. Everyone was mentioning those so forth, yes right and so then there was the csgo gambling one and then the lawsuit one right so so I think those were the big formative steps, but I mean there's. There was channels like leafyishere, which and and channels like him, but have received like meteoric growth, mm-hmm and I'd are a few months yeah. It was just unbelievable and I. Don't know that the algorithm would would lend itself to that kind of growth anymore. Unless you work or Logan Paul, because they did, they did have meteoric growth over this past year relies on Koshi yeah I was like I, don't know if I should say this, but uh can we mention that we have the same YouTube contact, yeah, yeah yep. You know that he also is the main contact for logan paul go to me and then are you dead, like that? Has he made you team a new tab? I love to see graham dabbing right on the haters. You know it's funny. He has mentioned to me you many times by interestingly Graham and yes, I am talking to you and I know. You know you've. Never mentioned Logan Paul to me. I I got it out of him yesterday. He mentioned it and it completely derailed. Our conversation I was like. Has he given you that maverick merch? No, when I've asked that I was like Logan Paul Graham's, a great guy I appreciate it love you Graham, I, don't and I'm like I. Certainly don't want to take away the achievements of Logan jig ball because I mean they're there on that grind right, but there's no diversity anymore, like a channel like ours or even leafyishere, which is like a more extreme version right but I, don't see anything. That's even a slightest pitch a bit edgy, even less edgy than ours ever coming up in the atmosphere. The important thing I think to remember is that everything's the biggest thing when it is right, and then that sounds like heaven empty statement. I remember when phousi was like one of the biggest things on the site and I think he and several other people thought there was nothing that could ever slow him down or take him down, and you just you just go like where I go. I've been here for 11 years, I I've seen like huge jumps before and eventually it stops yeah, and so that's why I think it's important for people to plan or grow or at least try mm-hmm, and it's just yes, you're right, you don't see that everyone, but I will say I mean the polls. Would you do that like once again? It's it's very easy to talk, [, __ ], but there's they've done a lot of things. It was very wrong. Some things well, you're right as far as growth there's a diversity of content there, like the music videos, thing, whether you think it's crazy or not, but it's crazy. How much content they produce online of use that they get is just unbelievable, whether you like it or not, but it's definitely. The fad of the year was the Disney bloggers and we'll probably have a new fad, and it's always hard because you never know what's gonna happen, I, don't I, don't know I'm so interested to see what's happening with with v2 or anything I. Don't know any time. There's like more Asian I've heard, like the vine to stuff I, haven't looked into it yeah, but because I never really embraced the platform. I was on it a little bit, but I don't know it just any anything. New is always exciting. Cuz, it's just you're gonna get these new faces, who made v2 who's behind that? Is it Twitter's his name? It's the same guy that uh that just made HQ, trivia and I. Remember I. Was that that crazy, mobile app that gets like 200,000 yeah I mean what's crazy, is like once they start integrating integrating sponsors and stuff. It's couple of even more I have not used it I've. Only ever seen you talk about what is that? What is so at here's? Your free plug, a it's a it's, a it's, a daily trivia, app right, so I think for us on the west coast, it's noon and six o'clock and they have a host. There's 12, trivia questions. You get three options for each one and if you get to the end, you and whoever else survives split the jackpot. During the week they get money yeah during the weekdays I mean you have to win more than 20 to get it. So that's also kind of like the little asterisk right, because you have hundreds of thousands of people competing but near the end. You usually end up getting like 10 to 150 winners, and so I can split up, but that's just fun. It's just like a nice little stupid breakaway. You know that reminds me of xbox live back. In the day we used to have this crazy trigger yeah yeah. Then everyone was bananas about. Remember it back Batman. This must have been like ten years ago, but it was pretty revolutionary I guess they don't do it anymore, but shout out to everyone out there. Who knows what I'm talking about right? Let's move it on a little bit here. Okay, congratulations on the baby boy, baby boy! How is he he's good? We were saying before he's like a person now, which is awesome. He's like the first three months of baby is just like there. I get I mean I still with this one I didn't experience it with the first one. This one I'm constantly getting spit on like spit up on and it's just as a parent. You end up just like going nothing disgusts me anymore. Yeah I can just see anything and it's nothing you're just immune, like yeah shit's on you, you're, like especially because he's my baby, so I'm, just like whatever live Evans, but also like the same day. That happens. You get different problems with, like I, have a three and a half year old as well. He coughed directly into my mouth last night. I was reading him, his favorite monster truck and he goes daddy I. Don't think it meant to do it on purpose. What was your reaction? Just because it's like you don't want to yell like just just think about that someone this close to you just. Does it give it ha right in your mouth? I'm gonna be sick, yeah, but just I don't know it's it's it's weird man! It's like I got this little purse in my house and I always hate. When I talk about my kids cuz, it's what every dad has said and it's like. Oh here's, the most unoriginal thing. I love them, I didn't know, I could experience it all. So here's the thing to anyone that sees my children's like ah it'd, be so great. It takes a huge amount of time, a huge amount of time. If you want your life to 100%, be your life. Do not have children, I love the choice we made, but to done actually today, I cancelled it because I have no other opportunities until like February I cancelled my vasectomy for today, so I could be on this pot. No don't say: oh no! No, but now but I mean just be careful. Oh my god. I have a third baby I'm, just saying I don't want to put too much on thanks for sharing that yeah I was like when I say - and done - and done I like there are so many people like I mentioned it offhand to this nurse I have to ever hear I update my insurance and so I get all this blood work and I mentioned and she's like do it. I had a I had I had a whoopsie baby, which I didn't know is a term and her kids are 18 17 and 3 and I was like yeah I'm, not doing that cycle. I, don't see Daisy, but otherwise great. What's the procedure of a vasectomy? Are you scared? Are you nervous about that new child? Well I went in there and yeah he's very handsy. No I thought I didn't think that the with what's the word, the check out before the the operation was as handsy and pulley and and he's like. Well, essentially, everything you felt today, it'd be similar. It'll, be like it's a little bit different, but you'll be good. We're just gonna know your child. If it's shown now when they show you about the twisting and stuff like that and sounds, but you know what actually made me okay with it and it's so stupid cuz, it's a YouTube. Video is I, Wow rhettandlink, do it on their video and they brought it sorry huh what'd they get red link, got a vasectomy on anything yeah. No, it's on their Channel I mean talk about vlogging everything, oh yeah. No! No, how do they show that? Well they they have like this little I'm have to ask about that. They're coming on so yeah, oh yeah, their children. You know they did it together, like it was a they hold hands. It was a burro I think so. Yeah I uh, that's strange I'm a tree, but I'm also a little bit horrified yeah, but I was like I mentioned it in my buddy who films all our vlog stuff he was like, I can go right, I was like no I was like. Well, while they were filming, they accidentally went low, there's just I forget on which which guy, but there is now video footage in the world of just dick and balls of one of those guys I'm reading, and that's that's that that's next level trust that's an archive somewhere yeah! That's like that's like December 1st 2007! Be footage! Oh, but what do they mean? It seemed okay, okay, I guess, they're doing a good thing exactly so it's it's in and out. There's no recovery! There's like a they say like you can do light lifting and stuff like that later. One of the other reasons other than the podcast was we're going to Utah in, like three weeks and I was like I'm, not gonna, be stuck inside while everyone's having fun yeah. That's it but I'm, so I'm, sorry too bright to labor this cuz I'm, just generally intriguing, like you know, I mean someday. I'm gonna get my choked as well like a tubes on your testes. How does that? What what they they have like this picture? Diagram thing: it's essentially oh yeah, two cuts. They cut like tiny lettuce, a little bit a tube out of a they like, got it and then then, and then I guess I. Just it wasn't either throw is a backup, but then they they say don't have sex for like a certain amount of time, and you have to you- have to just go to town on yourself for a while. They say that yeah, that's actually terminology. They use go to town on your song yourself. So it's like a so it's like a pool and then you plug it up. So it's continually it just can't get through. There's like there's tension there. Well, no cuz! That I think you would explode if there is actually, let's noted there. This is the flow I think the way they say it is it just thought: I absorbs it, I think that's what at all yeah, it's very the body absorbs that's something. I should have probably researched it more, but I think that speaks to how much I don't want to have a third child. Okay, I've heard a lot about male contraceptives that are coming out, like men can take a pill and apparently be really I mean it's something that's been in development. The thing is I wonder like what it does to your system right, because I think what a lot of people don't think of is like what, like everything, that birth control does to women like that sort of story about it. You're such like poisoning your body to it which Thank You Lindsay for having done that as long as good, alright, but still yeah, it's a they said now that it may cause breast cancer- oh my god, it increases but like it does increase the chance for breast Grass Airport apparently, but it's like you know, it was like 14 out of 100,000, so I don't want to like alarm people. Ok, well, that's yeah. They said 30 which sounded really scary, but then I don't know, and it was yeah. Was there like a 20 percent increase on something that was barely 3 percent? Yes, I saw a headline: that's the that's! The most dangerous thing in the world. You're like well I saw this headline: okay. Well, what what I don't know? I, don't know any of the facts, but I believe everything, but and the thing is I, don't do that on. My show I do that with conversations with my wife, constantly I hate doing that that is like I shouldn't do this. This is this. Is everything I hate I know that's. This was not research, okay! Well, it's on the radio. Talking about a [, __ ] doctor I didn't go to just school for eight years we called gynecology I wanted to be called a doctor, but uh Greg you're, not you're, not a doctor. You just drove past the school, but you know my first, my snap judgment when I first heard about male contraceptives was like. Oh my god like I, don't want to put that my body- oh my god, Ella's or women. Yes, are all taking that [ __ ] this whole time for you guys and I'm and I'm, just like. Oh my god, I'm, also a very appreciative that so much more than we do right. I was powerful presentation. Well, you know it's funny. I understand, Aborn baby, yes, I understand, maybe to one hundredth of the degree cuz. We just got a new puppy. Well, neither me and he left everybody. Can you throw shredder on screen Dan? Can we go damn the Shrek he's here with us in the office now and I keep poops on us he's on us. He pukes and I'm. Like okay he's my puppy I can deal with this, but like I'm sure the human I can't compare having a puppy to a human child but like well I'm. They are needy, I glad that I'm glad that you at least press it with that, because there are a lot of people that do one-to-one that person I'm like it's. No, no! It's it's nothing! If you can let your stupidest friend watch your dog, it's not the same thing, no I'm sure, but it it's not even 100 I've done a lot of babysitting I. Okay, so I have some experience. I was like I was I was horrified of children, though, before having hmm I, like they just creeped me out, but that's like that's like a deep I felt like that ever since I was little like if in my head, like, if you were someone that like enjoyed spending time with children or you were like happy to be around children was like you're, [, __, ], weird you're, weird, oh, why can I be honest? What I don't get it? You have to get it at all. Well, yeah I! Don't find them cute and and I'm and I'm xima knife, my own kids, then I'll have a different affection, yeah, but I don't get it well, I would say so. The difference is before before having kids I'd be like okay, I, don't even want to be like if there was just like the idea of a child alone in an elevator around the only person there, [, __, ], right, right and I. Think there's the comedian's of even have you been like shot sketches are around that, but like now or even if they were like just children, I'm like I, don't want to be around there. But now, if my son's playing with some I'm like high-fives and like a good job and yeah I, don't know it's I wish I got it. Cuz I feel like a weird like our friends, no friends, just it's so normal I, don't like I just and I know that it's weird I'd want to have more affection. There's a lot of people and like a sec, dude I, don't want to hold your baby like that's too much well, so no one should be. No one should be pushing a baby. That's all so much debate, okay, but I just want no normal baby. That is completely normal. Also I want to say, since it's just while we're on this topic. If you are a new father and you do not feel connected to your child for like the first few months or something like that, it is completely normal. It is completely normal. The more parents I've talked to about it. The more I know I've learned that it's it's a very common thing, just for guys to need that connection, because the the women gets to carry the baby in there they're connected and when they feed the baby. It's more it's more of just like this. This thing this really beautiful thing and then the dad you're kind of just on sleep duty and night dry and you're they're not giving back, but once they start giving back it's amazing, but but there are also father's that immediately yeah, but I I was interesting. I might have heard that, but it makes sense, but there are a lot of desperate guilty and I'm. You know they're doing the tip milk thing and spend a lot of time with mommy [ __ ] doctors in the know, if you had a little more oomph in your voice, you'd be like every every Italian friend my day, [Laughter] and feel free to not answer this. Oh, this is something strange. Have you tried? Breast milk, no okay, no I feel like every new dad is like I feel like it's a weird thing: do I try the breast milk, maybe I, knew that most new dads have tried. I, think I think now you're putting it in my head. So I'm like doctor, you curious. No okay, I mean I. Imagine it's not great, really I think babies are all pumped about it because I love all they got. No, they love it because it's great and God bless his heart knew that when he made it I don't have like a breast generally curious, I've, never I, don't really think about breast milk, usually I. Usually when someone opens up a conversation with I, don't have a breast milk fetish right, I believe them. Thank you guys. Let's take a quick break and we will be back there's so much to talk about guys. You do not want to leave. Don't go away, see you soon! Thank you to quip for sponsoring this episode of the atrium podcast. Let's be honest, you're supposed to brush your teeth for two minutes twice a day, but do you really? You should because who's I mean your mouths, probably disgusting. In all honesty, have you ever put your nose in sides then, once someone's mouth and taking a deep breath, don't do it, but with quip all the sudden I'll stick my nose in there. Let me tell you: okay, whether you answer yes or no or maybe you need quit the electric toothbrush that looks like it was designed by Apple and cleans like a premium electric brush, but without the high price ela. What do you think over there about quit? Wow, unbelievable and it's electric -, oh my god that vibration is subtle, but also powerful. No guys! Listen! It's a new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibration, as I was saying into an ultra slim design, with guiding pulses to simply simplify better brushing at the fraction of the cost of a bulkier brush. I am obsessed with my roll hygiene, and this is frankly the best toothbrush on the market. I endorse it. Personally, at the price point you can't beat it. Kids get your loved one to put their nose in your mouth today with quit, so they've been featured on GQ Oprah's, o list mints, health and goop I know it's goop, but it sounds prestigious. I'm I! Let me tell you if I ever get the opportunity to be on goop. That's when I'll know, I'll mate I've made it it's a perfect time to give quip as a holiday gift. It's a gift that they'll use everyday and it's not something that would be just thrown in a drawer. It makes a boring part of your day, a thrill and I'm not kidding you. Try brushing once with quip and you're, like I'm thrilled right now, I'm a hundred percent thrilled. You don't have to go to the store they they ship it directly to your door and it's a perfect twenty five dollar price point for these Secret Santas you struggle with every year. All right you can even get quipped with automatic brush head deliveries for a year to keep the brush effective and the mouth healthy until next holiday. It's literally the gift that keeps on giving. So it starts at 25 bucks, so go to get quick, calm, / h3, to get your first refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at get quip, calm, / a suite! That's spelled: GT q, UI p.com, / h3! Thank you! So much sponsoring our show get quit get quipped with get quit. That's us that I just made that that's you guys couldn't take me for that later. Get clipped! Take you to our next sponsor stitch fix. If you're, like a lot of guys, you could probably think of a million things. You'd rather be doing than shopping for clothes. Oh I so relate to in the parking and crowds at the mall and the endless browsing and lack of advice online. It's enough to make you want to rock the same t-shirt and dreams forever, but you can't because ladies apparently care, if you're wearing washed laundry what apparently they care that you have new shirts and stuff, and then you don't wear the same dish of old outfit every day. Am I wrong and guess the only ladies care about that? Isn't that, like that's like the motivation right, normal hydrogen I? Think of guys, if what, if there was no dating guys, would like who? What? What are you? Who are you putting the show on for it's true Ethan will never do his laundry until he runs out of anything through where I don't understand the motivation, unless my basket is full and I'm literally out of underwear, why would I ever wash it's just insane, but that's why you need to attract a female that is gonna. Look out for your best interests like I've, done six nails and that's what stitch fix is all about. So let me tell you about stitch fix they're reimagining, how to find and buy clothing. You never have to leave the house. It's that easy that easy that is underlined and italicized daddy's just go to stitch, fix, calm and tell them your sizes, your favorite types of clothes, and how much you want to spend your personal stylist aka, your personal ELA in my case. Look some guys are also great stylist yeah, but they're dying to [, __, ] they're, all trying to [ __ ] yeah like if there was no women. It would just be like all wrinkled and stinky we'd be, like you know, a little shredder yeah, you no matter your personal stylist, aka ela. Someone like you, look well, then get to work hand, picking new clothes for year, based for you, based on your style in your budget, five items are delivered right to your door. You try them on at home and you only pay for what you keep you try it on. You see what you like but doesn't fit you. It doesn't vibe the cuties aren't being a track to do. If it's not sending out the pheromones, it's in a bet, so that these are my friends, shipping is free both ways. So anything you don't want you just send it back and exchanges are always free too. You can get your fix monthly quarterly or whenever you feel like it, there's no subscription required. It's easy. The shipping is free. Why not give them a try? I promise you'll be hooked, get started now at stitch, fix dot-com, / h3 and you get 25% off when you keep all five items in your box. That's stitch fix comm / h3 to get started today. Stitch fix / h3, my friends. If you are in the market for some slick, new clothing or toothbrush, please consider supporting our sponsors. Thank you so much, let's get back into it with Philip DeFranco. Welcome back everybody, the h3 podcast with philip defranco, the beautiful bastard, the easy there are times where I don't know. If I should change that, I got so many random comments like I, want to show you what like watch this with my parents, but they don't like the language barrier I'm like. But what about the content show cuz! It's not like it's just all uphill from there. Okay, it just sets you up. It's like this is this. Is this is more and I'm not saying quality wise, but in the sense of rating? This is more HBO than PBS right I mean you, don't curse that much worse? No, it has to be like impassioned. I. Think that the difference between me now and me several years ago has just been my ability to mitigate anger and not say everything. That's on my mind. That's something I'm working fire because you just realized like I, can't I can't go after everything, yeah right, it's just you can't get anything done. You just end up in this like horrible cycle yeah. Well, let's talk about before we get into some more meteor topics. I mean this is this. Is me I just want to talk about him is I want to talk about the fires going on here in come on. You were both out here. It's devastating I mean the footage. I've seen is really there's been over. 400 homes destroyed a lot of them in Ventura and and the hills was at Bel, Air I, don't know how many actually houses were lost, but everyone was the one that's closer to like dice. Yeah, okay, I want to say yeah so closer to us right and I. Think my whole team was just like. Are we in the event? I was like? No, this is the affected area yeah. This is the evacuation area, but yeah the Ventura one was crazy, so I'm from Ventura, that's my hometown and I mean I, know the the city quite well and just seeing the pictures and knowing what was out there burning, on5 name, I, don't think. There's ever experienced anything like that 400 destroyed and they were mostly there in Ventura it was basically there was like historic dryness and sustained crazy winds from the Santa Ana Mountains just resulted in a cataclysm of like there's six major fires going at once. Yeah, basically, people are describing as a war zone. I've got a lot of media and pictures that I think are fascinating and I'd love to go over it with you guys things Dan, not missing a beat it's like. What's that we have a soundboard, it's excuse-excuse, really only when I say, fascinating, fascinating and now I feel like I should come back, so you got shame yeah I did you? Let's do you? Let them show you away from a word you use is it's like everybody says fascinating, come on any tell people use the word facias very useful. Word script I've already been trained to like they'll, get you and you don't expect it, but guys if you have any questions or stories about the California fire you'd like to share with us, give us a ring at eight one. Eight, two one, four, eight five, zero four we'll be taking calls in a little bit wrote about that cool. Let me just let me show you some of the [ __ ] I've been seeing incredible stuff. Let me pull this up here. It's interesting I mean. Do you feel like you're, because you know, like you have experience there? You were there that this story it feels different than when you see other horrible stories, because you have that just innate connection, Utley I mean I, know, I have an emotional connection with like the place and the people mhm and I like seeing a video of the hillside on fire. When you know that geographical spot is definitely hits home harder, cuz I feel like with my show. That's the number one thing that I try and get across is. Why do you care about this because there's so many horrible things that happen in the world and it's just very easy to be like that's just another thing, there's just other care, then something like this. It's important I think to hold on to the feeling right so that you know like that's, that's just even a part of what everyone feels when any story right, I think that's important like that this, this [ __ ], was [ __ ] nuts. This is a airplane dousing, this house in basically extinguisher what they've got here. What they're dropping over the fires is like this mix of water and like mud and I? Guess they try to make the water more heavy, so it doesn't evaporate okay, immediately or roll downhill, and so they've got this red sludge they just dumped over affected areas or in cases houses to prevent them from burning. That's wild, just oh, my god. This image of this [ __ ] massive airplane, just dump it on this house. It's crazy! It's been in LA mmm, the poor firefighters because they had like five or six fires at the same time, right I, remember that yeah and that dude I think a lot of people saw this. This is a 405. This is basically the most major interchange in Los Angeles during commute hours is probably like. Six am sorry I, just I had an inappropriate laugh because have you seen the meme of this well yeah? Wear it with a sign instead of yeah saying where you're trying offices uh welcome to 28 yeah I would be it's unreal. I, don't know, I would be concerned. It's like okay, this lava. Do you think the warrants? Do you think? They're slowing down, so everyone can take a picture or do you feel like they're, just they're worried because I was I may die, okay, I'm sure they're all worried. But what can you do it this time? It's a freeway! You got to keep going straight, I mean I. Don't think that you can react rationally in that cuz, it's just you can use. It was such a bizarre yeah. Do you like another one and the world is on fire? Yeah I woke up and I immediately opened Twitter news, and that was the first thing I saw in that way and I was like what is going on outside I have to check. This is ten minutes away from our house yeah. Well, that's what live! That's why I freaked out when I saw it I was like I know that yeah the Gettys again we drive there all the time. They're like you or not, yeah you're, now entering hell Jesus. These were like the iconic shots, but I found some other ones. That I thought were great. You know this guy, you guys probably met a lot of. You may have seen them, but I thought this was really full clip of humanity in action. This is some serious guy. He choose not to be interviewed, because when all the wilderness is burning, you've got Wildlife fleeing from the scene, where tons of wildlife being displaced, I mean here, you can see. This rabbit has essentially flamed for its life and the sweet [ __ ] guy pulls over to save this little rhyme and the midst of what can only be described as an inferno. I, don't got anywhere needs to be interviewed. Yeah. You didn't want to be on camera. Why just think it's like because he's just like I just did the good thing it turns out that he's. Actually he just got I love one. What do you say? I said it just turns out: he a does that he just has warrants that's all yeah and then, of course you get stories like this here, o Nevada I, don't know the way you view here. This is a west midland fire department seriously unimpressed. Five of our firefighters were tied up for an hour this afternoon during a YouTube prankster, whose head had been cemented inside a microwave oven. Look at this [ __ ] idiot. How what was he trying to keep in mind he's one of us, yeah, I I should have left him. Did you see I'd sweep out my favorite headline came from the next web and it says youtuber tragically survives well done. What was he trying to do? I think that's his thing: I I, randomly I once again, I was like I was having a rush around today, but I looked through his channel I think it's like he just does dumb [ __ ] and that's the stink like he there's something I think he said something no I think it gets like a I might be wrong. I'm, just that was just scrolling, but I think it gets like a million ish. So I don't know it's just whatever it's here. Whatever problem, everyone does everyone's got their stick, but I do hate any time. As you know that story let this run and this pepper your thoughts of what this footage. This idiot uh keeping firefighters right keep that much like the people saying people doing that I had to [ __ ] deal with some idiot Dan was telling me that apparently there's a lot of people who are upset that the firefighters were protecting houses in bel-air and they're like oh. It just goes to show you that if you're rich, the fire department cares about you, everyone will find a reason to complain about everything. Yeah I was I was in Texas for I, think it was like a movie festival and I think one or two nights in someone broke into my house, my wife and I were in there yeah. Luckily, the alarm went off, the police got there and there were people like there are people in the comments section of my my wife's video talking about this saying. The cops only showed up that fast, because yeah, you guys are rich in weight and I was like I mean. That's, that's not a struggle right, but the fact that there are people out there that have that. It's just like god. How would they know you're white when your alarm goes off? They got a different they're like white people alarm. Well, we have a different 9-1-1. Everyone knows yeah. Everyone knows it's one-one-nine yeah! No! No! No! Just like that's where your head is not like you could. You could say like anything, but just that it's like I am so thankful that they showed up in time because it's like my wife and my son's life right and they showed up fast. They they were badasses, oh my god, so thankful, yeah, let's move on anyway, I just thought: I thought that we should talk about. It has a fire effect to do it all gonna, be both yeah it just it freaked out the staff a little they are. Probably not natives um I'd have to I'd have to live a not used to the state. You know fire no, but also I mean think of like when you think of SoCal, you think of earthquakes, and there hasn't been like a really big one here, yeah in a while, so I think it's just maybe they're. Just not there I don't know I mean we set up a we had we prepped a go-bag. We had we like made sure our cars were full just in case yeah. You probably got that that alert. That was like. No, how old is it because you guys got an Amber Alert and you were like I? Don't need to be a part of this? No, we were safely situated between two and ferno's. We got lucky yeah, that's good yeah yeah! Well, we were wearing Woodland Hills, and so there was like a fire in Ventura and there's a fire in wherever the [ __ ]. That is I, think they call it the Stovall fire yeah yeah. So we were like perfectly in the middle of both of those right so see, you're, good, yeah, weird weird, we were like. Oh man. Well, were you chill or were you actually trapped like we yeah, we didn't attempt to leave. No I was staying, yeah I could feel in the air, like oh yeah, started to feel sick and then I go. Obviously it's the fire. It's the smoke. Well, you just yeah, depending on like which way it was coming. Cuz I would say the first, the first day of the event or a fire I feel like around. Here we had way more smoke than actually the Skirball fire, because I was going I, think West right, but yeah I, don't know, I mean it's there's what it is: I uh I I hate that it's affected, so many people I'm thankful that it didn't hit us I mean this picture really floored me here. This is from Ventura. This is this is the effect bro this entire neighborhood. This is you man like in wilderness on a hillside or anything this entire neighborhood was leveled. I got nothing I, just it's pretty incredible, no one to blame either no country's to bomb. It's just like damn. We got [ __ ] up the act of God. Is that harder? You think when there's no bad guy, although I think some people, some people have made a bad guy out of making it a like a global warming. Our argument, because I feel like yeah, that is interesting. Sorry, sometimes people just say stuff. It makes me think yeah. It is in a weirder situation when there's no like that guy yeah or them you know it's just [ __ ] people, [ __ ], happens yeah. Apparently, we've got a call, a fire call a fire call: we've got a fire, you have been enacted. Okay, let's see here, we've got a okay. We've got Kim Kim is on the line: hey Kim, what's up hey? How are you hi go ahead and yourself I'm doing great? How did how are you affected by the fire so I actually live right at the Liberty fire in Marietta, I actually lived in the evacuation area right next to it. They had us evacuate us I think last night they evacuated us to our local park, but thankfully, like last night, they were allowing us to go back home, but today they set up an a location for us to evacuate. Just if anything you know happened, but thankfully you know they've taken how the fire is. A control like I, think it's worth 60% Kinkaid right, but it was really like nerve wrecking yesterday. I mean the winds died down last night. I noticed like it was pretty still out. Finally, but were you like in the in the evacuation zone? Was it just? You could see the flames approaching you? Oh yeah, almost definitely it's like on a hill, that's across our home and it wasn't an unlike a vegetated area, an unincorporated there's the word and it just. It was a bushfire and you can see it kind of rolling over the hills and it was. It was very that's it. That's I mean how far away from it were. You I mean it seems like it was right in your backyard. It literally isn't right like if I know, how did you see it on the map but like literally there's a park and a cook like right behind that part in Marietta? There's like this big old hill, and it was right in front of our home and it was the kind of direction you didn't know it actually share homes or not. That's for me, thankfully, we're okay, yeah, very glad, very glad that you guys are okay. I saw pictures from some of my dear friends their families who they're still in Ventura, and they took pictures from where I grew up like a park and in their front yard, was just like completely like just cast an orange glow from, and the fires just right in front of them like place. That I grew up is just some really really wild stuff. Yeah. Unfortunately, like one one of our like government, he worked in one of our schools. She locked her home, but well, you know we're just doing our best to help out those who have been affected had John I'm, very blessed that our home wasn't, but you just need to help out other people, mm-hmm cool, well, I'm, glad you're, okay, yeah and thanks for sharing your story with us appreciate you stay safe. Thank you. Thank you. Take care, shit's, crazy, I. Think that's one of the important things, though, like like something I mentioned earlier, but even then hearing just some persons ways it's a real person yeah right, that's very easy to think. Like it's like okay, another thing happens: let's do the text donate or it doesn't matter like it's real people yeah, and it's like it's so important to remember that yeah I think that's really important. I agree. Sorry I got quiet. I was just like that's it's like breaking my heart, yeah yeah. That was getting emotional when I was looking at some of the the imagery and stuff, especially like some of my friends or family in Ventura were just like it's just oh [, __ ] happens dude, it's weird. We forget, you know you forget that [ __ ] happens like in a big way. Well, it's stuff like that I think yeah. It gets you out of like the petty [, __, ], yeah I. Remember, I, just I, don't know I, don't know if we focus on the stupid, petty [, __ ], because we're trying not to think like we're all gonna die one day like if that's why we're just like, and that made me angry and I'm gonna measure of ordinates. Do you think so I think? So it's a it's a it's! A symptom of a life of luxury, lack of focus, maybe like a drive for something else, well, you're, not fearful for your life and your safety, like of like you, know, like a survival mode, worried about [, __, ] yeah, exactly, but then think of how fast those of us who aren't affected are gonna just be like and then to today's different I. Don't remember what I was think about yesterday, but in a way there's too much [ __ ] happening in the world. You can't like internalize, there's too much information available. You can't feel bad for it, because there's too much awful [, __ ] happening constantly everywhere, mhm and maybe and the world is in a better place and has ever been, but even still, there's just so much information. I can't simultaneously feel bad for LA. It's just not healthy to like carry around much grief with you for like people in Syria people here in Los Angeles, who lost their house people in Africa who are experiencing a famine. It's like you do you know, text a couple, bucks and move on right and there is yeah. There is only so much time. That's that's one of the things that frustrates me sometimes with the show that we make because we'll cover something and there's only so much time right so and we kind of we have like a certain. We try to have a staple of domestic international, maybe something in turn a tea, and then people be like. Why didn't you talk about this? You don't care about this and like, but it is like. There's like ten horrible things happening, I, don't have any given time and it's the most important thing to ten different groups of people. So it's hard and I think that way it sucks, because you feel like you're, always letting down nine out of ten people right. So you just got to just focus on the content. Yeah, that's! Well! That's another topic, always feeling that's part of the pitfall of being online person that you're always disappointing someone and they're happy to let you know it. You can't like I was saying before we started, like I used to use my social media as a way to just [, __ ] about stuff and I ain't about stuff and and now I'm, just like how no one wants to hear it from me like yeah, okay, great yeah, I got yes. Ten years ago, yeah I'm, like oh yeah, I'm, a [, __ ], stupid [, __, ] yeah. Well, let's, let's switch gears here a little bit since the last time we had you on the show, which was a long time ago. Yes, a lot has happened on YouTube and in your career, specifically that led you to start your own patreon. Yes, DeFranco elite, the Frank, oh yeah, I checked it yesterday, you're almost to 14,000 supporters, which I think put you either at one or two on the whole site. I think number two right now, there's like I drop off because patreon changed the way that charging happens might just I got off a scream phone call, because all the people that, like all the creators on the site, didn't know until a day before know, what's changed. So, instead of usually it's like five percent fee goes to patreon, you answer all the services which is great and then they had it listed I think it's like another five percent, but I guess it's somewhere between five and ten I'm, probably good, adding an additional it's transaction fees. So it's through a bunch of different aggregates as far as how you're paying but you're getting or that whatever right. So, whatever number you see, I think then it's there's like a percentage yeah I'd have to double-check, but they changed it. So now there's a 5% fee and then the other percentage is paid by the person that is is doing the purchase right right. So it's like 2.9 percent and 35 cents, and so, if you're, giving a dollar. So those are the people that are hit the most and and I think the important thing is I think that's it's going to affect these smaller creators. The most and that's I, think why it's for me also so infuriating, because you could have just asked people that use the site if or make it and so I'd like I, had a conversation with them. After the fact, it was an off-the-record conversation, so I can't say like the specifics, yeah, but I think you have to make it optional. It's obviously I, don't look it I, don't look at patreon as a donation, I see it as a transaction right. It's not like a GoFundMe people support at different years, because you get early videos, you get exclusive videos exclusive, live streams. We used to sell, signed posters with my own merch company that I launched forever ago. All we did was we kind of migrated that over so it's like you can just do that there you have exclusive mug. You know stuff like that, so people can get their awesome. [ __ ] support the show and and move forward, but there are people that use it almost in a donation sort of way. Um and- and those are the people I- think they're gonna get hit the most because those guys they accept $1 right because we use it ours. As a service. We have our first tier at $5, like what we did is kind of based off of roosterteeth. First, they have like a $5 and I think at 35. Then maybe it's 15, so we do 5, 10, 35 and yeah, and it just I. Don't know it really is conversation. The main thing is conversation because and sorry I've, like feeling how I was feeling when I was screaming it's a platform like I love, patreon right rather than having to when, when we did our jump rather than having to create an own owned-and-operated thing, there's just a built in thing that we could start it on I still plan on migrating it to an owned and operated because I see it as a service, but they constantly talk about there. Acet are its creators, then why didn't you [ __ ] talk to us. Why, on such a massive change that affects everyone like it's, it's great to everyone for to [, __ ] talk YouTube, but but when you're when you're the counterculture you're the answer to the problem right and I mean this: whether it be indie media, whether it be this, you can't then do the same. [, __, ] or at least call yourself on it. I do think that they are calling themselves on it, but it's just just talk. Just talk most most everything online I think you probably feel the same as far as communication. It comes down to communication, it's so frustrating yeah! That's as well so you're saying that if you like, if you donate a dollar you're gonna lose like 10% of it, as opposed like. If you donate five, it's gonna be well I. Think I think the big thing is also to take away. The word. Donate right. I personally, do not see patreon as GoFundMe as a donation service. There are some people that once again that use it, but I think that when you have someone, that's paying a dollar for whatever it is so like the cosplay cosplayer. Do you like special shoots and dave? Rubin? Does exclusive live streams and stuff like that? I think but yeah you're going to the people are going to be affected. The most are the $1 to the people that it may be to them. The $1 seems like a donation rather than a purchase. Mm-Hmm yeah right well, I wanted to ask you basically that since you've switched to to patreon, yes or I, guess started it? How has that direct support changed your operation because I know for yeah. You were owned and operated by discover or discovery. What was it so? It was discovery and then, and then well it was I was originally uh. I think we did deal with the revision3. Then we were discovery, digital network property. Then we were group 9 right. So there is a lot of exchange of Gahan's a lot of different people. I can only talk so much about that. Legally. Okay, what questions you have because I can answer some well. Okay, I just want to know. Basically how has it changed now that you know you're owned by yourself right you? Yes, you own it! Yes, you! Presumably you bought the rights, yes to it, for yourself right and now, you're your fans or patrons or whatever you want to call it. Subscribers yeah are the ones that are funding your show mm-hmm. So how so? How is the experience different? Well, one I would say it's amazing. There is no day that we walk in going today. We could just lose money because we're gonna make a Philip DeFranco show we have when I, when I. First, when I first bought the the rights back bought the channel back, we had six employees as we're kind of branching out and building out. We have 16 employees right and so the whole it's kind of that huh 16. That's so yeah, that's surprising they so many well so yeah! Because right now we only have the two channels, and so it kind of goes around the same, build out of when I first launched on. If you guys are familiar with SourceFed, yes, so early on the whole point or the whole way that I kind of try and grow a business, is we grow fat so that we can split off and then be operate, lean, so grow fat operate lean and it's incredibly important. So that's what we did before launching SourceFed before we launch SourceFed nerd the reason we had six hosts and a [ __ ] ton of editors on SourceFed was so that we could then split off into SourceFed. Nerd right operates clean lean and also there's a lot of training. We brought on researchers to help with the show, but also a lot of the new content, and there was there's a lot of having to work with these guys so that, like we start with four, we have three. There were several times during the process of trying to train these guys that we almost threw out like career-ending, false information that I had to like catch at the last second, but the three that I have now are [ __ ] awesome like I trust, I, oh I, don't wanna, say blind trust because that's that's when you get into a scary place, but that's like my new core. So now in the next jump. As we start, creating these these new shows need more researchers need more people to investigate into situations. I have my core and I: don't have to train them myself right so build out. Their PA is for first set building. It's kind of low cost low low ish need, because we're still just testing sets testing angles. Building things out, while I'm doing the show new editor someone to handle patreon fulfillment, so making sure people get their poster is when something gets lost in the mail or broke, and all he also has to do is send a message: they contact, Hillary, she's badass. She handles it and yeah, and so right now we're still in the buildup. We keep everyone that's on to Frank Willie. We have these and a month town halls and we're like these are new hires. These who are looking for these are the shows we're working on we've tested a one show that we were feeling pretty comfortable with it's, not a good show. What was it it was called. It was supposed to be our like non newsy show or like yes, sure that can be like personality based we're not gonna run with it. It was called yuck City. We probably move forward with getting graphic packages and do it or doing everything too soon, but, like our big thing is first beginning of next year. I want to say semi, daily I'm scared to promise daily live, shows, going back to pilot shows yeah. So having so once again, this is, if you're coming from DeFranco elite. This is not news to you for general public I want to have a mishmash of the podcasts that, if you, if you ever saw the podcast I, did with Casey nice day right. I want I want to maximise on that model, because I love this right. It's just like when we're across from someone you're not doing like that side, fake or someone's across the room. It feels like a real conversation. Yeah, so I want to mix that with involving the audience a lot more. Yesterday, I tweeted out it took an early version of an app that we've we've had that we're going to release soon. That kind of brings back on a base level. You could say just as video responses, but what we see it, as is just this, this big jump in to having that direct video video video to video connection with our audience right. You can still comment text and stuff like that, but the focus is video. What is video 2 video mean? Oh so I mean I just mean like I'll whip it out whip. It out, but I pan out for you, it's called the philip defranco a, but it's not going to be called that. So it's just a really basic thing of so I'll have a video right there and that's essentially going to be sorry. If you can't see that camera, it's essentially going to be like. Oh sorry, like Dan's, like hey, can you a [, __, ] idiot, so essentially, once again, very, very basic thing we try and make things is, or everything involved with what we're doing very simple. So all this is is just this will probably be initially for. What's your opinion on this right, I talked about. I talked yesterday about a story with august ames taking her life right and there are a lot of people hearing stories of people. They personally lost right and there's there's only some there's only so connected. You can feel to text right and I want people to have like a conversation. I even I suspended the friday show as it was being done, because it essentially just me replying to comments, and I wanted something that was more right and I've said it for several years, like I, understand that it was only serving a small portion of the audience but I loved video responses, I felt so individual video responses to comments yeah so essentially what'll happen is these are some videos I made last night or not, but that one is but there'll be video and I'll say like? What's your opinion? What's what's a story you have around this. If it's, if it's a story in the news, what's your insight anything like that and then people can just easily submit interesting and the most important thing is it's easy for us to extract right now? You can do it on Twitter, but it's semi public. You can do it on Instagram and snapchat, but you're stuck in vertical or there limitations. So we wanted to have this whole ecosystem where we built this out and then people once again when I say video to video, it's not just people sending video responses. There can then be sub thread x' or have people talking to one another um yeah. This is something you're working on yeah I have my other question I'm in my follow-up and that you've touched on a bit. Was me you? What are your plans for the news organization that you're starting and and what are the plan or do you have plans to expand beyond the philip defranco show? Yes, no, of course, the biggest thing the best success I've had so far is hiring researchers and organizing some of some of the new things we're gonna launch where we've had the biggest problem was right. Before my baby was born. My plan was get researchers, get a CEO right. Someone that's running my business for the five to six hours that I'm in that room. It's incredibly I love doing my show. It's I I would but it's very hard to grow past that when that is seventy percent of your day, sure we had someone lined up for reasons. I won't go into after lots and lots of negotiation and and and and kind of going through, the process it fell through, and that really I mean it's not the one thing that [ __ ] my timeline really because if it's hard to find good people, I mean meaning well know that now the big thing for me, it's trust the last time, but someone in a position of power. It was [, __, ], no good. It was my like the worst thing. I've ever done, many talk about it, and that sounds interesting. That person was on a specific list, their other know [, __ ], but so, but luckily I have like a fantastic executive producer and Amanda morones I think you might have also met her she's, a [ __ ] Banff I, like the show, as is what he is struggle if she wasn't in the company, but she's been handling like [ __ ], six jobs along with me, but we've been still growing, still get the also. The other hard thing is finding people for camera in LA its we've found either people are immensely too far too liberal and that can be offset if I can find someone very, very conservative, but it is very hard because it's very easy to find an entertainer that can make news consumable. That's what I did with SourceFed right. You have to go through a [, __, ] ton of people. You find people that are genuinely talented, that's great, but when it comes to what we're doing there has to be a respect there, some of the respect can be kind of hands it off from me to whoever this person is right. This is me vouching for someone. The one I have to find someone that I can actually vouch for and someone that's reliable and someone that it wants. They want this to be their their main thing and not a thing that just promotes to their thing right. I need like partners right now we're going through the process, but those are I think those are the biggest hurdles. You look you're you're tasked with finding on-screen talent that can hold their own show under your umbrella. Yeah I could like a anchor like one of these political shows. You see on television, yeah and cuz. My big thing is I want this to be someone's main thing: I want to be supportive of them and make sure they're, good and I, don't want to lock them down and some contract. That makes things weird right. What happened? That's when my father passed away, my father's actually left on freaka save that for something more tragic. Papa saw with that I. Don't know if that was intentional, but it's certainly interesting. Huh yeah, [, __, ], sorry, but once again, this is all stuff that we shared our town halls. We try not to talk about stuff. That's that's -! That's right! I'm, trying to put this in a restaurant I think he said that it wasn't anyway. We just lost 3,000, [, __, ] viewers and shut the [ __ ] up about this spam. This soundboard! No, that's not what happened pretty interesting production style and right when they get to a point. Just [ __ ] shock everybody yeah, just throw it out there all right, listen, let's take our break. We've got a lot of stuff still left to talk about my goodness. I have one one I'm gonna see I, never actually questioned about patreon I wanna. Yes, how do you see patreon fitting into your long-term goals? Do you see it winding down as the business becomes self-sufficient, or is it like an integral part of your business model going forward? How do you see the future of it is my plan is to move it over to an owned and operated site, but because the problem is I think far too many people view patreon as a donation service they may have made, they have made changes internally and with how they market their company so that they can get away from it. But, but that is for people that need patreon out there every day they don't look at it like they still see it as like a donation service. So once again, the way that we view ourselves is it's transaction you're getting all this stuff? Obviously, it's it's fan funding in the sense of the same way like when you sell a shirt when you sell merch, because all that money is going right back into trying to create more and more content right. When someone buys a shirt, they're not buying the sure, because it's just like pretty cool right, they're wanting to buy it, because it's supporting you right, because their heart is something but my thing, especially after what happened today, my plan was to move off in two to three years: I think that unless something else changes or there's a communication issue, I do not want to be liable for other people's choices right. The whole point of everything that we've done is so that I'm a master of my own future here right, and so when someone just [ __ ] changes. Everything like your core, the thing that has made you bulletproof I got. We had to deal with. We still deal with it like D monetization issues. Today the people that that are on that are on DeFranco elite. That's that get the get the stuff they're supporting us. That way they make my show bulletproof. I, don't have to worry about t monetization I, don't have to worry about we're, seeing more and more of these [ __ ] crowds of people that don't like what you say and they find some [ __ ]. You said like 20 years ago out of context, and then they try and make you lose your job lose your sponsor. I! Don't have to worry about that, because I have an audience that supports what we're doing there they're here, for what I'm doing and here for what we're. Building right and that's yeah I mean it's it's fantastic as far as it winding down. We knew that in the first year that there would be initial drop-off, there are people that just support want to be there and then they'd leave our art. But our long-term thing is releasing content early, some exclusive stuff, but it's mainly a focus on the early content because we want them, especially with what we talked about. We want to make sure that that gets out there, because we're always trying to have a conversation about news and pop culture, because I think it's important to have a an actual dialogue and not just scream at each other. When you can sometimes sometimes you still do right. Okay, I mean that I, like the idea of I, think that would be useful, the separation of being like hey, there's a subscription service right and because patreon just definitely does hold the connotation of being like a donation site. Yeah I mean when we were using it a long time ago. I had that attitude of like I at one point: I just removed the rewards altogether, because all were like I was like look we're, because we were doing so much work that we could like. That became. That would have been our main job just fulfilled sending stuff to people totally well. At the time you it was like I was actually and making stuff yeah that was I was just like. Listen just you know, help us out if you want that was a while ago, but like I think that that would be I think interesting for their future and I. Think that's why they've they've started making references to your business. Your shows things like that. I think that they are understanding, because it's it's it's a massive tool for me, but I also think that it's something that we can do on our own own own, enraha, operated, site and I. Think that's! The plan is to start slowly moving. You know, okay, alright, let's take a quick break guys. We will be right back with philip defranco. Thank you to our sponsor man. Creats. It's really hard to pick out the perfect gift, but all too easy to totally flub it up. You all know what I'm talking about introducing man creates dot-com the surest way to find gifts that guys will actually love guaranteed. These guys sent me a whiskey, appreciation, crate mm-hm, and it was like it's really it's an unique and incredible experience. They said it in a crate and they make you pry it open with a crowbar. My testosterone levels were peaking. I was fully torqued. My hair was like frickin growing out my face dude, it was crazy. Bro I mean I, didn't mean this in a good way. I know that it was not that hard to open it. Well, it's or anyone was kind of worried right. It's a it's. A fun level of challenge. Yeah I was slightly worried that I was gonna like no I'm, not like the manliest guy. It was just fun. It was like it was fun. Bro I've been like fully erect. Since then, though, seriously that's like the manliest thing, I've done in my whole life. Listen, they send you great gifts with hundreds of options in crates. It's a total blast. This isn't a cheese of the Month Club or a new tie. Okay man creates offers over 100 hand, curated gift collections for every type of guy, from the rugged outdoorsman to the sports fanatic, and everything in between that's right. Everything they actually have incredible amount of options. I was I, was blown away by the diversity they're, like the whiskey appreciation crate with personalized decanter in glasses for his favorite drink. That's the one I got: it's got my name on it. I got huge, it's guys, it's great or the grillmaster crate. With a brass knuckle. Meat tenderizer in a cast-iron smoker box, beat your meat literally just go to man. Crates, calm, pick the perfect crate and choose the delivery date. Did that rhyme I feel like that was like go to man. Crates Cobb, pick the perfect crate and choose the delivery date, single Oh poetry. When his crate arrives, he gets to pry that bad boy open with his own laser engraved crowbar both men's health and Allure magazine are saying. Man crates are the perfect gift for men and those two don't agree on anything. Everyone knows that, like the Capulets and Montague's, oh I, wonder what goop has to say: baby. They have thousands of five-star reviews on every man create comes with a hundred percent satisfaction guarantee own the holidays with man crates. It's a lot of fun, honestly, I think any guy receiving this would have a total blast, so go to man, crates, dot-com, slash, h3 and get five percent off your order, guys that is five percent off at man. Crates with an S at the end, man crates dot-com, / h3 man crates with an S at the end com, / h3. They give your support and finally talk about beating your meat I'm ready to get meat. The meat man Omaha steak, our next sponsor, oh I'm, a meat man that is in love, steaks and he's really good at cooking them. Oh thank you! Listen guys! Omaha Steaks is giving an insane deal to our fans right now and in spirit of the holidays for $4.99. You can get the family getting nine $49.99. Fifty dollars essentially - one cent. If you do the arithmetic, you can get my family gift pack when you go to Omaha Steaks and what you have to do is go to the website. Omaha, Steaks and search the code h3 so go to the search bar enter h3 and you're. Gonna get 75% off this bad boy. Here, $200, when sold separately together, $49.99 this pack offers all mistakes is a unique gift for gourmet food lovers. They got over 500 gourmet, gift ideas, great steak, experiences, the most flavorful aged tender, beef, seafood, poultry, pork, veal, lamb, my god, the there's just it's a mayhem. Man there's just animals of every type, getting packaged up out there, but I love it because I eat it. They also have veggies, desserts, appetizers, pasta, soup, seasoning, sauces and so much more. That's everything lenient, quick shopping age, 21 days to unlock the full flavors of the cuts. My friends hand, trimmed vacuum-sealed online recipes, wine, pairings and more. Let me tell you what's in that family was it got the family gift pack? This is gonna blow your mind for $49.99 two fillets: two filet mignons, two top sirloins two boneless pork chops for born boneless, chicken breasts for Calabasas I love, saying kielbasa, I'm happy that they brought down its of Calabasas for Calabasas sausages for burgers for potato au gratin. That's a little too classy for me to say properly it's potato, scallopini I, don't know! What's fancier algorithm, whatever accurate tune for camel, cared-for, caramel apple tartlets, one Omaha steak, seasoning package, plus my friends in honor of me, saying kielbasa and having so much fun, they're, adding an additional four Calabasas sausages free! It's a calabasa party, go to a mistakes calm and enter the code h3 into the search bar and get 75% off. It's the gift guaranteed to be a hit. My friends I want pack for everyone in my life and me myself too. I got get those cab asses, so my friends, if you're in the market for some meat or some sauces I, know crates, oh, if you're in the market, for a great gift for a guy or some meats, consider supporting our sponsors ups for the show guys. Thank you so much. Let's get in right back into the beautiful bastards with Philip DeFranco. Welcome back to extra podcast with philip defranco I got one more follow-up question about the patreon. Yes, there is there's a lot of people who I guess criticized people who have patreon so I guess. There's a distinction like you, said about a donation versus subscription model or something right and I think that there are people on the site that do it in that way. I think even you guys were referencing that you would, when you had one you used it in that way. Definitely and I think that they exist in in both places, and you can usually tell the difference based on. Are you getting something, or are you not getting something right and I mean in a per month right content things? My merch business is integrated into what we do there. Oh yeah, wait. Sorry I cut you a question on well, so the the point I'm getting at is that a lot of the criticism that people levy against some people on patreon, something that you do - yes, is that they hide the amount of money they get. They only show that number of great reasons they have, and so my question is what what is your reason? Oh yeah, what is your reasoning for hiding the dollar amount? Well, I would say one we choose just to not show it I think when you start a conversation with hide, it automatically seems like sorry something various I guess is happening. You sure, no I think it's it's 100. It is a valid question. I am glad that is coming from someone that has not been salivating to try and destroy my career in one way or another for years, so I I don't show it because we don't see it once again as donations. If it was a donation cyant like when there was the the legal fund. Right of course show it, but I see what we're doing once again as very close to roosterteeth. First we're in like the infancy of it. More and more of the content is being made content stuff access. All that is there's a one-to-one transaction. So in one way it's the same reason why, in any other small business that has a subscription service like that wouldn't say this is how much money we're making every individual month that you're going to dissect and then start trying to make one-to-one comparisons. The second is, while I think that a lot of my audience understands business like we we go kind of our demo, is very much like people that are entrepreneurs and trying to to move forward, whether they're in the infancy of that or they are. There are enough people that do not understand everything that goes into building a business not just operating but growing. That I think it would be too damaging people not taking into account that all that money, it's obviously taxable all of that money. I am pay salaries on top of that benefits. I have to not only have insurance on all our gear, but if I I have I have a plan in case someone doesn't like some should I said about them and they're gonna. Try and Sue me into silence like yeah, well, I have to search for that. Yeah I had I had a conversation today, they're like you're, covering you're, covered on everything and then in addition, we have an umbrella package right right, didn't sued before really we can't get umbrella packages. That was what we were trying to get. There's like a live, yeah I guess lawsuits right like copyright, get it Wow. So so there's all that then there's rent utilities, there's probably stuff I'm, not even thinking of right now and the only thing that I would I feel then comfortable and sharing and and I think it's the reason why it's! It's so frustrating to me. It's like I'm, paying myself less money than I made last year, I'm paying myself seven figures less than what I could have signed a deal for if I just want to make money, if I, if I wanted, because once again everyone's trying to or not everyone the people that are trying to go after me, and most of them are doing it with really bad information. I, don't know if they're peddling, [ __ ] or they know that they are lying. I do not want to just assume someone's lying to kind of try and go for my throat, but like I, wait, I lost my track. I lost my track. You, where was I, were talking about operational cost right ball, peddling, [, __, ] right so, and then people try and money. The and they'll say like Philip, DeFranco he's worth 20 million dollars and then, in the same thing, they'll say like 8 million and like that's a [ __ ] range both of those are wrong by the way yeah and the no reference Philip DeFranco. He was a founder of maker studios that dudes [ __ ] loaded. What about the part that it's public information, if you just do a [, __ ] little bit of research I got a [, __ ], nothing I got nothing from that sale right and that's it's a big, no I think it feeds into things like for me. It's it's not about the money like for me, making money that it's like there are so many different avenues. I could cut from a. Why am I growing a 16 person staff when I had six when I could just cut down to two and just do the philip defranco show cut everything else out and make more money? It just doesn't make sense, and it's just it's just generally frustrating I, just I, don't know I just have in my head of what else I wanted to say: I. Try not to engage when anyone tries to fling [ __ ] at me, because if you engage once they they expect you to engage on everything and then, if you don't they're like well, that's a tell. That's like no I just want to deal with the obviously incorrect [ __ ], like the people, [ __ ], the people going at me, they're the same people that could [ __ ] use some extra money for maybe a proper research team. When the person involved is someone, that's [, __ ], falsely accusing someone of being a pedophile and then oh, it's okay, though they apologized afterwards or when it's the same person, that's [, __, ] I, don't want to use his name because he feeds off of it, but the same person that when I was talking about the daddy, a 5-story threatened threatened to say that I was abusing my child. He has deleted that video. He said if that kid, if the kids from the daddy of five family get taken away, I'm, gonna, I'm, gonna call child I'm, gonna, say child abuse with you and I'm like you're you're, [, __, ], you're gonna make a fold false child abuse. Claim you [ __ ], like that's the kind of person that goes after you and I. Try not to engage I, try and do nothing, and it's so frustrating to see someone. That's AAB it. Just it's Donna! It's disgusting! It's disgusting! It's always really frustrating to see wrong information about yourself out there in general, we've seen it myself, not even related to who is saying what just it's so frustrating to not wait. This is wrong, but when you get to CERN I want to say there is there's a picture that says and it's such a genius move. Well, it's either genius or incredibly stupid. There is a picture that they don't do any research into all the stuff we've built out, which we've been very public about. If you watch like a vlog or tweets or [ __ ] anything they're like he eats the most, he gets or the most he's done with his patreon. Is he changed his pillows right and then they say and that's what he gets for 250,000 dollars a month on patreon, which I will say is an absurd and ridiculous number. Now it's it's idiotic if they actually think I make that or it's genius, because they they're throwing out such a [ __ ] number that they're like well, then what is it and then I still stand by the same reasons of why we don't choose to share that number, especially with I mean once again, we were talking about it. I do plan to move it off because I understand why there is a connotation with patreon and and donations mm-hmm, and that's in no way what we see ourselves as and in no way what we're doing. It's fan, funding in the sense of selling a shirt, giving a product giving videos et cetera, yeah I, felt good I, mean I. Think the analogy that you made about other subscription services, not because it's a business, it's the backbone of your business yeah and I- mean if the people who subscribe to your patreon are satisfied right and that's, and that was one of the things too. It's like one person didn't get their poster and they're like philip defranco scamming, his fans they're paying for posters and I'm like one person have you ever favor mashup to product [, __ ] breaks, [, __ ] gets lost. That's why we have a person, that's dedicated, to make sure you get your [ __ ] like that's. Why that person gets paid, make sure you use that person, I, guess, there's a natural segue here to my next point, dogs, yeah, all the sound board buttons together whoa we got a wu-tang in a bucket over that. Come that was kind of cool I've, never felt whiter. Yeah. The patreon thing is really it's. It's tough because, like I think that the separation of it of it I think the point that you make is the most important of separating it out from subscription to straight-up donation right right, like our season. We closed our so long ago, because we're like look, we don't we recognize that taking your money at this point is disingenuous because we're self-sufficient now and at the time we use it. We really needed the money right. It was really helpful, but that was a different case right that was before Adsense made any money for us or before we had any sponsors. So it was really just a donation based yeah yeah, but what you're describing is actually different. Yeah. It's really I've always been torn on the whole patient thing and that's a thing like I can't get angry at people that are being fed information, that's wrong, or they just have like that connotation in their head of okay, that's the connotation, but the thing that's frustrating is the people that then lean into [ __ ], even though the actual information, if you just do your work, especially juicy stories all like all the pieces, like all the the attempts to hit me all it did, was make me feel such an appreciation for idubbbz like when when he goes after you, he hits you clean and you just have to watch what he gonna be like. Well, [, __ ] me, but but then, and then you watch other people you're like oh [, __ ]. This is this. Is some bush league? Did you need the Adsense? Also wait. I want to point something out right because I'm I'm, so ridiculous, I screenshot this, because it was so priceless. The guy one of the guy I don't want to mention his name that that went after me for having a patreon which gives us stability gives us. Safety is helping us grow, I. Think within 24 hours of that same video, he tweeted had enough of YouTube D monetize, my videos so I appealed and it gets monetized I wake up again and it's demonetised again overnight. My views have been cut in half and my videos have been getting D monetize like crazy, so demotivated, right, [, __, ], you you well yeah I mean they're like okay, even let's say, I, agree, oven. So sad if my clothes after that was me, cracked, my fan, let's say like I'm gonna plate, I'm gonna. Look at this from all you know. It's like actively like, but I have some issues with patreon mmm I have some reservations about it, but even if I say I feel uncomfortable with the idea of patreon, you go there, you can only scan people on patreon to an extent like people are know what they're getting themselves into right. They know what they're giving money for right and they're free to stop anytime. It's not like um, you, you, you, you can't really by the very nature of it. You can't really I mean nobody's giving money against their will and and the whole thing itself is pretty upfront like yeah whole system of it. The also a if the only way you could be scammed is in two ways: one I'm just pocketing the money on making bank and just keep in mind. Wait. I said this somewhere else, not to you I'm, paying myself. Last. Oh no I already said it yeah yeah, okay, I lost it. Sorry, guys, um I, there's -, wait, there's two ways: Oh scam of it right, so it's you charged for something and then you don't send it out to them right. So, like a poster which, once again, if anyone's ever supported us, you didn't get your tip contact us. There is an easy way to get it and the people that don't get it are incredibly in the minority. The second is growth right. We said that we want to get more videos get more at everything out, but even in the launch, video I say I don't want to blow smoke up your ass you're, not gonna, support this and then instantly. This news network exists. It's going to take time and I'm not saying that just because I want to take my time because I know having built a business before there are pitfalls there. There are things we're just like [, __ ]. We can't move on this. This is hard, especially in a business that I I personally I care about trust, so much with everyone that we bring on because I've had so many well, not so many some specific horrible instances in the past that I never want to experience again so yeah just stuff like that, it's just but III think. But what other point? What other problems, because I love I wanna my thing with patreon is when I support people on patreon I, don't really expect. My attitude is that I'm giving I'm donating to support this person. That's how I see and I think I almost feels here when I supply support, just like that I support people on and I. Don't expect anything you know in exchange, people are expecting something and they don't get it like. I, don't know, I mean it depends on the person. It could be a scam, I, don't know and then like I, guess. The other way that you could scam someone is making it sound like you're struggling more. Is that a scam saying implying that you're struggling more then you know I mean exactly a scam, I guess it's less trite right, yeah, I, think like in our video we talked about very risky. I was going from a situation where I had a paycheck, no matter what we can get we could've been getting three views per video I can still take that check to the bank I'm good, but I had to buy the channel back. I had to then or I didn't have to, but I took my staff, which then all needed salaries and lawyers fees. Then the new place then getting gear. If we weren't able to already like get some of the gear and a contract, so it's a lot of initial cost, and also specifically with with launching this new thing, you don't know what kind of backlash you're gonna get. There been people that tried to launch things on patreon and it like [, __ ] named their career and I. Think it's just properly explaining what you're going to do with it. It was protecting properties and shows already exist. How rude you know, protecting properties and shows that already exist and trying to build out because once again, like I, want to fill a hole that I see on the internet that that bothers me. It's why I do my show it's why I want to expand and like I, even with the [ __ ], it's like. Can you imagine if I actually was scamming people, how that's [, __ ] career suicide, on top of just being any more people, there'd be more people talking about not getting [ __ ] I would eventually, but there might be like a screenshot of like four to ten. Oh, my goodness, that randomly pops up and we're gonna believe all of them, but like here's, it I mean I'm, saying that that's not even a thing. It's like literally based off of one tweet from a guy. That's like, but I, don't think he's scamming. Anybody I saw that tweet by scarce. Actually I thought it was I mean he's like I didn't get my stuff, but I. Think you you good any of the much scares like contact us, send a message. I'll also send you a mug. Don't think you rat that tear but I'll, send you a mom. I was saying to you when we were on break and I'll say it here, too. I think your idea of eventually moving it to a different platform. That's it's probably a really good idea, because patron is just by nature associated with just being a donation right and I. Think that there that once again, I think they're trying to get past it. But as long as there are people that use in that manner which hey no hate, there are a lot of small creators that yeah like they don't need more [ __ ] on their plate, in addition to what they're already providing I think but I think for me personally, just because everything that I do and that connotation same thing, I said on the phone today to to jack conte. My plan is now has been expedited to get off-site. Obviously, that's not specifically because of the connotation, but it definitely plays into it. Yeah I think I think it would help like help the work. Some of the criticism, because you make me not crowbar separation but I- think a lot of this just fueled by bitterness that, like you get I, know I, never want to say that it's bitterness right I mean it's. It's it's Fitz, there's people that are that are bitter, that we're making money no and I like somehow I, just see that it bothers people and it's what fuels their criticism of you. It's like there's something of like I. Don't know what I don't know what it is like if I'm not walking around in like Gucci and [ __ ] is flaunting my wealth, all the time, I'm being dishonest about how much money I'm, making or something I mean I, don't talk about how much money we would make because I just don't find it becoming right. I get that and some people, just like different [ __ ], like I I, put my money and like tech right like I'm, not I, have like I. Think I got this shirt from j.crew, which is a nice quality shirt which you should buy unless you guys have a clothing brand yeah. Well, we still need yeah I'm. Not there yet is [ __ ] insane bro. This is coming drop, - holy [, __ ] in January. It came out. Amazing, says happy like that down the sleeve. It was happy like that, like someone who would wear a sweater with a teddy bear on yeah I, don't know it's all sloppy I I mean if anyone could look at our Channel and not like assume that we're doing very well I, don't know I mean it's pretty obvious right. I mean we're not mm-hmm and I. Guess the same would be true of any large youtuber. You have to assume certain extent that they're they're wealthy. Well, it's dangerous, though too, because there are people that don't have the the kind of post schedules they have kind of content where, like we've been very fortunate to have been on the site for a long time and and also in addition to our support work with specific sponsors that totally back us, it's so like I hate when people assume every creator has I cash, it ton of money, because there's some people out there that haven't monetized properly or they're new, or they don't have a good release, schedule and they're, not making that much they're going like check to check, yeah, sure and so I. Think, like that's the thing like I'm doing, if you're getting over 10 million views a month mm-hmm for the most part you're, probably it also demands a nice living. It also depends on region. I have some friends. Yes, of course, yeah. It's like Spanish, focused audience, yeah, okay, yeah I, think putting it also depends how long ago, even if you're getting the worst monetization and you're getting ten million views a month, you're still probably making like around at least $10,000 a month, yeah wait! So if you're American, if you're getting ten million views a month, you're gonna probably be making at least and you're American, and you have a mostly American English speaking audience. Yes, you probably gonna be making at least $10,000 a month. It also depends on your D monetization issues. I've seen, people are worse to monetization issues than me, I feel like even then mmm. Even these days, you have to really be [, __ ] up to not monetize it to that level. I'm just trying to be frank about like how money works on YouTube, yeah, well I'm, trying to also keep it open in the sense of way. Cuz I know guys that get triple my views, but on Adsense they get less because their audience is an english-speaking, so they're they may be American, but that's an exception. Yeah sure, but yeah -, the something I've been thinking about. Yes off, like the amount of criticism that you can get when you're in it you're at a point where everyone's it's so easy to shoot up right to punch up mmm when I, when we were coming up on YouTube, we could talk, [, __, ], say anything about anyone and like you just you don't feel you don't feel the sense of responsibility. You don't feel so much the consequence of what you're saying, because you're just some guy and [ __ ], you know like we could speed what suck [ __ ] say anything about anyone, but when you're on top- and you become the guy that everyone has- that attitude about right, it definitely affects you. So my question is housing. How important is headspace to what you do? What do you mean headspace like mental? Where are you mentally like do you have? Are you I found like how's your how your mood affects like do you? Do you focus on your mental health? Like I, you conquered the physical world in a sense right, I wouldn't start saying it at least, but at you do you find the conquering. The internal world of your own mind is something that you ever think about like. Is it part of your daily routine? Recently I I I can in my inside my head is a very horrible toxic place. I think, like a lot of people, that once again, it's not it's not like a pity story. What part of being here is being criticized by everyone by for everything that you do, and so it can be a toxic place. I think a skill that I've worked on pretty well is not not stopping for every barking dog for to not say everything that I feel like saying, because my words have really sharp teeth. Sometimes it says slip out it's something that I I, try and think about and work on. Despite my audience whenever it comes out letting me know they love that and I'm, just like I hate that part of myself I've recently over the past week, start trying to meditate five five minutes a day, and it is oddly put me in a good place. I thought I thought it was kind of [, __ ], but just taking a moment to just like like say, [ __ ], all things like ideas are gonna. Go through your minds, just try it try the the try as well as you can to to to not grab on to them like just just be fine with not like letting a thought pass once again in no way an expert I'm still on my free trial at headspace, because, like um, did you talk about your tweet cuz I wanted to ask you about that? I haven't really well the one about Fame yeah, which I think probably connects to it. Yeah I, don't know if I'm putting you on the spot. No, no! No! It's all fair game! Yeah I! Just found like that's really, it's just been so weird like in the past month or man. The past year, generally I've just I've only become aware of it in the past, like month, or maybe two where my moods just been like steadily decreasing to a more negative, cynical cold place and its really been affecting my work too. I find that my comedy and the work we do is best when I have levity. In my heart, I said corny, as that sounds right. That's like the least comedian thing, I've ever heard, I, don't know why that's good! Well, that seems healthy when I'm, when I'm unhappy and I'm anxious and I'm an awful mood. I just I am I can't create comedy mm like I. Truly feel like the work we create is a really reflection of how we're feeling, at the time and I think that's a big part of why we haven't been posting h3 videos. So much is because I just been in such a negative headspace recently and I, just reflecting on like reflecting on how I've changed since since we've come to I, don't know whatever you want to call it like Fame for lack of a better word run. Youtube is just like I just feel like it's made me a worse person like a distance myself from people. You know, I must trust full of people. I found that I'm just really stamped yeah I can be a total. Looking back on past relationships, it's clear now that it wasn't at the time that I was just really an [ __ ], hmm, really like standoffish Andrew and expecting too much of people and not being more aware of how my actions are affecting them. You know I, think I, think the first step is just acknowledging that I mean that's incredibly important. Like we're all human, we have these horrible things you're in a position that a smaller percentage of people then then have had that have like going through it and I. Think just when you see that [ __ ] thing just holding on to it. I personally find the people I hate. The most are full embodied representations of my worst moments, like my 10, like my worst temporary moments, so I think it's fine I mean do you like? Is there? Is there a specific thing recently and I had nothing? It's it's a lot of stuff. It's a lot of it's just a general personality, change, I, think and like looking back at like. What's like the Golden Age of Age, 3 was like a really carefree happy time and which, like there was just really no bitterness or you know, there's no bitterness in me and it really was like a blossoming creative time and I. Think the more negative I feel the more I hate myself, the more that I, don't believe in my creativity and my product, and it's like this vicious cycle of just closing in on myself, mm-hmm and anyway, I agree. There, like I've, been feeling like there's something wrong for a long time and I think that was the first time I like verbalized. It and I really felt like by just saying it. That would be the beginning of hopefully, some kind of journey of getting better. How how has it been since then it's been good, I mean like it's been tumultuous a little bit and cuz it's it's hard to come to terms with like not liking yourself. You know, I mean, but when you when you it know, but when you acknowledge that thing that you don't like about yourself is it's very easy, I think to go like and that sucks. But are you then taking steps to modify yourself? Your behavior yeah tell your interactions. Yeah well, I! Think it's a [, __ ] process like I'm, not and I say that in the sense of I. Don't want you to feel bad about this very normal human thing like I. Want you to like going through. It's it sucks yeah life is awesome and also the [ __ ] worst yeah I mean it's. It's so frustrating to have achieved everything. You've ever wanted and to be like miserable, but I guess so achieved everything you ever wanted, like you have what you have now but like. Why do you keep doing it? I don't know. That's so you don't have an answer you don't have like. You, don't have the answer to like the question of why keep doing I felt like completely stuck for a whole year, like I, wasn't developing mentally professionally. My thoughts were unoriginal. I was obsessing about the same stupid, [, __ ]. All the time I felt like completely stuck and previously I was always to pry. To my, like my self-awareness and my development and feeling like I was growing and becoming more Chur and just I felt like so [ __ ] stuck so I. Guess like the process of becoming unstuck, it's very abstract, I, don't know if it makes sense now it does I mean just in life. You're, beaming, yeah, yeah yeah, my horn lights, if it you're in life in my mind and everything is, is I mean it's painful, because I'm confronting, like I, said things that I that I don't like about myself. It's important, though, to it that's good I mean so having that thought. Did that come purely from you, or are you lucky enough to have someone in your inner circle? That was willing to call you on some [ __ ] cuz. That's that's! If that's important, I think a lot of negativity was bubbling about us and I think it was all a reflection of stuff that we weren't we were putting out I. Think a lot of it was exaggerated and it made whenever you make yourself vulnerable, there's tons of people who are quick to take advantage of that and to use it against you right. So it's hard to make yourself vulnerable when you're in the position that we're in because you they make people there's people that will make. You regret that right right, so I think I was very hesitant to make myself form but because I felt like misrepresented and unfairly criticized by a lot of people and I, think there was a certain point when all this negativity kind of mounted and I realized, maybe they're not completely right what they're saying because I'm so defensive yeah like when someone criticizes me I'm, just like they're, totally wrong I and their [ __ ] I hate that person. So it's like, maybe they're not totally right, but they're, probably a little right, yeah right I mean that's the stuff that hurts is when someone says some [ __ ], that you thought like I. This is on a completely different level, but I did a video last week. That was nothing but one story about a youtuber and it was like really well done in the research and everything. But I was like this. Isn't what I'm [ __ ] doing? Why am I? Why am I doing this? I got I got like transacted yeah I got like timewise I got trapped and I was like well, we could either post really later. This is the [ __ ], video and like it wasn't like random people. Come to my videos. It was my guys and I was like you know what you're all like you're saying, the [ __ ] things I agree with. That also makes it hurt most, but let me acknowledge and own it right and and I think, but that's like that's also I think what makes it potentially different than any other like mainstream artist. When, when something happens with mainstream artists, it's like very thought out. Ok, I apologize for this for offending, we can have a conversation, be honest with an audience member and hopefully that actually brings us closer right, because it's like okay, we can be critical of each other. It has, it doesn't have to be like I'm just I just blindly follow you cuz, that's like obviously every audience has that, but I don't want that. That's too much right, sure, yeah, yeah, I, think that's true and I. Think in a lot of ways, there's I felt like a distance between us and our audience, which sucks because I think the closeness of us with our audience as well. It was made kind of what I felt we were doing special yeah and so I'm trying to get back to that in a genuine way. But let's, let's, let's move forward into this like? Why do you guys do this? Podcast? Now other than it's part of your schedule, I mean yeah. What's the goal yeah like? Is it just cuz, it's like a fun time to hang. Is it moving forward? Is it just like right, a lot of people in our business? They they try and grow just so they get more [ __ ], that's a compared to the other people, [ __ ]. Is it? Is it notoriety? Is it a specific kind of impact right and I? Think that's like the hopefully what we all try and kind of end up hitting it doesn't have to be, doesn't take anything away but like? Why do you do the podcast? Why do you still put yourself out there because there's got to be a reason like if, if we're in a headspace, where we're making ourselves at certain times right because I've gone through [, __, ] peaks and valleys like? Why are we do it like? If we don't have that that kind of North Star of the answer, I think then we just have to try it. We don't have to find it before we keep moving forward, but just it should be part of the process like what is it well. The podcast has been an anchor for us throughout this shitty time for me personally, because we've been pretty absent on our main channel, and this is like forced us to come out regularly talk with our fans. Have this show this experience and um? For me, it's really been an anchor I mean I. Think it's been hard to come out here and do the show when I'm struggling it's gnarly, but it's also, it's really healthy to force yourself to have to work right. Okay, so, but it keeps our it keeps us active at a time when I was you know, sleeping or whatever you want to say. So it sounds like it's all right now, at least it's all about stability like emotional and like doing something right, yeah, I, think so, and and maybe even connection with your audience. That's it that's a big part feeling connected, especially which is very, but that's also I want to say that's so dangerous for us to feel, especially because I've pushed people away like my inner circle, is very small, but pushing so many people away where the primaries, the primary source of who we feel connected to is our audience. I feel like it should be part of the equation, but that's where that's, where I feel like I've had my darkest times where it's like my audience, essentially controlled me, which it's there's a strong core there, but there they can be fluid right. You can't control who finds you who and what they say to you. I, don't know: I love talking about stuff like that yeah open about stuff like that, because a lot people just keep that [ __ ] inside and then they'd have that video, where they just [ __ ] break down like mmm. You know, I, think openness is important and I think is important for people to know that, like I hate, this notion that, like if you're successful, you can't complain right -. Well, no one wants to look up the hill and see someone [ __ ] problems right. Yes, it's like because, like you just because you have a good living, doesn't mean that you can't have problems feeling a lot it, but you know like also everyone's got problem. I, don't know the whole thing is [ __ ] a man once again, it's not a Crimea rivers things, but you feel guilty for feeling bad and then that makes everything worse. Sorry, there's there's something: there's something that's kind of also hilarious about how [ __ ] horrible being human is, you know, I was we just got this puppy and he's so cute and carefree he's a perfect angel he's he's without sin and I think that creatures like this exist. Why we as humans love these creatures is because they exist for us, like they exist for us to like see that that to live vicariously through them. So something can be pure. This we have this pure creature and even though pure, like our lives, are complicated and messy at the time so miserable this there's this pure wonderful creature, who's a angel, sentinels rat. It and it's like the fact that that can exist in some state is uh. It's it's. It's comforting right. It is comforting to know like I I, genuinely love that yeah I mean something so simple. So pure he doesn't have thoughts, because if he did he'd be [, __, ] I think that's, that's everyone getting higher drinking everyone wants, makes himself make themselves a little more simple life, simple yeah for a second. Do you think that fames changed you? Do you think that it's changing for the better or the worse long-term, better? Initially horrible I talked about it behind videos in the past, but I remember just like there was this one moment that my wife was. She was then girlfriend cut me off where I was I always like I was about to be like. Alright, no I actually said to her. I was like. Does he [, __ ] know who I am wasn't even Cuban mine nine years ago, [ __ ]? It's also why I try and be a little more lenient with some of the newcomers when they initially come up because you're going from regular life to all of a sudden, everyone says you're, [, __, ], awesome and all this great shit's happening. But then you only get a little bit of runway. Then you can. You can quickly find out who has good people around them to call them on their [ __ ], which is why I asked if someone had kind of mentioned something to you or you can have horrible hanger-ons that are just yes, yes, yes, yes, yes and some some try and use it for themselves and some are just content holding on, but no I think long-term good I think that it's made me there were there dark times and in the middle. But I have this. This big goal of trying to communicate and getting people involved in a bigger dialogue right I had to go through a time where I didn't know why I was doing it like. Why am I [ __ ] moving but I? Think in general? Better purpose was that, like the purpose, but also being in this position, allows you to see people from so many different backgrounds. Like I. Have my very limited experience, you guys have your experience and as storied as it might be, it is relatively limited when, when you think about the scope of the world, so seeing everybody and keep in mind only the people that are sounding off and sharing their story with me, but that's that's made me appreciate being more open because not everyone has my same story. It's easy to talk about a topic when you think that there is one uh, none deterred truth, but that's not that's just not at the world, so I think it's I feel like I've become better because of it and I've. It gave me my purpose. It gave me a connection to people, that's cool, but there are dark days. People came up here. There are dark days, I'm, not like [, __, ], glowing, sunshine everything I talk about everything good. My life came from me being a horrible place and and being pissed off I want to talk to switch gears a little bit here, yeah about the daddy of five saga. I found that whole thing a little bit fascinating for lack of a better word dan. Give me a frickin break. Please I found it really fascinating exactly what I said: I'm a living meme with myself. You went super hard on those guys. You guys basically had a beef right, no I wouldn't call it a beef. I I did detailed reporting on a person that was doing there was calls and responses right. Well, he was he was trying to convince his audience that I was somehow the real bad person in the situation, which was weird cuz I, wasn't the person that was pushing children or hitting children or having other children slap? The other kid as part of a fun video where we're going to monetize it, and apparently law enforcement agreed with me that it wasn't okay right and now they had to change their channel to family of five, because the other two that could answer yeah with the. If, unless there's been a dramatic change in the past two weeks, but yeah man, that's I, wouldn't call it be. It was just some guy trying to say that what he was doing wasn't wrong yeah and actually- and it's not it's not okay- just for me to put it on Mike. It was both the pic both the parents. They were choosing to put put everything up and the fact they're still on the internet. They still have an audience that has seemingly just forgiven them or not even forgiven them have been in their corner the entire time. It's disgusting, their defense of that channel. Do perplex me I, don't know who they are because there's so what there's like a decent amount of people watching, like thirty fifty yeah I mean I, was and I'm like yeah they're, nowhere near where they were yeah but well. Iii like in that case, like your reporting, I could say: I, don't know if it's single handily, but it resulted in also their I, do want to say cuz I didn't do all the work myself. There were a lot of independent people, including like people like Nick Monroe, that did a lot of investigative work and so I don't want I, don't want there to be. Some idea like it was just me on the phone I had the large audience yeah, but and I'm so thankful for them, because without them, most likely nothing would have happened. Oh yeah I just want to say that so it's not like I'm trying, oh you and others. Yes, word I mean directly responsible for these kids being removed from the house. I think we're responsible was talking about it. I mean we made a video to. It was like a general yeah online. If they're like okay, fine I mean what I would say is responsible for her or more people paying attention to this thing, we were responsible for more people, paying attention to yeah, obviously messed up situation and and then luckily, the people that are supposed to do what they're supposed to do in that situation. Did it right very thanks very much to so many people that made sure they downloaded the videos before they private at everything, making sure that that everything that had been openly it was it was there for so long. If it hadn't been for one video that just happened to go viral right, it would have been the same situations kind of well I. Guess the point that it's it's kind of it's scary. In a way that, like you, can wield that much power to like break up a family. Well, it what it was deserved or not just it was I mean I need to see. I got direct if you're. If you are putting something out on the internet, obviously I understand if you're surprised, if you have a small account and something happens right like those people that say something and all the sudden goes viral, but we're in a position where enough people see it and hopefully enough people move on something to protect like in the situation and once again, it's all about the way you say it, like kids, getting take away, kids being moved to safety, right, kids being moved to, hopefully more okay situation, where I'm sorry, when you're that young, unless that kid went to some [ __ ] crazy, acting classes like that's video in particular, was the slap video I think was the one the heck one was the one was like that was like. Well, that's not rough yeah yeah! That's you monetize! The video of children hitting each other. Alright, but yeah I mean that's I mean that's a situation. That's still moving forward. I, just I just learned today that someone's been trying to to reach out and so because there's something something I, don't I, don't know the full detail, so I don't want to just like, yes sure sure, but yeah no I'm, I'm I am very happy that my show can have an effect in the real world, especially when it's children in danger, yeah and what I perceive to be danger, yeah well, ultimately, and worth noting as you did, it was ultimately the police who decided died. It was an unsafe situation for the authorities got involved and what happened happened right yeah but, as you touched on he's back under a new banner day, yeah oh five day, they are back, they uh, yeah I think they have like certain stipulations. As far as what they're able to show in the videos, I don't know, I have to buy like childhood. It's part of its I think it's part of their plea deal. I have to know the specifics. I haven't once again, I haven't looked into it and a little while I just became aware that they were still going strong yeah. What do you think about these guys back on YouTube I mean I, think they're discussing individuals, the the court system decided what they decided. I think that you know III and everyone else involved have to be okay with that, but I'm. If something happens, I'm pretty sure people are going to respond or contact us yeah, hopefully, hopefully they're more tame I mean for sure. Like you said, if he ever told the line, it would come up immediately. Yeah I mean I'm sure I have to they have to be paying attention to what they're putting out now. I. Imagine I, don't know I, just anyone that does anything to children. I just want them do stuff that I shouldn't say on a podcast, that's out to as many people as you guys hit yeah that whole saga was. Was bananas, man yeah the whole story of it? That's I got so I. Remember there was one moment: I got so annoyed when I think it was Good. Morning America did a piece on them and it was after, like some of the worst footage had come out and they like did a sit-down interview, and there was it was weird right. They day the family was on the news. Yeah, the family was on the news they sent someone down there, - I, think talk to them or talk about it and the main takeaway like you could see something weird with them, but they didn't show the worst footage most likely because they're on morning, television and they kind of just like played up what the family has been saying of like the family, says it's fake anyway. On to this lofty nothing piece, I was like this is a [ __ ] this once again real situation, real people and, most importantly, children that do not have control of their lives. It's that's funny, see a puff piece right for daddy of five well I wouldn't say that it's like they were like giving them a massage, but you could they didn't, show the yeah it was like. It was something to fill time right. There was no, it seemed like there was really no care about the people involved. You know I, remember when that video first floated to our attention was several months before the story blew up. Was the one of him like tearing up his room, yeah and then being like Cody yeah, whatever just stop being a [ __ ], whatever it was awful and me I, remember watching with you and be like how do I even like this is just too awful yeah I can't how do I, what am I gonna respond, Steve all when we made a double reaction to it. His comment was so perfect. He's like oh I, understand why this isn't funny we're watching child abuse. I was like that's [ __ ], you've really just nailed it down genuinely disgusted that video was was great. That was a perfect one to watch with Steve. Oh yes, he's like the prank god right and be like this is not a [ __ ] prayer I would like to I Steve I would like to separate myself remember being associated with this thing: okay right! Well, that was a great conversation. Thank you ground, not really me go meditate after this one yeah yeah I'm, saying once again, apparently I'm just given three sponsors headspace app, it's been great so far, but that's good! That's because I've gotten to the part, I haven't gotten to the part where have to start paying yet get me addicted. Yeah, I, guess, there's customary question for all of our guests. At the end of our show. Okay, our fans will kill me. If I don't ask. Oh, do you have any ghost stories more paranormal experiences, alien visits? Well, if this is a common question, I feel bad because your audience is going to hate me because I hate when people share ghost stories, because I think it's just [ __ ] well, I have not I. Think that's the thing what's interesting, the, but it's surprising how many people do have stories right. He's like I remember one one day: I woke up and I looked to the doorframe and I saw my mother and I didn't have the heart to be like, or you guys just been groggy and I'm [ __ ] pain, medication, it's okay, yeah, but whatever makes you happy well I. Think it's a great like dichotomy. Is that right word, my overstepping my diction, it's a great contrast to say, because I'm very I don't believe in any of that stuff, mm-hmm and I'm constantly surprised by who has them and to what scope. We had jordan peterson on here, and he had this elaborate and I was like I feel, like a complete idiot asking Jordan Peterson. If he has a ghost story and the best ghost story and so I think I'm so never know you know. So sorry, it's totally fine! That's life! Yeah! That's I'm, not saying everybody that has a great story is crazy, yeah, but I. Just don't have them and I don't believe in it. Yeah yeah me too and I think you're weak minded. If you experience false belief that I'm an okay person yeah. Let's listen up all right. Well, thanks for joining us, I thought that was a great combo. We covered a lot of ground there, yeah I, don't I was gonna, make a fire joke. Oh god! Oh god are you still alive? Nobody died right, I, don't know I, don't have [ __ ] Google right in front of me. You guys guy how many people know I'm like there's gonna be a fire outside I have no [ __, ] idea, I think so far nobody died. So it's safe to joke about. This is the role it's just their stuff in their lives. Guys yeah, that's fine! It's just stuff! I, don't think! That's I stopped I only referenced and fully explained it would have been anyway. Thanks again, thank you. I'm gonna, I'm gonna drink this water. That's not in the cup to fill the time. Can you get a close-up of that mug here? Damn right, this mug will be on our website. Next week, yeah rep, your name grab your nish. Oh, let's end with the put on shredder cam right. There welljust will log out softly with shredder camera and fade with the podcast theme. So with that I say goodbye, I love, you appreciate you we're actually working on an h3 video. This weekend will hopefully be out tomorrow, I'm very happy and excited about it. I leave you with shredder the pure sinless angel he's here to remind basically looking at the can't look at this dog. He is pure of soul and honey lives, to love and to cuddle and to comfort. He is pure, he is sinless. He original sin does not apply to this animal yeah everything bad about him just comes out. It's it's! What it's, how we all want to exist, but it's okay, because he's living for all us sinners, shredder is Jesus. Shredder is Jesus, he's living for all of us, shredder shredder! He shreds for all of us. Look at this monster. Give me a [, __ ] right on cue. Here's the thing about babies, not everyone loves babies. Everyone loves puppies I, hope so I hope everyone loves puppies come on. I mean like not like puppies, though I think puppies elicits a response and humans for whatever reason that I don't think babies reach that level of emotional like for Alex. For me, and if it applies to me, it applies to everybody how's. It gonna want to talk about my bowing. Yes, it's like every time. Cats, no I, don't care about cats. You hate cats, I, don't like them! I'm talking about that's a bold opinion. All right get back to shredder what matters all right, guys! I love! You thank you for watching everybody with the peace and the comfort that this dog exists in right now and I hope that you all find a piece of that comfort in this have a great weekend. Have a great weekend think spend your time with us love you bye, [Music],.