All right, let's do this thing, ladies and gent hit the music even a Neela Klein and post balloon, [Applause] [Music] [Music], what up EPS what the [ __ ] Bikaner. Oh, that conference is tomorrow night about that holy [. __ ] did I, hear no heckling cuz, it's I'm against that policy. Bro heckling am I logged out of this computer yep, alright right how off to a good start, we're logged out of our computer here Alex need your password, Oh how's everybody doing tonight. Wow! This is insane [ __ ], you know. Did anybody like come from a far distance to be here? How far what we got fingers over here? What was that Missouri holy [? __ ]? Did you? Oh my God? Thank you. God bless you dude! That's! Do we have a password check on the computer who else long distance? What do you got Philadelphia? What up pips? Damn you know. Thank you guys, Oh, whose birthday oh happy birthday. Thank you! So much god bless. You is this. Gonna is the past we're gonna pop up if I don't touch? Okay, all right thanks, Alex you're, fired by the way [Laughter] first of all, uh. Thank you guys. All you guys could be doing anything in the damn world right now and you all chose to sit here with our goofy asses. So that means a lot and obviously post Malone, hey guys my [ __ ], unbelievable I'm, [, __, ], absolutely terrified, okay, sing every night, I'm Tara I am so scared right now, because I want I'm gonna count. How many words either says: no, you uh! You know what up you have anything. You want to say no perfect, yes, so ela, so ela I do want to say Austin, post Malone! This guy is so ride-or-die he's always there for us and like for you to show up on our first live, show to grace us like this and get that much more special I honestly just want to say huge huge thing. You mean I love you better! Thank you, brother, thanks for having me and I just hope. I, don't bother anybody with my presence. That's not righteous! Kick-Ass time is this live right. This is double life, there's so many layers to live from this there's a live stream which we usually live stream, our podcast and there's a live audience is. There are other layers of life that, where I'm not we're going to get live living people is this. My water does Austin water, okay, the password in the water. We're like listen alone is showing up we're gonna need at least 12 beers at his side, Bud Lights, and we and they delivered on that. There's. Definitely not 12. Are you serious how many times do I have to fire? You tonight is Bud Light sponsoring you yet by the way, I don't know, I, don't think I could talk about it. Oh that sounds promising shut up the Bud Light bite. Alright, let's get started. You know, I was driving in here today and I. Don't know how many of you guys saw this. There was a giant billboard. You know pulled that up. Would you that said it really was just like hey I mean I just took this literally driving in well. You gotta move that window. This we're not used to this setup. This is our first time here doing this, so you, this is important. I need to make sure that you guys actually see this like as close there you go, the projector is really hard driving in just here today. Syphilis is serious. I'm like Jesus Christ, what's going on in Hollywood like I, know it's serious but like what do? I am I not supposed to breathe here like how serious is it apparently there's another one that somebody said there was like gonorrhea, we'll get you there's like an epidemic in Hollywood of STDs so make sure to they're free, the checks are free and the STDs are free. Food yeah s, fees are free, depends on who we had a long conversation here on the podcast once about bugchasers. Were you there for that I? Don't think they're yeah, there's people out there that they love catching the bugs, and specifically aids like they're they'll, go like take a dip. Well, they get it. You I was talking about. There's like aids, parties, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, probably I mean I, don't know who else you'd be talking to about that? They go to these parties and there's one dude with AIDS and everybody just [ __ ] each other, and then one other person leaves with AIDS a gosh. It's like aids, relax, yeah AIDS relay arts like it sounds like a bonus stage of a really awful game: a great [ __, ], deejays casino, [, __ ] slot machine. How you doing post how you been lately I'm good you're, about to start a big tour right. You're sure sure thing did you told me you're getting this? Can I do this yeah yeah yeah I'd smoke. First, ask questions later. You know I mean [ __, ], Dave Chappelle. Does it yeah? That's true? Well, I! Guess: there's a technicality when you're performing that, like you can say, it's part of the performance you're like okay, it's an act. It's an appetizer, I, don't actually smoke. I want to have a cigarette, but my mom is watching exactly. But if my jewel at home, it's just an act. Mom cardinal sin leaving your jewel. You told me that you're doing like selling out 20k Cedars like when we when we first hung out for the first time I. Remember you white are white. Iverson had already gone real big. You hadn't even dropped your first album. Yet that was about a year ago. That's it's insane! How how far you've come in that short years, been unbelievable. Yeah man I'm just trying to kick some ass I mean 20k is and I'm [ __ ]. This is terrifying, yeah yeah! We just need to Jamie people here. This is like 200 yeah. Hopefully it's not like a Mobley. It's not like a multiplying with every 200. How many people are watching on the stream at least 10 people chat? Oh you, those people, ten people round of applause, for, if I'm, watching a home, all 10 of you and my mom I, wonder air. Oh and shredder shredder shout-out to my mom who's watching shredder. We were gonna, bring him with us, but we're like. Oh my god, we're going. We can't have a shredder at a restaurant kind of wanted to set up like a little cage here and just keep them in there, but we're like that's not that doesn't make sense. That's insane! We just figured that out last night, - more like yeah, like don't take him on any Delta flights or whatever they -. What the [ __ ] bro! Okay! Let's talk about that thanks for bringing that up. So if you guys haven't heard, apparently us family had a puppy little cute, adorable dog that they brought on a plane, you're supposed to put him under the seat in front of you, that's how you bring a puppy on a plane and the stewardess was like you need to put it on the overhead and insisted you got put on the overhead. I mean this was a whole failure of on all sides because they, first of all they put it on the overhead over a 3-hour flight. They never checked like hey, is my puppy, not [, __ ] dying. If it came down to me, putting my dog in the overhead compartment I would definitely after takeoff get him hey. Yeah well, anyway, spoiler alert the dog died, hahaha really light, no just start it off with which especially broke my heart, cuz we're just so in love with our puppy, shredder and just I had a dream. Last night, where shredder got run over by cars, lighten it up a little bit more, you save them. You save them in the dream. Yeah, it's less traumatic! If I say that, though, anyway, how do you not check it? How do is has a story. You put a puppy in it overhead I, don't know this world is so puppy. Shanor does not care, but maybe I don't know she being villainized, probably probably her names out there. They don't [ __ ] anymore under like this lady who lives at this address. Is it on her or the stewardess or the owner? Well, how do you I mean I, want I'd like to place the blame all around cuz? How the hell? Do you put it? How do you put your puppy and an overhead for three hours? Yeah I want to ask you something: okay, I noticed you when I met you, you were rocking like you. Had like insane jewelry I remember, you had like a Rolex that was like a bling. The [ __ ] out with diamonds and I feel like you, don't really wear jewelry anymore, not tactical I'm, going for tactical nowadays. What do you mean? Tacticool, tech, okay, yeah I, don't know I'm still [ __ ] with anymore yeah. It's the old thing for me. Changing the box yeah, but I still wear my Mike Michael retainers and [ __ ]. My golden retainer sounds way. Cooler than grill definitely start calling them retainers. The December first has passed and your new album has not come out what the hell man, what the hell. Last time you were on the show we were being what my life was being threatened by Patrice Wilson on the show right now, I, don't hear I, don't like that. He knows where I am he's a trenchcoat waiting for you, I'm looking at the exit is there emergeny Patrice Wilson escape plan did art, we don't know. There's not I could tell you y'all better [ __ ] human shield, my ass. If the trees kicks through those doors, if true fans will take a bullet for me no, but that was so funny because you had said your new album was going to come out on. The first did I say: yes, cuz, okay, yeah, okay, yeah, a lot of people! Don't understand! Yeah, I'm, hilarious, ya, know a lot of people. Just don't get it. That's the case because, like billboard and all these, like huge publications like Oh beer, bongs, Bentley's drop in December first and then when it passed, everyone was soups like this [ __ ], you yeah. So what happened was I mean I just want to make sure everything's, fine and right and sounds good and [ __ ] yeah I was gonna. Ask when but I just wanted to ask when yeah. Well, now, it's probably better I just thought was fine December. First guys of this next year this year, how's the apocalypse bunker going. Have you mentioned tactical yeah, yeah keeping tactical my doggy? It's going good, my dog, how the [ __ ]. Do you do my dog? How about [ __ ] the idea of my doggy yeah? It's going good man, we just had some month, some contractors come by the house and take a look, and hopefully it's a go. This Mike stinks a little bit sniff your mic good after a show smell it up. Your never be so disgusted when you so is that your own stink? Because do you say no guys the Mike before you use it? I, don't know who, because there's like stink on these, my yeah, you like, and you put it right up to your mouth boy like there's, [ __ ] talk about I mean what was it. Syphilis is a risk. It's serious. Did they not get the memo here? If you get an alert like they got in Hawaii that a bombs coming to LA syphilis bomb syphilis bomb has come to LA more dangerous than nuclear crafty nowadays with their with their bomb-making. So what do you do? Do you have an escape plan? I, don't know kinda, you don't want to share it. You don't want see, that's exactly, but you guys are all invited since you're here. So he doesn't really mean that I have a lot of dogs istic Lee. It's just not possible to get you all in just survive. What's that survive on dog food for the rest of our life, look pretty good! It's pretty good! Now it is now it is. There's like gourmet, [ __ ] chef for dogs, like you have Ramsay has yeah. We get him meals, yeah a little dank little [ __ ] chunks of meat I'm like [ __, ] dude. Oh my god. It's like steamed broccoli. My dog has this Buffalo. He eats Buffalo, strictly Buffalo buffalo like wings, no I like Buffalo buffalo meat got buffalo meat. Necessarily it's like buffalo meat. Infused right, you know, I'm gonna have to get in a regulation on that shredder deserves only the best. Do we have. We had I think there should be a caller. Somebody word that yeah, hey guys, I, don't I, don't know how they got in, but uh here hold on a minute. I think I can patch a man one sec, a caller I think there's he says: he's like an old friend of post like a friend from middle school seriously. Who is it hello? Are you there hello? Oh, it's not work. I can't hear I can't hear you is this. I have a feeling. This is somehow Ian's fault, hello, we're maxed out! Oh no, my god! This is! Oh, my god not like this we're maxed out. You know the weirdest thing happened. We are testing this earlier and it comes out of that projector in the middle roof. Now what the hell? Who does the pole, this mystery call the top setup at all? Oh I'll work on it. We're gonna work back around all right. Well, we're gonna work on that, but there's a guy just some guy who happens to know you from middle school who had a really funny story about you who wanted to call in so I'm, really looking forward to getting serious guys, STD check org get over on the free STD check, Oregon, really, I, don't know! What are you supposed to check yourself online sandy? Rub your dick on a the computer, CD Drive or something yep you got it. You guys want to I want to pretend to smoke. One of those okay, you sure. Are you guys mad? If I have a cigarette cuz, I always calm, it's like look like I'm, so just so naturally smoking yeah. Do you want sorry guys? Don't don't take that as me telling you to do it, just pretending to do it, I'm, not actually smoking. We're performing right now got a lighter okay thanks thanks buddy preciate. This is not me by the way, guys you guys been following the Martin shkreli story, Friends of the show, by the way, farmer bro. Let me light one up for him: Bartz Corelli! You guys know that that's the guy who hiked up the prices on like a life-saving aid, road, 5,000%, Pharma, bro, what's so crazy like a couple months ago, he called he was live streaming. At the same time we were having a podcast and he called in right after his sentencing came in and he was like here well here, you can pull it up. He called into you. You ain't called into the shard. How are you just a little refresher? How are you feeling really 0 to 6 months and no fine is it? Is that zero to C, so the dude? Interestingly, he didn't get in trouble for raising the price of the drug. He got in trouble for defrauding investors and a hedge fund. He gave him a cute little fat. It was a tiny little bit misleading fact. The hedge fund was supposed to be worth a hundred million, but it was actually worth minus thirty, three cents, that's not a joke. Just so. It's a white lie. Yes, so uh recently, oh wait pull up this clip. This is a great one. This is a wonderful setup for where we're going here. Oh wait! So oh yeah, he went so. He was out on bond he's like hey I'm. Only I'm only gonna have to pay I'm, not containing money and I'm, just on like house arrest for like three months. So the genius tweets this out. The Clinton Foundation is willing to kill to protect its secrets so she's on her book tour try to grab a hair from her I must confirm. The sequence I have will pay five thousand dollars per hair obtained from Hillary Clinton and payment after this sequence matches good patrollers, so that so I mean he's kidding. But the judge was like dude you're a menace to society, because there's [, __ ] Looney Tunes out there they're gonna go try to get her hair and cash in on that. So they're like you're, going to jail, buddy I'm revoking your bond, so they sent his ass to prison and he's been awaiting his I guess like further sentencing and got away for a million. That's pretty good for someone release, no debe, you had to go to jail. How much time would you do? Is this related to your situation? Thirty thousand dollars and I Flickr answer with sarcastic, so he was joking around like I made a hundred billion bucks and I'm only gonna do a little bit of time. Aren't they the [ __, ], coolest and I've long suspected that that interview was used against him by the prosecutors cuz. That was the last interview he did before. He went back to prison right and they're like look at this guy's beg he's bragging about it. He has no remorse. He knows what he did. He hedged his bet and so the the judgment just came out. God bless the you know. It you know the guy maimed his way right into the into prison man, seven years in prison for this goofy as [ __ ], you know, is I suspect. If he wasn't such a troll, he probably might be fine right. They made him, give back his wu-tang album to yeah I, don't know how that how that entered in they're, like you know what dog you're not worthy [, __ ], you, we want your [ __, ] I, don't know it's owned by the state, maybe and well, at any rate, so we made a little uh. We made a little tribute to him, so our editor Alex worked real hard on this. We wanted to say a fond farewell to a friend, good friend and Martin shkreli friend of the show good guy. He named his way into prison and into all of our arts as well. So if you guys could hold up your phone lights just in Memorial for a guy before we roll this ad, that mean a lot to me and him as well, and you guys get your phone lights out please. This is special moment yeah. Thank you. Oh, my god, this is, do you ever see this from this is like magic. This is incredible bro. Do you see a Coldplay concert? Oh my god. I feel like I feel, like God non-human primates are kind of these pretty precious animals. That's why we care so much about ROM B. If you could make a hundred million dollars, but you had to go to jail. How much time would you do? Is this related to your situation now totally totally unrelated coming out of this, with over a hundred million dollars right now, I'm looking at zero to six months so six months and no fine, that's right! The so-called Pharma bro has been sentenced to seven years in prison, marks greatly [Music]. Well, he lived the same way. He was locked up, memeing tip my beanie to him. So sad, thank you for putting out there. That was special. Can you guys just leave those out for the rest of the show? Okay, yeah, random applause, good job Alex blend that together, I felt good? Okay? Do we have our special caller Dan, our random, just totally random guy, who decided to call in give it another go? Why don't we so yeah we got yeah, we know what we're doing we're prepared me. Neither sure come on, don't miss as I was saying a random color who knows Austin from middle school history. How did he get in here? Is he on? Is he live? Oh no, projectors played sound I, don't know why does the projector have a little speaker if you're gonna put a speaker at least make it louder than that? What do we do? Dan? Oh, we're. Gonna we're gonna take a break about halfway through this right. Yeah, okay, whoa man, Opie sticks around this random kid Opie's committed it's great, maybe I think it's yeah, alright, so random sweatin, this mic smells really yeah. Look if it a sniff I, don't think you sniffed it mine's fine, yeah, mine's, good, yes, definitely mine! Maybe it's me, maybe I'm. Just finally smell on my own nasty mouth. Clip has failed me. No they're great I would never disparage quit. Hey here's a headlight or just so uh I, don't I can't work the leaks here, oh that man. This was a huge [, __ ] man, this rock the whole [ __ ] planet, I, hops, putting up signs all around the saying will not serve seat guests with strong marijuana odor, it's a seat, guest and by the way it's em where'd you [, __, ], races. Please, we need to contact I hop PR. We need to do that. We need to pull all their ads and shut down YouTube unrelated, but that always happens that was funny you're so funny. Thank you so funny. Thank you. Man! Alright! Well, we've got a video on deck. Let's get right into it. We got all kinds of funny cringe videos to watch together by the way you can imma I'm a huge shark fan. I love shark game hit me with the soundboard Dan. Do you have it? Is he gonna come another projector? You know, then the UK shark tank is called Canada how's that Canada no heckling. It's the same. It's all part of the Queen's Queen's [, __ ]. God bless the Queen. Why? What's bet what's more aggressive, a shark or a dragon who a dragon dragon, we should do a collab, so they brought this shark, the shark - shark dragon crib. That's too scared! No one enter that den. So they brought this guy out who's. His pitch to them is literally a pyramid scheme which is so funny because the producers knew exactly that they were bringing out a guy and it's not even his pyramid scheme. It's somebody else's so he's coming out trying to recruit these sharks into underneath him in another person's pyramid scheme and it's just a whole [ __, ] romp. So, let's, let's let's enjoy this together, shall we I get back here? [Music] yeah movin into the den a Brampton Ontario truck driver with an all-in-one card that rewards shoppers and he's hoping the Dragons will become investors. This is so [ __ ] cruel the producers to bring this guy out man, hello, dragons. My name is Andy nachus and I'm from right off the bat very seedy that suit it's just I. Think it's his collar I think it's best imagine taller bro I did the collar is very Elvis. Impersonator wait say see his sign man straight from Ontario up I stand humbly before you today to offer you a historical business opportunities. Historical, ladies and gentlemen, our New York for Andy I'm. Looking for a hundred and seventy five thousand of your hard-earned dollars, which works out to $35,000 per dragon as I would like all five of you on board. What do we get? How much of the company? If you could please let me finish my pitch I- will lead up to it. I haven't [ __ ], you Kevin, it's not yeah [ __ ], you Kevin! Can you please not interrupt me? You [ __ ] Oh Oh a dragon. Maybe if you were a shark I'd, listen, but today he's a dragon. Kevin is not yeah. Kevin Kevin is not [ __ ], with what a product that I'm selling okay go ahead. Thank you very much man you're, so nice early. It would like all five of you on board. In exchange, you will get a business package within our rapidly growing company. This business package will be responsible in the near future for bringing you huge returns. [Music] opps I'm ready to sign uh. Let me explain: lioness brings shoppers to retailers in a form of a cashback card. This is going to reward you with a lot of money in the future. I love this billboard. It's like a bad pop-up ad on like a porn site, not that I've never been Bruce from Krawczyk. Look at all the cash she did. She's [, __, ] loaded. She didn't have to invest you just [ __ ] job. Instead of all these reward points, cards with clutter and restriction with one card, lioness guarantees you cash back into your bank account after your routine purchases, they're already signed up. How much did you sign them up where oh yeah, we're in I'm ready to sign up names are on the card we actually I am a spokesman for lioness and people be hand going around passing out sign up for huge money. Mop money-making opportunity. Just can huge return, yeah thousand dollars from each you I stand here humbly he's so humble it can vary. It can go from twenty to forty percent. Wait a sec can I go, buy something I get twenty percent of the purchase value in cash. Yes, sir, that ain't gonna have your son of a [ __ ]. This is the most gullible person alive. Not only did you believe that your you can actually get twenty percent back on a purchase, he can't he was so enthused. He came on the Dragons Den to pitch it. It's incredible to start to story, so humble absolutely keep going. So. Thank you, sir. You should be sweating Kevin sis. The way it works is that the shoppers sign up and register for free and so this'll, not I, wonder if he's just nervous or a psyche to it. I just realized, I'm being scammed right, just hit me this may not be fully up or how on up and up music [ __ ] is my collar to be serviced. I know this is gonna end badly for you. I want you to know that yes, very badly Arlene I got to know how I get 20% off my retailers we're gonna hear. If we got him talk, let's get him on the podcast feel bad yeah. Yeah I feel kind of bad he's getting suckered like that's the shoppers register for free. It's making man lioness partners up with retailers in to take a sales commission of the sales they generate that particularly retailer, depending on their profit margin. Just like a commission based salesman in a company I get it I, don't get it I, get it Robert, so slow, I'm, gonna, try to I know if you guys watched Shark Tank but Roberts always like I, don't get it he's like the slow he's like the Robert seems a lot meaner on the Dragons Den. It was really nice on the shark. Yeah he's a sweet. He always has a puppy mmm. Everybody always gives them to Republic I feel like you always get [ __ ] from well. No he's I, don't know I like Robert I, like Robert I, do and Mark I feel and Kevin's nice Kevin, straightforward, I feel bad for Robert cuz. Nobody ever wants to make a deal with them. He's like I'll. Give you two times what you're, asking and Mark's like 10 cents are like mark mark I feel bad for the other sharks. Sometimes they always going that it's always mark I'd make a deal for Mark. Whatever he wants. Man I, don't know what I got to offer well, I'll make a deal you're out. There you met mark mark is a good guy. Oh, you went to a I'm askin mavs kid. How was it he was nice? Oh we're clapping, [, __, ], yeah man. You sat like front-row Center with him. It was nice. Did you guys chitchat or was it all? Oh he's very he's a very nice guy, very cool guy to you. No I did not I provide. Always I tried to get them in on this line. As a Omar, listen buddy did you 22:40 I stand here humbly. This is historical mark. Could I get the megaphone? Can I get in through the megaphone I have a great opportunity for everybody in the audience half time, half time humbly historical, that [ __ ] sold my being scammed right now, Blaine to you in a simple term. If I can help you sign us up and then the deal is we should go sign up. Other people right, absolutely sign up. Other people or eight years old, is in Europe and a pyramid scheme Falls up part at the bottom correct, because every time you move to the top the supporters I can see right at the office when Michael Scott's, like it's, not a pyramid scheme like you had to come on national television. This is a bad moment to realize you're in a pyramid scheme. Just like your collar. My dude just look here. You'll see the pyramid from this is the shoppers which register for free right and there I love this shot. It's like, if you in case you miss the sweat right. The producers in backwards so like okay, close up with a sweat, get in make sure you can see the pulse. Okay, good, good good, and they do this [ __ ] to where they cut it up to make it more awkward. Yeah he's like slick for a minute and they cut it out. They're, like nobody talk, just get a silence. I, don't make any money. If someone signs up underneath me, yeah I do the one that I bought is $10,000 and that's to start in Canada alone, Andy. How much have you return on your money? Have you got now so far, I'm on my way, zero, because I've been very busy on years ago, G he's on his way to zero you'll get there someday buddy people are so gullible. It never cease to amaze me how many sociopaths are out there to take advantage of this poor sweaty son of a [ __ ]. Do you do you think he has bad intentions? Or is he just a common Elvis impersonator? He seems he seems pretty dull he's like and he's yeah he's a useful idiot hope he's not [Music]. Carlos Carlos is in on this already man there's a person on Twitter, impersonating, Carlos and everyone thinks it's real and he's been like [ __ ]. Talking me on Twitter that was like shots fired. Carlos is [ __ ] on you on Twitter and I. Can't I can't shoot back because I know it's just a pause. You don't think it's Carlos I mean the guy DM me he's like hey, don't tell anyone. Oh really I brought us here today, good actor. All it takes so much, but Carlos is off the map, which is kind of a shame, because he's kind of a gem yeah he's perfect, perfect man. No, they have Carlos on the that's my dream number one dream guests to meet: Carlos, yeah, I, just I, just want a good big connect for him. He was on John Oliver. Did you guys see that, like man, these memes are really taking off -? This is serious stuff Marcee Carelli from prisons like these meme thing, has really taken off dude. Let's wash this idiot Phil give him the 10,000 look at that face. Just look at that face. Man hang on. Let spoke to me just want to take that in for a minute. Basically, it wasn't in steps. The last payment I made was about three months ago or I board money against my house. Why? Because the returns overpower any percentage, it's a walk, yeah I feel bad. You know you feel bad. It's like these people who are getting scammed, like they're they're, so committed that they're they're unwilling to face the fact that they like waste. It's the same [ __ ], with big connect, we're like big connected this scheme where once they disappeared, they're like no, no guys you can use your [ __ ] big monopoly money to buy our new bit ex connect coin and like people are so accepting yeah yeah ex can roll they made another crypto disconnect disconnect this yeah, but it's like God man anyway, anyway, guys like unrelated, but we are working on to think a new crypto called Fupa coin. It's gonna be really big. I know you guys aren't global at all. I mean I! Think you guys are super smart, really cool people, so Ian will be taking like if you guys want to get in the ground floor, $10 for a FUBU coin. Right now and I think I already put my house against ya: take your houses million smoke oil. It's a historical, historic, I, humbly bought! 10 million turns coming the returns. When you give him 35,000 wait a second. Why would an Wester give $10,000 to somebody and never get a return? You're gonna get a return. You're guaranteed your return and as soon as you find your for direct boom, he's saying you need to sign up for people under you, so you can start making it and I love in this guy's. Mind is like who better to get up under me than the Sharks they're, totally gonna get on that. Do you think this could take off if they actually invest it? Do you think it could be a real thing? No, because you can't get the 120 percent yes, 10.12, they're like if you spend a million dollars this month, you can get $10 back by the way that reminds me. You guys have savings accounts. Anyone here have savings accounts, gonna, get a round of applause, for savings, account you've, seen that hey yeah, hey response, never seen a responsible savers. You ever seen the interest rates on this [ __ ]. Are we just being scammed by the whole [ __ ] planet? The interest rate on savings account is like point, zero. One. Two, if you have a million bucks in your savings account, Bakke of America will be gracious enough to give you fifteen dollars and they'll. Also send you a tax form too. So you can report that to the IRS. We're gonna need seven dollars in that fifteen dollars. I love the way you say interest did I say it funny interests, interests, yeah, three syllables, intra interest interests, not a baker, showing a lot of interest in just a Bitcoin investors. Hanging on for dear life, interest I see a lot of things wrong: I'm, dick [, __, ], I'm, Dyslexic, just look I'm, just not a job, listen admission! You need to wear a badge, I need a badge. Well, you have a Kara badge right anyway, like I, don't we recently did a stream a couple days ago with this guy who had cancer was looking for a bone marrow transplant and he has a paper that he has to carry around. We were talking about this on the way down, like everybody has haters, no matter who you are, and this guy was like. People are [ __ ] on us, accusing us of scamming, saying like oh, my form of cancer is nothing to complain about I'm like damn dude. Even even you guys a couple of kids trying to do some good in the world's getting haters yeah and he had a little piece of paper on him that was like from the doctor that was like I actually have cancer, so he could pull that out at any time anyway. The point is that I I have Ella she's got the care badge, so if I'd ever need its backup, you look at me like I. Am his this man scare? He is dyslexic and syphilis is dangerous in my wallet serious right next to my ID. They take it everywhere. Next year was like FBI ID yeah, someone's picking on Ethan you just [ __ ], with that [ __ ], hey, be cool, dude, easy sensitive! It's very fragile, my ex-wife in Europe. What happened? Oh? No! No! No! No! Oh, my god we're having so no Oh panicking. We don't have sound in what happened. Okay, that's on the problem. Oh, it's coming out of trying to hear if it's actually coming either -. Are you [, __ ], kidding me why you so coming down the projector? Now now we can't even get senator the laptop. What's with this projector now the call is gonna come through the laptop. Oh, that's a good point. All I see is guard. Still there he's down the line, this random, dude. Sorry, you guys weren't did any. Did you guys say that you're in the splash zone, it's just like a Gallagher show, there's a spot. It's like Shamu, there's a splash zone here, Dan I, haven't heard anything from Dan. Does he may be okay, we're on our own? Well, as long as my voice doesn't come out of, the projector will be fine yeah we're in good shape. As long as that doesn't happen, I mean I can come up and try and fix it. That can be the show. That's me, I think it's pretty got it got it yeah. Why is that? It's? It's it's a it's! A it's! A street food business I mean Andy weir, here's the way it works, just simply they're losing us line us up here: okay, here's the beautiful pyramid dragons under me and there's a Bigfoot above you about the squashing hold on. Can you finish that analogy for me? So that's it's you! Yes, here's lioness! Here's me see an actual scene from the office when I got real life. It's unbelievable such a special moment. I wish we had that scene from the office. Can you send it to me Dan or whoever Ian send me that scene from the office, so we can all enjoy how [ __ ] similar it actually is, and here comes the five dragons underneath got it and they start to build their network yeah and that gets kind of bigger right, bigger because everybody that you bring in they're gonna bring it here. Yes, you understand, can we get back to this, this nasty p-word, the pyramid scheme, which is illegal? Yes, number one? Well, it's just it's just I use it as an analogy. You know what many people do my friend this is not something that I would ever invest in, and neither should you have. You have I'm out I, don't know if it's a pyramid or not, but my reaction is I'm, not comfortable selling. This to any guys are so sweet, yeah I'm, not I, don't know if it's a pyramid I'm not comfortable. It's like dude you're, it's a pyramid scheme Marc would have been cussing them out. Yeah where's, but it is Canada -. How do we get the other sharks? How can a shark be a dragon? How do you send I think we figured that out already my friends while our business associates so I'm out and he I don't think you should take any more money and invested in this. It might not be a good idea. I know absolutely no way would I put money into this. Oop forget his sweaty ass faces. I'm out lot saying goes, it doesn't impress me: I am NOT a parrot I think it's just a bunch of the sad guy with tons of angles, lots of sweat. He put it in the most polite way. I think impress me they were yeah it does. You know I actually want to find. You guys need to understand how closely this resembles Michael Scott here right there I feel like this can't be missed. Yeah raise your hand if you want thanks. Thank you. Whoever put this video together welcome to these ads for pyramid schemes, underneath what works? When did you two become Facebook every? This is totally me when I see a poster pyramid scheme so flow like Antonio I'm leaving for you, everybody in the video so flow, every oh yeah, yeah I mean listen, you guys, I, don't know if you guys remember the hot single so full like Antonio that me and Austin started working on he's down to make a cameo yeah Joey salads is down the Bradbury's there. Bradbury's are down slammin piece. We they offered Coby person's gold. Cars really really well word is really word is we can also get a verse from Martin shkreli out of prison like ODB, just take something off the wu-tang album all right. Now we are getting three people, each the more people to get involved. The more people who are investing the more money we're all gonna make it's not a pyramid scheme, it's not even a scheme. This is alarmingly similar to what we just watched, good people, so um. Here's the deal, I guess we'll run to a quick break, try to fix technical difficulties with this mystery guy, who really persistent Dan. Are we good for that? We can try to settle that out. Okay, we'll be back in a short brief break. We're gonna roll one commercial, you guys don't have to watch it. I, don't know what you guys are gonna watch, but it's gonna be so you get to well, it's gonna be so dope all right. Moving along you, ten dead air roll into a [, __, ], goddamn, brick, we'll be back in two minutes. Oh hello, there I was just shopping for some post Malone tickets on SeatGeek here, yeah, oh this seat. Right here is a great deal. Cuz it's in green and also has a ten rating. That's how I know it's the best deal, hi guys I'm Ethan from the h3 podcast and I want to thank our sponsor SeatGeek. Today. Seatgeek is a website that aggregates tickets to all kinds of events, so that you can enjoy music, shows sporting events pretty much anything you can imagine. They've got tickets for now. Here was what makes SeatGeek so dope they'll show you the view from the seat, so you know you're getting hooked up with the best seat. None of this uh. Well, if a fat guy sits in front of you nope, they can't predict that but like if there's a pole in front of you or it's just further back than you thought, that's not gonna happen. Cuz, you get a picture. You know if you're getting a good deal, cuz, it's green and they rate it based on a 1 to 10 score. I love seeking I've used. Other services like this seeking is by far the best, in fact it I'm so at peace. Knowing that SeatGeek has me covered that I just like to chill out and recline so I'm, just taking it easy because I'm just so stress free now, here's the offer I have for you guys if you want to go to a post, Malone show if you want to go. Do anything psychic is gonna hook you up with $20 off your first purchase, so even if you're gonna go buy tickets somewhere else, you get 20 bucks off boom right here with seat kick with the code h3h3, that's the best deal. You're gonna get anywhere use the link in the description to download the app and just remember. If you're not getting seat, geeked you're, getting seat, gackt, stephen god, you're getting seat god, I, don't know how I missed that it was such a layup, even Dan from the back was, like god, you're not getting seat, geek you're getting seat god, so thank you for them for sponsoring us. I hope you'll support our sponsor to help support our show guys. Thank you so much for watching. Let's get right back into it, I want to say the price just so people can appreciate how laughing Rebecca hey everybody welcome back. We continued without you. You didn't have the time or patience to come here in person. We continued without you mom. We appreciate it on lust, can I say the price, or is it too embarrassing? It's all in line. Well, so this mat cost $3,400. Alright, can you not say man don't buy Mac Mac shamed? Well, I have some great investment opportunities for you after the show 3400 to him. I feel like we need another M word because M - M tour anyway, so she let me get to the point. She got this Mac and I'm like alright. Let me try this [ __ ] see I'm like very good, pretty slick. The two fingers is in sand. Like oh yeah I'm like where's the click button. There's a [, __, ] click button, I'm getting angry like I know you click the mouse pad I'm like oh, my god feels good anyway. My [ __ ] I was like how the [ __ ]. Do you scroll she's like no? You just use both fingers. [ __ ] works red. How do you put a CD in CD mmm? That's right! You know how do you put a CD in, but now I'm like ela I'm, like I'm, like listen, ela, I'm gonna need the Mac for the next 30 minutes, just watch TV or something so I get it I. Don't know it's converting me I like it. It feels good. It's very [, __ ], like, oh god, he's got this [ __ ], where I'm like where's, the double click they're like no. No, you just click with both fingers. So Ethan has this. Like gaming keyboard, your hey now you're a tin, yeah! Well, I! Don't that's why I don't like gaming laptops cuz! It's like lugging around like a whole [ __ ] like it's like. What's the point of having a laptop if it weighs 30 pounds and you need like you need like Ian to carry it around because you're too delicate to carry a mouse. If you really want to game like a real gamer boy, you have to carry your mouse and I agree. That's keyboard is not tactical. Neither no that is not gaming. Laptop is not tactical yeah! That's it! You drop it, put [ __ ] and get [ __ ] blown up one second, there's no way well I do feel like a gaming. Laptop is more likely to stop a bullet for you. This is body armor conversation interesting. It's fascinating! That was like one out of three, maybe one out of three tough crowd so much better when you're in a studio, and you can't hear when you're bombing, tough groan, tough crowd. Okay, don't like the MacBook [ __, ], banter, better move on [, __ ], all right. Let's take a call from this. Kid is really persistent, so I just call him Dan better answer. Goddamn you had his number so quiet. Why is it so quiet can I call it fake? Why is it so quiet speaking, hello? Okay, hang on hello, say something how the hell did you get this number he gave you this number hang on. Hang on. I know this [ __ ], you said you know. Hang on you said you know. Austin from middle school can I hear all the fishes in the audience. Give us give a loud yell for Jordan drop, drop, hey Jordan, you got one. Oh my whoo bring that mic bring. There was one water, we got you double mic. Teared Jordan help Jordan how the hell did you get this number? This is a disaster [Music]. So what the hell do you? What did you want? You wanted to say something? No, no Spallone! It's not bail post bail. Are you saying that that hold on hold on hold on hold on Jordan I'm gonna have to cut you up? Are you accusing post Malone of ripping off Jake Paul he's? Definitely an inspiration than my music, but I wouldn't say: I ripped them all. I know. How are you gonna sue on Jake's behalf that doesn't make any sense. I mean post was making music before Jake Paul like two weeks ago, maybe three two weeks ago, Jordan Jordan I, don't know all right Jordan we have time. This is a short show. How many Bitcoin do you even have? Okay, you know what we tried. Our best guys are real. Do sure. I think he was threatened. Yeah I think he was threatening you. He had some, he stayed on the line for a long time. You know I want to stay the original joke. We had planned for the end cuz, it's so funny, and so awful really, but if I feel like if I say it and believe me the visa, what do you mean play joke? Would that we were gonna say was like and I don't want to cause any pandemonium in the crowd, but the doors are locked from the outside boom back we're like maybe maybe that's in poor taste. It was in poor taste not anyway, that let's move on [Laughter] yeah guys can I get a. Can I get a whale for my pickup artists out there, man I, listen one of my favorite things on the Internet are pickup artists, whoo-hoo some men, don't know how to talk to women and they need to be instructed by some big-ass pimps, who know to [. __ ] touch touch some titties, and inevitably these guys they're, my favorite man. They they put on seminars for guys even more gullible than they are I want to say pathetic, but I feel bad for them in a way. Yeah they're, not all pathetic man, yeah I mean they probably [. __ ], like crazy they're, probably I mean they're the ones with syphilis, but I have a couple of my favorite pickup artists. Lined up we've been trying to make a h3 video about this guy Rob's from battling with this mic. Oh that's kind of cool such a rockstar yo. This guy is a living meme. He I just I, don't know his name. I just call him. The Indian pickup artist, I've been sleeping on these clips for so long, but I feel like all the men out there and the women. Possibly two are gonna, be really inspired by what you're about to see. Don't worry, I'm exo's. This piece is [. __ ] awesome go back to what I did there go back over to the very beginning? Don't worry about it! So, first of all, let's appreciate his editing here and like I, don't know where the necklace routine nice little blur on the text. Can I pretend to smoke on those cigarettes Austin, it's just it's a carrot. On top just be clear: do you get this fake cigarettes? It's Hollywood! You can get whatever you want. It's Hollywood boy, including syphilis, all right. Everyone comes pre-loaded, a pre-loaded and I get a pack of Camel crush and one syphilis. Please spits in your eye thanks man. What do I owe you it's free! It's on me. You look like a bug. Chaser me, not you! Oh I got bucks. If you want cuz, I am I got it. I got the knitting bug real bad, which one knitting bug biddy yeah I love the net. Are you serious? What is that when the [ __ ] did any knitters in this [ __ ] man we got a knitter here is that is that Logan Palmer so looks like uh. It looks like a. What do you call maverick? Do you pave your own path? Bat I would never want my Jake Palmer tonight. I didn't know how I would go over. That's pretty funny how we take it from you. What yeah? No you know, I have more. Do you think I would give you all my Jake Palmer? Are you kidding me dude? What do you knit Osgood? What what do you knit gloves mittens work? Can you make me a pair really what how can you make me? A pair sure feel like that has resale value vodka loves knitted by post, Malone will sell like ten each one. For my going price is 40,000 I'm on Etsy. You can find me Malone, knits bro. You would sell those you would [ __ ] sell those for sure yeah all right, we'll talk so anyway. That's very grandma of you. Let's continue something I learned from a woman who did this on me works like a charm, so most women will be building a neckpiece or something like a necklace or something I have to appreciate this guy's commitment cuz. He set up this presentation for all these guys who paid he's like most women would be wearing a necklace. This one that I happened to have the pre-planned is not wearing a necklace, we're gonna improvise. Every woman is gonna, wear a necklace yeah so which kind of invalidates this whole point. If the woman in your own presentation, isn't wearing a necklace, one of three woman wears a necklace, you gotta have a slick repertoire anyway. This gets good. It's gonna get out, get out your notepads everybody, gentlemen. Watch close, don't worry, I'm, not checking your boobs, but this piece is [. __, ], awesome, bro, don't worry, I'm not checking out your boobs, but this piece is [. __ ] awesome now like why my question was like why? Well here, listen! Listen to his rash I'm, getting ahead of myself. Do you see what I did there so I injected the sexual terms? I start talking about boobs and all, but I didn't stress on boobs I stretched on this piece. It's [, __, ], awesome by the time, I moved back by the time. I love that he has a tease sister I, wonder what the acronyms spells like stands for implication. Get him out on the back. The only thing that so what basically he's saying his point here is that if you can distract them and say boobs, somehow that's gonna help you seal the deal. There's, like you say, boobs, but you divert their attention and say necklace, so they remember that you said necklace, but not boobs, and somehow the fact that you whispered boobs in their here is that makes them more likely to sleep. That's killer gonna be register in their mind as [ __, ], awesome, [, __, ] logo and say everybody I'm gonna check in your boobs. This piece is broken. Awesome, oh yeah. What did register with you this time, [ __, ] boobs right, but at the same time what I'm doing is am I'm gradually. You know leading her into that hole, I'm gradually, building the sexual comfort. You know I played this part of Don Juan and he said this that what he enjoyed with women was like he would go to women, and these women would hesitate and he would lie he loved the whole process where he would lead women inch-by-inch to where he want them to be and the place where they didn't want to be and that causes he enjoyed. What do you think is my inch to brush? What do you think she got a Craigslist? Do you think? Maybe she's like wow I, wanna, [, __ ], you right now or well. Actually, there's a video I don't have where he like he's like so dude. Do you think this worked and she's like? Well, it doesn't really make sense. He's like well with all due respect. I'm gonna disagree with you disagree with the girl he's like listen guys, this [ __ ] works. Don't listen to her. Listen to me! Well, anyway, listen I, respond, your opinion illa, but you really don't know you're here. This is how y'all met yo, the joke I had for the h3 video, which we never end up, making it's one of those video you record and you throw it out because it sucks, but this joke we had was pretty good. He was wearing like a cool belt and I was like I'm, not checking out your vagina, but this belt is [ __ ] off the chain, so the more but anyway there's another one. So you start with this one. You say boobs in front of them that apparently enchants them to want to get weird and wild just create some new STDs together. That was the T and T's. The T is for touching a woman same thing with the hair. There you go touching a woman's hands number one. What's the e for figure it out, I just get an erection erection its first. You touch your hair, then you just go full-blown ur ass and it works every. But don't worry, I'm not touching you I'm, not looking at your boobs, but I do have an erection and that's the e. That's the E is syphilis and the E is escape or emergency. The a is for a quick game for a kiss. Anyone want a quick game for a quick, kiss [Applause]. Madam applause, you guys are great what a great audience I changed my mind about. You guys, you guys are great audience say you can't go back and forth between myth and crowd. You guys are it's quiet, quick up here, so this is this is when he really went to Mir I'm just gonna skip to then cuz. He has this killer line, but you know what you know: what I'm not gonna, shortchange you guys it's fifty seconds. Let's watch the whole damn thing! Thank you playing with the hearing audience. That's level, two, you one thing: never do this I love your hair, good obscene guy dude, especially if he has hair tied up men, will go. Okay, I love your hair, but why do you just do it like how bad at social interact like you're, paying someone to tell you like? Okay, don't do this I'm sorry, but I mean I'm. We're already married, so like you're. To get out of this relationship is gonna, be more effort than it's worth you at this point. I got it locked in guys. Divorce is a [ __ ] trust me yeah. It's just cheaper I gotta hedge, their bets anyway, like how? How are you sotius cuz, that you need to pay someone to tell you not to grab somebody Barry? Is the answer really bad? It's way to a real carrot. Nope had a couple too many whiskey's. You know it was a long night couple too many whiskey's or too many beers. All of a sudden thank you. Mary kara goddamn, it how's the salt. Oh wow, this one's much better thanks, EULA you're the best. Where were we I'm trying to figure my [ __ ] out, yours is cool I like yours, you can handle. My first reaction to speak is not like leaning forward. Should we all hold it? Should we just go handheld you just hold each other's mics. I feel like this. Maybe this is probably funnier in theory than Oh. Give it up. It's too much effort, I hate to keep you guys waiting or waiting. This is gonna get I'm, gonna notice, her hair's, really nice, so I'm just talking wow, you got really nice here, works every time. I'm not gonna, go pull her hair, I'm, not gonna, go and say: oh I, like your hair, it's really nice. None of that [, __ ]! Okay, by the way, what you're doing is, it is pretty much just as creepy as all the other [ __ ]. Like don't do this just do this. Thank you for Ferb modeling, I, uh I'm going easy on you anyway. The great line is coming up right here. Wow they're, really nice here sometimes have you been open and women right here, I'm just gonna display tear it. You got really nice [, __, ], hair with that good you've got some really nice [, __, ], hair and I love the cursing the unnecessary cursing just to let him know you're a little. That's how you know what, if it's like a good clean, Christian girl, that's never gonna work! Well, you know he's got the skulls on his sweater he's a bad boy. He could tell he's a bad boy, a threat, so you know it good Christian. Girls are his target Demoman, it's true! So up next now he goes out on the street and shows you real live footage of him picking up cuties, and he swap follows this girl round for like an hour as he brings her back to his motel and there's one scene from here that I thought was particularly compelling and I. Think you're all gonna learn a lot from it. So go ahead and play this. You guys get out your notepads and the ocean is the raging fortune. That's the audio! That's his audio in the video I'm just want to say how much different he looks without a beanie I know and it all came apart, not the same [ __, ] dude. What you couldn't tell underneath the skull sweatshirt is, he looks, ripped he's got a nice bod he's got a great nice flowing head of hair, but then you get this. This is this is what you get for. The class you've got some really nice [ __, ], hair thanks. How do you? How did you feel about that so anyway? Let me turn I. Just I. Wanted you guys to appreciate the production value of these videos. Click here to what did I say at the bottom. Was that's what we're doing on the street instant, find out how I buck this hot [, __, ] and you're just a loser. You should give me money, someone paid a hundred dollars. Tell you I, gotta, [, __ ]. Do this! God I need to start doing pickup seminars, man, you could sell those guys big connect coins for sure you could sell them. Lioness cars, good lioness, oh man! These are the best. So speaking with the office is a running theme in this episode. There's another pickup artist: do you guys know who Catherine Tate is? She was in the office she's an English comedian, so this [ __ ] genius, saw her in Starbucks and he's like I need to be alive, pickup session of Catherine, Tate and film it without a permission and put it on YouTube this guy [ __ ]. You know this guy knows how to touch here. Take the famous comedian from the UK in the coffee shop. Just behind me it was pret I'm on Jamie and Edward, getting some coffees for ourselves. Basically, what happened ed noticed her and just for a laugh, I decided to approach and try and pick her up. It was a lot of fun. It was very spontaneous. She was a cool person. We had a good laugh. What you see on camera in her in her comedy, is kind of what you get in real life. She's like a nice, fun, bubbly person. Sorry sorry, excuse me too loud. I just wanted to come and say hi because you're really cute wrong with this guy walking around with a hidden camera he's like I'm, ready to go I'm ready to film anyone without their permission at anytime. Whenever he started a video he was across the street like you had like binoculars, she comes here around 1:00 p.m. every bucket. They just spotted Katherine tape got my hidden cam set up I'm a spinner I give her syphilis. That way, we'll be connected, say no! Then cup of water, prank, yeah, [ __ ], here at my dudes, this Mike's got a smell. I wish y'all could smell this. No 9:30 wait what time's the show in wait. What times is showing do? We have 7 minutes left what? Oh, no there's, no way how the [ __ ] that we can do our. Can we do it longer. They have another show booked. Oh there's another show we could just see what happens. They're. Probably not gonna, want us back. You guys can do it at my house. Oh God! You just go in the middle of the street. Continue this [ __ ] I can't believe we only have [ __ ] six minutes left what a bummer dude well [ __ ] this guy, this guy's not worthy of our last six minutes, pull up the bit connect in Samba, oh man, I had I had such good man I had a [, __ ] video of a beauty vlogger who gets semen well. I. Just want you guys to know what you're missing she had she's a beauty vlogger who gets semen from her friend, not even her lover, and she applies it to her face as a moisturizer she's like Ikes. This semen was not extracted by me and then she has another video where she drinks it. As a [, __, ] redbull, what a killed man you got! Really nice, [, __, ] skin good. You got some really nice, [, __, ] semen. Let's watch this I can't believe we run out of time. Let's watch the in Samba. These guys are great right there. So these this really needs no introduction. I just want to give a shout out to what is what's the name of their Channel [Music]. This is why music was invented, feel like it's a sport like a Disney, it's built, it's powerful. We need Carlos, has so much potential man. Where is he come back Carlos we miss you, [Music] [Music], [Applause], [Music], [Music], [Music] I would watch a whole animated series of this man. Yeah, alright. Well can't without time for the semen gags. This was by to set violin. Everybody at home is Jetta, so we can't without time, for the semen gags. We don't have time. We have h three deep fakes. Maybe we've got time for that. Pull that up. You guys thought that deep thing you don't know who this is. This is agent y'all I, look like Nicolas Cage whoa. What a coincidence it's like they put his face on me. You guys have heard of deep fakes where they put like my face on porn stars, so they can get off to me because I never do nudes. It's the only way after that yeah. So now you can FAP to me guys. Congratulations! I in the face got him now show us these really big luscious beautiful dsl lips, and if you take a look at this picture, you notice there I'm very red, very, very pink, and now it's healthier to the logo of Verizon showing me no actually before he was Nicolas Cage's face I mean he was the general counsel. You get the idea all right. So before we end, we have a special bit a special act. Somebody wants to come up here and say a couple words her route. Are you out there? My doggy? Is there her route out there? Where is he? Oh here he comes her Oh [Applause], hello, hey nice, to see you buddy! Thank you go ahead! Oh thanks! Man, I love! You too appreciate you, a nice hat by the way. Oh no, it's gonna turn into a [ __ ] pitch to bring you guys a historic I'm. Actually here, I wanted to go ahead and thank you very much of course, Wow. What's her name, Anna come up here, goddamn it Anna Anna, get the hell up here. Goddamn it get up here: hey Anna! How are you nice to see you so I just wanted to go ahead and do this I love? You a lot, and you know this and I'd rather spend the rest of my life with you. Then doing anything else and I want you to be my wife. Oh wow, [Applause], [Music], [Applause], [Music], god bless him. I was wonderful good. We originally planning to do a call and good thing. We didn't do that. Congratulations, you guys! [ __, ], hip nationhood and guys just to keep the hype going. We need to keep the energies high. People have always told me, I, look like Oprah, so I thought: hey I've got an opportunity for everybody to look under your seats. What everybody look under your seats, there's something there. Oh my god, I'm Oprah! Oh, that feels good. That feels good guys! Thank you! Everybody for coming out that went by so friggin fast. Thank you all so much y'all means so much to us. Well blown away that went by so fast man, [, __ ]. You look good in that beanie dude. Look at this unreleased orange beanie um. By the way, the hats were just for the bit, you guys are gonna, have to drop those out and I've been on the way out and if anybody took to nobody, I'm gonna, shame them like Ellen Ellen guys really, especially this guy with the hat wearing hat I, wanted to say thank you to our crew Alex, our wonderful editor in the internal intern, Sarah our life, switching badass, of course, Dan our producer, without whom none of this would be possible. Love you guys thank you to post Malone, the greatest [ __ ] guy ever. Thank you most of all, like you're, the best dog, I love you always ride or die and, of course, we're mighty luck. Liners out there Wow without without ela. None of this would have been possible. Cuz I would have never made a single [, __, ], video and guys I, just I can't. Thank you guys enough. No yeah, everyone's, like no huh and guys you've been a terrific crowd. You've been a tough crowd. You've been a terrific crowd. We've had our ups and downs, our dead air and our great here, um yeah. This was so much fun. Man, I just [, __, ], sad to say goodbye. So soon we want to do it. Every month, yeah [, __, ], yeah love it. Our plan is to do one every month. I think next time we'll try to get a couple more seats. So we got some more yulik liners in here and maybe a couple more [ __ ] hours as well yeah just went by way too fast. Guys. Bands are always so awkward. I, never know how to finish it, yeah all right, bye, everybody just yes, we have I, don't know that it was advertised well, but we have some exclusive merch only available to the live audience which looks very cool it. The booth is outside. Do we have a picture of the shirt or something that we can show it's [ __ ] dope, and we have posters that we signed as well outside. So no I don't have that. That's gonna cost you more than ten bucks December 1st of next year. So by that merch, as they say, I, don't know guys. Thank you for coming out here. Man. It means the world. We love you guys. This is [ __ ] unreal. This is crazy. Thank you, guys, I guess! That's it [Music].