Welcome everybody to the h3 podcast live. Today's episode is sponsored by stitch Fixman hellofresh, &amp; Seek. Next Wednesday is our first live show and by live I mean SuperDuper, live it's a live broadcast from a live, show super excited. We are gonna, be joined by your boy post Malone during the word live so I'm super excited. Thank you very much. If you have questions for post Malone leave them on the subreddit there's a thread. There there's also a thread there for Bob Saget which we're having on a week from today. So if you have questions for post more on Wednesday or Bob Saget on Friday, please leave them on the subreddit and but enough about what to be. Let's talk about our to come. Let's talk about what be now because today's guest is the extremely talented, a researcher video producer director, filmmaker and all-around, great dude and good friend of ours, the illustrious and wonderful vsauce3, also known as Jake Roper. Thank you. Thank you. That was a very nice introduction. Let's stop around all the time. Tell me about the model. 3 you guys everybody who watch the show knows that I'm, like a huge Elon fanboy, there's only been like 2000 model threes made and somehow you got in early enough. Yeah got that thing like right away. Do you know how early in the line you were I don't know I'm, not sure I mean I waited in line. Did you guys physically wait in line for the model? 3 yeah I? Don't even have a reservation Wow, and that's thanks for watching I was their day of stood in line. What I thought you did it online? They made you ask to actually stay in line. Well, if you wanted higher priority than you my interest, which was exciting because you've seen like Apple launches and things like that, the lineup forever. This is for like a car and no one's ever driven and people were lining up. So tell me about that experience of being there in line it was really neat. How long was the line? It wasn't too long. I think it was probably in line for maybe an hour an hour and a half, but everyone's just so excited and they had a bunch of tests. Loaners came in with like their model, X's Model S's and we're showing them off to pee online. It was really nice, it sounds fun. Yeah, there's camaraderie between Tesla boys, oh sure, I, wave I do the table wave, no one ever waves back, sometimes that's story. My wife yeah, there's camaraderie between me and everyone. I, don't know about if it's reciprocal yeah, so the model 3 yeah good thing. After this, we can go sit in it. If you want bro I need to, but I love it so I had a Model S yeah I was very fortunate. I had a Model, S I sold that once I got the model three, because the model 3 was less expensive, a little bit smaller yeah, and it just feels like the future, whereas when I first got in the Model S, it's like. Oh this, the future, nay not anymore. The model 3 is fantastic. Well, what's what's not future, what's more future about the model? 3 I mean it's little. Things like the display is incredibly fast. The whole system is immediate. It's like you can just swipe around like. Oh, it feels more future than s feel slow right, yeah and the minimalist design. I really love like minimalist, modern design. So it's just so clean beautiful, there's, still things that need to be fixed, but in my mind the only things that need to be fixed. Our software not really hardware, definitely and I love. It I like the fact that it has more range than what my previous car did and and it's it's not significantly smaller, but it feels smaller. It's not like a book that I'm driving down the road right so I'm, a big fan I, would highly recommend it. I saw model 3 on the road for the first time, I slowed down, I was like man, you know um yeah, the Model S is really like a boat like Ice Cube I can't even park it because, like I, don't know where it starts or begins and I'm always it's super wide yeah I. When my lease is up, I definitely want to get the three and she put in your reservation. Do y it cuz if I still have the car for another two years. Oh then, maybe don't put in your reservation like I'm, hoping that I'll be able to get one by then you will I mean the well I'm. Not gonna, say you will I, don't know. One who knows Elon time is on a totally different plane of existence than human being time right. So who knows they were supposed to be making like five thousand cars every week by this point, yeah not yeah, but I would just I mean here's the thing that's cool about it. I feel like I'm, just a spokesman for Tesla Tesla. If you're watching. Please just give me a car yeah for free yeah, that'd be nice and everyone here you Ethan shredder, no, don't be so right and your hypothetical, but it's a diamond. Oh yes, so it's a thousand-dollar reservation right and then you can get it back. If you decide you don't want the car, so I don't really see what the downside I think the Malta Theory's a little too flashy for me too I like that. Really you think it's flashier than the other s did I mean say: I meant strike that I meant s. Oh, that is a little too flashy. It is, it makes me feel like I should be more important than I. Am it's just like I feel like a phony when I Drive, one of those cars was just like it's like. It really shows what its gonna, because it's like the normal or it's a normal car, more affordable, and it's got all the cool features like, and this would be reached to really surprised me about it, even though the ones that you can only get her like the most high-end model right, they started 35,000. The ones you can get now are basically 50,000 55,000, which is still relatively inexpensive compared to other cars in its league, but it's still not as cheap as just a normal car, but it's like going in there yeah, but even for a $35,000 car. The differences between the one that I have in the one that will be the mass-market version is not that great and just seemed like wow. This is a lot of car for that much money and the fact that you charge it like a phone blows, my mind yeah. It's amazing how's, the acceleration. It's pretty good. No, it's not enough! It's good enough! I mean my face. Isn't gonna melt off, but that's okay, I! Come you? Don't need that? Okay yeah! This is okay, but it's also a thousand pounds lighter I believe than the s, so it feels really quick, a little more responsive, yeah and the turns feel really tight, sometimes I'm, trying to make like a u-turn on the S and I'm like any other car, mm-hm and I. It feels like you're riding a boat like you have so much space. You make a u-turn, there's oncoming traffic and also no making a three-point turn and a middle of a busy intersection, because I couldn't perform a simple u-turn. This segment of firstworldproblems is brought to you so angry having us such an expensive car I know it doesn't even turn itself around on a u-turn come on Ilan. It does Park it. So it does. That is actually really nice of shitty I'm kind of upset with you on you started here when I got that car I was promised autopilot and all these great features you say for full self-driving yeah, no, not just autopilot 2.0, which still hasn't been updated beyond the basic one that you started with yeah I mean it's on relative parity I. Think two ought to put autopilot 1.0, but it will get better. I mean we got Auto wipers guys. Ry person can already take me everyone's. Just like alright I'll get over it yeah all right, Tesla driving I know you were able to but I hate. Just you were able to sell the Model 3 or s oh yeah. It sold like immediately really really nice. What did you get a good price for it? Yeah I mean the thing is I just wanted it to cover the cost of the model 3, so I didn't really care. You didn't lose out, I did yeah, that's, but then my insurance payments are much lower. Oh yeah cost of ownership in general is just lower, which is nice for me. God bless. You know trying to save money. Alright, thank you for sharing that experience. Yep I'll see you next and next on chapter 2 of Elon Musk. Oh, did you get a boring company flamethrower now I'm, just like coming across, like some out-of-touch dude, who just spends money on stupid things is that a yes I did I regret not buying one. You should I think it's sold out. It is sold out so I, don't know. Who knows we were talking about it. I was like when people get it, everybody will know. There's gonna, be all these lunatic youtubers running around with yeah flamethrowers, then there's the whole talk about. Is it technically a flamethrower, because the flame needs to be a certain distance long outside of like after the nozzle? And it's not really it's like a flamethrower. In the terms of that, it's like a weed burner. It's a weed burner. We Berta that's been attached to a retrofitted airsoft gun, but the reason I purchased it one cuz it's fun but to like I, actually really like the boring company's idea, and this is how they raise capital and like awareness. So if I can be, if I have like 500 bucks to spend sure god buzz just helped a billionaire with another company yeah that thing could be a collectible someday. I won't be surprised, it's just a fun thing: yeah I, don't know I, don't know, I, don't like to probably reenact yeah. Sorry well, yeah I'm gonna bring everything in sight. Um house, first that'd be a fun video I really just want to I want to turn into Sigourney Weaver's character from aliens. That's my goal: oh my god! Imagine the cosplay wow. Did you not put that on silent I, put mine on airplane mode? Well, I, respect! You is that then that's Dan, oh my god, son of a gun, dang it Dan I. That is horrible, I hate that setting right. This is why your parents divorced- and this is not approved- I- don't know if that's true Danny's parents divorcing anything. He's crying to it all right. You just moved back here from New York right, uh yeah. You were working for beam. Yes, how did ya I mean? How was everything I know? Many people heard the news that beam was disbanded, canceled, axed, kiboshed I, don't know why I'm being more like Ben? Well, how yeah well I'm just curious? How? First of all? How are you you? You made a big life change recently, yeah I mean I'm, fine I, don't ever regret the decisions that I make generally because it was a learning experience like did it turn out successfully for all his purposes? No, but I learned a lot from it. I like the fact that I was living both in New, York and LA, which is like a very nice thing to do, is kind of fun, pretty sweet. It was sweet. It's kind of difficult, though, all the time, because when you're trying to be creative, like focusing all of your energy on to one thing, gets a little bit diffused when you have something else that you're supposed to be focusing on right, I'm sure you guys know that just from all the projects that you work hard to, keep that up, but I'm I mean I. Think it's fine I, like the fact that we could. We were given the opportunity to do what we wanted to do. We didn't really fulfill that, but I have no real hard feelings or bad feelings like the only thing I I was a little upset about was how it was handled, because, basically, we're gonna tell you and then hey in two weeks we're like immediately basically everything's changed. There was no ramp up period -. It was just this immediate turn over all this. So tell me about like how? How did you get the news like? How did it happen? You said it happened immediately, right, yeah, so I woke up to a BuzzFeed article. You didn't know everything was great. I had a notion or -, just from my talks with people that something was up, I didn't think it was going to be as drastic as what had happened. Hmm I mean my mind. It was like Casey's gonna, just do his own thing and that's fine and we're still going to run as we were for the rest of this year right and find our own footing. That wasn't the case. Obviously I found out it was actually so it was. My birthday was the day with everything was announced. So I was like all these text messages and they were all were like happy birthday. What happened to being so that I googled it, and there was this BuzzFeed article because it hadn't been announced to the company. Yet how does that have well Casey's vlog about it? He accidentally made public before it was supposed to, and that then triggered the BuzzFeed article to come out. Wow, Wow and then Casey pulled his video, but buzz. We didn't pull their article found out either through Casey's, accidental vlog or the BuzzFeed article before they were actually told. How did you feel when you found out so you were reading beam is being shut down? Yeah I was like I woke up. Did you believe it we like? Are you sure, cuz I don't know I believed it. Yeah I believed it. It was. It was an interesting experience because I was just I was in LA when that happened. So I was just talking to everybody in New York. While they were going like. Oh we're going up to find out. If we still have jobs, I mean everyone, basically everyone's like offered jobs, and if they decided today it was up to them. Yeah, not maybes. In there I think only three people on the team were actually let go outside of myself, Casey and Matt like three full time. Members were actually like. Oh everyone else, out of the other, like 25 people, we're still offer auditioning yeah, so they handled I mean they gave people the opportunity to like hey. You can still grow and build whatever you want to within CNN. If that's, what you choose, that's nice, but for me, didn't really make sense anymore. Yeah were you? Were you relieved, or were you sad by the news I'm, always sad when you don't get to do what you want like when you're not in charge of your own destiny is always kind of a sad feeling for me. But what did I plan come April when my lease was up in New, York I'd planned to move back full-time here and just when they needed me fly in and help with productions or whatever, but really take a back seat, which is always kind of the plan? I wasn't supposed to be part of the news team forever. The idea was like KC and I helped set the tone for what the news team is and then, after three months we move on to working on other projects under the beam banner, and we never got to that point. So that was the main thing. We had a lot of ideas for things that we wanted to create together, that we never got to yeah and that's always sad, seeing ideas die right. Why do you think that it didn't work out? Well, I'm also one for dramatic purposes to to think about what I'm actually led to say. Um I mean I honestly what Casey said in his vlog about him just kind of disappearing from the entire team is, is a large part of that and there's two sides of it. I think one people were disappointed because they were kind of promised that hey you're gonna be making videos with Casey and that's a lot of pressure to put on to one person yeah like hey Casey, like run. This whole thing manage everything yeah, it's like okay, well, I could just do my own stuff and be more successful at that right and I can do anything that I want and not have to rely on other people, and then from that some people took that as like, oh we've been abandoned and they just shut down others kind of what were that like I'm gonna, make something myself but obviously having Casey is like a figureheads, a very important thing to have, especially when you're trying to gain audience for something and with that not there. I just think that it seemed less of an incentive to keep it going. Casey wasn't really involved, it wasn't in the videos towards the end of the rodeo yeah. He was just saying: I guess was he just not I mean I, don't wanna like confusion about the identity of them, yeah like he was there to kind of direct us creatively, and he wasn't and I'm not trying to put the blame on him. I think like I, was thinking about this a lot and even seeing it and experiencing it. I do a similar thing right, it's easier to be like okay, I'm, just gonna separate myself from this. So if it fails, it's not really. My fault, like I, was leaving a part of it right and there is a lot of pressure where you know the dude going from making videos by himself doing anything he wants myself. Now you have a team of 10 people, they have to be in charge and CNN's like okay. This is the new vice news now go, get it yeah. We didn't really have which I think there was a lot of just miss communications where I remember I was actually we could go last year that I started at Beeman was just Casey and I, and this other guy, and we were just making stuff for like trying to make things. That was really really fun because was just us. Creating things didn't worry about anyone else, yeah and then, like a month later, where he's like hey, we just hired nine new people. We have to figure out how these cogs fit into this machine that hadn't been built yet so we're trying to build it around the pieces that were inside, where we should have kind of been doing it. The other way so I get it like. It was just a lot of stress and pressure, and so I get it well. It was a cool experience, um really cool videos. It was a it's a shame. I feel like because I felt the last video you guys made about cryptocurrency, yeah, I, remember and I was like man. I felt, like kind of just I. Don't know I felt like a little nostalgia already for it being gone and I really I was like this was so cool. This was a great video and I wanted I kind of felt, like you guys, were maybe just starting to hit your stride a little bit. I think we had honestly in my mind, once the pressure of like Casey need to be involved was gone. Everyone took these kind of breath was like. Oh, we can just do what we want now we're not trying to aim for someone else's guidelines or someone else's vision. We're just gonna do what we want yeah and I. Even did that I mean I'm guilty as well, where I kind of took a back seat. It was like I'm, just like you guys do this, but then, with that crypto mining piece I was like you know what actually enjoy this like Jack, who was in the video with me. Let's just go, make this ourselves mm-hmm and I. Think if I had done more of that, then maybe things might be different. I, don't really know, but I didn't I was never when I was hired. I was never supposed to be on camera right and that's. What really appealed to me was like I'm gonna, be behind care and help run things right and not have to be this person, who's, dictating and directing and like moving it through. It was a different thing: yeah. It was a whole new thing yeah, but it's fine I will. Our title was director of production yeah, but I learned a lot from it and I'm happy for that. A great experience yet about anything like I learned a lot I met a lot of new people that I really liked and we got to even make a video together, yeah real baby Dasia, so I, don't I'm not upset about it. I feel bad for the I mean also I'm very fortunate I had two jobs, I was doing Vsauce and this at the same time, so I lost one job. Oh no. What am I gonna do I'll, just move back to LA, I, guess I'm continuing my other job to be able to focus on that more. Do you feel inspired at all to continue the journalistic approach now that you've had a taste for it, not at all huh? It was interesting this again why news has never been my thing. I, don't I think it's interesting I, don't particularly like being involved in it, because you can't control the story as much. It has to be exactly what's there in front of you needing to portray it as realistically and honestly as possible, hopefully, but when it comes to like what I do I'd be says, I can create a world and like show it to you, through my own lens right anymore, that rative it's more filmmaking versus like a documentary, capturing things right so I mean it's all right. Well, I'm, sad because I love that video, it's like I, want more videos, doing investigating I mean I, wouldn't hate CNN, if you're watching this, but you probably are not getting money at yeah, an eon and while you're watching - were the we all need model threes, a damn it and two jobs by the way. How was where was it? You guys went to Iceland or Greenland Iceland, so in this video, if you guys haven't seen it, you guys went to Iceland where is it the world's biggest crypto farm? According to the company that has the crypto mind, it is the largest kryptonite in the world, but they don't know. The operation was so crazy because the the reason they set it up was because of the cold weather and they would save money on cooling their massive mining operation, so they literally just suck air in from the outside and blow it over there massive servers, yeah I was I, was so cool to see. Well, is it the whole thing like they say? There's a few things like. Oh, the electricity is more economical, I, remember how they said it, the cold air. They can just like pull it in siphon it out, but then also the government of Iceland is a lot more agreeable to crypto currencies. Where's like China place, like I've, been cracking down on it right. Iceland isn't as severe I have to say when I saw that I'm like this is kind of messed up, because in a crypto is I've, read I, don't remember the exact number, so I'm, not gonna, say it, but crypto mining is actually you like a substantial amount of electricity across the eight point, two percent of all electricity generated and said why, for litter, for like I, don't know like just what are they doing they're, just it's literally just like burning power. Is there an end to the mining, like is all that computing power going into something useful I mean eventually, eventually, there's only so much of the different kind of like crypto currencies or the old coins. Whatever you have that you can mine, so eventually, there won't be anymore to mine mm-hmm, but that's quite a ways away but like what is the computing doing? Cuz they're like burning power, computing and crunching data on something? Yes, it's something useful or is it just burning energy to this whole discussion now is that the blockchain, the basic infrastructure that operates crypto currencies could be used for other things. It could be used for infrastructure, it could be used for like medical practices, Crowley doors, no yeah, but I'm not entirely sure. This I still have we're actually planning a whole series. I've ended up caning about. It was like basically, let's learn about this because I don't understand it fully. Yeah I'm, just like what cuz you always say, blockchain like what is that, though, watching though what does it mean? It's a digital ledger. What does that mean? I, don't know Seinfeld care, they're, crunching, algorithms, that solve nothing essentially right, I I am NOT. Okay, we haven't gone that I. Don't know you make that serious. Well, I, probably sound, really ignorant to some people, yeah I, just I, don't know the whole thing is so crazy. The whole Bitcoin thing are you invested at all. I do have a little bit, not much you're doing all these things. I might as well. Try right, but yeah, don't don't try it. There's a lot quantity on VidCon and I. Don't care how much I'm just curious when you're invested, oh yeah, so not Bitcoin yeah, that's a sucker's bound all about ëthere iam and garlic coin: garlic, oil, dogecoin, yeah, Kayne coin. What about football coin? Super coin: Oh big put my own tire hedge fund, that doesn't exist into FUBU, hell ya, know things like aetherium litecoin, yeah, Ripple extra quest Network iota just like those are all the few things: okay, diverse portfolio, very nice. Well, it's more of I like to think was, like you just play little seeds, cuz. Who knows what's going to be the next Bitcoin? If we ever get to that kind of sure level, again, yeah you might as well just because it's like some of those things are 30 cents was like cool I can buy 10. Now, that's not really a huge loss of Mayan yeah. We have a friend who got involved actually two friends that we know gumball like real early. They invested like 2,000 bucks. Maybe I think it was two years ago they said and like etherium they're like up to a hundred thousand bucks and I, you find it interesting. It's a girl! Yeah, it's kind of like a lot of times. You don't really see female ela I cannot believe you just made that channel. We're not allowed to make I mean no I'm, proud of that. We have a girlfriend who's if you're watching I think she's giving a shout personally I'm just like dude take that money and wrong. That's always the fear right is like if you pull out now like haha, but it could be it's like the hold, but I don't know it just seems like glorified gambling to me. I, don't understand it though so don't judge me, I mean I, have no real knowledge about markets or anything like that. The only piece of advice that I've ever listened to when it comes to this stuff, is that whatever you invest should be something that you're willing to lose right and then the second thing is once so for me once I made enough money that covered how much I invested I pulled out that amount, so I didn't lose any money great. So, whatever a little bit amount of money, I have left it's just like it's fun money. It's funny right! Funny! Money I, don't know fun months when he wears chuck-e-cheese bucks, chucky, cheese, bucks that has real value. It did actually that actually would be a cool thing like. How much is it chucky cheese? How thing like tickety, sauce, 3 boom, it's gonna, Tommy's bucks equals one Bitcoin or one bottle. Three are one three, so I've noticed now, since you've moved back to LA that you are seem to be much more active on vsauce3. Oh nice fate bag, you vaping I was here yeah that was like you were key or something it kind of looks like well. Maybe a sex toy, but also it kind of looks like a nice pebble that you would throw across the lake with your hands and I should just say for those watching at home. This is a just water, vapor, there's no drugs in this yeah right thanks for the disclaimer. Do people know yet it's not cannabis. Is that what we call it? No, it was funny I wish. I saw this you're talking about our new video, the return of white man face I, assume, don't say them work. What are you serious, weirdly coincidental I did some research before I got here? Um I just saw in our subreddit now this posted an article right or like from two weeks ago, and that video was posted like a month ago where they used marijuana and the title of the article and I was just like, but he said what happened Asians like them, and others don't say that word anymore, I, don't know what to believe. My whole life is like so you're asking a question before. Are you happy to be more focused now on vsauce3 now that beam has met its demise? Am I happy. Let's start with that part of the question. What is seven grams uh, so I am happier to be here. I mean Michael's. Also, now back full time. Little legit Papa bless cuz. He is my dad um. You know. Cherish me out just to go on a little tangent he's younger than me is he Michael is younger than me. Is that make? How are you he's the same age? You get this image? Okay, but he's 32. Okay, where is he 33 I? Think he's a little younger than me one's your birth, but even if he's the same age, that's weird and I'm gonna get to the bottom of June June June Michael's is January. He's 20 seconds he's younger than me. 1986 I, don't know that just seems to 5, because he's like that yeah, you think that is the glasses, the beard, the whole look anyway. I'm! Sorry, yes, yeah, so I'm excited cuz. We're both here. He likes is not doing his tour at the moment. He's not doing mine field so we're just in the office every day. That's cool II, like I, want to make more things. I felt and I still feel to a degree that I've been creatively dry so and it's hard difficult. It's difficult to get back into that kind of like motivation like I'm gonna make stuff yay yeah, but being there is really nice I like being around like our employees and like Michael and all that stuff, so I want to make more things. I'm working on some interesting stuff, I! Think oh well, I love like the energy I love the vibe in your guys's office. You have this wonderful warehouse yeah, where you all work from it's really cool mm-hmm and we're also two blocks down the street from corridor digital, which is nice. So we get to see, like other creators who dat what is more additional Oh would highly recommend they do kind of like an evolution of what Freddy W was doing. We all kind of, like Brian, of the same literally the same office to YouTube channel yeah the quarter. They make like incredible, like these beautiful visual effects. Heavy videos they're really really talented, oh so yeah off to check them out. It may shock you that it's already been 30 minutes, and that means I am blown away, because this conversation is so silky smooth, we're gonna run to a commercial real fast and we will be back after a short break because I have so much more I want to ask you and there's so much more to know. Stay tuned do not go anywhere. Thank you. -, hello, fresh, we're sponsoring this episode of the H Street podcast. We have teamed up with hello fresh to offer our audience $30 off your first week of deliveries when you go to hellofresh, calm and use the offer code, h, 3 podcast, one word: I love, Hello, fresh, it's my favorite day of the flippin week. You get this package, it's frigerator, it's cool. It's got proteins, vegetables, every single ingredient. You need to cook a beautiful homemade meal and it shows up right at your door. It's such a fun service. It solves so many problems. You need to go shopping. You need to think what to cook right. It's all there and one of the annoying things is like when you want to cook Civic nice meal. You go to the market and it's like you need to Leafs of cilantro and the markets like well. Here's five pounds: that's your only option! So now you get exactly the right proportion and you don't have to think about it. Everything comes pre-measured another label and you know exactly what you need. They offer a wide variety of chef, curated recipes that change on a weekly basis. Recently I have enjoyed the chicken sausage pizza with fresh oregano. Look at this look at this pizza. You know I'm a pizza boy, and this was off the chain and it's super easy to make the way they. You have exact instructions. Everything is labeled measured. You just want to follow the steps. Yeah they've got these wonderful little info sheets with lots of bright colors and all the instructions you would need, and also they don't include crayons but I love drawing on that. Well, the food's cooking. They also have all these taco recipes. The last time we had was a pork and poblano. Are you freaking que me a little spicy, a little savory? Oh, my god. I would never make this myself. You know I just go home and eat chips or something awful like that. Cuz I'm to like I, don't have time, but they show up at the door and oh, it's the best day of the week, guys it's so fresh, it's so easy to cook. It's delicious! It's bounced and it's a wonderful dinner for less than $10 a meal feel confident with the simple recipes outlined on pictures with step by step instructions. If you can't even boil an egg like my mother, I love her, but she one time boiled eggs and she walked upstairs forgot and the eggs exploded and we're literally on the roof like ten feet ahead. My mom that joke about not cooking egg, you know, but a boil egg is real. In her case, she has made hello fresh and made a delicious meal. So if she can do it, you can too so here's the deal go to hell afresh, calm and use the code h3 podcast one word and get 30 bucks off your first order of week of deliveries. So thank you to hell afresh for sponsoring this episode of the h3 podcast. Next up we have got stitch. You can tell when a guy's got style. He always looks great and seems confident and he's ready for anything anything well. That takes a certain skill set. Not all of us were born with and but now there's an easy way to look better, and let me tell you about stitch. Fix meant, that's true. Some guys just have swag it's the same for women too. Some ladies, have swag. It's not some. Like look, we takes a lot of effort, it's like who cares. Sometimes you just want to write, not worry about what you're wearing well, some people have swag in other areas, and some people have swag in other areas. I felt really sad saying, like maybe you're a real funny dude, and maybe you just don't know how to dress yourself, but with stitch fix they fill in. You know you can they fill in that part they're, your virtual girlfriend, your virtual mom, wrapped up, you don't have to bug them like it's. Just someone, ladies paid to help you out. So here's the deal about what stitch fix. Is it's a new way to shop for clothes? And it's unbelievably simple. You go to stitch, fix, calm and answer some questions about your sizes. What styles you like and how much you want to spend stitch fix, has clothes for every guy and his style. Not just one type of look: they've got it all. In fact, I have a friend he's a motorcycle ER he's crazy dude. He came out with the I, don't know, I'm sure they've got leather jackets with flames and if that's what you're into but they've got, everything is my point. Your personal stylist then uses your preference and other information. You enter to select brand new clothes just for you. The items are delivered right to your door. You try them on and you only pay for what you keep just send anything you don't want back and shipping is free both ways. That's right, buster, get your fix on demand and sign up to receive scheduled shipments, guys of all shapes, I love that all shapes and sizes and budgets relatable. Exactly defining your new style starts with stitch that so guys. Dan has been rockin, stitch, fix and I. Think I honestly, but when Dan started, I was like I know about this guy. Once he started getting stitched. Fixed he's got like this sweater that he just he wears every day. It's getting kind of weird. They sent him this sweater that he loves it so much that is getting weird, and that can be you too, so try them out today. You've got nothing to lose. So go now to stitch, fix, calm, slash, h3, you get 25% off when you keep all five items in your box. That's stitch, fixed calm, I'm, /, h3 to get started a stitch fix, calm, / h3! Thank you for sponsoring cuz. Then. Finally, we've got seed. Geek, I, freaking love me some seat, geek. You have heard of all these various websites where you go and buy tickets and you get ripped off by all these suckers see geeks, not one of those guys in fact they're the opposite, because when you go online, you want to buy tickets to a concert. A post Malone show a Kings game, whatever Kings I, don't know why I said Kings Lakers, whatever you're into sporting event Dodgers, they give you a view from the seat and they rate the seat on how good of a deal you're getting on that seat. So you know exactly where you're sitting you know exactly what kind of deal you're getting. There's no flippin surprises dude and it's just such a great wonderful service. If you want to go to any event, I recommend seeking ten out of ten times. That's what I use and that's what you should use uh my dude, for example, my dad they hooked up tickets. For me and my dad when we went to it, was the world's Dodgers World Series. We were like right behind home plate and they just they had. They just did that out of the kindness of their heart. For my dad on his birthday, that's not related to how good their services, but just more of a testament to what great dudes they are. So they you get a 1 to 10 score on each seat. To let you know how good of a deal you're getting the Green is good at the red is bad. We got a hookup for you guys at home. They want to see a show, go to event. Whatever use code, h3h speak for 20 bucks off your first order. Just click the me tab on the app and enter code h3h3 for $20 off click. The link in the description too download the app so go to the link of description and use code h3h3 for 20 bucks off your first seat. Geek order, love seat, geek, guys. If you are in the market for anything of our sponsors of support, please help I, don't I'm that it makes sense that sentence what I mean to say, if you're in the market, for a new grocery list, a new clothing line in your closet or a ticket. Yes, that's exactly what I met through an event. Please consider supporting our sponsors because they help support the show and make it possible with that being said, let's get right back into it. Welcome everybody back to the three podcasts before we want to break. You had mentioned that you were creatively blocked or like bankrupt, just because we watched one of your recent videos about a video about making a video, or was it a video about not making it yeah yeah, but specifically the one about my being stuck yeah, which I, loved and I think anyone on YouTube would be like that's way too or later. It was tell me a bit about like when you're creative, really blocked. Yeah I would like how do you? What do you do like? How do you break through some my mentality on it? And again this just pertains to me: I, don't know how this works for other people, but I you can't force it I always find like the more you try to be creative, the less you actually are it's one of those moments where, like you're, just listen to music and it hits you like. Yes, that's what I could do? Okay, if it's it so I have to what I've been doing. Actually the past week has just been 3d printing objects to see what I could do with them and then also just listening to this audio library that we use and just like, shuffling through it and when I hear a song I, add it to a playlist you just there so I've, like million playlet millions playlists for like videos, I've never made yet well. You know this will be good for, like I made one playlist, which won't make any sense sounds weird, but it was called untitled a kidnapped, daughter, video Wow, so one more to that one, but I try and rescue my daughter taking style who doesn't exist, but one day she will maybe I, don't know anyway. It's just listening to music and like zoning out, because for me at least I need a hear me. That's, like motivates everything in my life, especially with videos because of you listening to me. Okay, great cameras, gonna go like this, and this sounds like the feeling of it. Is it's going to be more about kind of like shapes like a decison I want to do it on that, so I just need music, but it's a process. There's no, and this why we make video so infrequently on. Vsauce is because it takes a while to find the topic that you want to talk about, and then how do you talk about it? It needs to be done in a way that is unique to degree and can feel like this full meal and I need to understand the topic better than anybody, because it has to be infallible. Everything that I say needs to be exact. So just I don't know I'm, hopefully, but well, I mean I, don't know like I think we Evan flow right, like I'm sure you guys have gone through yeah I mean we talked about this before we're like yeah, because I can't even do anything. Man like I feel, like I'm, being forced to make videos yeah and I never want to be in that position and the guilt that I feel for not making content is because I know that there are lovely people who do want to watch it yeah and that's, but at this is I, don't know. I didn't actually think I was in the car right here and interject whatever you want. Please, because I could just talk forever, for it did. Is that I find myself thinking that being like creating or making things is an amazingly selfish act like? Why am I doing it I'm doing? Because I want people to like me, that's the reason I make things because I want them to see, what's in my mind and today and to agree with it or to like find some semblance of themselves in it and that's why I make things I don't make things just for them. I make them so they understand me and so that they like me, that's the reason that I create anything and I think that's potentially true for lots of people. There's a lot of artists who say I create for the purpose of sharing. Do you think that anyone can possibly actually feel that or do you think they're deluding themselves into thinking like hey I'm, doing something I'm helping the world but really they're, just kind of I think that you can have that kind of noble cause mentality, but there's always that you're also kind of just doing it for yourself, which nothing is bad like you should do things for yourself, I, don't think the two are contradicting like for you. You may think like that, but still for the viewers they get a lot from it, and maybe you did it because you just want them to like you, but they still you made them, have a better day. I, don't know yeah, it does have to be siloed, it's not all black and white. There's this really lovely gray area in the middle, but I I, don't I just have this thought sometimes, and this is a kind of moving to a higher level thing where I always feel like I'm, never going to be satisfied like in anything that I do and I think that's also a driver for why you keep making things is. Nothing is going to be good enough. There's never gonna be a point. We're making video that was the best video I ever made. I'm done that's kind of what Jordan peterson said when he was here. Is that, like the purpose of life, is to live on the edge of like the black and white, a big chaos in the order, I think if you ever are truly satisfied? Well, it's fine, then good for you, but that's where growth stops right, because, if you're just stagnant, then we're listening like that's, it's not a negative thing to be that way. Just that I mean I, don't know how what I would do if I was that way like I remember when I was, you know like stuck on a couch for three months: I couldn't do anything. I was like I'm worthless. I have no purpose. I can't make anything that when you were battling cancer yeah, this is like I'm. A piece of garbage like I can't do anything and I no motivation to do anything in that the fear was, will I ever get out of this well. I always feel this way and will I just be complacent, with what I have and not try to achieve greater and it's not true greater in terms of like the things that I own, it's achieved, greater in terms of who I am and the things that I can create. I, don't know if that's just like very fluffy and hoity-toity, but no I think it makes total sense. You know I I've, always kind of been envious of people who can just be satisfied and and like just happy with living the life that they have and like it's satisfying. They come home, they're, happy, I, don't know if that actually exists, but I'm sure it does just some extent, but I think it's rare that there's somebody who's just like I, have a job I'm totally satisfied. I have no ambitions further than where I am now and I. Just gonna live like this for the rest of my days, I think there's probably some it's must be very ripping, and no one really looks at it like that. I think happiness is like in little moments like no one is really like. My life is great, not great. Go to work. We'll combine this like, like I, know I, think of like farmers or some, but like real impetus in life. Right no I think actually I mean that those people exist. I do believe it to be rare, but I think eel is kind of right with that where there are moments peponi I was talking to my girlfriend about this. Where you know she asked me like, are you happy like in this moment? Yes, like with you right now, I am outside of this. There are things I'm like not happy about. Yeah I am sad about, but in this moment yes I am happy, but also it like it we're kind of talking about. When it comes to people being satisfied, it's like a grass is always greener. You know you're, like which I also feel like I love, just be satisfied and like have a home and a family like a job that I go to from 9:00 to 5:00, but I assume that people in those situations are also like man. I wish I could do anything that I want I wish. I could do like what Neal and Jake do yeah like it's always better, there's always other side of the fence. Yeah, no 100%, it's the human condition, doesn't matter how great it is. Man you're, always you're, always gonna, be a whiny little [ __ ], pretty much Obama's at home right now, I'm being like goddamn dude I wish I could have wish. I could I don't know one more frankly, but he's thinking about something. It reminds me of that. There's this great scene from the office when uh Andy is like I wish. Somebody would tell him I wish there was a way to know when you're in the good old days and why you're in what does it mean that you are vsauce3 I've, always I still understand the whole Vsauce like not even the hierarchy, just like the what's going on there. What does it mean that you're, a Vsauce? How are you guys all associated um? Well, we're all friends, first buddies, yeah I think it's a similar way of thinking about topics and a similar way of expressing them like the way that we do them it's packaged differently, but I think that the through line is always similar. What do you I mean I watch like oh, this feels like Vsauce I, don't know how to better explain it besides, like it's. This feeling that we all try and express in our content, but it was really we actually Michael and Kevin I talk about this a lot where, if we had made these channels today, they probably wouldn't be named like Vsauce one, two and three they'd be probably different names. It was just that in the day you named your second channel two third channel three and that's why we did it yeah I think it's just. We all have a similar way of viewing the world and we're all just very curious about similar topics. We express them. I mean sorry, I, said the same thing twice, but to give examples you know you can watch for what we do, educational content and they all feel varied and different, and we try and do ours differently than how they do it and to us that's what makes it Vsauce instead of like physics, girl or smarter every day. It just has a different feeling to it. There's definitely a delivery that you guys all have this really like sharpen us way of speaking where you just had pauses for right. That's what I meant, but you guys are you guys, like also business partners, or do you guys just kind of a couple dudes who, like being associated I, know we're all business partner, okay, yeah, so we all work together. We run the business together, dude yeah, it's like it's Michael's like Michael created it like he's the top dog, but we all work together in a really nice way. That's cool you discussed like each other's videos. Do if we have questions like you know, Kevin will call me like anything about this. We'll talk about it or, if, like I, have questions on a script I'll send it to Michael by talking about acceleration correctly. Here, like the past few days, we've just been all there we are ela said I didn't mean to break you off. I just wanted to share this video or this picture. They want that the boy band of science described you guys, then Michael was Michael wearing that sweater on. Ironically, did he just show up in that sweater? No, his wife made him that sweater. He loves it he's wearing it today. Actually yeah his wife made that forum yeah. We all worked here and I love that, like currently I've been my next video is potentially gonna, be about impossible objects, which are these like really cool illusions like these 2d illusions, but I'm printing them in three dimensions on a 3d printer, but they need to look 2d when you look at it, but by looking at in 2d, it makes it look 3d. So that's been a fun challenge, but I, basically just been showing all the ones I print to my cake. Dude check this out only I show him he's even look at his certain angles, like I, take a bigger than run over to his decimal. Look at this well look at this. Anyway. All these things on his desk and end up doing that for like an hour and then I go wait. I got to work again! Sorry! Oh that's awesome! So it's really fun. Like I love, you know, I was in Michael's wedding as one of his groomsmen like we're just all really good friends. Well, how did you meet Michael? Did you attend? Obviously you got bright, yeah! Well, I! Guess it was grinder around at the I, yet I look grinders it sound so obscene. Doesn't it it sounds like you're, gonna, murder, somebody. It sounds like you're just cool to me. It just sounds like you're grinding, like grinder, it's like when you rub on another person. In such a way I Ryan I've never been sexual. So it's like things like you, I mean Grindr, I mean I, assume people do that. I! Guess that's why it exists. I'm not married, yet seven or anything he invited you to become a Vsauce. How does it? How do you become a pea sauce? Dare you guys looking for a Vsauce for or the sauces? Is there enough sauce? There's a there's, a good amount of sauce I? Think if we ever get to make another channel, it might not be Vsauce Numerical, it might just be Vsauce kids or something right right, um, we'd love to try and do something where we help other creators create similar and in scope, I. Think to what the vlogbrothers you would like we're gonna give two thousand dollars or something to all these different creators and they can buy equipment. Like we'd love to figure out some way to be more hands-on with other science communicators, but not own any of what they do, but just like help them, maybe that's how we're involved, but I met Michaels, so I met Michael and Kevin because we all worked at Google together. Oh wait! Louie! You worked at Google before you were sauce. Yes, you do there Wow, so we were all strategists. So we worked basically with brands and with advertisers and with creators to help them emphasize their content on the platform and go through analytics behaviors to notice. So we did that Michael was still doing Vsauce at the time. Kevin was doing. Vsauce, - and I was working on a project called Space Lab, which was this really exciting project where it was an initiative that YouTube was doing where some kids would submit science experiments and then one of them would actually be sent to the International Space Station to be performed. So I made all of the content for that channel like hosting what would go up to one of these kids experiments would go up to the ISS. Just like you said they were gonna. Send a kid up to space. I was like yeah. Do I need a spaceship now you're good competition. So that's how I met Mike like Michael and I sat next to each other and I was working on Space Lab. He was still doing strategy and like Vsauce when he could in his free time, because if he saw said that at that point wasn't huge, yet it maybe had like 200 300 thousand subscribers when it started getting really big. That became his full-time job he's like listen. Google I'll still help you with stuff, but Vsauce is what I'm gonna focus on and I started, helping him edit. Some like da episodes and stuff like that for his channel right, and he originally asked me to be a channel- has been around that long. Oh yeah he's the inception. Pretty much of Vsauce I mean when he started. Was a gaming comedy channel like the videos Mario far? So that's. What's so nice about even the name Vsauce, even like with what your ears are h3h3 productions, it could be anything yeah. It's not like we're like we make video game comedy the channel. Oh my gosh shucks! Well now we got to do that yeah. So I was working. That Michael asked me to be the channel manager and I kind of was like what if I just did my own channel. So we worked together and we had another guy Joey at the time he was hosting too and I just wrote a bunch of scripts in him to give him Michael. They're like these are great Google's like a Jake's gonna. Do this? Do it so that's kind of how it's done so cool yeah. So what happened to Joey where's he or well, because I noticed if you go to vsauce3 mmm. First video has Vsauce - yeah, who was Vsauce - when vsauce3 was Vsauce -, so he was basically the channel when it first launched. Was this guy Joey who made video game content myself and then Kevin from Vsauce -? Okay, because I was still doing Space Lab full-time, like my Google stuff, full-time, so I couldn't make all the content so Kevin would like pitch in and make some videos make some videos and then once I handed I gave Space Lab off to Scientific American. Once we did that like beginning of 2012, then I started doing Vsauce three full-time cool, so Joey stepped away, Kevin stepped away and was just me by the way. I understand you have a resume of working on kids content. Do you know that they're doing an open, casting call for Blue's Clues? Are they really open? Casting call dude dude I was like I could never be as good as Steve, though that's kind of my well dilemma. I'm, like hey, they says: here's, the casting call. It says we're looking for the perfect host. That is a comedy background, natural connect with the camera and someone who will empower the home viewer to feel important, respected and smart. That's you dude yeah I, just gonna, be like listen guys, I'm creatively, bankrupt, I, can't think of any ideas. So today we're just gonna, eat nachos and watch a movie erasers. Well, do you play guitar sing or juggle they're? Looking for a juggler? Well, I can juggle a song, a dance. That's alright! I can juggle the heck out of anything. Well, not anything but I did I did do circus camp for quite a while. I can do flaming clubs, circus camp yeah I can do some fresh T camp. Basically well, I tell me about yeah, so the school that I went to. We had a circus program because our theatre director used to be in the circus, so we had a whole circus program and at Circus camp I did circus. As, like my arts thing and no little strength, I mean I can juggle. I can do tightrope. Dude I can jump through fire hoops. I, don't know if I can I say these things. If I could do that today, I don't know I could do it. When I was like 10 years old, I was much more nimble then, and you got a flamethrower and I could do it in throwers. Here is something that I saw. That was a real crack-up. He received a gift from YouTube recently and they said happen to be a picture of Vsauce 2, and then they sent me multiple copies of what's the chronology of receiving 5 coasters randomly and it didn't, they were included. I like took it out framed photo of not me. They were my comments and also my channel name, but not my face, and then they also sent five in the front of these. These sent those with a sharpie, so I could sign them to give to fans, so maybe one it could be. A collector's item. Kevin, however, got that's the same photo these for Kevin. He got his -, they just no I, never get answer yeah. They emailed my partner manager and she was very apologetic and they sent me a new one, which is now hanging up in the CNN office, because I sorry, YouTube I, didn't want it. Yeah values that no, but they were like because they email me do you want this said? No, so then they send me a photo of it hanging up in one of their like edit Suites mom, but yeah always have this to commemorate, but it is perfect. Like I mean I love, YouTube they've, we wouldn't have careers without them, but is this kind of like this delinquency that they have really top creators? We love you, here's one, that's totally, not even you, because they would even like. Did you get your pride all right? It's almost like I can't even get you all you Vsauce is straight yeah. This is probably him, but it's fine, I love that. So what's your plan going forward, what is your dream project I'm curious, because now the beams out of the way you're back home, your focus on your own Chet yeah, like let's say in five years from now? What would you love to be working on in a perfect world? That's a great question: I mean five years ago. I didn't even think I'd be doing what I'm doing now. So, who knows how the the landscape will change? I would love to make a movie I'd like to make a feature-length movie would be really nice. You want to write direct, oh just direct I, think just direct it if I could like help I'm, not a great writer when it comes with scripts, I'm great at writing for myself, I, don't know how good I am providing for others. So I'd like to direct something I think would be really neat and I'm trying to do more of that, like I'm, currently working on a much longer series, much more expensive series for a Vsauce, hmm but I think really cool. That I can't talk too much about now, but soon people be able to see it. That's exciting, cuz, all independently, no more more info to be revealed later, that's good, but all my videos, like my most expensive video ever made I, think cost like 3 grand or something like the home alone, one that one was insane. You had like a whole. Thank you house! Well, no, what I didn't pay anything like that was like what I was. That was a brand deal they built the set for me. So I don't have to invest anything like I think the most expensive video I made was the Muppets video, and that was because I'd like I, hired a crew and stuff, but I would love to see what I could do with an actual budget which hopefully this thing that I'm working on will allow me to do like what could make with hundreds of thousands of dollars. Yeah I, don't know, maybe something good. Hopefully that's super exciting, but I love to do stuff, like that I'm trying to one thing, that's really important, which actually I really appreciate you guys for and I think you handled it lovely is extending the brand beyond one platform, because we don't control YouTube. We have no idea what's going to happen when they make changes. It affects us in a very significant way, beyond things like teddy fresh, which also exists outside of yourselves, which is super important if h3 were just disappear tomorrow. You still have this one brand that isn't entirely tied to you. Where's the same thing. We tried to be like the Curiosity Box, like creating products that can exist without us having to always endorse them or promote them right. Well, that seems to be killing it. Oh thank you. Yeah super cool, -, I love. What you guys put in it yeah I mean that's just like a really fun thing to do, but again it it allows us to not only be Vsauce allows us to do something different and grow. What we do like my dream, is always and I actually loved it. When we were out to dinner and like we saw somebody wearing some Teddy fresh, what a cool experience, but we were meeting for your birthday yeah at an escape room, and we saw something we went for dinner afterwards, and some dude at the bar was just rocking the Teddy Fresh hat and me, and his dream from the beginning was like we want to just run into someone. Well, actually our dream is to run into someone on the street yeah we're halfway there. This guy was a fan, but still it was really cool. Yeah, that's awesome and that's like our dream with the box is to see someone wearing one of the t-shirts in it right. It has no idea who the heck any of us are really love it for what it is yeah. So we're trying to figure out more things. We can do with that I'm, trying to figure out how I can grow vsauce3 outside of just youtube. You do kind of feel pigeon-holed, sometimes like I needed, only make these kind of van. It's too unreliable. We had like a existential crisis when the apocalypse happened and I mean the fashion thing was something we always wanted to do anyway, and so I I wasn't just helped us push yeah. You know yeah that thing I'm just so happy that ela is like following her passion and that's just something that was in her book. That was the first thing that she wanted to do before we ever made YouTube so able to go back. That's oscillation, 'old ream and be able to fulfill it. I never got into fashion schools. She was rejected suck in fashion school I have a successful brand I'm a mom. That's means like the clothing is legitimately incredible. Like I love it my girlfriend super jealous she's like oh, can I wear? No, oh. What does she want? Maybe just like a burlap sack. She always wants to wear it, but I wear smalls and she wears normal human being sizes. Small, it's hard to rock me. It's really yeah and I always have smallest leftover, yeah I'm, just like it's got a human skill. I mean we're all skeletons, but I have very little things besides my bones. That surprised me, because you are famous for enjoying of pizza and tacos, but yeah you're such a petite little fella. It's also my diet. I don't eat like breakfast or lunch. I just need dinner. I, like pineapple, you eat one meal a day, I like a pineapple me really a Clif Bar, then at dinner, I go hog-wild like last night. I had not chosen a burrito. No one had night before what come from, where I not chosen a buried, beautiful, also couldn't I, don't think I could eat one meal a day. I have cravings. I have needs, see you just gotta fight through it. Are you so tell me? How does it work? Are you actually hungry but you're like I? Don't I don't see I'm always like the thing is when I eat into it, I get very slow, like my thinking gets slow and I can't like talk as well and I. Don't just like you late as well close you down you gotta eat so is is not cuz. That's funny. Cuz Austin posts, Malone does the same thing and it drives me crazy. Whenever we hang out with him for like a full day, I get so hungry and he's like bro. No, no, like we're drinking all day, usually and he's like no no at 3:00 a.m. and I can't wait, til 3:00 and the heat it's insane. Is that part of, like a diet regimen for no? No, it's just that, like I. If I ever have meetings, I have to film I never eat beforehand, because it will slow me down. I won't think as well interesting. What happens to me a lot I just get too busy and too distracted, and then I'm like wait. I'm, starving and I did about the difference between me and you guys, I, never forget about food like before coming here. We ordered Michael really wanted some subs, so Michael a guy I like what a sweetie ordered sweater. If I was here, eating editing this I'd be like I wish man, god I wish I had that because, like dude I'm, I think I'm at my happiest when I'm eating nachos. Let me show you these photos, these sweet nachos. Let me see the nachos I have a plate of beautiful nachos dumped with salsa or a burger look at those. Not just even is that from a local joint yeah even gave me a side of nacho cheese, but, like it's been having a fat guy disease because, like simultaneously I hate being overweight and I really want to change. But equally, as compelling or I mean looking at me, more compelling is that I watch shows every day. It's it's twisted man! Well, let me let me throw a and also I, don't want to exercise everybody at home, like whatever ball go on there like a treadmill, because I don't want it. That was gonna kind of busy I love. Have you tried one thing I enjoy is: do you want to see the nachos I don't know, I feel bad. That I'm not sure you know you doesn't care about food side of nacho cheese. It's great! Oh some refried beans up in there. What are you doing? Oh okay, I didn't took me a second. Are you putting that into your urethra? It's fine! Don't you know what you're talking about? Can you imagine if your urethra was wide enough to be able to like fitness and how clean it would be? Some people are into that. Like him, oh yeah, I've seen when people shoved thing up there, you reatha a fetish. I, don't know Oh Ian. Can you find out the specific name of that, so everyone watching can go yeah, go google dancing now, don't don't I'm, just making a joke? No I'm, I'm curious to me. That seems to be one of the most insane fetishes of shoving things up your [ __ ]. That's an out hole, here's for sure! Well, but people like showing things in other holes that are generally for out that one specifically, oh, it's called sounding I mean sounding like besides your mouth, what other hole on your body is meant for things to go in it, not the penis hole. I'm, never gonna make fun of little people for the things that they enjoy as long as they don't hurt. Okay, fine, okay, you're into some weird I'm, good I'm, not saying okay, I'm gay I'm, not gonna, stop I'm, not judging my urethra. You know what whatever but I would get into it. Whatever you're into god bless you I sang a lot of people in the chat, knew the name immediately to me. I'm disappointed that I wasn't quick on the sound, my sounding. That makes it worse. It's like like it's like listening to it like yeah. Do you remember this is old internet days? Okay, stop you remember grow up. Would you do you remember? There was a video that maybe some folks had seen. I have two videos for you. Maybe we can find him Ian yeah, oh yeah! Maybe do fine pull these up. You can find anything um, Ian I, want you to pull up a video sounding I, don't want to video. It was a guy cutting off his pain, Olympics penis, yes, I mean it's fake. You think we cut off with that hat of the axe, so it matches first of all, I've seen it and I was so traumatized by like as maturing through my life, yeah the be any pain Olympics. That's it yes and um. Well, for those of you who don't know any I'll tell you it's. Basically men disfiguring their genitals. You know so like for kaya. It's the most twisted on the planet so like just a guy, would put his dick on a chopping blocks and just literally hatchet it off, but I'll just say, but it's like Jen can only do that once yeah, it's a one-shot, go! That's why it's so special you so that baby back on good as new like a lizard. No, they made sure that you use like a serrated edge. I could imagine to being more difficult to attach um there's another. Oh sorry, you go what what are the things that I've heard since just so everyone watching knows, and especially the the ad policy team, that it was fake. It wasn't real and even if it was real, that made me feel better and so I choose to believe that it was fake. So okay got one more video for you. They might have seen. This was back in the day when, like how did that make you feel, because you just glossed past that and it loved the real impact on me. That was fine, so I had a weird child. What was the point of bringing it I? Don't remember: I, don't even know where I am no. So when I was a kid growing up, my mom really want me to be a doctor, so we go to the library and she would rent just VHS atop VHS of surgery. Videos remember when I watch was like a multi-part three tape series of this kid getting his fate like a facial reconstruction interesting like broke his face and like peeled off the skin I just watched those in the basement, so I was like you're gonna, be a doctor. Wow, that's a weird one. Yeah so to me was like okay, it's the human anatomy I I did was like. Oh I. Don't want that happened to my wee-wee, but I was wait. Did you see well okay? So this is the other thing I wanted to talk about. It doesn't involve a wee-wee really at all. So back in the day you know when we had Napster and Shazam and like imesh, you would download something thinking. It was one thing it would be something else yep. So when I downloaded was these two Asian women I believe they were Japanese and they had a lot of ills and I'm gonna be SPG as possible. So this I've seen it has the funnel then had one girls, but when she's putting the eels into her but then takes about, but you can see through and we use the the scientific of the anus. You can see the the eels moving and then they shoot out into the other girl's mouth. She like chews them up and then like regurgitates them into the girl's mouth that had them in her, but I never watch that be like huh I'm, not interested in this, and that's when I realized that I was looking normal, nothing you're, not normal. That's fine doesn't hurt other people by Kiehl's yeah. There was a lot of eels that were murdered for my god anywhere the darkest days, the days of Napster and Kazaam Jesus, sometimes wakes up from those were the absolute darkest days. Those of you who grew up with Napster and Kazaam stuff know that pure debauchery that we all dance I know what I'm talking yeah you'll get murdered and I'll be like oh cool. This is a chest like animal house nope someone getting shot in the face. None you just dude, wasn't Animal House at all. Those were the darkest days bro, that's all I'll say and everybody who's been. There knows exact what I'm talking about and also like I'm such a disappointment, because we're rocking like 56k modems here exactly so it took like ten years for me to download Jason ten. You know the latest prize anyway and then I find out. It's not Jason. Ten at all, it's a looks. Asian lady pooping out squid, squids I wish it was squids at least have an emotional connection to them. Heals. It happened to me where I wouldn't download, like him a movie for a whole week, and then it's not that but I never got like weird you ever get the one or it's Bill, Clinton be like I. Have not kids that woman down good, no www dot free sock like they would dupe you and then actually put in an ad? Oh really, anyone out anyone relate who can relate. I, don't know buddy I'm Dan. Can you relate anyway? Sorry? What were you talking about? I? Think you had you had like questions with I. Don't know I I apologize for getting us this. Oh, we were talking about sticking things in your urethra. Yes, sounding we can talk about something else, I mean we don't have to. If it sounds like everyone out, there really enjoys this topic Oh. What are you cleaning a pipe I better, be more Wow. Let's move on like them, it's hard to really move that. Like anything else, we had a moment. We had an experience. I feel like we're all closer I wish this table wasn't between I sound doesn't fit on there. I almost I can't even you know like there was a Girish, calm or something Audra show rich I. Think we're just like I. Remember that watch one video, a guy, his arm, that ripped off by a machine like in a factory I can't stomach that stuff I saw one mean either we're watching FIFA, that's where they have like really twist yeah and we were going through and it was all real intriguing until we hit one video of a woman in a stiletto stepping on a dude's dick, it's a fetish she's in, but the stiletto breaks through how goes through and then he's like he's into it and then he's like well, you can imagine you've never touched a computer ever again. I, don't think we've been, but imagine how much more quickly you could urinate yeah. It's like multiple holes like a pokin holes like water, everything based on his reaction. He wasn't thinking about that he's now he's ago. This is know what a treat! How do you fix that I wonder? If that's a fix about that, sir, you have a giant hole in your penis yeah just going to the hospital like uh, so listen, don't ask me how this happened right just have a hole in my penis art Seinfeld, the macaroni up death, I, don't know when George's dad falls on a macaroni statue of this and the doctors like I, don't want to know. Jackass I think the first movie where he stuck a toy car but yeah I fell like how did you that was possible? That's wonderful! Please! Let's continue! Let's attempt your videos are insanely well produced and research. What is your process for making new videos like? How long does it take you generally? No, but seriously you like you, don't post that frequently mm-hmm and they are extremely well researched and produced and I mean you don't have do you have a background in science and technology and it all at all really so you are self-taught and these things like. What's the process when you, when you get an idea, you're like all right, awesome, I'm gonna, do parasites. Yeah, so tell me tell me: how did you get the idea for parasites and then how did you start researching it? Sometimes I've been interested in because I've always loved the movie. The thing like some of my favorite films so always been curious about it and then again, I was I was in it's this rut, where I couldn't really think of anything and I've I heard his song on the music library that sounded like John Carpenter's like score for the thing interested in and then was like. Oh wait: okay I could make some of this nice getting ideas in my head, Senna was really just I. Just google search parasites and I find a bunch of different sources and books and I just read for that. One took about a month, I just read, like three books found a bunch of different studies and research, articles and papers on the internet and just read everything and then I write, like my notes. Pages are usually about 10 to 12 pages, just notes excluding, like my highlights from the books and then I condense, all that into a script. That's like three pages maybe- and it has to have a narrative flow so like what I'm, what I actually have all my notes: I kind of start, deleting things or reorganizing things, depending on what narrative structure I want and then from there. It's really I find my soundtrack I, listen to all the music and like hey. This song fits for this section, I'm talking about this kind of parasite and then I just go and film. It I find it so interesting that you start with the music first. My mind doesn't work that way at all yeah interesting, not as notes your process like sound is the last thing that we would do yes, I would even it to consider that and like as a part of the narrative, really it's more like yeah after the fact I mean generally, it just starts with finding a video that is inspiring or in some way yeah and then well for the longest time we wouldn't prepare at all, which was great in the beginning, because it had kind of this magic quality was just everything was improvised, off-the-cuff yeah and it really had a great quality to it, because it was just so wrong. But after like a year of doing that it just because it's not sustainable right. You need like more structure yeah, you kind of milk yourself and all your natural reactions yeah you start kind of depending on them over and over, and then you just become kind of like a jukebox, and it was getting like really talk about like creative uh dry a dry. Well, we were just it was. It was getting real bad and we were like shoot and shoot and shoot and be shitty shitty, shitty now I feel worse and worse and worse, and so we started now a little more sustainable. Just you find the video, because, if part of the magic for what us was like, we didn't want to watch it because I wanted to go in virgin yeah, but it's just not sustainable. So we we, we don't really write a script just like planned beats or we kind of identify the parts that I want to talk about. Smart get some idea of what I want to say, and so just a very real simple roadmap, I would say yeah, but a lot of the mastering of the video comes after we've already shot it like sketch ideas, edits, music, everything usually comes in post, mm-hmm yeah, it's totally. The opposite were like yeah everything's planned out like when I fill it I know exactly how it's going to be cut together, like editing is probably the easiest part for me, because everything's shot, how it's going to be editing has always been the most grueling Mart for us, but I also think I love editing the most, almost even more than shooting I I. Don't know why I hate shooting itself generally, probably because we're so unorganized, hmm and then the editing itself is when I feel like okay got the footage yeah. Now you can take your time and actually craft it like shape it into what you want. Yeah yeah, that's interesting, but it makes sense to me with your videos. The music is always like a really big part of it. So lose the motivation like it helps dictate how the whole story gets pushed forward. Are you a musical guy? Do you play music? Well, how okay I do not eat food, no I, never need to eat. I have water, I have vape I'm eating nachos tonight, yeah, absolutely eating myself, okay, I'm! Actually gonna get not just tonight to and a burrito hey, you know. What are you serious? You can do that? Okay, even if I didn't eat all day and I'm super hungry I can't fit all that food like I'll, be it's because I hate myself and I see from the controversial there's people with like Crohn's disease, which is a terrible disease that I wouldn't wish on anyone. Everyone has it it's an awful thing that won't wish on anyone, but but do you think I have somewhere, but you a lot me. You know I'm, not saying you have Crohn's people with Crohn's a lot you get when I'm at getting yeah, I guess! Actually, oh, you can eat more and pay less just to make you feel guilty. My I wish I had first girlfriend ever had died last year of Crohn's disease. What you can dive Crohn's disease? Well, she also said it's, but that was part of what you later like. She had a bag and all this no I don't want Crohn's disease anymore. I thought it was just you shed a little bit and eat lots of nachos god I, don't know anything um, but, and is your girl good I'll, try to make you feel guilty? Oh she's, not dead, I, don't know, I've never been with one um grinder with anyone besides eels except the notches in the nachos in the UH. Okay, sorry, what were we talking? Weird to everyone? I hope everyone, tonight's getting nachos who's watching they're like damn I need not get some nachos and okay, so little sign no nachos. This isn't branded at all, but Chili's bar and grill has on my favor, because every chip there's no dry chip, yeah I love it. It's like ten chips and you're like oh, please attend chip, nacho platter, but wait perfectly layered of with beans. It's like each chip is a masterpiece. It is more perfect because, like when you get nachos a giant pile which are nice, you get to the bottom. Now it's just chips and they're soggy. What am I gonna do with this I said: if you're sharing it, someone else is gonna get all their goodbye. Oh yeah. They give that one ship that's connected from. That's, maybe that's why you don't like food I, wasn't making a video with smoke with a Neil smoke, deGrasse Tyson about time you guys talked about and may I ask. Did you guys smoke the grass there was no, there was no grass smoking, it was really nice. I mean I've. I met him a few times. We've done a few things together, and it was just really. It was really cash. You know, real nice were actually potentially doing another thing in a few weeks, Oh together when I'm back in New York I want to meet him I'm on h3 podcast, yeah, god I'm trying we reach out. We are like clubs we have to reach through the like email. You got Saget if you can get sag Tyson this, this yep yep, but yeah, he's lovely and those that those kind of videos are the easiest to me, because I don't have to do anything and then turn into a video yeah, which is really nice. Is that do you wonder if, like that's, how a lot of other youtubers make every video mm-hmm? Isn't that cool? For them it is the other thing I, because people are gods and this isn't real content. People watch it, so it is like if people enjoy it say that but I mean like for other things, I'm sure people say it about me too, but, like sure I I just I again, it might not be what I like what if other people like it, cool no I wish I could do that kind of good on them for finding did my dream is to find a format, that's easy to produce and the people like as much as the videos we make that take us more Europe and that incredibly difficult to do yeah it's yeah yeah. It was easy. I think that there is no such thing actually because I feel, like everything becomes hard like if you're doing vlogs, that's really hard yeah. If you're doing I don't know it does, there is and I have someone on my mind but I'm not gonna, say it because I don't like in front of people, but there are some creators who have definitely like farmed it out just like everyone. They just basically show up and host, which is great I shouldn't like that, isn't a bad thing. If you get to that level, where you can cool, you know, like I know with you guys, especially with the videos that you make on YouTube. It's just pretty much you guys really like with Vsauce with for Michael and Kevin and I like Michael and I. Don't have a research assistant, anything like we do everything ourselves. Then we have Eric. You guys know that guys, yeah yeah, who does like all our graphics and cinematography and that's it like for when it comes to our videos. That's what we have. Our teams are very, very small because it needs to still be I'm, not at that point yet, where I can like give it to someone else, I, don't trust anyone, besides myself yeah sure, maybe I will, but it's also important to me that it be what I want that. It is like that version of me that I get to share with others. I don't want to dilute that at all. Eric is an interesting guy he's at the fifth Beatle like this. Guy is secret. Sauce yeah, in a way like he works with all you guys, mm-hmm he's pretty because he holds this insane camera. Oh yeah, so he's a camera op, which is really hard because it's super heavy he does cinematography. He edit does he editor. He makes all these crazies. Oh gosh, yeah cuz, like Michael, really uses these really insane graphs and moving pieces. He makes all that Muslim Michael's someone stuff Michael make himself with everything. That's like 3d generated is Erik and especially with Michael's videos Michael bit. Okay. Now you need to create something that no one has ever made before right. So go. Do that he's like okay, it's incredible! What that guy does she make? Does he who makes the music? So we have two sources? One of this guy is this guy chut. Now that worked at Google with us a lot of like all of the really when you hear that drop thing like every song, you think of Vsauce, that's like shut now, we've been using him forever soon, like the typical Vsauce music is jut now, and then we use a music library for everything else. Now it is both like the YouTube one: oh, no, no, no, no audio, Network, comm audio network. That sounds like a audio jungle and yeah, but they have a great library like basically all the music I use. Nowadays, videos I, don't know we have a nice deal with them where we just have like a blanket license for all of our channels. Well, it's maybe like a couple thousand dollars a year, but we've had much music as we want, but it's like music is so important. No you're right, I, always really like the music in your videos. Well, thank you. Yeah, it's great and your latest video was so good. Oh, Frank, I'll watch it and smash that like, but was the newest one. It was the yeah which tells you everything you didn't know, go watch it y'all seriously that you've been on fire. Your I loved your your most. All of your recent videos have been great. Oh thank you. You know excited like I. Think the NEX one's gonna be little bit different cuz. It's really just gonna, be like showing you shapes and how they work in like perception, but I. Don't know my dream is always to make little movies, but those cost money. Oh yeah, that's really good, but even if it's just just, but even it's like a thousand dollars, that's like Act! Is it worth it? Is it worth to spend a thousand dollars to make this video yeah? It's always hard. It's like I love those opportunities but I'm. Sorry, I love the challenge of making things for cheap, like the parasite. Video seems like a very expensive video yeah. Most expensive thing was Eric and I flying to Colorado. That was like the most expensive Ford. You find that Shack. That was just like an Airbnb. You can Airbnb that little shack like 100 bucks a night. We use it for one night cause 100 dollars. Ah, did you sleep there? Oh yeah, it was incredibly cold. I was the worst air B&amp;B. What were the reviews on that? It was. Oh, it was lovely. It was just like it is what degrees Fahrenheit outside yeah. We had to do everything like with a fireplace in there. That's in trouble because that looks like pretty like it looked budgeted but I guess what you've got the drone. You got a nice camera. You just go to this cabin who knows of nowhere. You just make it really when you show in the latest video how the editing makes it look like so much more yes, blissfully this challenge of like okay, remember, we were doing it. I was like okay, Eric we're gonna. Have all these things in the in the shot? Can you just like delete them? Yeah, it's like great, and that makes it look so much better. We added mountains to make it look like we were more secluded, uh-huh, there's all these little tricks that, like this record us online, to learn how to do them, and you just use that to emphasize what you're trying to create, which I think is why it's so at least for my cond, it's so important to have a structure, because when I read it I know exactly how I wanted to look so I know already, and I can talk to Eric about how we're going to do that and he's like okay yeah. We can do this too, yes got it, that's so cool, so yeah I, like it good work, Eric I, know Eric's watching actually Chris I know I have to call him out a little bit. I was like. Do you want to come to the podcast with me, yeah I'd, love to, and then this morning is like no I. Don't wanna go anymore. Oh wow! You know what Eric I thought you're a cool, dude I thought we were like pals in the Tesla you're dead to us Eric. You got to return the tells yeah. No, that guy's amazing shout out to shout out to him. I was curious because the parasites video gave me the creeps mmm that made me very uncomfortable. Was there any like creepy disturbing stuff? You read that you didn't put in in in the video, because I mean there's some things I didn't put in there's like a was it Toxoplasma Toxoplasma deep way? What's the deal with with that, that's the one you get from cats yeah that one come on. There have been studies, nothing conclusive, which write and put it in there haven't studies that it might lead or might enable people who do have a tendency towards schizophrenia to just become schizophrenic, not cool. So it's things like that, like it's always basically the it's, the parasite that most people have so and for people don't know this is a parasite. You get from cats that apparently 50% of Americans are infected with yeah, because what it does the the reason it kind of exists is that uh, it's in the feces of cats and then like it gets into rats or mice, and then now they're a lot less scared of cats and they kind of like go over to them because I believe it's it kind of changes the the scent profile of urine first, so they don't smell cat you're like oh, that smells like someone heat, I'm gonna, go get that and then they get murdered and die. What's the what's the purpose of of make it's always self continuation right, because then the new cat, the the mouse, try, the cat eats the mouse or the rat, and then it gets the parasite again. So maybe it's an uninfected one and it's the thing that's so interesting about parasites is that a lot of their purpose is self-preservation. It's to extend their lifecycle, their lifecycle exists within, depending on the parasite, within multiple creatures, mm-hmm so like. If it's in me it might not be the last place that it goes and it's like isn't its final form. So it's this very interesting and the the thing that I loved, which I kind of end with spoilers, is like. How do you know if you have one or don't if their job is to survive, then would they ever make their presence known? Really there could be ones in us that we just don't know about right. The one that I almost couldn't watch was the cockroach mm, with the jewel wasp yeah yeah that one's not like it's like it's so much like the movie alien, there's, no just gonna burst out of your chest. It's gonna eat, you ha ha, but you did this yourself because in his mind it's like I'm doing this. This is my decision. It's not like how do you know that your actions are your own? All right talked about sounding we've talked about parasites. Take infecting half the population. Do this one talked about Grindr I'm good. Thank you very much. It's mango flavor. Is it mango Dan beeps the office I'm or vaping right now. Dan is a fat Ripper dude, any rips, - unicorn milk -. What flavor you have in there mango? Oh just okay, I, wasn't sure if it was like unicorn jizz mango because mango is quite boring. More I, don't know, I just went to the store and the guy was like. Oh try. This one is great. That's it! Okay! Thank you! Guy at the store right. How is it it's nice good? It's nice I like it, because you know it's healthier than than smoking. The brown as you call it, the cigarettes you smoke cigarettes, I! Guess people don't know that about you. Well, let me um I guess this is ah okay, so so a little back story after so I had cancer, blah blah blah um, as you do, and then a year after after treatment all this stuff, I remember, the doctor was like cancer-free and I was like the first time that I cried during the whole thing uh and is a huge relief. But then I started thinking and I was really pissed off honestly, because I didn't I, wasn't like a bad person. Didn't smoke, cigarettes I wasn't like drinking all the time doing all these crazy things was just a complete mutation too random thing that happened that wasn't hereditary. So it's good, like you know what screw this man like I've, been he'll feed. My entire life I'm just gonna smoke cigarettes, because what the heck that's so you had no impulse to smoke before. No, it was just like god. Yeah me, this I didn't do anything wrong smoke cigarettes. No, so I started doing that for a little bit and then I was like. You know what I really don't want cancer again I felt it felt unfair to me huh. It is unfair. I was like you know what I'm gonna live my life a little bit and now I decided to not do that, because it's stupid now, let's fade because also smoking cigarettes makes you feel like garbage, has a high chance of getting you know something like it's enjoy. The experience is enjoyable, but there's literally nothing beneficial about it like on a health level. It does like I can reduce stress. It makes you feel nice, so you have that moment, but you know what this basically gives me: the same sensation and I'm not gonna die immediately people debate. If it actually releases stress people say you create a need to release stress. You become addicted right because that there was no need to reduce stress, but then once you've been smoking for a while, you get addicted to the habit and the actual addiction. So people mistake themselves in thinking like. Oh my have a cigarette. It reduces stress, but they're only addressing the problem. They created what I like about working, which, if I worked in like a normal kind of job I guess would be a better benefit, but when people smoke it's the only kind of activity we can go. I'm gonna go sign, have a cigarette just leave for 10 minutes. You're like hey boss, I'm gonna go dick off outside four times like no, you have to work, but you have a cigarette thing of course. Of course, go smoke! That's fine in the army. Almost everyone, smokes and I. Think that's why everyone wants to take a break all the time yeah and it's really bonding you all would go together. Yeah you do it so bad for you dude either you still chimney big-time when we met, don't tell me well or you just been outed- yellow smoke, the hardcore ones they had like this, like no filter. No, not those were gnarly man. We like rolling your everyone in the army smoke. These really cheap, super heavy-duty ones, just cuz. They were cheap yeah, but they I, remember smoking. One of those and I was like I was never really a smoker, though I never like needed. It just wanted to do it. Yeah I want to join everyone. I was just reminiscing on this him. This collab we did mm-hmm and just talking about how how we script versatile you script, because when I had the duty in this video here, let me play it to do like one simple little line, man I didn't think was gonna. Do it I'm Ethan, and what you're looking at is an interpretation laundry on I've ever drawn others. The software converts into a visual representation of the moments captured. It's data and data can be corrupted great. That took like a hundred tries. We were there for so long affected. I'm, not gonna, be able to remember this. Everyone's gonna go home, it's gonna be super awkward and you guys were on, like you guys, were like in a hurry. I remember. We had something to do you're like well. If we can't get it by 1:30, we'll just have to come back and do it on Monday I was like. Oh, my god, like you, memorize that whole piece I don't know I feel, like other people are better at it like elos. Just like oh yeah, this is no problem. I can't I, don't know my memories. You're kind of this like sick, too and I feel like there's something there that you have more of a bond than usual I'm disabled. No, but it's like I I think he did a great job and I was really excited that both you guys were in it. I enjoyed it. So thank you no you're great Hey. There was actually certain that's I'm gonna turn to brag, but I just thought up there. There was a video that he would Jack Black yeah. Oh I, remember he was like reading over the script with me and he's somebody monologues he's like. Oh you memorize. All this, it's pretty impressive and I was like no, but I was looking, of course, I do oh I. Remember when Robert Downey jr. had my memorized monologues in a second, but he was really gonna. Write like I had a whole thing to do and within five minutes he doesn't do it. Wow I mean I. Guess, do you get better at that, or are you just good, no I think you get better. It's like anything. You know yeah I honestly have no practice really because, like I said, that's just not how we shoot our videos, but I did it and when I got it, we everyone was just like yo. He cuz, capable of remembering eight words I believe if I remember correctly, you ripped off your shirt I, don't know why the shirt budget, so many shirts. You know it's funny, though I do say this about Teddy fresh, it's just an elaborate ploy from ela to get me to dress, better I. Think it's working I think that's really fresh I! Never thought about it like that. But I was the sweat. The tracksuit yeah I was gonna. Wear that today again I'd had this whole thing, which I kind of feel guilty about now, but I was like. Oh, is it kind of like wearing your own shirt like performing as a band like going on stage we're like your own blink-182, nghymru, blink-182 shirt, I, don't know like seemed like too much of a fanboy, that's okay! It would have been it's good either way. I just felt I felt guilty about, because I saw like everyone out. There is wearing tiny oppression. We know you rocked that merch bro I feel like I'm wearing it all the time. So every photo of me just has it on it's awesome, so good I just enjoy wearing it teddy fresh come for all of your clothing needs. Yes, let me ask you this. Yes, let's get you ask all of our guests this at the bottom of the show. Okay, it's okay! If you don't have one yep, because not everyone does I, don't do you have any ghost stories or paranormal experiences, UFO, visitations, alien, visitations, anal, probes, sounding that alien, sound? You did you see a ghost whatever happened? Have you had an experience like that super specific, an alien did sound me. One. Have you ever been found? I've been rusty trombone by an alien, his name was Michael. It was really weird [Laughter]. What is vsauce, you got me again, um! No! So yes, I have experiences with these things. When I was a young boy about five years old I was setting up Halloween decorations and a UFO flew over. Our house like, and there was a forest across the street like flew over the forest. I saw it and I wouldn't did other people see it. I wouldn't was like my mom. It was gone at that point. My mother actually believes that she has been abducted. What she's a strong believer and she would sleep with my dad to be out of town. She would sleep with a knife under her pillow whoa. She thought that maybe the aliens would come back, oh and take it Holy Smoke, since she always would be like I felt like there was a presence in the room. Wasn't so can I ask. Can I ask how do you corroborate those paranormal experiences because you're very scientific and logical person? How do you corroborate those two experiences I think well, when I was five? Is my memory? Could be hazy like our memory works, that every time I remember I mentioned a VHS tape when you remember it you're, remembering the last time that you remembered it so there's little inconsistencies in consistencies things changed Tecopa the same way that a VHS tape will deteriorate, the more that you watch it, that kind of happens. So who knows if I actually did I think that I did but I don't know if I did I strongly believe when people see UFOs that it's just some military plane or something like that, because I mean there's a lot of issues and it's not a shooting couple. Space travel I think that the naeli would like come here um, but who knows they might I do believe that we're not alone in the universe, but I find it hard to believe that they were able to get to us at any point in time really I agree, because unless they are so advanced, they like travel near the speed of light, in which case, even if they could, by the time they got home time still is the same for their home. Planet, cool we're, gonna, travel this distance, so it's gonna take twenty thousand years on our planet, but for us, because we're traveling this Musil gonna be twenty years right time. They get back, it's gonna be 40 thousand years later, everyone's dead um. Anyway. Sorry when it comes to ghosts and things I do remember. One moment was Christmas morning and I woke up and I went into the living room where the Christmas tree wasn't as pitch-black was like four or five in the morning, and I saw my brother in the corner and his back was to me- and there was like this weird fog around him and I went over to me. I was like Adam Adam. What are you doing up and he turned around- he just didn't think, had a giant mouth as a face. Now, if this was real or just a dream, I don't remember anymore. How old were you? I was probably like five or six I. Did you react? I like ran back in that room here for you, it was I had these things were like I was in my bed. Laying I saw a shadow, but who knows even over my true imagination, I, don't really know I also, don't believe it goes really. I have a lot of personal theories about that stuff. I, don't think, goes surreal, I think if anything, this isn't I'm gonna get I'm, not I'm, not like a big spiritual kind of guy, but I do think. If anything, when we see these aberrations that, if that they might be just beings of a higher consciousness, because we think about it at some point you no longer, you don't need a physical form if you're just like pure energy or, like you know, everything like if you can actually conceive of what is nothing, then maybe you don't even need a form mmm, so maybe that's what we see and what we cuz I was like to think about alien worlds, that we understand what things are, because we have a very geometrical idea of everything like everything is a shape right. You have a certain form and your form is created by lines, so we're gonna see something it didn't fit within that construct. We would have to put it in that to be able to actually see it right right, just the same way that we can't see like dark matter, we can't see the spectrums of light or color. Maybe there's certain things that we just can't see, and we don't know how is it or take that classic experiment with 2d world right or if a three-dimensional creature goes into flat world, it would just appear as us this life, because that's like you just can't comprehend it, you can't yeah. How do you visualize it that's interesting, so that to me is kind of maybe that's what it is. Maybe it's just there's cuz there could be other things wrong, there's so much that we don't see that maybe we hit a little thing that throws me off about ghosts is that it seems to be happening to the same people like you either I feel like 50% of people are like I've, never seen a ghost and I want to, or but I've just I've never had it, and then the other 50% is like I see goes all the time. Well, my counter to ghosts would always be why don't we see the ghosts of animals like? Why are there no animal ghosts mm-hmm? Why are they just showing around? Why do we only see people like specific people right, like sure there just be ghosts everywhere, yeah all over there's more people that have died than have been alive like should we just see ghosts all over the place, so is I'm very skeptical I mean I, don't want to I'm gonna, be from like 1950 like Genghis Khan, like the 1800s yeah. We don't see like caveman walking around or cavewoman. That would be cool or KVA, but whatever you want. Yes, um just smoking, the cannabis people he gave people of cave, K board, so I don't know. I don't ever want to dismiss something immediately, because who knows right, you know like we find out things all the time. We don't even know that what DNA was until like 70 years ago, I agree about aliens, though it seems so I'm. With our current understanding of physics, it seems super unlikely that someone would go interstellar mm-hmm to come. Peep us out. Well, there's also a lot of again there's so many things we don't know it. Could it be that there's a wormhole we don't know about that. They travel through, like you think about they're a piece of paper. Let me use a dollar bill, okay, so we take time- and let's say like to get from this- also in the movie event horizon, which Merlin's you go from like point A to point, B on a straight lines can take you longer, but if you fold time right yeah, then you can just go right there and then do you have the time dilation issue? If you do that, I don't know, I would assume not because time relation happens from traveling at speeds Clarett. You were near this right wait. So then you zip on through the galaxy and it's alright baby, but also you have the thing too, like there's. Just a speed limit to have fast communication can travel which I I talked about in a video crackling light we're like I, always love in movies like in Star Trek. They, okay, like hey home base, we're like the Klingons, are attacking send someone to help us. It's like cool that message will get to them in four years. Right you'll be dead. Everything will be done by the time they actually get. That message you know it was really cool answer to that paradox and Ender's Game. They said that and- and it was later confirmed by this thing- called coupled what is it called coupled particles coupled atoms? You know this weird phenomenon where two particles or atoms get joined and, if you put it on the other side of space or wherever they move in sync together, regardless of the space between them and so like. Theoretically, that could be used for something like that could be used for deep space. Communication wasn't everything's theoretical, but there's I mean again it could all be. We just don't know, because there's so much more, that we had to discover yeah, which I think is because I don't know, I'm excited I would love it. Would you go to space if you had like the choice? The option? Would you go like just like a one-way trip, or one way to Allah day, if someone's like Allah, we can send you tomorrow's, but you can never come back. I would not probably not I. Let's go. We've got the internet, I'll walk if I had nothing going on I. Think we've also talked about it before. If I had nothing going on in my life, I would probably think so. Really, if I had nothing I didn't have you like nothing like a meaningful relationship or a job job that I care about I, don't know if I was like desperate yeah you're working at a cafe or whatever I, don't know, I'm, not perfectly fine job again say what job can I say that doesn't offend someone. Your know, I was working at a cafe. There nobody's offended very sure, that's a finisher there, someone likes that I. Don't think I would I. Just don't think I'm that brave, honestly I'm, a coward, hmm I'm. Definitely a coward I mean I, wouldn't do it by neither not if it's a one-way trip like what am I gonna learn what am I gonna I've already experienced it with someone that be nice right. Well, you'll go! Well! You go by yourself. Okay, we can I can bring. You can bring five friends, five friends, you get some ice, some graham crackers crackers, all right. While we talk about I, don't want to do it about my weight. I do really want to go like just I want to stand on. Another celestial body like the moon. Great I could do that. I just want to be able to be like I, always do not something else. Besides the earth yeah that would be yeah like what a treat no people get to go to space like so few have actually gone. I do really hope that people go to march in our lifetime and I'll happily watch that journey from home, I think it'll happen, and luckily we have people like Elon, Musk and such that are just like screw it I'll just do it yeah, that's awesome. Yeah look I know that with Richard Branson Bronson Branson mm-hmm Branson Branson, like he's gonna, do I think at the end of the year, like the first space light for people they like go, then I can like go far out. It was like whoa like a commercial yeah space space vacation or whatever, where you just like go out like oh cool microgravity boom come back. I would totally love to do that. I'd be brand deal son, it's gonna, be so expensive, I wonder. What's the price tag on that, probably 100 that we probably a couple hundred thousand I was saying? Apparently you can already do it in like Russia for like a million really yeah, but you have to go through a lot of training programs yeah sure when I was at mmm Space Camp, ladies Space Camp and circus camp yeah, you know I, do all the camps also went to animation camp one of the cool camps they go to. You and I have never been to a cam not been to camp ever I used to be a camp counselor. That's how into camp I am I was like you know. What I went to this camp, but now I'm gonna work at this camp? That's deep, I loved it. You know many kids I destroyed in dodgeball. Oh that's! The life is so many ting this. So many hopes and dreams crushed by a red ball flying at their face right. It was love, I mean I, like the the kids are nice. Some of them are Facebook friends with me now, but I always do counselors versus kids. Cuz I like to play not fair right and oh the joy in my eyes. I don't know about theirs. Anyway. Sorry aliens ghosts, maybe maybe yeah I, don't really know. I I, don't know, I would love it. I don't know anyway. Sorry I could go on well, I, agree, I, agree completely. Also I do think. I need to eat I'm, like so mad I. You know what I need to eat some nachos, and so with that let's go eat. Some nachos I would not even first of all, if you're not subscribed to vsauce3, why not? What the hell are you doing? Go, get a plate of nachos, but first subscribe to vsauce3 go get some nachos come back and watch them Vsauce three videos, while you eat nachos. Thank you. Jake yeah, thanks great, is a joy to have you here fun everyone watching! Thank you so much for enjoying your Friday with us. It's Friday right, I'm! So out next week is gonna, be so it's gonna be a long one, but I'm excited I'm, super pumped I. Hope to see you got. Have you guys along for the ride? Monday we've got a special episode planned hope you guys can join us for that at the usual time, Wednesday is the live. Live super live show with post Malone Friday is Bob Saget, guys, I'll see you there I love. You appreciate, you can't wait to see you guys live man. It's gonna be a while thanks for watching and hi from make sure if you're gonna sound just make sure to clean -, you have to be sanitary while you're sounding and with that I say see you guys. [Music].